[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
call coffee with Scott Adams I'm pretty
sure you've never had better time and
today's going to be extra special
because the news the news has got all
kinds of stuff there's things happening
all over the place we'll talk about them
and they're all interesting
weirdly a super interesting
Day comments are working technolog is
working allergy is not so bad we're in
good shape Story number one you didn't
even need to hear this cuz you already
knew yes you are so far a hand of
science that when you hear this you're
going to say Scott I knew that so
there's a new study that says YouTubers
can fulfill emotional needs better than
casual
friends so there's a new study that says
if you're watching somebody on
YouTube and uh you do it on a regular
basis that you can have your emotional
needs fulfilled even though it's sort of
a you know one-way
conversation that's what I'm doing years
ago I wrote that I would be your
invisible friend but now I'm Not
Invisible thanks to technology here I am
so if you haven't caught how coffee with
Scott Adams Works uh it's more than just
the live stream the members on the
locals locals community at scott.
locals.com
are basically
friends there just happen to be a lot of
us so if you want to be part of it I
will be your non-invisible friend and
it's way better than not having friends
some say it's better than having friends
yeah some say but I think you should
have friends too but if you don't and
you don't have enough I will be your
your visible
friend apparently science agrees all
right I saw this uh great post from
Fisher King which is a Anonymous
name about being a night owl he says
being a night owl isn't isn't about
staying up late for whatever reason to
drink or party it's about feeling a
release of tension an ease in the dark
that lets you do the work and study that
makes you happy something about broad
daylight creates a pressure to be
involved with things move with the
hustle and bustle of people in the
streets when you really uh you need
Solitude and
silence now first of all I agree with
the statement that uh you know working
with everybody else's asleep is the best
time but oh my God is the writing in
this
good the release of tension and ease in
the dark I just love the choice of words
and um and I would say also that uh
working early in the morning cures my
ADHD in the afternoon my brain's all
over the place I can't concentrate in
the morning when it's dark and everybody
else is asleep and it's too cold to be
outdoors and I wouldn't want to be
outdoors anyway my whole world shrinks
to the size of my desk and I even keep
it dark uh only only my desk area is
lighted everything else is complete dark
in silence uh otherwise I can't
concentrate now I recommend this in in
this case fisher king is uh prefers the
night hours I prefer the early morning
hours but more generally creative work
is best done between midnight and 8:00 a
I like the you know 4:30 to 8:00 a.m.
part other people like the midnight to
4:00 a.m. part but it's the same part
that's where that's where you can really
focus on who you are and your creative
process
so
um Ju Just think about that if you're
having a problem concentrating on the
things you need to move forward think
about experimenting either late at night
if you don't have to get up or early in
the morning uh it turns out people are
very different you can't all be mourning
people I used to think you could but now
I think you can't make yourself be a
morning person but you might make you
might be easy to be a you know 12 to two
person uh axios is reporting there's a
big movement to ban cell phones in
schools to which every single person
here who has any experience with
children in schools and cell phones
said wait a minute they weren't already
banned
what wait what they they weren't already
banned in school well they were sort of
banned in terms that you couldn't use it
during the class but everybody just used
it under their desk so so everybody was
just sort of like
this you
know there's no way you could possibly
concentrate on your class and do that at
the same time however um I've got a
provocative hypothesis we assume that
the children will learn better and be
better and be better off if they don't
have their distraction of their phones
because it's Common Sense am I right
what could be more obvious than you
don't want people distracted when
they're trying to learn well let me
throw in a little bit of a little bit of
a
thinker what are we preparing kids for
are we preparing them for a world that
doesn't exist or for a world that does
exist and the world that does exist is
full of
distractions if you can't learn to do
your classwork and use your phone in
class you're never going to make it in
the real
world you didn't see that coming did
you uh yeah when I took a uh an
employment test for Pacific Bell when I
was very young part of the test was a
distraction test have you ever heard of
this I think it was a common in the Bell
syst system at some time they would
literally give you a test and then they
would distract you every you know
whatever minute or something and the
entire thing was to see if you could do
ordinary tasks in the context of being
distracted every few seconds and if you
couldn't do it they didn't want to hire
you because the real world is about lots
of
distractions so it could be that while
it's definitely true your kids aren't
learning as much that it's creating a
filter
that the people who can survive that
kind of environment learn to do it
better we might be
surprised at which one of these we want
now I don't think you can disturb the
classroom situation with you know that's
a different thing but we might find that
you got to you got to teach kids to deal
with distractions because that's what
the real world is maybe I'm just putting
it out there as a hypothesis I I am not
in favor of kids having cell phones in
schools I'm not in favor for that just
hear that clearly but I'll just put out
there as a
hypothesis we're not entirely sure
what's true we live we live in a world
where you don't
know I know I see I see what you're
saying did we forget something something
very
important called the simultaneous Sip
and you feel the lack don't you yeah you
can feel it you're in
complete well if you'd like to be
complete all you need is a cuper marar
glass a tanker chalse or St on a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine here
the the day the thing that makes
everything better is called the
simultaneous Sip and it's going to
happen now go
now this brings me perfectly to a topic
that was
upcoming did you feel the need for the
simultaneous zp because you developed a
habit and it had a
reward you felt it right you so you can
feel that I have rewired your brains in
a very specific way intentionally you
know with your permission because you
obviously knew what was happening and
you now have a new habit or a new piece
of
circuitry this is something the
hypnotist can do right not just
hypnotists of course but hypnotist know
how to add a little brain circuitry
where there wasn't one before we can
connect two things that weren't
connected and they'll stay connected
because the circuitry is physically
there once it's
created now take that
thought and apply it to the next topic
coincidentally I have a
theory that uh time
blindness so-called time blindness do
you know people who have time blindness
they used to call it ADHD or it's an
element of it or maybe it's something
else but it's the idea that some people
can't be on time because they're just
they're they're blind to
time now how many times have we seen
that um I've cured a condition that was
incurable
if you're new to the stream you just
said what all right here this is for the
new
people this is just to give a shock to
the system if you're new to the stream
I've cured more people than
Jesus that's literally true now Jesus is
better than me you know let me be clear
Jesus is way better than me I'm not
comparing myself to Jesus I'm just
giving you use a data point see Jesus
didn't have a social media so when he
was doing his cures he was done doing
one off it's like what' you do today
Jesus well I cured three lepers and a
blind guy well that's pretty impressive
that's really impressive I can't do
that but if I come up with a cure for
something I can tell a million
people right so I've cured probably
thousands of people of pesis that's shy
bladder just with the hypnosis
essentially um I've cured the common
sneeze I wrote about that in my book
reframe your brain not every kind of
sneeze but I taught you a mental trick
to make a sneeze go away by imagining
you're sneezing instead of actually
sneezing now you didn't see that coming
did you I've also
cured a number of people of a incurable
speaking problem one I had and I've
suggested people maybe looking for the
surgery and a number of people got the
surgery and got cured so I've you know
cured them just by information in that
case they didn't know there was a cure I
set them up they got a cure likewise
with the reframe um alcohol is
poison probably hundreds maybe maybe
more have told me they stopped drinking
forever just put the words alcohol is
poison because that allowed them to see
it in a different frame and then it was
easier to quit I get hundreds of people
maybe thousands who told me that they
dropped you know 50 and 60
PBS how much healthier are you if you
drop 60 PBS probably a lot so I do have
a track record of literally curing
people of and that's just a partial list
of debilitating uncurable or hard to
cure problems
you have to know that because the next
thing I'm going to say is so wildly
improbable that if you didn't have the
context you would say I'm not even going
to listen to what you say because you're
so wildly crazy but if you knew that I
have in fact cured a number of major
problems in in public I do it in public
and then people can see it you can see
the comments you can see it
yourself uh I'm going to cure time
blindness
now now you're going to say to yourself
Scott Scott why why don't you just
listen to The
Experts are you kidding me have
you heard from the experts lately
apparently the experts are wrong about
just about everything all the time
that's not true of course but it feels
like it lately so I don't even blink
when somebody says I'm going to tell you
something that's opposite of science now
and I think I'm right there was a time I
would have said come on don't waste my
time don't waste my time saying that you
know something that science got
wrong but these days I'm willing to
listen I'll tell you I'm a lot less
cocky than I used to be about my science
I I used to be one of those
it's like M yeah I hear what you're
saying but do you know that all of
science disagrees with you how about
that I win science is on my side yeah
yeah me it's me and science we're like
Bros together we can conquer everything
and then I found out that my bro science
was a big liar science is I
can't trust it at all all right so with
that setup I give you the
following I don't think that people have
time blindness I think that a hypnotist
with a little bit of work and it would
take some AB testing I don't think I can
get it on the first try I think think
you could find a piece of circuitry that
you can connect for the first time with
people who say they have time blindness
and you can cure it in other words you
can build a habit that would just be
automatic uh as much as the simultaneous
zip and I don't know exactly how to do
it but I'll give you some some things I
would
try I have an observation and I don't
know if any of you can back this up so
this is not real data this is just an
anecdotal
I believe that people who have time
blindness often were in a situation
where they could spend lots of time
alone in other words they had their own
bedroom when they were young and maybe
their own
bathroom so that they could be time
blind without any external thing
affecting them and so it would never get
fixed so their lateness is when you're
not watching and other words if somebody
who has time blindness stood right next
to me and I said here's what we're going
to do
we're going to chop up these
vegetables all right and I'll take a
piece of broccoli I'll say okay you take
a piece of broccoli right do it the same
time I do right now let's see if we can
finish at the same time we're just chop
chopping broccoli I'm chopping you're
chopping do you think that they couldn't
do it do you think that the person
standing right next to you would be time
blinded and then they wouldn't be able
to chop broccoli and be done about the
same time you were no they would because
you would be their
external clock you would be the clock
they wouldn't think of it that way but
they would just automatically match your
pace now suppose you put that person in
a repeated bunch of situations where you
create artificial situations where they
just have to do things at the same way
in the same time and the same you know
exact sequence as a person who doesn't
have time
blindness then secondly you do a little
test you say hey we're going to do a
little test uh try to tell me when you
think 7 minutes is up and then you just
see how close they get now sometimes
they'll forget to even
answer it'll be like an hour later and
you'll say okay do you remember that you
were going to tell me when seven minutes
was up and it might be wildly impossible
at first but I'll bet you that if you if
you get people to feel physically what
it's like to be next to somebody who
knows what time is and feels it that you
would learn to feel
it much like uh I'm the worst drummer in
the world you know I try to try to do
play the drums but if I watch a good
drummer on a YouTube my drumming
instantly gets better just from the
exposure it doesn't last but I can I can
pick up like a little extra Funk or
something just immediately so I believe
that people might learn their sense of
time from exposure to other people
here's another example
this is my favorite one I I I use this
example A Lot the way you train a uh
hering dog like a sheep dog to herd the
Sheep is you just introduce a new dog
that's it that's the training the new
dog just watches the trained dog and in
a really short time a few days the new
dog becomes a sheep dog just from
exposure to oh you do that I'll do that
looks like you're having fun I'll have
fun
secondly I also observe that people with
time blindness do not get a dopamine hit
from being on
time but I do I get a dopamine hit from
doing boring things efficiently people
who have time blindness will tell you if
I'm doing a boring thing like I my brain
just checks out I can't concentrate on a
boring thing but I say how do you ever
have a boring thing how do you ever have
a boring thing I never have a boring
thing I have
challenges so if something's boring I
say how's the fastest way I can make
this uh finish in the way nobody's ever
done it so fast and then it's a
challenge and then it's interesting and
if I can do that thing that takes an
hour and 45 minutes the next day I say
I'll bet I could do it in 44 minutes so
I never I'm never bored I'm always
creating a challenge now these are
habits could you install these habits or
something like them you know I I don't
think I've NE necessarily hit the answer
yet I just believe that the missing
piece of circuitry is something that's
completely fixable because brains are
programmable and that little free
floating thing that doesn't connect your
sense of time to what you're doing at
the moment I could connect those I could
connect those and I'll bet I'll bet any
hypnotist could you know any really good
hypnotist I don't think you can do it
with a therapist necessarily I don't
think you can do it with a pill
necessarily I do think a hypnotist could
do it with some people over time it
might take a little
experimenting so I just put that out
there that I think we have a complete
wrong understanding of time blindness
and what to do about
it the tape Brothers won their appeal so
they the appeal allows them to travel I
guess they still have legal Peril but uh
at the moment as long as they're free
they can now travel in Europe now I ask
you why couldn't they travel in Europe
before what changed between the time
they had to be in jail to the time they
were allowed to be out but in Romania to
the time now that they could travel
obviously being flight
risks is this sort of the cats on the
roof is this the first step toward an
admission that the charges were complete
 because you know I'm no fan of
uh Andrew Tate just for personal reasons
not because of what he says uh I I
actually like what he says I like his
act uh I don't like him personally as a
as a human being that that's just as
personal interactions with him
but everything about the legal Peril
that they're in just
screamed not real it just screamed like
somebody was out to get them and they
were law faring him in Romania the worst
possible thing that could happen to you
so keep an eye on that yes if I had to
predict I'm going to predict that they
don't go to jail and that we someday
learned the charges were complete
 and that they came from another
country in other words Al Bet Romania
was doing a favor to some other country
for some other reason somebody didn't
like them that's what I think because
there are just too many people who have
a certain kind of view who have bad luck
have you notice that oh uh Alex Jones
well you know that's a special case cuz
was the thing he said and you know kind
of bad luck and then Andrew Tate as well
you know yeah you have to understand you
probably did some bad things in addition
to the things he was saying so you know
the bad things catch up with you maybe
and uh you know this cartoonist got
cancelled for what he said but you know
you have to understand is what he said
it's you know special case there
certainly are a lot of special cases
aren't there have you noticed how many
special cases there are that all seem to
go in One Direction because I don't see
a lot of special cases on the left just
a lot of special cases on the right so
watch out for the special cases they may
not be as special as you think talker
Carlson got fired from Fox News but that
was a special case because he said
something about the elections
right maybe there are no special
cases speaking of Tucker uh he's said
that he's got a interview lined up and
he's going to talk to zalinski
zelinsky's people said nope uh nothing
like that happened there is nobody in
Zen's office who believes that that's
true he has a full schedule and his
schedule is not involving Tucker and
it's completely made up and maybe he
shouldn't believe things that Russians
tell
him do you think he got
pranked do you think that some Russian
pretend to be a zinsky person and yeah
how would you really know I mean if
somebody called me and
said oh is he Scott Adams I'd be yes oh
this is zelinsky's office this is my
Ukrainian accent you recognize it
Ukrainian accent uh this is you
Ukrainian uh office of zalinsky uh we
very much like to to interview with
you how would I know it's not zalinski
you know I suppose you could ask the
government but if your Tucker you know
the government's not even going to
return your call it would be pretty easy
to get pranked and I'd like to give you
the extra extra extra
caution you have to stop believing every
audio source for everything even if it's
live you have to learn to not trust any
audio
Source even live even if you're having a
conversation live you don't know if
you're even talking to a person anymore
you really
don't remember AI has passed the touring
test that means that literally
scientifically a human can't tell
they're talking to an AI all the time
sometimes you can so don't trust
anything could be a prank could be an AI
could be an OP there's just nothing you
can
trust anyway meanwhile up in Canada the
woke Canadians are they're having
experiment with their first 15minute
city so the city of Edmonton is going to
divide itself into 15 little parts and
then all of them will be places that if
you live in one of those little Parts
you'll be able to get whatever you want
within 15
minutes um and it'll be mostly mass
transit so everything would be more
convenient and closer don't need as much
climate change don't need to spend as
much money we'll talk about climate
change later um and of course uh my
audience is concerned that this would be
CLA Schwab's dream of globalizing
everything and taking away your freedoms
so you don't want your City to be
convenient because it'll take away your
freedoms now I of course have given you
a little push back on the idea that
living in a city that's welld designed
for your convenience is really a plot to
control you maybe it's just good for
everybody but I do acknowledge that uh
this change would give the give people
an easier way to control you would you
agree that the 15minute city would give
the people in charge yet another way to
control you and of course they would
because every time you give them control
they use it would you can we all agree
that it does create a situation where
maybe you don't have a car it just feels
like they would be able to control you
better if you you're in your little
15minute city it's not that you can't
leave but you won't have a
car so you'll have to work at it a
little bit harder if you want to leave
well here's my
context
um when the automobile was first
introduced into
America did it give you Freedom or take
it away well it gave you Freedom right
cuz you got to drive around well did it
did it cuz it came with all kinds of
rules what you could do what you
couldn't do and then you got to the
point where you had to have a car like
you didn't even have an option so cars
started out as well Isn't that cool to
they're mandatory really how could you
live a modern life without one you know
at some point so then he had phones when
Tel phones were
introduced the government got a way to
spy on all of you because they could tap
your phones with any good reason so was
the telephone a good idea or a bad
idea because it guaranteed you lost your
privacy you know the government could
listen to anything they wanted but the
telephone was useful you know sort of
like a 15minute city it's just that you
gave up your privacy but then you had a
computer wow computers were great right
you could do so many
things but it gave the government a way
not to just spy on one phone call but
they could learn everything you've ever
done everything you care about everybody
you've talked to everything you've said
you gave up all of your
freedom because computers are really
cool and they're useful and they're
great so were computers a bad
idea well they gave up all of your
freedom depends do you like freedom
because you lost it but the computers
are cool too games and you you can do
things they have
apps um how about uh security cameras
you know it's great that you could have
a security camera to feel safe you know
it keeps the bad guys away easier to
catch
them
but then that meant you were on security
cameras everywhere you went so you gave
up all of your physical freedom in the
sense of people not knowing where you
are at any given time because they also
added facial
recognition
so security cameras are great when you
agree keeps you safe also took away all
your freedom so now you you don't have
the ability to travel without being
spotted how about facial
recognition great stuff the convenience
of it you could tell if somebody is a
real person we don't do this yet but we
will uh if you go to the store you don't
have your ID wouldn't it be great if
they just use facial recognition I mean
I use it on my phone all the time I I
hated putting in my password in my phone
now I just you know phone just looks at
my face my God that's great that is a
great great thing that took away all my
privacy I've got one of those digital
devices from Amazon whose name I dare
not say it's amazing I can't tell you
how much my life is because I can just
talk to that thing all day long I'm
talking to it I've got one in all my
major rooms I talk to it all day long
I'm asking it questions and checking
things it's great it also listens to
everything I do or could and if the
government wanted to listen to me in
every room they
could but it's really cool I really
enjoy
it
so I would argue that the most common
thing for us and we'll see it with AI as
well AI is really useful it's great do
you think AI will take away some of your
freedoms of course it will do you think
AI will take away your jobs of course it
will do you do you think that your
ability to even experience the feeling
of free will will be diminished greatly
by AI yes yes it will how about the
robots that are going to be in your
house you can actually have a robot
connected to the internet with eyes and
a brain watching everything you do but
it's going to be so
cool I'm going to get
one I'm going to get one yeah and it's
going to be watching me just like a spy
and the government could probably take
over that robot's brain anytime it
wanted watch everything that I do and
even tell the robot to look around I
think that I think at what some point
the government if it has a warrant will
be able to listen to this the government
will be able to order your robot to
search your house while you're at
work yeah your robot will be ordered to
watch your passwords as you type them
into your
computer oh yeah that's coming but are
you not going to get a
robot you will get a
robot we're all going to have a robot
we're all going to have robots and
you're going to give away whatever's
left the last shred of your independence
from the
government so when you tell me Scott you
 idiot don't you understand that
the 15minute cities are part of the
global conspiracy to take away your
freedoms I say of course I understand
that I understood it about the phone the
car the computer I understand it about
my digital devices I understand it
about security cameras I understand it
about AI I understand it about robots
it's going to happen
anyway and I for one am in favor of
Designing cities to be more
efficient and if you're concerned about
taking your freedom I would say you're
completely right and it probably doesn't
matter because you've given away your
freedom so many times there's no Freedom
left and what the hell are they going to
do to you they that they can't already
do I mean
really you're you're afraid of the
digital money because then they'll know
exactly what you're doing with your
money if you're using a credit card they
already know what you're doing with your
money it's only cash that matters and
cash is mostly used for sketchy reasons
right now is to avoid taxes basically or
buy drugs I
guess anyway here's a new report I'm
going to test your bias the RNC reports
RNC research account on X reports that
the official jobs number uh from the
last two months has been revised
downward wow by
111,000 so surprise right the jobs
report looked really good and then just
like you knew it got revised down quite
a bit quite a bit that's a big number
now here's a test of your uh your
knowledge of the
news true or false here's a true or
false test true or
false in the election here when Biden is
in charge and therefore the government
is sort of pro Biden one
assumes that they are going to lie about
the jobs numbers consistently while he's
in office and then there'll be like a
little correction later that they hope
you don't
notice true or false the news
consistently says the jobs are good and
then quietly correct it later where you
don't notice true or
false I'll read your answers true true
true true true true you've all seen
it you've seen it with your own eyes so
therefore it's true yep it's not
true do you know how I not know it's not
true because in my ongoing conversation
with Michael Le and black who represents
let's say almost the polar opposite of
my political views I mentioned that to
him I said you know conservatives see
this but you probably don't that those
job numbers that look good they always
you know maybe not 100% of time but
pretty much you could depend usually
they're going to get revised down and
then you won't notice the revision and
he said well that's not
true and I said come on it's the most
obviously true thing in the news how do
you not know that it's like almost every
month it seems it seems they say the
numbers were good and then a month later
they're not so good
and he said but I remember them being
revised in both
directions not just one way sometimes
they go up sometimes they don't and I
said to myself well that can't be true
because I only see them revised
down and so I checked turns out that
they're revised up sometimes and down
sometimes and that a republican entity
will tell me when they've been revised
down and they won't tell me when they've
been revised
up so Michael Ian Black for the
win he his version of the news was
accurate my version of the news was
 100% win which I told him by
the way
100% his news was accurate mine was
 and it wasn't wrong in terms of
you know the accuracy it was just what I
what I saw so I don't see anybody
posting well those numbers are way
better than we thought but today I saw
the RNC research number telling me and
and here's what Zero Hedge said uh
something like you know here it comes
here it goes again or something like
that so Zero Hedge presented it as the
here's here it is again here's what they
always
do but they don't they don't always do
that what is true is that when they do
it you see it because Republic an are
more likely to send that around social
media so if that if that uh tricked you
the way it tricked
me do your own research just you know
check you'll
see all right here's another fake news
there was some news that there was some
document suggesting that Mike Flynn
would be the VP Choice uh he says that
it's not true and that uh the filing he
debunked it so basically Flynn says
there's no filing that's not a real
thing now that doesn't mean that he's
not going to be the choice for vice
president I don't think he will
be but um it's just that this document
is fake so if you believe that document
was real uh check yourself because it
was fake now I didn't really
have I I guess I suspected it was fake
because I heard the story and yet I
didn't think it was important enough to
talk about I think I mentioned it was
new but it never seemed important to me
and it would have been important if I
thought it was true so I guess i' never
believed it enough to make it a big deal
so I I guess I I can take a a partial
victory in that I wasn't convinced of
this one but I could have made a bigger
I could have said more directly that I
was skeptical so I think I'll I'll
correct s on
that all
right so uh I saw talker saying this the
other day uh on a video that you have
you really have to restate in your mind
everything that you think you believed
about history because we're living
through history that will someday be in
history books and we can see with our
own eyes and our own ears that what will
be written in the history books will not
be real and yet we can be sure that
children will be taught it as if it's
real um the fact that the media tried to
tell us that Biden's problem was a cold
and a
stutter well let's say they were not
lying as obviously as they are if you
had to revise your understanding of
History you might say to yourself you
know all right I got to take this under
consideration there was a time I was
told from the historians that uh Stalin
was a bad dude and he he killed a bunch
of people that you know is considered
one of the greatest evils in history of
the
world but now I'm wondering if he didn't
just have a cold in a
stutter
no well they're telling us that a cold
and a stutter can make you act in a way
that no person normally acts people
don't normally want to kill 20 million
of their own people that's not normal
so how do we know he didn't just maybe
it's just a passing thing just a cold
and a stutter all right I'm kidding but
how ridiculous is it that they're still
trying to tell us it might be a cold in
a stutter and oh by the way uh he was
also
jetlagged and by the way it's just
normal aging here's a little trick I
learned from this the my uh who I call
my uh smartest Democrat friend I mention
him all the time
but one of the things he taught me years
ago was if somebody has one reason one
explanation for something it might be
true and it might be false you don't
know just one explanation but if
somebody offers you three competing
explanations it's always
 uh why were you late oh traffic
was
bad and I had a flat
tire okay if it was only traffic was bad
maybe but if traffic was bad and you had
a flat tire suddenly it doesn't sound as
true he had a problem because he had a
cold and a
stutter and international travel 12 days
ago and it's just
normal as soon as you get that second or
third excuse
all doubt should be
removed about whether it's true nope you
get to that third one and that's that's
pretty confirming that it's not
real all right now the latest is that
Biden is telling Democratic Governors
that he's going to go go to sleep by
800m because he needs more
sleep no nothing wrong with that totally
normal you know you want him to be sharp
at 3:00 a.m. when he gets that call
about the nuclear attack and we'll say
he's in good shape went to bed at
8 yeah that would sound like yet another
maybe a fourth
excuse not just jet lag but in general
not enough
sleep but he also has a cold in a
stutter and uh Trump's old too Trump's
old
too in case I didn't mention that
Trump's old too so that would be like
five things
things all right um I would recommend
that whenever you hear somebody in the
mov in the news tell you that the
problem is he had a cold that you
translated into your head into
montypython talk because here's what's
not funny Jean Karin Johan prier saying
but people uh it's very clear um I've
been very clear very very clear he had a
cold he had a cold have been very clear
Have I Told you i' been clear I don't
know if I mentioned I've been clear very
clear it was just a cold people now
that's not
funny here's
funny it's just a
cold well but it looked like he couldn't
even talk it's just a gold he's he's
fine he's just got a gold now you're
probably realizing right now he can't do
a Monty Python accent to save his ass it
sounded exactly like his Ukrainian ACC
and that wasn't good to begin
with okay that's true so you have to do
your own Monty Python in your head you
don't do Mine mine's mine's not
good well Miranda deine Divine tells us
um is it deine or Divine probably Divine
Miranda divine right is it deine or
Divine it it's so hard the names that
don't tell you how to pronounce them by
looking at them anyway Miranda who's
great um she was saying on a report
recently on TV that every reporter on
the campaign show in 2020 could see with
her own eyes that Joe Biden was in
cognitive decline he was very low energy
he had to have
teleprompters uh for the smallest things
and his basic stump speeches blah blah
blah do you believe that do you believe
that everybody could see
it and the entire left leaning news
covered it up
that's funny let's play uh lying stupid
or crazy or
weak I added weak because we're going to
look at some people on the left and what
they say about Biden and you get to
decide are they lying are they stupid
are they crazy or are they just
weak Brian stelter
um now that he knows that Biden has
these problems and he was one of the
ones saying there was no problem at all
right up until the debate he uh wrote he
said the record of how Biden's Health
was covered is complicated just as aging
is a complicated
process is he lying stupid crazy or
weak lying crazy stupid or
weak is acting like maybe it wasn't Soo
obvious yeah maybe you couldn't really
see it you know because of the
complicated stuff it's complicated how
could anybody see it when it's so
complicated I'm going to say lying and
weak lying either because he's
weak or he's leak and weak and lying in
it's coincidence I don't think he's
crazy and I don't think he's stupid I
mean not that stupid
all right let's do another one uh George
soplos so he he's going to do the um
conversation with Biden I guess we'll
see it today and uh he is
presumably gonna give a Lifeline to
Biden if he can um as uh I think Ari fer
was pointing out he says uh it's amazing
to think Joe Biden's fate is in the
hands of Bill Clinton's former
communications director George uh
stas in 1992 George helped save Clinton
from a bimbo eruption what will he do
now for Biden save him or end him it's
possible that uh Stephanopoulos is being
sent to end him because if the people
were really in power in the Democrat
side need to end him they would send
their
best and he would do it
now is George stop plus lying stupid
crazy or weak lying stupid crazy or
weak because I think he was one of the
people saying Biden's
fine what do you think I'm going to say
lying definitely not
stupid definitely not
crazy definitely not
weak just lying yeah that was
easy how about Morning Joe so apparently
uh Joe came back to work after his
scheduled vacation that apparently did
not involve his
wife okay that's
normal um and uh he took that scheduled
vacation somebody pointed out uh soon
after he uh disagreed with his wife on
air and told her to calm
down I guess that's what get you a
that'll get you a vacation without your
wife
if you'd like a vacation without your
wife just tell her to calm down that'll
get you a vacation without a wife maybe
forever so anyway Morning Joe comes back
and you probably saw his rant about F
you if you don't know that Biden is the
best Biden there's ever been and a few
days later the best Biden uh decomposed
in front of us that was the best Biden
now Morning Joe lie lying stupid crazy
or
weak lying stupid crazy or
weak for Morning Joe Morning Joe what do
you
say uh I'm going to
vote
um obviously
lying but it looks like there's some
mental health problems there yeah so I
would go with lying and
crazy uh he doesn't seem weak I mean if
you're weak you don't tell your wife to
calm down on national TV you might pay
for it but it wasn't weak you know his
his uh I mean his whole thing he's not
weak all right and he's not
stupid he's not stupid not even a little
bit so I'm going to go with lying and
crazy all right here's another one uh
Joy Reed did a uh video in which he said
um that it looks like Hitler is going to
be elected and it wasn't a joke she was
saying that um in a real way Trump is
Hitler is she lying stupid crazy or
weak um I'm going to say
crazy because she represented herself
crazy in other words she looked crazy
she had crazy eyes crazy crazy thoughts
um there might be some lying mixed in
but she's not
stupid and she's not weak she's
definitely not
weak and there's no evidence she's
stupid there's plenty of evidence that
she has a mental health problem and that
she's
lying what about Rachel
madow lying stupid crazy or
weak she's not she's not stupid she's
smarter than all of us put together all
right she's super smart she's not
weak cuz you know she's pushed through a
lot of things to be on TV but she does
admit to some mental health issues
depression but you can see more of that
in her face like I don't know what the
problem is and I do actually have some
empathy for it she looks like she's
tortured uh I would say mental health I
don't want to say crazy cuz that's you
know crazy what you say to somebody
who's not under therapy I'm pretty sure
she's getting professional help so I'm
going to I'm going to be more kind and
not say crazy I will say there's a
mental health issue that's
genuine and is
serious and I think we're all being sort
of influenced by a mental health issue
more than the news all right that's my
take now you can't know but keep in mind
we're not mind readers so we can't know
that our our conclusions are right here
we're just saying what it looks
like all right and I would say I think
that the
MSNBC has a duty to disclose their
mental health situation I mean that
literally and I'm not saying this about
CNN uh CNN has a bunch of people who say
things I don't like sometimes they're
they're a lot better they're moving
toward the middle but I don't see them
looking czy do you I don't see them
having mental health problems I see Jake
Tapper doing Jake Tapper I see Wolf
Blitzer doing Wolf Blitzer you know um
John King doing John King none of them
look crazy not even a little bit but as
soon as I turn on MSNBC it's not that
they're more striding about Trump it's
not really
that they actually honestly without any
spin or anything to me they represent as
really obviously mentally ill now here's
where I'm going to get a little mad at
the
media you can see it
too everybody can see it you can see it
years ago with
Biden and here it is are you going to
tell me you don't see it are you going
to tell me you watch Rachel madow and
Joy Reed and Joe Scarboro and you don't
see really really obvious mental illness
you don't see it
can you actually say that to me it's
screamingly obvious and here's how I
check myself the CNN I I don't see it in
other places it's very unique to their
situation and I think they need to
disclose whether they're under the care
of a
professional I would like to know if the
person who's telling me what my reality
is is capable of understanding
reality isn't that fair
I think they should tell us if they're
under the care of a professional you
know do you go to therapy and
why wouldn't you like to know that
because if they're telling you what is
real don't you want to know if they've
got a grasp on what's real and I think
they
don't to me it looks like they have
legitimate mental health problems which
by the way if if they were to cop to
them I would immediately change my tone
and I would just go to empathy and I
would say God I hope you I hope you take
care of that cuz that sounds terrible I
mean a mental health problem is just
it's like being in hell so I have full
empathy for whatever is going on um it's
just we need a little transparency here
I think it would be good for the
country all
right
um Olivia NY nuzi I don't know how to
say her name either um she talks about
the conspiracy of Silence to protect the
president she said in January I began
hearing similar stories from democratic
officials activists and donors who came
away from interactions with Biden
disturbed by what they had seen and she
said she's been writing about it for the
while and it made me wonder I don't
remember her talking about it but you
know maybe I don't see all the news so
that's not a surprise and I wonder
should you revise your entire
understanding of who to listen to in the
future I would say yes I would say
anybody who looked at Biden so obviously
declining and told you with a straight
face he's fine you should never listen
to them
again I would go further and say that
anybody who is an anti-biden person who
didn't also say and he's obviously
declining mentally if they did tell you
that directly you should maybe not take
them too seriously in the future
but I'd like to call out a couple of
people who for years have been saying
Biden's brain is fried right now you
know you know some of them and this is
not a complete list but Greg
gfel how long has Greg Greg Gutfeld been
telling you loudly in public on his
shows Biden's brain is not
there it's
obvious so the next time he tells you
I'm looking at something something and
they're lying to you and I'll tell you
what the truth is maybe you should
listen to
him maybe you should because he got that
right right how about Jesse Waters now
Jesse is one of my favorite TV
personalities because he knows when to
be tongue and cheek and when to present
a character just for fun and but he also
has lots of good serious um takes on
stuff there are some of the best you
sometimes don't notice that his takes
are among the best in the business
because he does the com thing that you
know overshadows it but he too could see
the decline right from the
start Dana Pino I'm sure same thing
right um so just just take a mental note
who who was calling this out years ago
and obviously I was as well and who was
telling you it was there's no problem
that's not fixable you can't fix that if
somebody lied to you about something so
obvious four years you should never
believe anything they say again never
that's not like being
wrong being wrong is forgivable we all
do
it but that wasn't being wrong that was
lying to you about something you could
see with your own eyes four
years so just make a mental note of who
got it right all right so now you watch
98% of journalists tell you that Biden
was fine even though obviously wasn't
true will that have any impact on the
people who say but 98% of scientists say
climate change is real it's a big
problem do you think it'll have any
impact do you think people will begin to
doubt at all what everybody tells
them I think they're going to say oh but
you're talking about journalists yeah of
course journalists can be wrong but not
scientists not scientists no one of the
things we've learned is that you can't
trust anybody who gets a paycheck that
depends on their
opinion that's the one thing we've
learned the
journalists couldn't get paid if they
said Biden was declining because they
were part of a entity that wanted you
know a Democrat spin on their news so
the the reporters were not dumb and
stupid they knew exactly what they were
doing and they lied to the country while
we could see the truth right in front of
us and they never stopped until they had
to you know when he fell apart on the
debate now like I say scientists are not
journalists very different people but
the journalist knew the truth so in that
way it would be more like scientists
they weren't they weren't wrong they
knew the truth and they decided that
their paycheck depended and maybe their
personal politics depended on them not
telling you the truth so they lied
almost all of them on the left almost
all of them what do you think is
different about
scientists if a scientist depends on
agreeing with the narrative in order to
get a grant in order to get a job in
order to please their boss what would
you predict would happen it's exactly
the same as what happened with
journalists the science doesn't help
them are you going to say but but Scott
they're scientists and they care about
the truth that's exactly what your
 journalist would say we're
journalists our job is to tell you the
truth with no spin just like the
scientists unless our paycheck and our
lifestyle depends on it and then we're
going to say what the narrative tells
us well it turns out that there are
three papers recently Wide Awake media
is reporting on this on next um and uh
there are three new papers that are
peer-reviewed that uh collectively they
say that 40% of what we observe as a
heat increase is really the heat island
effect from thermometers being too near
uh cities that are building out in the
direction of where the thermometers were
in the first place 60% seems to match
perfectly solar
activity ouch
ouch
yikes now you're going to say to
yourself but but it's just three studies
there's still tons of studies that would
say climate change is
real
um
and so I um I wonder if the people who
believe the journalists whose job it is
to tell you the truth without the spin
will maybe come to doubt the scientists
whose job it is to tell you the truth
without the
spin do you see the pattern
yet all that matters is who gives them
the
paycheck that's the truth they will tell
you doesn't matter what their job is
doesn't matter if you're a journalist
doesn't matter if you're a scientist
doesn't matter if you're a
politician you're going to tell the
truth that your paycheck tells you to
tell and we see it
how about the
pandemic the pandemic was the clearest
case you've ever seen the experts just
caved they just caved what's the
narrative how do I get a paycheck okay
that's the
truth I think climate change is getting
ready to crumble and that would be the
ultimate third act for for Trump the
ultimate third act climate change is a
hoax
yeah that's the
ultimate and it's coming apparently it's
coming now again I would like to remind
you I'm not a climate experts and I
don't know if the climate is getting
warmer or not and if humans make a
difference I'm just telling you what the
science is saying and the there's some
Modern recent papers that debunk the
whole thing are they
right why would I say that the new ones
are right when I'm saying all the old
ones are wrong
because it agrees with me
right do your bias check on me you know
do use the tools I tell you to use on me
is it is it credible that there are
three new papers who agree with me so I
talk about them no you shouldn't take
them as true because I'm talking about
them or because they agree with me or
because they agree with you if you
didn't believe the 10,000 papers that
said climate change was real are you
just going to automatically believe this
believe the three that say they're not
there's not it's a little too early to
celebrate if if that's what the way it's
going but I do observe that we didn't
see three papers debunking climate
change that were peer-reviewed and
there's no mo there's no major push back
in other words what you're not seeing
the dog not barking is people saying
look at the terrible quality of these
three papers how could you believe this
look at the mistakes they made look at
the bad
data it might happen and if you see that
push back you should take it seriously
all right you got to see both sides
don't do the documentary effect where
you see a documentary and then you think
you know everything you got to see the
documentary that says that one's wrong
and then maybe you can triangulate on
the truth but don't get too cocky just
because some papers agreed with you all
right
um Peter Hassan
uh has a good take on what kamla is
going to have to answer she's going to
if she becomes the top of the ticket
which I believe she is already
essentially so uh she's going to have to
answer the question when she knew the
president wasn't up to the
job what she did about
it and why she repeatedly told us that
he was
fine yes Peter Hanan those are exactly
the right
questions if she can't answer those
questions could you trust her with the
nuclear
codes those are really really good
questions I've often thought that the
public should be more involved in coming
up with good
questions uh often you see the media
doing their interviews and you say oh
you didn't ask the right question there
there should be some kind of like
website or something where people you
know compete for the best question and
then if you're a journalist you know you
check it in the morning say all right
what do people want to know oh shoot
they're all asking why didn't kamla tell
us earlier that's a good question I'll
ask that question so I think the media
actually could use a boost and you've
seen me do it a bunch of times you know
on on my live streams I'll say here's a
question that should be asked usually it
doesn't get asked but but you can see
that if you could help the media ask the
right
question I feel like that would drive us
a little bit closer to the
truth all right as uh Jeff Clark who's a
great follow on uh on X he was one of
the Trump related attorneys who got in
trouble and now he's just gone nuclear
with his opinions in a real productive
way because he has excellent opinions
and insights on stuff but he says here's
how you know we have a controlled media
so he says there's NBC CBS ABC CNN
Washington Post New York Times PBS I
could go on all of these
ostensibly uh ostensible competitors
emphasis on the word ostensible he says
for in a truly competitive market one or
more of them would have said Joe Biden
has
dementia if they were
competing and they all knew what the
truth was and their businesses to tell
you the truth
one of them would try to make money by
telling you the truth because that's
their business model isn't it it isn't
telling you accurate truthful things
that turn out to check out later that's
what makes you money if you're in the
news business well
clearly they do not operate like a news
business they operate operate like a
cartel and that's no longer in doubt it
is pure cartel Behavior there's nothing
like a competitor environment now that's
why Roger alses was so brilliant when he
said all we need to do is show a show
that's not part of the cartel and you're
going to have like half of the country
watching it because it's so obvious that
the cartel is you know not giving you
news um and sure enough that's why Fox
News is the number one entity it's it's
not because most people agree with it
it's because they even get more
Democrats watching Fox News than a lot
of the you know left leaning news
because it's the only place you can see
an alternative story you know true or
false it's the alternative
story all
right
um so Mark Levin sums it up on X he said
the same media that told us Biden didn't
have dementia now tell us Harris isn't
stupid that's you couldn't sum it up
better than that by the way I tell you
all the time that the difference between
humor and an accurate summary is very
small here's a perfect so lein is giving
you an accurate summary there's nothing
to lie about there's there's nothing to
question the media did tell us Biden
didn't have dementia and they are in
fact telling us that Harris isn't stupid
and we can clearly see that neither of
those are true so he's simply
summarizing the existing situation with
nothing added and it makes you laugh
you see what I mean an accurate
summary is what a joke is humor is an
accurate summary of reality and and uh
Mark Levin obviously knows that so I
would like to add one more thing to the
obvious
level
people it's not obvious that she's drunk
in
public I'm not the only one noticing
that are we going to just have a repeat
in four years where the where the Press
is going to say you know we s drinking
your lunch all the time we saw her
acting like she doesn't act when she's
not drunk in public yeah she was drunk
as hell am I supposed to not notice that
she acts exactly like a drunk person but
not all the time which is exactly the
tell for a drunk person if somebody if
she act like this all the time then I'd
say oh oh that's maybe just how she acts
because she probably wouldn't be drunk
all the time but you see those laughing
things and the the weird things she says
every now and then those are clearly
drunk do you agree now you could you
could say it's some other form of
inebriation but I'll just use drunk to
handle the other forms as well probably
alcohol my guess is alcohol it looks
like alcohol so how many of you would
agree because because to me it's
screamingly obvious that she's drunk in
public on a regular basis do you
disagree I'm looking at the comments
because I don't know if you
do do you agree that you know some of it
is just who she is but a lot of it is
just obviously drunk and they're just
not telling us you think you think the
Press doesn't know that she's drinking
your
lunch of course they know of course they
know they're doing it to you again and
um
much as I love Mark livin's
summary I think it I think he buried the
lead the lead is
drunk that's the
lead if you don't deal with that
question and deal with it seriously
you're going to have a drunk
president and that's a pretty big
contrast to somebody who has never had a
sip of alcohol running against you I
it's a big contrast now I don't think
that Trump can say she's drunk you maybe
you could say she looks drunk but that
would be a little too far you know
beyond what is a proven thing it's not
proven I just think it's
obvious right anyway I guess we'll keep
ignoring that um here's what I think I
think America is now experiencing a form
of massive Gelman Amnesia I talk about
this a lot because if you don't
understand what this is the whole world
is confusing so Gilman was the name of a
famous physicist you most you heard this
before who noticed that when he read a
story about physics his own expertise he
knew it was
 but when he read the very next
story about anything else he just
assumed it was true and then one day
after seeing this pattern re reoccur
that the physics stories were always
wrong but he thought everything else was
right being the smart physicist that he
was he said wait a minute isn't it
slight more likely that all of the news
is wrong all the time and I only notice
it when it's my own area of
expertise and that's exactly what's
happening the news is pretty much fake
all the time when it's the big
geopolitical stuff it's not fake when it
says there's a hurricane right hurricane
is real it's not fake when it says
somebody died they died but it's fake
when they put this spin on it the
narrative that sort of stuff so here's
what's
happening um to the entire
country
so we have this situation where
Democrats now know completely with
certainty regular Democrat voters they
know with certainty that the entire
media lied to them about a critical
critical thing and they know it wasn't a
mistake that's important they know it
wasn't a mistake they know they were
lied to for years by their trusted media
will the Gilman approach kick in and
make all the Democrats think well that
was just that one
story because that what that's what G
Manisha would be it's like well okay I
guess I got that one thing wrong but
this other story is real will they or
will it cure them will it cure them like
like G man cured himself which is
noticing the pattern wait whenever I can
know for sure what the truth is such as
watching the debate then you can know
for sure what the truth was it doesn't
match what I was
told how often is that going to happen
how often am I going to
notice that I can see with my own eyes
that what they're telling me is not real
how many times do you notice that before
you realize that's the normal it's not
the exception that's everything all the
time if it's
important if it's important there's
somebody with money who's going to make
you lie about it might be your boss
might be your advertisers but if it's
important somebody with a lot of money
is going to force you to lie about it
that's the reality that we live
in and tomorrow they're going to wake up
and they're going to see their story
about 97% of scientists saying climate
change is real and they're going to
 say that's probably true look at
all those people on the same
side Gilman amnesia
in in in uh the biggest possible
sense well let's see
um uh Molly Hemingway is pointing us at
Peter Baker who's the New York Times
chief White House correspondent and uh
Peter baker said
this he said uh one party has a
candidate who is really old and showing
it the other has a candidate who is a
convicted felon uh a Jud ated sexual
abuser a business fraudster and
self-described aspiring dictator for a
day and also really old one party wants
to replace its candidate the other does
not Molly
Hemingway had this comment about that
comment she said I wonder what the New
York Times chief White House
correspondent Peter Baker's personal
politics are there's simply no way you
can tell from his reporting or tweeting
oh wait it's all propaganda all the way
down is it well let's look at his claims
do you think he would make any claims
that are obviously a lie like just
obviously well let's see he said uh one
is a convicted
felon that's not true because until the
judge certifies it it's not a convicted
felon and given recent changes it's
unlikely or at least it's a coin flip
whether will ever happen he's not a
convicted felon and you're the chief and
but the
uh Chief way House correspondent for the
paper of record just said he
was and yet it's factually easily
determined to be not true you don't have
to be a news person or a scientist just
Google it is is he technically a felon
or does something else have to happen
before he would be you can find out for
yourself it's just not true how about
he's an educated sexual abuser huh
adjudicated why why would you say he's
an adjudicated sexual abuser why
wouldn't you say sexual abuser why
because the case was a Civil Trial not a
not a criminal and the claimant is not
credible in my opinion and lots of other
people's opinions so we don't actually
know if he sexually abused anybody and
honestly it sounds pretty unlikely to me
the the specific claim so he has to say
it's adjudicated which means that a was
it a New York
jury found him guilty so in other words
people who don't like Trump in the
unfriendliest Trump Place decided it was
slightly more true that this woman was
telling the truth and therefore he had
to pay some money so the New York Times
instead of saying it's a it's a he said
she said
situation they say he's a adjudicated
sexual abuser because if you don't know
the story you'd say oh I guess the
evidence showed in a criminal case that
he's a criminal abuser nope nope that's
a claim with a very low level of
credibility doesn't mean it's fake but
if you're a journalist and you act like
it's
credible that's not true and remember
credible doesn't mean true or not true
it just means on the surface is this
something you would
trust they say he's a business
fraudster was that because of the belief
that he exaggerated his assets exactly
the way everybody does in that business
and the bank didn't care and they knew
it was an exaggeration because everybody
exaggerates so they checked themselves
as they always do so there was no fraud
whatsoever and they'd be happy to work
with him or was he talking about Trump
University
which was definitely a sketchy
situation but where's the reporting on
how much Trump knew do you think Trump
was getting into the details of trump
University do you think he looked at the
documents and talked to the people who
took the course I doubt it the only
thing we know for sure is that he owned
something that went
bad he didn't manage
it he he wasn't in charge that was
somebody he worked with so yes he he has
to take the for getting into business
with somebody who didn't do a good job
he has about 400
businesses some of them go
bad but you wouldn't see that context
and uh the uh chief White House
correspondent for the New York Times
says that he's a self-described aspiring
dictator for a
day you don't think that you have some
responsibility to your readers to say
that the self-described aspiring
dictator for a day was not at all
serious and no serious person could
think it was serious but here it is in
the New York Times uh is I mean it's
coming from a New York Times
person that's the sort of thing that
people who read the New York Times think
is true imagine just imagine if the New
York Times were your main source of news
just imagine how how confused you'd be
about everything
anyway
um so over in Great Britain uh I think
the labor party had a big win in their
election that's still correct right I
saw the early reporting last night so
the labor party got the big
win
and I said to myself oh so you mean that
Great Britain actually voted to destroy
itself cuz I couldn't understand how the
labor party that I thought was left
leaning would be an upgrade to the
problems that are destroying their
country to me it looked like it would
accelerate the destruction of the
country I don't know because I don't
follow politics at all in in Great
Britain so I don't really know what's
going on so I you know posted did Great
Britain just vote on July 4th ironically
to destroy their
country I think he had a couple of
million views cuz people were weighing
in and some people who live there were
trying to explain to me how this
works I don't understand it but
apparently the conservative
party was not doing the job so they
voted in the party that has the opposite
opinions of what they
want because they think that will
somehow destroy
it and then everything will be destroyed
and then they'd have some chance of
building back something that
works now that sounds bad crazy to
me or poorly explained so that maybe the
problems on my
end but is something like that happening
is there some kind of weird thing where
Britain is trying to destroy their own
system the voters are because it's all
broken is that a real thing that's
happening they're they're literally
trying to vote for the wrong team to
destroy the system
I I I don't know don't don't believe
anything I said about this because none
of it makes sense to me I guess Nigel
frage got a
seat yeah now it does have something to
do with you know who gets to team up
with
who I'm lost I mean I have no idea what
they're doing over there but if somebody
can explain it to me in simple terms i'
love
it rasmuson says that uh 48% of democrat
voters um or at least somewhat agree
that Biden should step aside so almost
half of Democrats think he should step
aside and um of course you know 62% of
Republicans 62% of
Republicans if you have to if you ever
wondered do republ Republicans lie to
pollsters you don't have to wonder
anymore you really think that 38% of
Republicans think that Biden is capable
of doing the
job no no they lied because they want to
keep him in because he's easy to beat
they they want the polls to say oh yeah
oh yeah you should probably keep him in
he looks pretty I don't see a problem
what problem cognitive decline I don't
even know what you're talking about I
don't see a cognitive decline keep him
in there keep him in there he's going to
he's the only one who ever beat Trump so
he's really your best bet he's the only
one who ever beat Trump that makes
perfect sense it's logical it's
logical you know just because he doesn't
have a brain anymore doesn't mean he
can't beat Trump again be
logical all right uh so I I love the
fact that Republicans are so devious
they they just freaking lied to
pollsters whenever it's a Strategic
Benefit they just lie which to me is
funny all right here's a test how many
people ped think Biden won the
debate how many people pulled think
Biden won the
debate you know oh you know you know
22% yeah
22% boy I'd hate to meet that
22% anyway so there's
a other polling New York Times poll that
says that Trump got a big bump uh from
men so uh likely male
voters
um at least the Young men especially the
young men with no College uh big
increase moving toward uh almost doubled
moving toward Trump now who's the first
person in the public domain who told you
that Democrats are the party of women
and that there would be a mass Exodus of
men away from
it I think it was me I think I'm the
first person to tell you and I started
saying it in maybe 2016
the the Hillary Clinton effect you know
I it looked to me Permanent and to me it
looked like it would just drive men away
until it was nothing but women and and
weak men which is basically what's
happening so here's my take I I I agree
with James Carville the party of preachy
women that's what he says preachy women
James Carville says is driving Menor
Trump and record numbers but I think
that what's happening is that uh
politics and L logic have failed at
every
level in a normal world you make
decisions by politics and argument and
logic in a perfect world but that that
world doesn't exist we've seen that
politics has completely failed because
the entire media was lying to us about
the most basic thing does his brain work
if the media is lying to you about the
most basic things and you depend on a
well-informed voters to make the system
work you can conclude that politics is
completely broken and I don't see a
quick fix so if politics is completely
broken you know the part where you get
information and make good
decisions and logic and reason have been
thrown out the door because we're just
being gaslighted about what we see isn't
real what do you do the if you were
going to see that on paper like if
somebody described that to you and you
were just an alien trying to decide what
would happen next you'd probably say if
you knew what humans are that we would
revert to a biological truth so if you
take away our let's say our uh higher
level thinking all right we're going to
use some logic we're going to do a
little AB testing if you take that all
away you get down to just biological
urge and that's where we are and that's
the basis for my prediction that once
politics is completely debunked as it is
now that people would act
biologically and men have a biological
instinct to seek what I call the
Fortress
personality that's Trump he's like a
fortress as a
personality meaning that he's the
strongest male player in a situation
that looks
perilous the strongest male player in a
situ sitation that looks perilous will
be a magnet for strong
men CU strong men will sense the
fight you can feel it there's a fight
coming might be physical hope it isn't
but you can feel the fight and when you
feel the fight you put down your video
games you put down your
toys and you find the strongest leader
CU it's time to
fight men are leaving the Democrat Party
because they need a champion and there's
only one there's only one strong male
who says here are our problems I'm going
to go like hell at them like I'm going
to attack the Border problem I'm going
to solve your war with
Ukraine I'm going to save you
economically and biologically men can't
resist that we we are pack animals and
we like leaders and by the way if there
is no leader one of us will step up we
like it when there's a better leader
than us most of the time but if there is
none we step up we'll do it right it's
just
biological so women are in their own
world they've got their own concerns I
can't say that I understand them
completely I can see why they're you
know afraid of trump if they've listened
to their own news I mean if they believe
their own news you can see why women
would be afraid of trump right but the
problem is they believe their own news
now that the news is completely debunked
in my opinion I think young men and non-
colge educated men that and the numbers
are backing it up are just going to
start flocking to what is real and what
is strong and what could potentially
save us from complete destruction I
don't know that women have the same
Instinct I don't know I don't think so I
think women are built for empathy and
you know doing the things that women are
uniquely qualified to do and I think men
are built to fight we're bu we're built
to defend we're built we're built to
kill stuff when it needs to be killed so
you're seeing uh a complete abandonment
of that higher level thinking among
young men and they're just moving toward
power just moving toward power you don't
have to be afraid of
it because it's a it's a good Force
it's a force against it's a
force against evil it's a force against
everything
stupid and it's
happening and I'm going to go further
into the provocative and I don't think
America can recover until
men stop giving a about the
opinions of bad crazy
women you should definitely care about
the opinions of women who were not crazy
there are a lot of Republican women for
example perfectly normal people you
should listen to them they're on your
side they're siding with the men so of
course you should listen to them so it's
not about women it's about bad
crazy women now of course because we
live in a terrible terrible world if I'm
quoted on this it will be quoted as I'm
talking bad about women right
because the the idiots the
idiots will say ah he hates all women
don't listen to that guy but I think you
know how this is played now right you
can't tell the truth without getting
cancelled but too bad you
already canceled me I can tell the truth
the problem in the United States is bat
 crazy women and men who
won't tell them they're bat
crazy Rachel M you're crazy
you're bat crazy I don't want to
listen to you Joy Reed you're
crazy you're Bas you crazy I don't want
to listen to you Molly Hemingway you're
awesome one of the smartest people I
know if you got something that sounds
like a good idea I'm listening to you
listening to you big time absolutely
Dana Pino you got some good ideas I
going listen to you totally listen to
you it's not about women it's about
batshit crazy
women and if you can't make that
distinction and you can't say it out
loud you're the whole country's
 you got to call out the batshit
crazy women now I know what you're going
to say you're going to say but but but
what about the men because there are
lots of democrat men not really not
really all all these smart Democrat men
have already capitulated they've already
said we don't have a
candidate right it's only the the weak
feminine men who are still siding with
the bashit crazy people CU they're too
weak they they don't have break free and
it will take the young men who don't
give a to break free until the
Republican party is just so dominant
that they can get what they want so
Basia crazy women you're giving all of
your power away you just don't know it
uh because you've jumped the shark
everybody can see it now it's completely
transparent the entire media landscape
and the Democrats were all lying to you
about everything and it's all out there
now uh but here's the thing we should
all try to avoid and I'm going to try to
avoid this in my ongoing conversations
with Michael Ian Black who I'm finding
amazingly Brave and flexible in his
thinking if you don't agree with that
I'll make you agree well I'll work on
you there there's something amazingly
productive happening um about my
conversation with him both public and
private uh he's you know very firmly in
the Democrat preference camp but not
crazy not stupid not crazy and not lying
none of those things he actually has
just been getting different news in the
yor and as he shares his news with me
and I find out holy I've been lied
to um these revisions of the employment
numbers they go both ways I didn't know
that I thought they almost always went
in one way he corrected me now as long
as I'm willing to be corrected and do it
publicly you know take my take my shame
he's he did it too you saw during
actually he led he led this he was more
of the leader so during the debate when
the fine people hoax came up he debunked
it because I provided and you had
provided some new information that he
just hadn't seen and with the new
information he modified his opinion
didn't change his preference for who was
president but he understood that the
major hoax was a hoax and he called it
out publicly to his credit so somebody
asked me earlier why do I keep saying
he's Brave you couldn't do
that try try publicly saying the
something that you'd believe for a long
time was completely wrong that's not
easy that's not easy do you know how
much mocking he got for for saying I
just figured that out well it should be
the same amount you should give me for
just figuring out that those uh those
employment numbers can go both ways in
the
adjustments yeah we we deserve you're a
little bit of mocking but we can take it
apparently apparently we're both able to
take it so then it could be productive
because we can take the take the
embarrassment so uh props to uh Michael
but here's something that he and I both
need to be better at which is
uh assuming that the worst 5% on each
side represent the rest of
them all right the the worst 5% of
Republicans and conservatives are
terrible people the worst 5% of
Democrats are terrible
people can we agree on
that in fact I see the worst 5% of both
sides as basically the same people like
the the words are a little different but
they're the same
people right they're not they're not the
people you should be listening to
whether it's left or right but we both
he and I both have a little bit too much
habit of feeling the generalization from
the worst 5% so I'm going to try to
break that um might be hard that ladies
and gentlemen is all I wanted to tell
you about the news today what a day tons
of stuff happening um ran really long
and I apologize for that but it was
worth it it was so good and uh people on
locals I'm going to talk to you
privately for just a minute but the rest
of you on Rumble and uh YouTube and X
thanks for
joining
e
e
e e