bump bump bump bump bump bump up um hey
everybody are you all watching the Peter
struck testimony that is coming back
after the first session they had a break
I guess they're getting ready to start
again if they haven't already and I
wanted to talk about a few initial
things that have happened I'd like you
to think back those of you who have been
following my periscopes for a long time
- what was the first thing that I said
when the struck Lisa page text messages
became public the first thing I said is
you're gonna have to wait to hear his
side because otherwise you don't know
anything and it's too easy to hear one
side and say well I know everything I
need and you know therefore this guy
must be pretty guilty I don't have an
opinion whether he's guilty or not
guilty of doing anything biased or
unbiased or illegal or legal so I don't
have an opinion on that I just want to
talk about some of the details that came
out so apparently one of the big
questions was about the text exchange
between struck and page in which Lisa
page said essentially he's not going to
become president is he now this is
during the campaign all right this is
not after the election this is the
summer of the campaign and Lisa page
said he's not going to ever become
president is he and struck replied no
we'll stop it and his his context was
that it was after the the the alleged
insult of a gold star family which you
know that's the question by itself but
let's say he took it as an insult and
get rid of that oh I've got more more
people who can't so if you're seeing
some bad people go by their unblockable
for some reason they have
kind of a technology or technique to
make them unblockable so here's the
thing his explanation of it is that when
he said we'll stop it meaning the
election of President Trump that he was
talking about voters the public now
here's the question is it credible is
his explanation that he meant the voters
will stop it versus that he and Lisa
page and insiders will stop it
is it credible yes it is a hundred
percent credible I know you don't want
to hear it but I'm not going to be the
guy who just agrees with you because you
want to hear that all right now when I
say credible I don't mean necessarily
true because you know we weren't there
we can't really know what he was
thinking we're not mind reader's but it
is is it a credible explanation that he
was talking about the public and the
voters versus personally doing something
100% credible which is not to say it's
true here's why it's credible if you
have two competing theories one of them
is completely ordinary and one of them
is fantastical which one is more
credible let's say there are two
explanations that would explain the same
set of facts but one explanation is just
normal it's just normal things that
normal people do and the other one is
like unbelievable which one of those is
credible well the normal one so his
explanation is presumably I and I think
this is a fair assumption
he watches CNN he's sort of buying into
the the anti-trump part of the media if
all you watched was the anti-trump media
the CNN Z MSNBC's and the
at times the washington post if that was
what you were consuming is it reasonable
and normal to say we meaning the
majority of the public yes it is it's
completely reasonable because people who
watch just one side of the media tend to
think that's sort of the majority
opinion keep in mind that the assumption
was that Hillary would clearly win the
election because the majority of the
public was going to vote her in so in
that context we being the voters a
totally normal thing to say for someone
who's a CNN consumer and you know that
type of information look at the other
explanation that he was secretly
plotting and overthrow of the government
it's possible right I'm not telling you
what's true and I'm not telling you
what's not true that I I can't know but
one of those stories is fantastical a a
plot to overthrow the government and the
other one is i watch television i watch
CNN yeah we'll stop it we the voters
will stop it completely normal so you're
gonna want to disagree with me because
you think the facts are different but
I'm not talking about the facts because
we can't know what he was thinking
there's no way we'll ever know that fact
I think but we can know whether his
story is credible and his story is
completely credible now what did trey
gowdy and I saw somebody on facts of Fox
News saying the same thing they said his
story is not credible because he used
his official FBI device for this
conversation as if that matters how in
the world does it matter what device he
used to send this personal message it
doesn't matter but you can see the side
that wants him to be clearly guilty
seizing on the device he use all wait
that was a personal conversation how can
you have a personal conversation on a
FBI official
well let me ask you how many of you have
ever used your work email to send a
personal message all of you all of you
probably you know something like a
hundred percent of you have used your
work email to send a personal message
against company policy probably you know
some might have a different policy when
I worked for the phone company
we were not allowed to use our official
email for personal reasons
did I use it anyway for personal reasons
of course I did
everybody did do you know why we all use
our official email for personal business
because it was easy and we didn't think
we'd get in trouble and I didn't get in
trouble so I was right it was just
easier I didn't have a personal email or
or I might have been in the office and I
was already logged into my my business
one so I used it now if you work for the
FBI one assumes there's a higher
standard but if you're telling me that
every person in the FBI wasn't also
sending private messages on their texts
you are not a credible participant
sending personal messages on your work
device is the most normal ordinary thing
in the world it's probably pretty close
to universal you know who else was doing
that everybody all right so those are my
first two hot takes the wheel stop it
said before the election could easily
and normally be talking about the voters
about the country we the country and
using the his work device just doesn't
mean anything it just means it was
convenient
people do convenient things there's no
no information you've learned nothing if
somebody does what's convenient all
right I'm going to take a shower in a
minute
does it mean anything no it's what I
always do about this time of day it
means nothing all right
to be clear
I'm not defending Peter struck from
anything he did or did not do because I
I don't know you know I don't have
enough information but his explanation
true or untrue is completely credible
now you shouldn't be surprised that
somebody with his experience could have
a defense that sounds credible
even if he's guilty right he has the
skill he has the experience to present a
completely credible defense even if it's
not true
so that's my point for now and I've got
to go do some other things
bye for now