stock market's down a little bit Tesla's
down a little bit Nidia is down
bitcoin's up a little
bit all right well anything could happen
today let's get our comments going and
then I'm going to give you the reframe
of
reframes I'm going to change forever how
you see Democrats and
Republicans do you do you accept the
challenge accept the challenge
the greatest reframe you've ever seen is
coming at you
today all
[Music]
right good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to experience a higher level
of happiness than even before well all
you need is a c muger a glass a tank or
chells a sign a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel
pleasure dopamine end of the day the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and
it's going to happen right now
go
satisfying so good
well Microsoft has made a big and
important announcement they've developed
a a Quantum
Computing thing called the uh majorana
one it's the first Quantum Processing
Unit that's built on a topological core
whoa whoa it's the first Quantum
Processing Unit built on a topological
core well now everything makes sense
can we all admit we don't know a damn
thing about Quantum Computing we don't
know what difference it's going to make
except maybe your encryptions will all
be at risk it's not going to replace
your laptop computer or your phone
because it doesn't do sort of general
computing do we even care and it's
always a few years away like the chip is
not the thing that ah we got this magic
chip in the news is all AB Buzz
but it's still years
away the claim is that now those years
of work are more it's more clear and
obvious path so we're definitely going
to get to Quantum Computing and it's
just it's only just years away it's just
years away so at about the same time as
Fusion which by the way is years away
it's just years away any year now it's
going to with the flying car so we'll
get the flying car of the fusion and the
quantum Computing I think exactly in the
same day that's my
prediction uh well today is uh show us
the cash day cash Patel will get his
vote we'll see if he makes it to be the
head of the FBI and the question I have
is do you suppose that like the rest of
the big Administration uh nominees that
cash will have some dramatic and
notable first day rules do you think
something big is going to happen in the
next say 48 hours I'm assuming he gets
the vote we think that's he's going to
get through right if he gets
through what does he have planned for
the first day I I'm going to make a
prediction aside from the normal firings
you know there seems like there's always
firings but I think he's going to
announce an investigation
into something that had not yet been
investigated that we all wish had been
investigated I'm going to I'm going to
predict there will be a crowd
pleaser so that at least one thing that
cash Patel says within the next seven
days assuming he gets if he gets the
vote something he's going to say in the
next seven days will make you go whoa I
always wish that would happen but I
never thought it would so that's that's
my
prediction meanwhile grock the
AI from X is the number one downloaded
app at the moment and that's even as
Elon says before the voice mode the
thing that allows you just have a
conversation with it that's before
that's even in the app but that's coming
real soon and some other cool
features
so will Elon Musk have the greatest Ai
and will it remain the greatest AI
there's a pretty good AR argument that
that's the way it's going to go because
if creating the best intelligent app
requires creating the fastest and
biggest and best
infrastructure who is better at creating
the best and fastest and best
infrastructure it's sort of nobody's
it's not even the second place so in
theory if you're going to predict which
AI becomes dominant and stays that way
it would be the one that's being
supported by the person who can build a
data center in in an hour and a half
that's not true but things that other
people just can't do infrastructure and
Manufacturing wise so that's
impressive meanwhile uh Lindsey Graham
had a conversation with
zalinski and and zalinsky is uh happy
about that he says we greatly appreciate
the bamal and bipartisan support of the
US Congressman it's funny that he's
talking about Instagram and he said byy
twice by coll and bipartisan is there
any other I don't know he might have
left that one but he says uh the
Ukrainian people are very very happy
about it and want to fight against what
they call the Russian
aggression and he says Senator Graham is
being constructive doing a lot to help
peace closer and the way he's doing that
is trying to make sure that we give them
more
money so Lindsey Graham is trying to
make the world a safer place by giving
your money to somebody
else has that worked before is giving
our money away the way we stay
safe I don't know I'd like to see the
data on that but uh this of course would
be directly in conflict with President
Trump's negotiating tactic which is to
put maximum pressure on both sides at
the same time now the maximum pressure
on Russia is going to look the same as
the maximum pressure on Ukraine because
zinsky is a different character than
Putin and you know we don't need to go
into the why that's true uh Trump is
stomping on zelinsky's credibility and
him as a leader and essentially
basically treating him like he's not the
one in charge probably is exactly the
right approach for zalinski and for
Ukraine at the moment whereas if he did
the same thing with Putin it would make
make things worse so Putin has real
power and a real army and nobody's
pulling his puppet strings so with Putin
you got to treat him like he's your peer
he's awesome and at the same time
threaten him privately so what you
should expect if Trump is doing
everything he everything right and so
far it looks like he does he would
privately threaten Putin but also so
privately you know there'd be a carrot
as well as a stick the carrot would be
you know if you decide to be more like
our Ally than our
adversary that would be a good world for
both of us whatever that looks like so I
think that's the carrot you know China
is your biggest threat in the long term
so in the long term you want to be on
our side because we're natural allies by
the way I've been saying this for
years that Russia and the United States
are quote natural
allies and that's thing that you can't
fight against if somebody's a natural
adversary I would say let's say Al-Qaeda
and
Israel that's not going to get fixed
those are natural adversaries there's
nothing you can do about that they're
not going to make peace right but in
some cases you just have more in common
in the long term than with some groups
than others and I think Russia is far
more likely to be our adver
AR far more likely to be on the same
side with some of the big issues than on
the other side and it would be better
for both of us we just being at War even
if it's like the silent secret you know
covert war with Russia is not buying us
a
lot so I I understand we would we don't
want them to be economically dominant or
control energy in Europe or any of that
and I think we can make sure that
doesn't happen
so I do expect lots of pressure on both
Ukraine and pu and Putin if Trump's
doing his job right which I expect but
what is Lindsay Graham doing it's like
he's working against that because even
if you think Ukraine does deserve some
funding you know just to survive while
we do the
negotiating it's not really super good
that he's going public with it and
zinski is you know happy that he's
getting money at the same time that
Trump's trying to pressure everybody to
make something happen so I've got a lot
of questions about Lindsey Graham's
activity in this it doesn't look like it
was designed to help I don't know what
it was designed
for as you know there is a suggestion
given to Elon Musk and Doge that maybe
some of that Doge savings should be
returned to voters now of course that
that raises the question uh
isn't the whole point to reduce our debt
if you start returning it to voters yeah
it might stimulate the economy and that
might create some extra tax revenue but
that sort of thing typically doesn't
create as much tax revenue as it
costs
so does it ever make sense that Doge
gives any money back to the public given
that paying off the debt would be the
way to give money back to the public
you know that would be the best thing
for the public and the answer is it kind
of depends because these big things like
Doge are not just technical things or
math it it's not just true false it's
also about how people feel about it if
people don't feel good about the Doge
thing and maybe they don't understand it
and they're reading the wrong news
sources and stuff then they might try to
kill it and maybe there's an
Administration after these four years
that really needs to you know finish the
job and you let let's say it's JD Vance
or anybody with that that
leaning um you don't want the public to
turn on the idea of making the
government more efficient so suppose you
bribe the public and you said look
public I know you don't follow the news
I know you don't know exactly whether
it's a good idea or a bad idea to do
these aggressive Cuts I know you have
many questions but what if you got a
check what if he got a check for $5,000
just as an example well suddenly that
would make everybody think why don't I
just shut up about this I just got a
check or I might get a check so this is
one of those rare
situations where typically I would just
say no the whole point of it is to pay
off the debt I don't want to hear
anything else if it's not about paying
paying down the deficit or the debt
don't even break it
up but if the only way you could get
there is with massive support of the
public because remember doge is going
after the loow hanging fruit first when
they start getting into the tougher
stuff and the bigger cuts which I hope
aree they're going to need massive
public
support would it make sense and one of
the ideas now that's being floated is
that 20% of all the do
savings would become a check that goes
to the public that doesn't make any
sense
economically so I don't support it
economically but as a way to keep Doge
popular so that it has the right amount
of support and it's got the right just
the right framing it just comes as a
positive thing it might make sense so
I'm going to say I'm solidly on the
fence meaning that I don't know if we
can tell if getting more support for
doge is the most important thing worth
20% of all the money we might
save um and a stimulus is always a good
idea stimulus is never a bad idea but
this one's tough I I would say there's
no obvious right answer on this so
either way it goes I'm inclined to say
let's see how it plays out but once
they've raised the
possibility it's going to be a little
hard to say it's never going to
happen I I've got a feeling they might
kick it down the uh Kick the Can down
the road and say if we find a
trillion well we'll return x
amount and then we'll see if they find a
trillion so we'll see it's not a
terrible idea it's just hard to predict
how that goes so if you think of it as a
psychological thing and not an economic
thing it makes more sense
well Trump is the ultimate showman and
he likes to tease about what's coming
with
Doge he said quote some of the things I
don't want to discuss they are very very
embarrassing to people but you will be
seeing and reading about it very
soon okay
so um I love that Trump is teasing that
there's going to be something
entertaining to come and it's like you
know very very bad and you know scaring
people who know the they're being looked
looked
into but here's an example that the Free
Beacon um reported on Libs of Tik Tock
is talking about this on
a so here's what the free bacon found
that uh there were $2 billion in
taxpayer dollars that went to a uh brand
new
nonprofit called power forward
communities now if you notice that all
these non-government nonprofit
organizations have names like that they
all have names like the the power
forward communities or the I'm just
making these up but the Democratic
Freedom organization they all have these
generic American sounding names so you
can't tell one from the other and there
are thousands of them so the first thing
you need to know is I think they're
intentionally confusing so that they can
hide among all the other money
laundering entities allegedly money
laundering anyway so there's this brand
new little
nonprofit uh with a generic name like
the rest of them uh that has what they
call close ties to Democrat Stacy Abrams
oh well there's nothing wrong with that
right if she's got a a good and useful
charity and she's got uh wants to do
some good work and maybe she has a
little track record you know she's done
it before or the group that she's
backing has done it before this could be
a good thing $2 billion put into the
right charity that could really help the
country let's see what else we know
about it oh it was only a few months old
and it had $100 in the bank well that's
pretty good it went from having $100 and
never having done anything to receiving
$2 billion in
2024 is that
illegal to have no experience no track
record
and no money and the government gives
you $2
billion it's probably not
illegal but let's find out what else is
going you know suppose they still just
did something good with it well that
would be illegal it might be something
you wouldn't do but not
illegal so see what kind of good things
they're up to uh on their website uh
they listed Partnerships with two other
nonprofits well this is good so they're
not operating alone like some little you
know criminal organization they're
they're tied to other nonprofits so that
makes you feel more comfortable right
because they have connections to other
nonprofits yeah so let's see those other
nonprofits they were both founded by Oh
Stacy
Abrams so Stacy Abrams got $2 billion
for a brand new nonprofit they had only
$100 before that but it's connected with
two other nonprofit profits that she
also founded now what would be the
purpose of having interconnected
organizations let's say I remember
Hunter Biden had lots of shell companies
and I remember it was at FR East the uh
ex mobster who used to do uh crime for a
living who explained that the one and
only reason you have all these in
interconnected entities is for
fraud so you can move money around and
it's hard to know why anything went
anywhere so but that's just a pattern
it's not
illegal to be reminded that it you know
looks like something o some other thing
that's a crime you know it would have to
be a crime itself it's not enough to say
it just looks like one right so so
there's you can't say that it's a crime
uh let's see she also serves the Stacy
Abrams also serves as a senior Council
for something called rewiring America h
that uh leads a coalition of groups okay
so she's also in charge of something
that leads a coalition of other groups
that would include the power forward
communities okay so she started a group
that's associated with other groups that
she's associated with but don't worry
because it's controlled by a larger
group in which she's also the senior
Council yeah yeah that doesn't look
suspicious at
all so if you think anything is
suspicious about that there's something
wrong with
you I judge you you Stacy Abrams is not
accused of any crime and I see no crime
in anything I just described it does
look exactly like the pattern of
criminal Behavior exactly exactly like
the pattern but that doesn't mean it is
you can't go to a court and say
jury uh we don't see any actual crimes
but a lot of what she did is like the
pattern of a crime that's not a crime so
I can't say that I see anything
criminal I do see something that really
needs to
stop it really needs to stop whatever
this
is there needs to be less of this
whatever it takes to get there legally
of course but
yeah I don't need to know that it's a
crime or not that's almost beside the
point you can't do this with our $2
billion that's you can't put $2 billion
into a you know some kind of
a some kind of a network of
interconnected Shady
organizations you know unless you're hun
Biden well other
news um house Democrats are trying to
put together a bill to kill the Doge
program uh they would just need three
GOP
defectors can you imagine what would
happen to any Republican who voted to
kill Doge for any
reason talk about a quick way to end
your
career I I think nearly 90% of donors
would say wait you did what uh yes I was
one of the three GOP who voted to kill
Doge I must be hearing this wrong you
did what yeah yep I'm proud of it I I
was one of the people who killed
Doge and you're a republican right yep
proud Republican I just thought I went
too far those cuts it looked like they
were up to no good okay you know that
you don't have a chance of
winning another
election you're done you're as done as
you could possibly be and that's what
that's kind of what I like about the
Republicans right now they're not taking
prisoners that this is if you're going
to be the one who our entire
country you're going down you know
inlegal of course appropriate way but
that has to be the the most severe
consequences within the law if you were
to derail Doge at this point at this
point I don't think it's going to happen
but the fact that the best thing that
the Democrats have is to go after
something that's very
popular they're literally organizing
around one of the most popular things
that's ever happened in the country it's
one of the most popular things now it's
only you know just over
50% but if you can get a brand new
Republican or even a brand new democrat
president who can get a 56% on a brand
new thing that's got a lot of energy and
it's making a big
difference that's amazing support in our
country that would be amazing
support well let's see if the Trump
effect is affecting anything else I
don't know if this is the Trump effect
but according to polls uh Francis
mcon if he ran an election today he
would lose by a lot by 18% margin to
Leen so I don't follow French politics
too much but it seems like that would be
quite the
earthquake um I know that leen's been
trying since about the same time that
Trump's been trying the first time
2016 and it didn't work then but it
looks like mcon has just disgraced
himself to the point that Leen would be
a shoe in now I think that doesn't mean
that Leen becomes the leader France is a
little more complicated than that but in
terms of popularity
there's no it's not even close is that
the Trump effect see I
think anybody who doesn't act like Trump
is going to look much less desirable
going forward because every day that
Trump has a good week or every week he
has a good week uh is going to make any
leader who's
anti-trump just look like a and
it's just going to get worse every day
so mcon will probably just go lower you
know this is a pretty big difference in
popularity but I think I think he's
heading even
lower all right well here um Jonathan
Turley was posting about this and
writing about it the the so-called Royal
Society out of Great Britain is one of
the most prominent scientific
organizations and uh and uh they used to
um you know support sport I don't know
they used to have such luminaries
according to turle as Isaac new and
Charles Darwin so this is the most maybe
the most prestigious scientific
organization in the world at least the
Western World and uh but the British
scientists um they've decided that they
want to expel Elon
Musk so they want to kick him out Elon
Musk because they disagree with his
political views yeah they disagree with
his political views and so a whole bunch
of uh scientists from this Royal Society
uh got together and they signed a
document saying that they'd like to kick
Elon Musk out of their
society now I'd like to ask you a
question and this will be like a pop
quiz let's see how well you do this what
would be the two least credible entities
in
2025 well one of them would be Great
Britain and the other would be anything
that a group of experts sign to say is
true those are the two least credible
things in the world I don't trust
anything about England or Great Britain
at the moment I don't even know what
team they're on literally because it you
know I don't need to get into the
details but if you go all the way back
to Russia collusion there's a lot of
British fingerprints on that if you know
what I mean I don't know exactly what
they're up to but lot of British
fingerprints and and then but then
they've got this Royal Society and get a
bunch of scientists to sign on the same
opinion when was the last time you saw a
whole bunch of experts sign on to the
same opinion that wasn't absolute
 has it ever happened I feel
like whenever the experts all sign a
document be it 51 intelligence experts
or be it scientists who are backing
climate models or be it this whenever
you see that the experts have to sign a
document and they all got together
that's almost never true in my opinion
now you could you could argue that in
your opinion it is true but I think
that's a real good
indication of lack of credibility so
it's just a political
thing all right um I saw Insurrection
Barbie had some great posts today I'm
going to talk about a few of them
Insurrection Barbie on X should you
should follow that
account um so Insurrection Barbie says
uh once you realize that the entire
resistance to Trump is made up of like
300 super connected Democrats and then a
bunch of paid protesters you realize why
the law the last election why they lost
the election and why they keep leading
voters now do you buy
that my
neighbors promised me that they would
not use heavy equipment before 8:00 a.m.
my time it's now 7:30
that's very heavy equipment I think my
microphone doesn't pick it up but right
now I'm in the middle of a war zone you
can't tell probably I hope you can't
tell but that the Insurrection Barbie's
idea that there are only 300
well-connected Democrats that completely
tracks with my impression of what's
going on have you noticed how it's the
same
Bunch that are anti-trump and they their
jobs can change and they might be in the
you know this Congress but they they
might be the Senate later then they used
to be in the nonprofit but now they're
working for Biden but now Biden's G
they're back to a nonprofit and they're
just cycling around if you could control
300
entities because you had 300 people that
you know because you had other Democrats
that could support them you'd make sure
you had Democrats in all the key places
if you could control the money that
controls the
protests and then you could control the
news
because you would only need what 20
people under your control in the entire
news business and you could control the
entire news with 20 people think about
that if your 20 people were the the
heads of some news organizations they
would just make sure that the other
people were on the same team you would
only need about 20 people
and so yes I think there are about 300
people that are sort of a shadow
government of Democrats that are not
exactly the same as being part of the
Republic It's like a a group that's
trying to be their own Republic within
the Republic and to make the actual
Democratic Republic maybe a puppet and I
think they've done an incredibly
successful job of gaining power that way
amazingly
successful but they're up against a once
ever personality in Trump
and what happens when they play their
games and they say but Trump is a
monarch he's a monarch he's trying to be
a king and then and then even Time
Magazine had a photo of trump wearing a
a king's
crown oh man they're so good they're so
good at controlling the media What Will
trump do how could Trump possibly get
out of this trap of being called a
monarch well what he did was he killed
congestion price for driving into
Manhattan and uh and then he posted
about it bragging and he said congestion
pricing is dead Manhattan and all of New
York is saved long live the king and
then he puts a photo of the Time
Magazine
okay you know I know you might get tired
of me being sort of a fanboy for Trump's
persuasion skills now now just to be
clear I'm not I'm not endorsing every
single thing Trump has ever done all of
his life that's not my job but when he
does persuasion better than you've ever
seen it and then he keeps doing it I'm
going to be continued to be I'll
continue to be impressed and I don't
apologize for that this is one of the
first of all it's very trumpian that he
could do this and get away with it he
he's just using mockery so he's taking
one of their strongest attacks and he's
just basically taking the gun out of
their hands and using it against them
has he ever done that before yes over
and over and over he just keeps doing it
you remember the mug shot he has the mug
shot framed and hanging in the Oval
Office so all of his enemies have to
walk past the mug shot and then the
media noticed and said hey you've got
your mug shot on the wall of the of the
capital it's like you're mocking your
enemies and then they make a big story
about it then we all laugh about it we
think ah that's the best mockery I've
seen as long as he does mockery of their
absurd little attacks he's
golden mockery is very effective and he
does it so well uh I I don't think there
could have
been and the fact that he used he used
his long live the king in the context of
congestion pricing in
Manhattan so he didn't even connect it
to Southern like stopping a war or
saving the country or you know the like
the big big issues it's like hey it
looks like I killed congestion pricing
in in Manhattan long live the
king could not be better you can't beat
that all right I promised you I was
going to give you the reframe of
reframes um you are not going
to you're not going to be able to forget
this one cuz once I give you the frame
everything you see is going to stick to
it now it's a little bit of something
you've heard before but it hasn't it's
never been completed so I'm going to
complete the reframe like you've never
heard it before you ready all right so
let's look at what Trump is bringing to
politics and then we'll look at what the
Democrats are bringing to politics and
then I'm going to put it in a frame that
you'll never
forget so let's start with Trump uh
would you age that if you look at the
let's say the theme or the strategy that
he brings to politics would you say that
he's bringing humor strength energy uh
risk taking but risk-taking that makes
sense uh
Unity uh and potential for greatness so
he talks about greatness he's funny he's
got strength he's energy what does that
sound
like well first of all he focuses on
real
things this is this is an important
Point Trump focuses on real things we've
got a deficit there's childhood you know
chronic
illnesses uh I can stop this war those
are real things very very real things
okay so he's got humor strength energy
optimism I should have said optimism but
lots of optimism he's making things
great there's there's action
what does that sound
like tell you what it sounds like it
sounds like every movie that males want
to
watch if I pick a movie do I want a sad
one no do I want action where it's a
bunch of bad things that happen one
after another not so much but do I want
an action movie where there's lots of
funny like in between stuff oh yeah oh
yeah every man wants an action movie
with optimism energy humor strength
risk-taking the the the good people come
together and there's a potential for
greatness
Trump is every man's and every boy's
favorite
movie now this is just the first part of
the reframe it doesn't come together
until that I do the second part
now let's look at the Democrat
approach uh they lead by victimization
division by identity weakness oh we're
weak we're weak we need help um they're
sad that they're living through a slow
motion disaster of some sort then they
mostly focus on things that have no
basis in reality like losing their
democracy Trump's a dictator and they're
going to lose their bodily autonomy
literally things that don't
exist now
uh I was watching CNN and uh there was a
split screen in which Jake Tapper was
having a frown off with Caris
Wisher now if you watch enough media do
you know why Caris Wisher gets invited
on CNN is because she's willing to say
more sad and unhappy things about Elon
Musk which are not real they're just
imaginary and and then Jake Tapper does
his famous Tacker Tapper tilt when he's
listening turns his head to one side and
he
frowns so he's frowning on one side and
then Cara Swisher is really sad she's
got the saddest frowny face and she's
got things to say about Elon Musk that
are completely imaginary about the
things he might do and the things he's
might be thinking and the potential for
the future that something could go wrong
he might look at your private data he
might do something where there's a
conflict of interest and nobody catches
it he might be bad he might not be doing
working for your
benefit but all of those things are
imaginary and they're all sad and
they're a little
melodramatic and they're not really
action oriented they don't have any
comedy there's no optimism whatsoever
it's just
melodramatic sad character
based so the Democrats are
character-based oh you're a racist oh
you're really going to cheat oh you
don't care oh you're a monarch it's all
character now I'm not done yet where do
I where did I complete the
loop so if you were to com if that's the
only thing you knew that the Trump was
creating the best movie ever the exact
feeling that the boys and men like
action energ optimism comedy you know
risk-taking Unity potential for
greatness it's all we want to see in the
movie and and then you look at the
Democrats they're also doing a movie but
what's different about their
movie who is it who
reads most of the movie what who reads
most
fiction
women let's let's talk to uh AI and find
out what AI says about this because I
asked I asked it
today well AI says that um 70 to 80% of
fiction which is usually mellow drama is
women so women for
entertainment are driven to
sadness and tragedy for entertainment
and mostly fiction men like real things
they like non-fiction
or things that if they're fiction
they're optimistic and happy and
funny
now let's see if uh these examples can
make the point uh let's see L Sharpton
went on MSNBC and he said he joined uh
Joy Reed and he talked about the
dangerous direction of trump well the
dangerous
direction is something that isn't
real it's just something you worry about
it's literally fiction okay imagine a
dangerous Direction um and he says he's
being pushed by characters like JD Vance
and Peter teal and Elon Musk in other
words it's about their character and
their personalities that's a woman's
movie um he said Trump isn't shaping a
nation he's trying to drag us back into
pre-1950 America erasing diversity and
rights for women and people of color now
none of that is part of the real world
that is pure affection
who watches fiction women women like
fiction especially if it's sad so he's
got some sad fiction for the women who
watch
MSNBC he says the real danger we have an
Entertainer playing a role rather than a
leader upholding
democracy okay uh and so far that's been
a problem how it hasn't it's just not
part of the real world in the real world
it turned out they having a Showman
um skills works really well with
politics Trump is I would argue the most
capable politician maybe of all time I
don't I don't think anybody's come
close but Joy Reid also MSNBC said
separately she said for years has been
said by analysts and Former Intelligence
Officers that Donald Trump has at best
at best a profound affinity for Russia
and at worst is and has long been a
Russian recruit okay Trump as a Russian
recruit is that based on any reality no
even Joy Reed doesn't base on any
reality it's Fiction it's literally
fiction and it's really sad because
imagine if this were true so it's a sad
fiction who reads and consumes sad
fiction women 80% of it is consumed by
women how about Joe
scarbo also MSNBC he said today quote
they're going to take away medical
research talking about Trump they're
going to take away medical
research that's literally the opposite
of what Kennedy's doing Kennedy is
trying to make sure there is medical
research that's dependable it's the
opposite so uh he says those plane
crashes you're seeing you're going to
see more of them based on what they're
pretending that that the people fired at
the fbaa are the the air traffic
controllers nobody said that that's
fiction I'm sure the people fired are
more likely to be you know back office
people I don't even know that it's just
obviously true um he said there's going
to be Cuts in food safety water safety
air
safety so how much of that now now that
might be true that there might be cuts
and regulations but does that mean the
cuts and the regulations are bad for you
this is all
imaginary it's all
imaginary how about Jasmine Crockett one
of their favorite people they like
bringing on she said on MSNBC The the
only thing Trump is doing is lining his
and elon's
Pockets what's the evidence of that have
you seen them lining their pockets now
could it happen well Anything Could
Happen could it be true that Biden lined
his pockets yes could it be true that
some past president lined his pockets
yes could it be true that a future Pro
president might try to line their
pockets yes but unless it happens it's
fiction it has to actually
happen you don't you don't accuse people
of the crime that they haven't done you
have to accuse them of something they
might have actually done this is pure
fiction who consumes fiction 80% of it
women ESP especially if it's sad and
involves
characters
so there's your
reframe do you think it's a coincidence
that the Democrats are the party of
women and that they've created the type
of fiction that women absolutely love
it's about the character flaws of the
people and it's a melod drama and it
looks like there's going to be a lot of
sadness between now and then and it's
fiction that's a little bit on point
isn't it because that's
exactly the the type of stuff that women
consume 5 to one over
men and then you look at Trump and is
that not the perfect male movie The
Humor the energy the action movie The
optimism the unity will bring it all
together in the end in the long term
it's going to be a great
Victory perfect now if you were to say
there are these two themes and they're
competing against each other which one
wins the male theme every time the male
theme every
time every time because it's everything
positive you're you're going to get far
more people who say I can't stand the
the sad stuff than you're going to get
people who say you know what I could use
more sad stuff it's going to be a lot
easier to get a woman to sit through a
Marvel Superhero Movie movie that's you
know maybe not first choice a lot easier
than to get a man to enjoy you might get
him to do it because he wants sex but
he's not going to enjoy sitting through
a sad movie we just don't like it so
Trump has taken the perfect male movie
and the MSNBC and the Democrats have
chosen the perfect female
movie and that's the reframe and you're
never going to forget it CU once you
start watching that what the Dem rats
criticize is fiction always all of their
problems are
fiction and then you see that the
Republicans are all about real stuff you
can't get rid of it that that that will
that will infect all of your other
Impressions from now
on well Trump and Elan were on hanity as
all you as all of you know and he was
talking about the press and he he had
this to say Trump did he said you have
to watch the enemy MSNBC on occasion now
isn't it funny he calls them the
enemy now I think that's fair they're
definitely not a news program the other
thing you have to understand is CNN is
news with a
bias Fox News is news with a
bias we all understand what it looks
like to see news as a bias that's not
what MSNBC is they're not news with the
bias it's entirely Fiction it's just a
female movie that's all it is it's just
a character
assault so they invite all the character
assault people on and do that now when
Jake Tapper has uh Cara swisser on
that's more like the female movie but
CNN does sometimes actually every day
they put on somebody who will represent
the other side uh and Fox News does that
too every time every day actually at
least weekdays uh every weekday they'll
put on somebody who can at least
represent the other side so bias we
understand MSNBC is not about that they
are not about the news once you
understand that's not a News Network
then everything starts making sense and
he says about Trump says about
the the uh I think mostly by MSNBC he
says the level of arrogance and cheating
is horrible they are horrible people
they're horrible people it does seem
like that sometimes they lie they
couldn't care less about the
Constitution I watch them asking
questions with hatred and
anger he so he said that MSNBC is the
enemy he says but CN CNN is bad the bias
is so incredible PBS is bad and they
said CBS took an answer for Kamala and
literally put it an answer she gave 20
minutes later I've never heard of this
at all
now I've softened that by saying it's
not that
unusual for the the big entities to uh
manufacture a quote it's unfortunately
it's way more ordinary than you think
it's not good nobody likes it if if
you're the person who got the
manufactured quote nobody likes it but
uh yeah it's skevy so he's correct to
call it out as illegitimate but it is
more common than people
know then getting back to Insurrection
Barbie one of the things that the uh
that the Democrats like to say these
days is that uh you know musk is an
unelected billionaire who's trying to
control the country now every single
Republican said wait say that again yeah
musk is an unelected billionaire trying
to control the country and then every
single Trump supporter at least said you
know how weird that sounds right coming
from
Democrats no I don't I don't understand
what you're saying okay have you heard
of a guy named George
Soros
well well Trump's a racist I mean at
that point they have to talk over you
you you know that Democrats just talk
over you if you make a good point so you
can't get any further than that but
that's where they start talking over you
so in Direction
Barbie uh goes after this pretty hard
and says about unelected people running
our government said even before Biden
was inaugurated so this is some stuff I
never heard
before uh before Biden was inaugurated
he had quote transition review teams
transition review teams well that sounds
like something you'd like if you're
going to transition into the government
yeah you might see you might need some
transition review teams um and they they
had these teams for every Department
within the government well well that
makes sense that's good preparation
you've got a transition team for every
part of the government
solid solid planning there Democrats and
those teams had to understand all the
operations of the specific government
agencies so that the administration be
ready on day one well this all sounds
great that's great I didn't realize the
Democrats were that well prepared but
they had this transition team ready for
every part of the government and they
had an expert it wasn't some you know
new person first day in the
job and then Insurrection Barbie says
there 17 picks for those transition
teams worked directly for the Soros
organization wait worked for the Soros
organization didn't have an association
with them worked for them were actually
employees of
Soros okay uh and he could call them and
direct them on what policy to push in
each
department the following are examples of
agencies that had a transition team
member directly working in a Soros
organization so the transition teams
were not
even just Democrats they were Soros also
Democrats but they were Soros employees
and here's the things that they had the
most influence on have you ever heard of
these parts of the government the state
department have you heard of the state
department Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau h H already gone uh United States
mission to the United Nations the
Department of Defense Department of
Defense the Department of Labor the
department of the treasury the banking
and security regulators and National
Security
Council did you know that uh of all the
visit that 2third of all the visits to
the white house uh I think this is by
Soros coincided with the Biden White
House climate change
initiatives that there was a Soros visit
to the White House right before every
Biden climate change
initiative announced anyway that's a big
coincidence
um and that Alex Soros who's you know
now the person in charge of stuff um he
met with the Biden White House 33 times
in two years
33 times I haven't met with anybody 33
times in two
years 33
times now in my opinion so so the funny
thing here is that the Democrats seem to
be completely unaware that Soros
essentially was controlling the
government by knowing exactly where the
levers were so lever number one you get
all these local prosecutors so you can
control the Department of Justice and
jail your enemies and number two you get
these transition
teams transition
teams they were literally just there to
propagandize people and probably tell
them you know you know if you do it this
way things will be good for you and if
you do it this other way things might
not be so good for you so kind of
brilliant how well Soros figured out how
to control our
government um and I would say I'm not
positive about this but I'll just
speculate
because I can't read anybody's Minds I'm
going to speculate that Elon Musk would
not be
involved as heavily as he is with the
government
unless Soros did what Soros did I think
that part of what Elon and again I I
can't read any Minds so I'm just really
talking about my own feelings and then
I'm projecting them onto somebody
unfairly but it seems to
me that the Spider-Man
curse drives Elon to some extent now the
Spider-Man curse is that great power uh
comes with great
responsibility Elon musque has assembled
just through success and money great
power and also through a he he had a big
platform so for a variety of reasons he
he had great power and then imagine
being a billionaire and looking at some
other billionaire corrupting the country
in your opinion such as
Soros and realizing that the government
wasn't even strong enough to handle that
one
billionaire there was nobody in the
government who had the right skill the
right uh risk profile maybe uh the right
level of
intelligence to take on George
Soros what would you do what would you
do if you knew that the only way to take
down a billionaire was to be the strong
stronger billionaire it's the only way
because the government absolutely can't
do it it would have happened by now if
they could I feel like although I've
never heard him say it so again I'm just
projecting my own my own views onto
another person which is not fair so this
is just speculation I think if if Soros
had not taken control of the government
that the Spiderman curse would not have
been so strong and Elon might have said
how about I just you know build my
rockets and you know make the country
better the way I've been doing it so far
I feel like he would have maybe said you
know you can handle the budget now I do
like the fact
also that the the budget problem is an
existential risk and musk is he does
double down on all existential risks so
getting to Mars is about saving Humanity
you know it's not just cool it's
specifically to save Humanity in case
you know the one planet uh thing isn't
enough diversification which is of
course in the long run would not be
enough diversification so we have to be
interplanetary or we're not really going
to survive there's not really that
option of surviving but the the debt was
a lot like that so uh to argue the other
side of what I just
argued um even without
Soros if he realized he might be the
only person
who could possibly save us from the
escalating debt well that too would be
the Spider-Man curse you know the person
who has the ability has to do it now I
can only tell you from my own personal
experience that every now and then there
seems like a problem that I'm uniquely
suited to
attack and the first thing I think is
damn it am I really that uniquely suited
to attack that thing and then where I
realize I might be I just have to it's
it's the Spider-Man curse you know I've
had enough good things happen to me that
if there's a problem in the country that
only I you I won't say only I but if I
have some you know little extra gear
about a specific problem not problems in
general but there might be some specific
things I could make a difference I'm all
in and I can't even help it I wouldn't
be able to talk myself out of it it's
the Spider-Man curse if if you have the
power
and you're one of the people who can fix
the problem well there you are there you
are there's a Quinny Pak poll that says
22% of Voters approve of the way
Democrats in Congress are handling their
job and that's a new all-time
low now don't get too happy because it's
not like Republicans are you know as 60%
popularity I think they're
40ish uh but 40ish is still about double
what the Democrats are looking at at
this point so things are not looking
good for
Democrats um and then Trump continues to
do things that look like common
sense um and here's another one um I
wasn't aware of this until today but the
federal government well I guess I knew
this in general the federal government
controls
DC but the federal government decided
that it would delegate it to you know
the local DC government but it doesn't
have to keep it that way so and you know
maybe there'll be a Supreme Court case
on this but the argument is that if the
federal government decided to take back
control of DC because it got in a hand
and it's too dangerous that they would
be able to do it the Constitution would
would accept that um so Mike Le based
Mike Le he says uh so Trump says the
federal government should take over the
governance of DC and run it properly and
Mike Lee says it's right the
Constitution puts Congress in charge of
DC and they've only delegated the
authority to the DC government which
means they could take it back and so
he's putting together what he calls the
Bowser
act so he's naming it after the I guess
they would say failed mayor of uh of DC
the Bowser act it's especially insulting
because it sounds like dog
Bowser anyway uh it would re repeal the
DC home rule and put the feds back in
charge uh because DC is unsafe and you
know what everybody understands
that everybody understands that DC is
literally unsafe you walking down the
street it's kind of dangerous so who
would complain about
this well let me take a guess
I'll bet you the Democrats will complain
about something that hasn't happened but
could be a fictional future possibility
based on somebody's bad character
because that's the movie they
like well in horrible news I barely want
to bring this up except my audience
won't be affected by it um a Tesla
showroom in Oregon got shot
up shot up and presumably for political
reasons uh Nick sorder is reporting on
this on a and apparently it's the second
criminal incident that was an arson also
somewhere um now don't you think this is
a direct effect of propaganda calling
Elon Musk you know some kind of Hitler
helping whatever whatever they're saying
about him today this is a propaganda
problem yeah so this is caused by them
all right now let's talk about Mike
Pence who says that uh he he says to
Trump he says Mr president Ukraine did
not quote start this war so there's an
argument about who started the war now
nobody questions who made the first
overt military act that was Putin he's
the one who crossed the border with
military intent so nobody questions the
fact that the first you know milit the
first serious War part of it was uh
Russia but does that mean that that was
the start of the
war do you know who thinks that's the
start of the war Liars yeah liars and
people were not paying attention you'd
have to be a liar or a person who's not
paying attention now I used to have a
lot of respect for Mike Pence just
because he seemed like a good vice
president he he supported the president
he didn't cause any problems on his own
he just seemed you know stable and good
backup maybe but boy if I lost all
respect for him so let me explain this
I'm going to put this in the uh in the
form of a little
story and then see if you can generalize
this so you're walking in the forest and
you encounter a bear and you say to
yourself you know what would be a good
idea if I pick up this stick and I run
over the bear and I poke it so you pick
up the stick and you're like you're
poking the
bear because you think it'd be fun or
you think maybe you'll get a video of it
it doesn't matter why but you decide to
poke the bear and then the bear gets
angered because you're poking it with a
stick and it kills you whose fault is
that who started it well poking with a
stick isn't exactly dangerous I mean it
doesn't even hurt so so obviously the be
started the
fight right let's ask Mike Pence which
one started the
fight was it the stick that didn't
really hurt anybody didn't hurt the bear
it was just annoying or was it the claws
that tore the throat out of the stick
person oh it's obviously the bear we're
going to blame the bear yeah do you know
who blames the Bear in that
situation
liars and morons
liars and
morons literally nobody in the real
thinking World blames the bear
if you've been poking it with a stick
now is this A Perfect Analogy let me
help the people who can't handle
analogies this this is only for the dumb
people so the rest of you can take a
break for a moment so special message
for any dumb people who not most of my
audience is brilliant but there might a
few dumb people who snuck in um it's not
a Perfect Analogy uh a bear is not
exactly like Vladimir Putin there are
differences there are differences and so
it's really more about making a point
that can be generalized by the analogy
it's not really that every part of the
analogy matches the real world because
that would be the opposite of an analogy
you wouldn't need an analogy
if the real world was doing the story
that you needed to do the analogy simply
helps you understand the real world in a
different frame it's not an argument per
se and so you don't need to say but
Scott Ukraine didn't have a stick no all
they had was the desire to join NATO
which was a red line but Scott a red
Line's not a stick no it's not a stick
you
idiot all right now I'm talking to the
rest of
you I think I've made my
point
um according to
rasmuson uh Trump ending de Dei policies
is pretty is pretty popular but here's
what I like rasmon asked the question
and then organized it by people who knew
the most so the more you know about
Dei the less you like
it so
80% of Voters who were familiar with the
including 44% were very familiar with it
so now we're talking about people really
understand what it is of that group
56% strongly approve of trump ending it
for the federal government at least
56% of the people who know what Dei is
favor him ending
it and again 56% doesn't sound like the
biggest majority in the world world
except in American politics you've got
to work really really hard to get 50%
56% on the same side of anything but
isn't it nice to know that the people
who even understand the issue are
definitely on the same
side so that's
nice um so Trump signed an executive
order cutting off taxpayer funded
benefits for illegal immigrants New York
Post is reporting on this
um so it's an executive order I guess
you signed last night so illegal
immigrants won't be getting any
federally funded benefits now that
doesn't mean they won't get any benefits
I think it just transfers it to the
states which is clever because then the
sanctuary city states got to explain why
they're not willing to continue raping
their citizens to pay for the
non-citizens now if the FED is paying it
makes it kind of easy for the state
doesn't it
oh uh yeah it won't cost you much
citizens it's kind of annoying but at
least the fed the feds are paying a lot
of it what happens when the states have
to pay all of it I don't I also don't
know what percentage the FED versus the
States was so I'm not immediately aware
of how big a deal it will be but what if
it's half I don't know is it
half it if my
state has to put in a few more billion
dollars to cover what the Fed
stop
spending I'm going to be really mad at
my
Governor I already am but I'm going to
be a few billion dollars more angry and
so will even his base so in terms of uh
sending things back to the
States once again Trump is playing this
right he sent you know through his
actions Trump sent uh indirectly he sent
abortion back to the state
boy did that pay off you know I knew
when it happened it might cost them an
election and I think it did to some
extent but I also thought that when it
went back to the states that we would
just wait a few years and it would just
sto looking like a federal issue because
that was the whole point at this point I
think it kind of stopped looking like a
federal issue so Trump wins now it might
be part of the reason that he had to
skip a term
and that there's a there was you know a
dead Biden presidency between his two
terms it might have be largely because
of that or partly because of it but boy
did he win in the long
run and here again he's doing the same
trick if the states are the ones who are
deciding to Harbor the the uh
immigrants the state should pay 100% of
it because to the federal government is
just
illegal that makes sense that's another
perfect application of hey States you
better uh you better handle
this
um so RFK Jr he's launched a new uh well
actually Trump launched a Maha
commission and they're going to look
into all kinds of things that you wish
had been looked into more deeply before
so some of the things we're looking into
about this specifically about childhood
um diseases chronic
illnesses some of the factors that
they're going to look into
were formally taboo or insufficiently
scrutinized and that would include uh
childhood vaccine schedules now here's
the thing that Democrats have to
understand in my opinion and I suppose I
could be wrong but I'd be really
surprised RFK Jr is so public and so
clear that the science needs to support
where we go he's not going to cancel
things
willy-nilly he's just going to ask for
better science and it might take a while
to get it so I think you're fine you're
not going to lose your childhood
vaccinations unless there's you know
some fairly quick information that looks
persuasive but he's going to look into
the vaccine schedule electromagnetic
radiation uh the
glyphosate um that's used and other
other pesticides as well look at Ultra
processed foods artificial Foods
allergies ssris
anti-depressants wow we need that um
he's going to look at uh psychiatric
drugs p and pfoa I don't know what that
is
microplastics um nothing's off limits
and then he said that he would admit he
was wrong if shown the data now this is
in the hill so what the hill said
according to the hill quote but even
when Cassidy so this was Senor Cassidy
uh who's a doctor himself was
questioning RFK Jr for his past
statements about things uh according to
the hill uh Cassidy did just that during
the confirmation process uh he said
Kennedy cited additional studies of
dubious Merit that favored his
conclusion leading Cassidy to note that
Kennedy was always asking for more never
accepting the mountains of evidence that
already exist
so think about the absurdity of what I
just told you it's
2025 and a publication of no medical
experts the hill has told you which of
the studies are the good
ones let me just say it again the hill
an organization of journalists with no
special scientific medical treatment
have decided that they can tell you
which of the studies are
credible now they're not they're not
saying it just out of nowhere they're
looking at sources so one of their
sources would be doct Dr Kennedy or Dr
Cassidy because before he was a Senator
he was it was a
doctor
now tell me your experience with doctors
picking true
studies do you know how many studies are
true about half
about half how many doctors can tell you
which half are the true ones none there
are no doctors who can do that there are
none so if you if you think that the
journalist can tell you what studies are
real you're really lost they can't do
that if you think that they talk to The
Experts and then the experts told them
what
experts who who are the experts who know
what studies are false there's no expert
like
that that that doesn't exist there you
know people on both sides of everything
but there is no source to know what's
true that's the whole point that's what
RFK Jr wants he wants some sources that
are ideally you know the the platinum
quality study that's not funded by the
people who have a stake in it so number
one can't be fun funded by somebody who
has a stake in it and no hidden stake
how do you know if something was if a
study was funded by the wrong people
even indirectly how would you know
that you wouldn't what if the way the
big farm is bribing the study is has
nothing to do with the study maybe it's
all about once you've done the study we
have lots of people who would like to
see it so we'll pay you to give really
expensive speeches and if you write a
book we'll we'll push it because that's
good for us there are a million ways you
can bribe the the sponsor or the person
who's running a study I don't know how
many ways you that they actually use but
there's probably a million ways so if
you're trusting any scientific study in
20125 and you're making an argument that
you know which ones are the real ones
you're either a
liar or a
 those are the only possibilities
but when when Kennedy says that he will
admit when he's wrong if the stud is go
in that
direction that sounds
honest because you want the person who
says I could totally be wrong I'm only
looking at the data and I'm going to
look at the same thing you are and we're
going to try to figure out together what
looks like it's real and what doesn't
that's as honest as you can get this is
exactly what I want I want somebody
who's honest enough to say if you
embarrass me in public
by giving me data that shows I was wrong
about something important I'm going to
say in public I was wrong thank
you can you beat that you can't beat
that so I think I think Kennedy is also
one of these great power great
responsibility
situations over a lifetime he acquired
great power in the form of a specific
expertise about the medical and the food
Community but at the same time time
being quite aware that he's a Kennedy he
had he had sort of this accidental power
as well so imagine living in the United
States and you see that children are
just being destroyed by it looks like we
don't know but some combination of food
and maybe medical
treatment and you have the knowledge to
make a difference you have the grit the
energy the intelligence and even the
money that that you can survive a
economic hit and you're a
Kennedy it's the Spider-Man curse it's
just the Spider-Man curse he could do it
or it looked like if he put in
everything if he went all in and risked
everything including his marriage
including his marriage if he went all in
he might be able to save children how do
you say no you know say no to that it's
a Spider-Man curse nobody else could do
it who who is the other Kennedy who is
the second person who was the second
person there was no second person
although n Nicole shanan is amazing so
as as a team they're
incredible but you needed RFK Jr I mean
nobody had the specific combination of
exactly the right stuff at the right
time and you know he had a he had a life
directed at this Mission so that could
not be a more pure incentive and I love
it uh meanwhile the Postmaster General
is stepping down at about the same time
people are asking Doge to audit them now
um there's no indication he's stepping
down because he might get audited but
every time you see that coincidence huh
oh there might be a doge audit and the
current leader step down huh that's a
curious situation there so you're you're
allowed to be uh curious about that
meanwhile LA mayor Karen bass is doing a
clever thing according to the Gateway
pundit Mike lechance is writing about
this so mayor bass Karen bass uh is
setting up an investigation to find out
why she was allowed to travel to Africa
while her City
burned now that's a little hyperbole so
she she's trying to find out why they
didn't tell her that there was a big
risk of fire before she left
now I don't believe anything about
anything so I don't believe she didn't
know you know it might be true it might
be true but you know I don't necessarily
believe it on face value but I love the
technique uh I love that she's going to
keep studying to find out what why she
keeps failing wait a minute every time I
fail I'm going to have to find the white
man who's responsible for this
so she'll set up a set up some kind of
commission to find somebody who should
have told her something but didn't and
therefore once again I found the source
of the problem it's other people yeah
it's other
people I think I'm going to set up a
commission uh for the same
thing I've made some mistakes in my day
very few I mean practically none but for
those few mistakes I've ever made I
really need to set up a commission to
find out whose fault it was who was it
who drove me to make those bad decisions
because that person needs to be punished
and it might be a
bear so
um meanwhile in drone news there's a new
drone killer that can zap a zap a drone
from four miles away so if I understand
it right it's an American company
California based called diesel design
Technologies and it's a counter
drone so it's not a very large drone but
it can jump up in the air it can sense
another drone coming its way for four
miles and it can knock it out of the sky
with electronic means I think I think
just yeah electronic means um now that's
amazing I have to get
one I I feel like I need one for the
house because you know if maybe I could
program it and say don't knock the Drone
down unless it's you know directly above
my property but I'd love to have a drone
that just says hey there's another drone
coming popop
done got to get
one that was an interesting engineering
capil kajal was writing about that
there's also speaking of drones there's
now a drone that can
smell meaning sniff not not that it
smells bad
but they use some kind of silkworm moth
antenna how do you make an antenna out
of a silk worm moth I don't know but
somehow they think they've done it at
Shinu University so they call it an odor
sensing biohybrid
drone so that's cool so what would you
use the sniffing drone for well the one
example would be let's say there's a
building that comes down and you need
something to go sniff for Survivor
maybe the Drone could do it maybe it can
do it faster and more accurately than
even the dogs we'll see but I've I've
long speculated since actually the
90s back in the 90s I wrote a book
called The dilbur Future and I talked
about how in the future if technology
could make an artificial
nose it would really change a
lot because a sense of smell we humans
kind of don't appreciate the sense of
smell because you know it's not our
dominant sense but if you had a machine
that could smell like a you know like a
the best dog you could probably solve
crimes as long as the crime was
reasonably fresh because you know how a
blood hound can go into a crime scene
and it can pick up you know hours late
you know smell from the per and that
could follow it well what if you had a
database of everybody's smell
and then the dog comes in or the let's
say the technology comes in and just
goes and it's after the crime scene it's
like well looks like uh Bob was here an
hour
ago that would uh that would almost be
the end of most crime because it's tough
to make yourself smell different just
for the crime I mean you could do it but
that'd be
hard all right so that's what I've got
for today
uh I'm going to ask you if you think I
should talk about this so I've been
teasing you that there was something
that was coming that might be
interesting I'm going to tell you what
it is but you tell me later if you want
me to talk about it because you might
not um do you remember I got canceled
anybody remember
that because there was a rasmason poll
that said uh some some percentage of
black Americans said that it was uh
quote not okay to be
white and I thought that seemed super
racist and so I railed Against Racism
and turns out if you rail Against Racism
uh you get canceled and they call you
the racist so that's what happened to me
but it's two years later and they
reissued the
poll so the poll is out again now
without getting into details
I I'll just do it now I'll do it now
without getting into the
details um again there's a similarly
alarming number of people now it's a
much bigger sample this time last time
it was uh admittedly a small sample but
the larger sample that has maybe an 8%
uh margin of error which wouldn't change
the wouldn't change the interpretation
at all so even if it's the worst case
you know uh inaccurate
even the most inaccurate could be be
about 8% statistically would still make
the same point there is an alarming
number of people who are black Americans
who answered they either don't know that
it's okay to be white you don't
know or that they say it's not okay to
be white now it gets complicated because
the first time this came up I didn't
know it but other people said well that
phrase isn't okay to be white or it's
okay to be white
is some white supremacist thing that
they say no I never heard of it because
I guess I don't hang around with white
supremacist but i' never heard of it and
I couldn't imagine that the average
person who took the poll had ever heard
of that so I reject that that had
anything to do with the outcome of the
poll I just don't think that's a common
thing that people have heard of and even
if they had heard of it why would you
say it's not okay to be white like how
would you ever answer that question and
then I asked myself how would it how
would it be if the question were
reversed I don't know a single white
person who would ever say that it's not
okay to be
black it's nothing I'd ever heard I I've
Heard lots of racist sounding things but
it's not about sort of the general
existence that seems kind of
extreme um so I've never heard of it but
let me put it in the context I should
have the first
time and I I like to reverse the races
because that that teaches you something
right if you can reverse the race and
then see what would happen if it gone
the other direction that at least tells
you something you know you can interpret
it however you want but I give you this
example if you were a uh black family in
America and you were offered a new job
and it was great job so you wanted to
move and relocate to the great job
job and you had a choice of Two Towns
that were near the job one of the towns
you happen to know was a headquarters
for the
KKK and that maybe 20% of the town was
just flat out or racist and maybe even
you know supporting the KKK and then
there was another town that just didn't
have that it was just a regular town no
no indication of any special
racism which one would be the safer one
for you to move
to well it's obvious if I were advising
that black family I'd say whoa stay away
from the town with 20% races because you
know even though that says nothing about
any individual you know the the person
at the who's helping you at the grocery
store you know you can't assume they're
in the KKK just because 20% of the town
is so you still have to treat all the
individuals like
individuals but would you ever go to a
place where 20% of them seem to be
deeply on the side of you're not okay
there's something wrong with you why
would you do that who would do that
intentionally so for your own self-
protection economic well-being
psychological well-being I would say I
got some advice stay away from those
freaking
racists and nobody would argue with that
because we all have the same sense of
security and said this before but I
think I think now it comes into better
focus if you're if you're discriminating
against an
individual you're probably just making a
mistake I would never be in favor of
that because you're just reducing your
own options like if you said I would
never hire whoever you know any any kind
of demographic you pick well what if the
very best person available happens to be
in that demographic you're just limiting
your own choices if it doesn't even
matter if you think there's some you
know there's some statistical difference
it's not going to be enough of a
difference that you could tell every
single person's character that doesn't
work that way so discriminating against
an
individual just never makes sense it's
not good for the individual who is
discriminated against it's never good
for the person who
discriminated and it's not good for
society so I'm against it 100% but in
the case of the black family who could
choose to not live in the community with
a KKK if you're making your safety
decisions based on demographics that's
totally okay that's not racist that's
self- protection your security is your
top priority in your family it you you
have no
obligation to
ignore like crime stats or uh
polls or anything else you can use any
Source you want if you're protecting
yourself from
danger now on top of that you've got
Dei and let me ask you just a basic
statistical question if you were working
at a company where all the people look
like you and it doesn't matter who you
are you you can be black or white or
Asian whatever pick pick anything
Hispanic if everybody at the company
look like you what are the odds of you
getting sued for some racial
discrimination well
zero right now what are the odds if you
lived in a place that was more diverse
and you were a white American male what
are the odds that you would be in you
would be accused of being a racist or
even if you were accused of nothing what
are the odds that you would be passed
over for a
job pretty good or at least greater than
zero
um I would argue that for decades white
American men were directly discriminated
in every diverse
community so if you had a choice of
going somewhere with the odds of you
specifically being discriminated against
because of you're
demographic you should avoid that and
that's just common sense it's just how
to how to plan your economics is how to
stay safe it's just common sense and it
works for every race
in every situation so it's just as true
for black Americans don't move into the
town with the
KKK why would you do
that there's no reason to do that if you
have options so I advise everybody to
make their decisions based on whatever
criteria they want if it's about safety
or
economics but don't discriminate against
individuals ever never good reason for
that
so 2 years later after I got
cancelled doesn't sound very extreme
does
it does that sound
extreme now I'll admit I got a little
ranty and angry the two years ago when
when I got cancelled and I I think the
ranting and the anger made it easy for
my enemies to cancel me because because
then it looked like I was being the
racist I was arguing Against Racism I
was saying that if you can demonstrate a
statistical bunch of racism you should
avoid
it everybody should black white male
female gay not
gay let's use gay if you're gay would
you rather live in let's say San
Francisco where the acceptance of the
gay community is is pretty close to 100%
or would you rather move to I don't know
pick some place that you think is you
know backwards
um let's say some place in the Middle
East except for Israel if if you're gay
would you move to Saudi
Arabia or San
Francisco you would move to San
Francisco but does that mean that you
that you're discriminating against all
people from the Middle East no not at
all and if you met one person from the
Middle East you should treat them as an
individual even knowing that you might
want to not live in that zone where
there was lots of people who might be
against
you so a little bit of Common
Sense can keep you alive and that's all
I have to say about that all right
that's all I got for today I know I went
long sorry about that and uh I'm going
to say some private things to the people
on locals and the rest of
you bye for now I'll see you see you
tomorrow same time same place if you're
on rumble or X or YouTube locals coming
at you privately and 30
seconds uh
oh all right it's not
working stream is obscured with locals
branded overlay on all other
[Music]
platforms all right it doesn't look
like that's going to work let's see
why local supporters only update
stream all right so locals the uh the
going private function is not working so
I can't go I can't go private um so I'm
going to do a uh final sip with all of
you and uh otherwise I'll see you
tomorrow and locals if you want to see
me in the man cave tonight I see in the
man cave um and I'll I'll have that
working by tomorrow I'm sure all right
final
sip h that was good all right bye
everybody we'll see if I can end the
stream in general might might have a
problem ending it let's find
out uh that failed as well okay so and
so there were two ways to end the stream
and both of them just failed and yes I
did I had cleared
the all right so all right so my engine
engineer will need to uh end these
individually I guess but uh so I'm just
going to turn off the app and close my
computer I don't have any way to turn it
off but uh
goodbye
e e