boom-boom-boom-boom
hey everybody come on in here you know
what time it is
yes you do
today I'd like to give my best
Peter Strock impression yeah it goes
like this
I think I nailed it I nailed it may L
that all right it's time for the
simultaneous imp somebody says I look
high no that's what I look like when I
wake up
I've only been awake for a little bit
it's time for the sip oh that's an extra
good extra good sip all right let's talk
about I know everybody wants me to talk
about Peters frock and is he believable
and what about that weird satanic body
language well I'm not gonna tell you I'm
not gonna tell you everything you want
to hear today and I know you hate that
but I'm trying to trying to make sure
that I have at least some credibility
and I'm not just you know siding with
the team every time you all by now have
seen the the the gifs and the video of
Peter stock making weird facial
expressions for one when he talked he
tempted to look down so that when he was
looking up he looked evil mmmmmm
sort of the evil look never a good look
and then there's that weird little thing
where he's smirking and squirming
in this chair and if you see that at a
context it's especially problematic now
what do we make of that let's talk about
the smirk and the squirm first the part
you've all seen by now it's all over
Twitter where he goes and squirms a
little bit I here's the here's my
interpretation you're gonna hate this he
looks like somebody who knows he's
winning he looks like somebody who knows
he's winning in other words he was
sitting in Congress and as bad as you
might think he looked louie gohmert
looked worse Congress as a whole looked
worse yeah this is the day that Strock
has been looking forward to it away
because he probably didn't want to get
his version of the story out and the
question is did he do that did he do
something that would make him happy now
of course he's not happy about how
Congress treated him but would he have
been happy about how he performed and I
think that that smugness you see is that
he feels he performed well in other
words he doesn't look like somebody who
got caught lying now I got all kinds of
pushback yesterday because people don't
understand the difference between
credibility and what is true I don't
know what he he thinks now what he
thought them or what is true so I can't
speak about what's true but I can tell
you whether he looked credible or not
and I would say the the weird body
language was terrible persuasion if he's
trying to be liked and but it didn't
look like he was trying to be liked
I saw no I saw no indication that he
went in there thinking I'm gonna turn
the public
to liking me it didn't look like you
went there to do that and indeed he did
not do that but he looked like he felt
like he was winning and I'll tell you
that when when he talked about the part
of the text where he said we'll stop it
and I was looking for the tells of lying
so his explanation about when he talked
about the trump presidency when he said
by text to his lover / layer lisa page
he said we'll stop it his explanation
was we was the people because this was
before the election and surely we the
people would vote against the president
just like the polls say will happen now
is that credible well here's what I
would look for I've told you some of the
ways that Liars lie a liar would say
something like there's no evidence that
that's what that means or that could
mean anything
you're just taking it out of context or
well but privately you know we said
other things maybe something like that
now that's not a good one forget that
last one so there are things that Liars
do that are fairly consistent which is
not a hundred percent meaning you can
always detect a lie but Liars do have a
pattern that people telling the truth do
not do you remember what Peter Struck's
general approach you know forget the
specific words but what was his general
approach to the question of whether he
was biased to the point of not being
able to do the job in a professional
manner manner how did he react to the
accusation of being biased beyond the
point of being professional do you
remember how he reacted he reacted on
offense offense he actually made a
statement that was quite impassioned and
quite angry he
looked he looked legitimately angry and
impassioned when he blamed the Congress
and all of his critics for even
suggesting that his bias would be you
know enough to overthrow the country yes
somebody's ahead of me here now if he
were a regular citizen not an FBI agent
who is presumably I think this is a fair
a fair assumption presumably trained in
how to detect liars I would say that is
an honest looking response because if
you're not an FBI agent who's trained to
know what what a real person looks like
and what a liar looks like you know that
sort of person could fake it but a
regular citizen who acted exactly the
way he did I would say he was innocent
or at least believed he was innocent
which is slightly different when you're
talking about bias yeah I would say that
if he had been a private citizen his
performance would have looked very
convincing to me but you have the extra
complication that he's a trained FBI
agent with many years of experience
interviewing people and trying to detect
whether they're liars so a person with
that much training could very easily
pretend to be honest and he and that
would be a good way to do it
a good way to pretend you're honest is
to act really angry and attack the
attacker the way he did so you can't
really tell anything in his special case
because he could be smart enough trained
well enough to pull that off but if it
had been anybody else I would say yeah
that that performance looks actually
believable now here's the dumbest part
of the entire conversation and this dumb
part applies to both sides the anti
struck and the Proust struck here's the
dumbest thing people are saying he was
biased
why is why is this the dumbest thing
that anybody's saying and you know I
know that some of you probably most of
you believe that that's a true statement
he was biased why is that the dumbest
thing in the conversation you had nobody
wants to answer that question the claim
that he is biased is the dumbest
observation because in that particular
election everyone was biased there was
no option of the unbiased agent that's
not a thing now in normal normal
situations if they're going after normal
crime they don't really have a stake in
that crime they're just doing their job
their bias is just toward themselves and
toward the FBI in the country so
everything's fine but in this specific
case of this election which probably
wasn't the case in prim past elections
but this this one election of Trump
versus Clinton the level of bias for
every human who is paying attention was
off the chart so to say that this agent
has a problem with bias is just not good
thinking right of course it's true but
it's also like saying you're breathing
oxygen well it's true
but you didn't really make a point
because if it's true of everybody on
this point of just this presidency then
then you're not really saying anything
who was the agent they could have had on
that case if you show me an unbiased FBI
agent I'll show you an idiot
because if you were unbiased about this
particular election you weren't paying
attention and if you weren't paying
attention that aggressively I kind of
worry about what else is wrong with you
right my art Ras was off whatever that
is
now the smugness is a factor in how you
know people perceived him of course but
it's not an indication of whether he
lied or not the smugness tells you
nothing about the truth of his statement
it's just something you don't like it
just rubs you the wrong way
now I was watching uh let me let me
finish the the bio statement now drops
defense against accusations of bias are
that you know there's a part that you
can't take as being you know believable
which is that he's never been biased and
he would never do that now that might be
true but you can't take it on his word
because he's just been accused of that
of course he's denying it so you know
you don't really have anything to go on
there but he made a specific claim that
is I think at least a little bit
falsifiable or not I just say
falsifiable which is that the FBI system
would have caught any real bias in other
words he's he's making the case the
human beings are biased and that you
know his his bias was not at the level
that he thought he was intentionally
acting on it but that if he had
unintentionally acted on his bias or
even intentionally acted on it there
were enough other people who saw it and
that they would have called the down
unless of course they were also in on it
I suppose but that's a claim that I
think merits some investigation I'd like
to hear from some FBI experts people who
have worked there recently to tell us
whether that's true or not you know
could there have been enough other
people looking at his work that any
obvious bias would have been pulled out
immediately
now the IG I believe they concluded that
he was biased nobody is arguing that
point do you know why because arguing
that
boy is just stupid it's just stupid to
argue that he was biased because of
course he was biased do you know who
else was biased you me every single
person in the country so when the IG
says he was biased the IG could have
just as well said and by the way the IG
is biased because that's true too
probably a lot now when struck says that
he was fired not for his bias but for
the the optics the appearance of bias I
rate that claim 100% to true this is one
of the few things I could say with
complete certainty why is it a hundred
percent true that he was fired for the
impression of bias because the texts had
been discovered versus actual bias
because there was no claim by Comey of
actual you know acting through the bias
there is no claim in evidence that
something he actually did is he is is
proven by bias and it would be
completely routine and ordinary to fire
him for this appearance of bias or at
least to reassign him for the appearance
of bias so he so whether or not struck
has bias an act that is a separate
question from whether he was removed
from his job for the bias the only thing
they knew is that it looked like bias so
of course it was removed for the
appearance not the actual things he did
so he's a hundred percent true on that I
think his statement will stop it as two
explanations we meaning we bad people
within the FBI or we the public given
that he said it before the election and
we the public collectively it looked
like we're going to surely elect Clinton
that seems like a normal thing to say
yeah we'll stop it we the voters versus
we will overthrow the government which
would be weird and unusual so you're
going to need a lot more evidence for
that
what did people
say to me when I said what I just said
now people said okay Scot pretzel time
yes people said okay I see what you're
doing with that one example and if that
one example the example where struck
said by text will stop it if that were
the only evidence maybe I'd see your
point could be seen two ways if it was
the only thing in evidence sure but what
about all the other stuff you have to
look at all the other stuff because you
have to see this in context right false
bad thinking do you know why you are so
angry this is true most of you on this
periscope yeah are you that you're so
angry about the Russia collusion story
do you know why you're so angry because
every piece of evidence is weak but the
the anti-trump ours have have some them
all together to make them look stronger
let me give you an example Russia and
Trump must have colluded here's the
evidence
Don junior went to a meeting that he
didn't know exactly what it was about
but he hoped that that there would be
some information needed here about
Hillary which is completely legal you
know nobody can stop you from hearing
information there's no law against that
alright so people say well there there
you have it and I say no that's just
evidence if somebody went to a meeting
because somebody said I have something
that you'd like to hear that's not
illegal and it's not exactly colluding
with Russia because we don't know what
he would have done with that information
had it been real information would he
have said the smart thing which is oh
now I've got the information I'll go to
the FBI make sure they know that Russia
is trying to mess with us that we never
got to that point because they had no
information so people will say okay I
hear what you're saying that the Don
junior meeting if it was the only thing
about the Russia collusion it wouldn't
be that convincing
you have to look at it in context
because keep in mind that that Flynn you
know got in trouble for lying to the FBI
and for leaving some meetings with
Russians office thing and you say to
yourself okay if that were the only
thing that happened that wouldn't look
so bad it's just Flynn doing doing some
lying and left something off a list
probably not that unusual but you have
to look it in context because it was the
Flynn thing but also see where I'm going
confirmation bias works like this the
fact that there are lots of pieces of
evidence does not strengthen any one of
them alright the confirmation bias would
look exactly like guilty that you can't
tell the difference if you think you can
tell the difference between a big web of
confirmation bias and something that's
just true and look at all the evidence
for it then you don't quite understand
how reality is organized reality is not
organized in things that are obviously
true and things that are obviously not
them your brain is not up to the task of
sorting out truth from from from fiction
we're just not very good at it so the
things you should look at is if you see
a whole bunch of reasons but there's not
one of them that's convincing you got to
tell yourself it's that's a toss-up
between whether all that evidence means
something or is just your confirmation
bias if you believe that the Russia
collusion story is mostly a whole bunch
of little evidence that's not really
anything but they summed it all up to
look like it was if you think that's
what happened with the rush of collusion
story but you don't think that's what's
happening with the Peter Strock
collusion story then you don't
understand how a confirmation bias works
okay now I know that at least 20% of the
people listening to this or who see you
later
are going to say incorrectly Scott Adam
says that this one's true and this one's
false I'm not saying that I'm saying
that you can't tell the difference all
right said too much on that people are
telling me let's talk about Trump in the
UK and yesterday I tweeted around it was
a fascinating story I guess was in the
Sun in which they reported that
President Trump had deeply insulted
Prime Minister May and all right let's
get rid of this guy deeply insulted
Prime Minister may about brexit and if
you're like me you read that story and
you said I don't understand this story
because the story was that the UK wants
to do brexit which is already a
complicated topic and I would not claim
that I understand it very well but Trump
says if according according to this
report said that if the UK did brexit
the way they plan to do it some kind of
a weak form of brexit that the United
States would not be able to do a trade
deal with them or something and I said
to myself why you know the claim was
we'd have to do a deal with Europe
instead of them and we you know now I
don't know if the president was on to
something true or not
I guess he already walked it back this
morning and said oh it's complicated
situation but you know I think we can do
a deal with you so what I heard it I
just didn't understand even the point
or the economics or what this has to do
with anything because I couldn't
understand why the United States
wouldn't be able to do a deal I'm not
saying it's not true but the reporting
was completely empty
it was just empty calories of
if you do this we won't be able to do a
deal with you why what suddenly stops us
from doing a deal with Great Britain and
by the morning my question had been
answered the answer is nothing nothing
would stop us from doing a deal
so the funniest part is about that story
are that you know as I tweeted
apparently President Trump is trying to
overthrow the government of the UK and
replace it with Boris Johnson who as you
know is just president Trump's clone you
know he's the clone that didn't didn't
come out that well he was cloned version
1.0 and and so there's something
hilarious about the fact that the UK was
putting up this baby Trump a balloon you
know to sort of insult our president so
here it is you know the UK doing its
best job not not everybody in the UK but
members of the of the critics of the
president put up this baby
Trump balloon to to insult our leader as
he goes to visit and what what does he
do while he's there not only did the
insulting balloon defense system the I
BDS fail it did not it did not prevent
the president from visiting it
apparently it was a bad defense system
but not only that but he came in and
practically practically replaced the
government with his own clone in 24
hours now
it looks like if you saw the I only
caught the end of the press conference
with Theresa May and the president and
he actually used the word apologised I
think he actually used the word
apologised he said he apologized to
Theresa May and said they'd been taken
out of context essentially and that that
the the news report had left out the
compliments and you know made it look
worse than it was and and then he
reported that Theresa May said ah that's
that's just the press and then they
bonded over how bad
the presses so here's my take when I
looked at the the body language and the
way Teresa May and President Trump were
acting toward each other after all this
nastiness when they were just answering
prep questions with the press my take on
it was that their chemistry was
excellent would you agree that toward
the end by the time they were doing
their final press conference just an
hour ago or so didn't they look like
best friends I mean they looked beyond
comfortable they look like they enjoyed
each other's company now part of it is
that Trump used a pickup artists
approach called negging have you ever
heard of that and he n e GG inj you know
saying something negative and then you
know letting her earn her way back into
his into his affection now I don't know
that he did that in some conscious way
but the result of it was that because
there was this awkwardness which he
responded to by being the best friend
ever complimenting her telling her how
tough she is saying what a good
negotiator she is I think in a weird way
we came out ahead am i imagining that it
feels like it feels like he shook the
box like he always does until until he
got a situation he liked he got all the
attention
you know in a weird way correct me if
I'm wrong but did President Trump become
the most important politician in the UK
and one day that's what I saw it looked
like he sucked all of the energy and of
every other topic and of every other
politician and became the only
politician that mattered in the UK for
24 hours I've never seen anything like
that
so all of the things that he does in
this country he just took over there and
did it again
he just he just absolutely controlled
the narrative there they're not talking
about anything except what Trump is
doing insane right he just owns he owns
the press over there for the time he's
over there
so the entertainment factor here is off
the chart then I tweeted last night CNN
had a you know a little what do you call
that the chyron or the the label of the
title on the screen that said that the
president would be having tea with the
Queen today what I saw that that the
president would be having tea with the
Queen immediately after this story about
how he had insulted Theresa May and you
know it was this big diplomatic you know
dust-up which probably was more more
fake than real but I just laughed until
I cried because I thought if this were a
movie can you imagine a better
foreshadowing of what's coming because
you know you've got trumped the the
blunt American who's coming in and just
just mixing everything up and violating
all their norms and he's calling Angela
Merkel by her first name when he's over
there and he's he's arguing about the
the he's arguing about the pipeline
between Germany and Russia he's he's
browbeating NATO right in front of them
and after after all this setup after all
this you know incredibly provocative
yeah a high energy bull in a china shop
shake the box stuff
the next headline I see is Trump is
scheduled to have tea with the Queen and
I just say I'm in I'm in I am in I am in
for tea with the Queen if you could tell
me there was something coming better
than that I don't know what it is now
in all likelihood absolutely nothing
absolutely nothing would come of that
you know in all likelihood he would just
be polite and you know it would be not
much of a story but the but the mere
fact that it was scheduled next the the
mere fact that it was scheduled to be
next
it was just perfect theater now if you
were to understand the Trump presidency
as a three-act movie much the way I I
described his candidacy would be here's
what that three-act movie would look
like in act 1 something unexpected
happens that changes the course of
somebody's life that's what that's what
Act 1 in a movie is so act 1 is
somebody's life changes in a dramatic
way there's a death there's a marriage
there's a divorce or something and in
this case the movie was that the
president became president and probably
didn't even expect it himself
so suddenly he's thrown into this new
world and that's seen one scene one
where it's chaos and trying to figure it
out and how do I keep somebody on my
staff for 10 minutes scene 1 is now over
scene 2 sometimes referred to in the
book saves the cat which is you know one
of the famous books about script writing
scene 2 is often described as fun and
games so fun and games in scene two of
any movie especially comedies is where
the the star has endured whatever this
new changes and then something happens
in a series of scenes where there things
are going well it's like ah yeah okay
now this is happening here's a fun scene
here's a fun scene here's a fun scene so
nobody is in dire danger in scene two
it's just a whole bunch of interesting
scenes that you like to see together
that's where we are we are clearly in
scene two seem to is this stuff where
you can't take your your eye off the
screen
you're like oh my god I can't believe he
said that oh that worked out well oh I
can't believe he said that about the
pipeline look what he's doing to NATO
you know look what he's done to the
economy
you know economy is good look look at
kim jeong-hoon he's you know he's having
a level love-letter although North Korea
may be taking a step back which is
completely expected you know there you
know there's gonna be lots of you know
one step forward two steps back for a
while so that's normal business but
we're in the fun and games part of the
movie now if there's a if there's a
third act and if this follows the course
of the movie you would expect and you
know maybe it could be the midterm
election but that seems a little early
you could expect that there would be
something that looks very bad that's on
the horizon that we would also you know
escape from and and the movie ends on a
happy note so if something looks like
it's really bad coming whether it's
trade trade Wars or things go bad with
Russia or something like that don't be
surprised if you see something that
looks really bad before it gets solved
[Music]
something looks bad every week yeah so
in a normal movie there would be you
know lots of little challenges along the
way but act 3 is the special one where
you can't even imagine there's a way to
get out of it that's what makes it a
good movie all right what else is
happening
uh-huh correct me if I'm wrong but going
back to going back to struck did he give
an answer on the insurance policy
question and if not why isn't the news
talking about that did I miss it
the struck did not have an answer for
the insurance policy text was he asked
about it because I don't I also don't
remember seeing him asked about it is he
coming back
he talked around it oh he said he said
he could not answer because it was part
of an ongoing investigation right he
didn't answer because it was part of an
ongoing investigation now he was asked
in he deflected
he said he couldn't remember huh well
that's interesting saying you can't
remember that isn't that really isn't
the worst answer in the world if you're
given the choices right because there
are lots of ways that you can answer
that wrong yeah saying you don't
remember is actually a fairly strong
play because if you don't remember that
also says it wasn't important you know
it was something that wasn't even on
your mind so insurance policy that part
I think we probably all agree that the
insurance policy part is unexplained so
when you say so when I say that he's
credible on some answers and not
credible and others this would be a not
credible one so he does not yet have a
credible believable answer on the
insurance policy part and I believe
there are other questions about you know
whether you follow an FBI procedure to
do this or that and those are all
questions of legitimate credibility yeah
I think people have succeeded before
with the I can't remember why I said
that or thought that that it's probably
a reasonably good strategy
he really said it meant to Obamacare or
what said it was late at night and
didn't know what he was typing you know
what
yeah the defense he didn't use exactly
but I think I might have be tempted to
use is that there there are things you
say to a lover they just wouldn't say in
any other context you know I can imagine
for example yeah I can imagine me saying
that I would change the world to fix
something that just feels like something
I would say that Christina right
so if Christina said actually I'm
thinking of a specific example where I
actually did say that but I'm not going
to give you that example because I might
have actually changed the world on that
case but I could imagine me saying you
know if global warming is is a problem
let's say let's say you're your lover
was afraid of global warming
I could totally imagine me saying don't
worry I'll do something about that I
could totally imagine me saying that
because the way you talk to a lover is
just not the way you talk to anybody
else I'll take care of that for you you
know
Oh turn on the air-conditioning I got
that global warming stuff fixed
yeah
so there's certainly a credibility
problem with struck but let's not get
carried away with imagining that every
single thing he says must be a lie
because chances are that's not the case
no I'm not engaged
some people saw some pictures that
Christina and I posted and imagined that
I was we were getting engaged we're just
posing for a picture yeah I don't think
I've ever had a lower opinion of
Congress than I did after watching louie
gohmert and his is a lack there that
that's the that's the worst opinion of
congress I've ever had it was all it
really was already pretty low all right
I think that's all I got for today
and I will talk to you all later
you