boom boom boom Oh Joanne you're always
here so quickly
Susie hello come on in everybody
everybody else Joanne and Susie are up
what's wrong with the rest of you Ronald
Steffen virus Joe yay come on in here
Mike Stephen good to see all of you it's
time I think you would agree for the
simultaneous up it's gonna happen now
but only if you have your mug your
chalice your stein your cup your glass
and it's filled with your favorite
liquid I like coffee now let's enjoy the
simultaneous it that's good stuff let's
talk about megyn kelly
so megyn kelly gets fired from her
lucrative job at NBC because she used a
term which is widely considered racially
insensitive it doesn't matter what the
term was I'm not even going to talk
about it because apparently the the
words themselves are so offensive that
even just using them in any context and
here's the key using those words in any
context apparently is enough to lose
your job now here's the question well I
will accept as as givens as facts the
following things the words that megyn
kelly used are considered offensive by a
large swath of the public African
American public primarily but other
people as well and the question I have
is if you don't know that the words
you're using
are racially insensitive is that the
same thing as being a racist when you're
talking about a crime we have a standard
that says ignorance is not an excuse for
a crime but that's really just a
practical standard meaning that you
can't let people get off on a crime by
saying what I didn't know murder was
illegal alright so you can't have
somebody say that they just didn't know
it was a crime and therefore they're
innocent so in the legal system it makes
sense the saying you didn't know was you
know that you can't use that excuse but
in the real world if you offend somebody
by using some words that you didn't know
was offensive should you lose your job
for that I would say here's the best
standard and this is why I have
suggested what I call the 48-hour rule
the 48-hour rule says that if you say
something that's provocative or
offensive or or even just unclear and
people go whoa what did you say that you
have 48 hours from the puck from the
moment it's pointed out that there's
some problem with what you said 48 hours
to correct or apologize and if you do
correct and apologize within 48 hours
I believe this standard should be for
the benefit of society that you're good
with it that you got the clarification
you wanted or you got the apology that
you wanted this seems especially
important when somebody had no idea that
the thing they were saying would be
offensive to other people and I'm pretty
sure that the real problem is that the
people who are offended believe that she
knows what she was doing or that they
think my god you would have to know that
even using those words anybody would
know that these are these are offensive
words but I submit to you there are many
words that people use that they don't
know are offensive
I don't know if that's as obvious if
you're a member of the black community
but if you're a member of any non black
community you probably know that people
don't really have the same appreciation
for what words are offensive and what
words are not if it's not part of your
world
you just think their words you don't
know so I would propose the following
standard and and and let me say that I'd
like to talk about things in terms of
people's brands you know Beggan Kelly
had a brand and her brand is is quite
affected by this but I would say that
the way the black community has treated
her is terrible for the black brand if
if what the black community wants is
better relationships and I would think
everybody would want that right
you know wouldn't the black community
want the same thing every everybody else
wants which is just everybody to get
along if that's what they want now it's
not the one thing they want of course
they would also like to not be offended
they would like to not have racism they
would like to have equal opportunity
equal everything I think most of us will
all that stuff too but if you're a
member of the african-american community
and you're trying to make your brand be
better this worked in the wrong
direction this I think this made the the
brand african-american brand
worse because if somebody was
intentionally racist and you went hard
at them I think other people would say
well they're going hard at somebody
who's intentionally racist that's fair
looks fair to me it's not my problem but
if you go hard at somebody who literally
didn't know and I think it's pretty
obvious that she didn't know that these
words in the context she used them she
didn't use them you know in in every
context she used them in a very specific
context there's no way there isn't the
slightest chance that she would have
done that
if she thought there was any chance it
could be offensive no way so when she is
punished for something that no I won't
say nobody could have known lots of
people would have known I would say that
personally I would not have used those
words because I think I would have you
know a little alarm would have gone off
in my head it's like oh you don't even
talk about that stuff but the alarm
didn't go off in her head and she was in
a context in which even if she thought
bad thoughts she certainly wouldn't have
said them on television if she could
imagine what would happen to her if she
could imagine how offended people would
be so I think I don't like to be a mind
reader but I think this was pretty clear
that she didn't know it was offensive
if you don't know something's offensive
and you lose your job for it we live in
the wrong world I mean there's just
something wrong with the way we're
organized so talk about the system not
the specific case do you want to live in
a world in which you can accidentally
offend people have no idea that your
words were offensive and then lose your
freaking job over it black people to the
extent that you support megyn kelly
losing her job for something she clearly
didn't know was racist I think that's a
terrible decision terrible for your
brand that's all I'm gonna say about
that people can do whatever they want to
do but it's bad for the brand let's talk
about the bomber and let's talk about
some of the things we're hearing about
the bomber so of course the trolls have
come out for me and you can tell when
the trolls come out because they have I
think they have like three or four
things that they say to me but it's
always the same they use their own words
but it's always the same thing so the
big one is they make fun of my comic
strip in very similar ways so you can
tell these are the trolls
meaning that they're organized and so
that's one or they just come at me
personally or they whatever so I've been
getting giving a lot of heat for my joke
that I said early on in this bombing
situation when I found out the bomb the
bomb or at least one bomb wasn't made by
a master bomb maker when I saw the first
bomb picture the one that went to CNN to
me and then it didn't work to me it was
obvious these were not gonna be real
bombs but I didn't really know that I
was due to be fair I didn't know with a
hundred percent certainty that the rest
of the bombs were not real bombs but I
was pretty sure pretty sure and since
none had gone off and there was no loss
of life and the bombs were just so
poorly made they were silly I had to say
I made a joke and the joke was that my
first impression was that a Republican
was behind the bombing until I found out
the bombs didn't work now if you have a
sense of humor you would recognize that
this was just a joke all right it's a
joke in the political context yeah
obviously I was playing to the audience
it didn't mean anything it just didn't
mean anything but all of the the offense
shock troops came in so you get all the
the trolls who come in and say I'm so
offended how can you make fun of a
bomber to which I say I didn't make fun
of a bomber I made fun of somebody who
can't be a bomber I made somebody who's
not smart enough to be a bomber made fun
of them so that's really very different
than making fun of a bomber I would not
make fun of an actual terror attack in
fact if you've watched my periscopes for
any like the time you would probably
know I have a pattern which is when
there's a natural disaster I don't talk
about it for the first 24 hours use
I'm I'm sure there's some exception to
that but I usually just give us some
time I don't even talk about and but
this did not look to me like the real
kind of terrorism we're still going to
call it terrorism because the people who
received it were genuinely affected by
it and and that counts for something but
you know there's big terrorism 9/11 and
then there's you know my security crew
saw something suspicious terrorism which
is you know it's a it's a smaller level
yet still worth putting somebody in jail
for so was that worthy of joking was it
too soon people were saying too soon to
which I say yeah that wasn't too soon
other people said my god how do you know
this isn't funny you know how could I
not know that this is not funny to which
I say did you see there are seven
thousand retweets on this and there were
23,000 likes there seemed to be some
large number of people in the world who
believed that humor is objective meaning
that if somebody says that's not funny
that that's just an objective
observation like something is yellow
something is green it's not funny
funny doesn't really work that way funny
is subjective and the people who come in
to tell me I'm not funny
need to explain why I guess so many
retweets and why I've sold so many books
so they have to deal with that alright
let's talk about the conspiracy theories
with the bomber here are some of the
funniest things I've heard about the
bomber and it usually follows this form
and it goes if he was if this bomber was
really a trump supporter how can you
explain that he did this thing before
the midterms because any any reasonable
person would know that doing this
bombing thing
for the midterms would be bad for the
president that he supports how can you
explain that well let me explain that he
lived in a van so every time that
somebody says to you how do you explain
why he would do X just answer it the
same way he lived in a van I'll try that
again but this time I'll bring in BHEL
BHEL oh yeah if he's a trump supporter
Wow how do you explain why the stickers
on the van
looks sort of new the son from Florida
would have ruined the stickers it looks
like they were put on there recently
well is there anything else we know
about this bomber that happened recently
yes he tried to send bombs to people he
made ten fake fake or at least poorly
made bombs that he sent to people this
week I think we could make an assumption
that whatever level of crazy he was two
weeks ago
he's crazier now so if he did two crazy
things this week we should not be
surprised one send ten bombs to people
or fake bombs or badly made bombs we
don't know so if the same week that he
sent ten bombs to people he also put
some extra stickers on his van I'm not
going to call that surprising because
whatever his mental state was was
obviously cresting that week so you
should not expect to see one crazy thing
that week if you only saw one crazy
thing and everything else was normal I
would say you'd have some questions
about that but if he added a whole bunch
of extra stickers to his van the same
week that he said the bombs out I would
say that's perfectly explainable by the
fact that he wouldn't
in the last few weeks but if you're
wondering why he would make us such a
bad choice as to do it before the
midterms and hurt the guy he says he
supports let me get er 8 reiterate he
lives in a van
he doesn't make good life choices if
there's one thing we could say with
complete certainty about Caesar the
bummer
he doesn't make good choices so if your
reason that you think it's a conspiracy
not a conspiracy but yeah I guess you
call it a conspiracy if you think it's a
false flag because some of the things
this guy did don't seem logical to you
the way they've been explained so far
let me say it again
he lives in a van he doesn't make good
choices don't expect to see good choices
alright that's enough about him I will
do a small victory lap because I did say
it was going to be an older crazy older
Republican what was it that gave me the
clues for this well uh I'm not even sure
I know all of the things that I was
picking up on because sometimes you just
recognizing patterns and you don't know
why the other possibility is that I just
got lucky
I guessed and it was a 50/50 you know I
was either gonna be a lefty or righty so
I guess right so that's possibility and
the reason that I make more than one
prediction the reason I've been
predicting for three years is that it's
sort of the public experiment I talked
about it in my book win Bigley
which is coming out and paperback on the
30th you should get it when what was I
talking about I just saw a funny comment
there and then I lost my train of
thought
I literally just forgot what I was
talking about
speaking of Oswalt Sony mentioned Oswalt
Patton Oswalt mocked my joke too
now if you're a professional comedian
Patton Oswalt and you go to Twitter to
make fun of some another professional
humorous joke what the hell is that even
I don't make fun of other people's jokes
if they're professional comedians I
would never go on somebody's twitter
feed and tell a professional humorist
that one of their jokes is not funny and
they should delete it or something what
kind of professional community does that
there is some kind of you know
professional ethic that I thought was
somewhat understood that humorous don't
make fun of somebody else's joke you
know you could do it there's no real no
law against that but it always seems in
bad form to me yeah you lived in a van
down by the river that should really
that should explain everything oh I was
saying the what is it that I saw that
made me think it's not a conspiracy and
that it was really a Republican one was
the choice of De Niro De Niro is not the
guy you choose if you tried to do a
false flag alright if you were if you
were a smart person trying to make it
look like a Republican had done it the
first thing you do is you'd keep it
simple because the the rule number one
of a false flag is don't get caught and
this guy was not doing a good job of not
getting caught which argues against the
false flag so the first thing is you you
probably want something to actually burn
or actually blow up now you might not
want to kill people so perhaps if you
were doing a false flag you would blow
up an unoccupied church something like
that alright because you'd want to make
it look sort of violent and you'd want
it to be very visual and everything but
you wouldn't want to kill anybody
because it's a false flag so if you were
doing a false flag attack you'd probably
want to
not risk killing anybody and sending
them fake bombs or bombs that don't work
isn't the right way to not kill somebody
because you're scaring the very people
who are on your side and if you are such
a partisan such a partisan that you love
your side and you're all good people and
the other side let's say the Republicans
are all bad people you're not going to
do a false flag attack that harms your
side almost nobody in the world is that
evil right so even sending them fake
bombs even making their own side afraid
of bombs is not the sort of thing you do
even with a false flag attack because
you like your side and someday your side
might find out you were involved you
want at least your side to like you when
you're done with your false flag attack
so that that part didn't make sense De
Niro was sort of he was outside of
politics and if you're gonna send ten
bombs the odds of getting caught are 10
times the odds of getting you know of
getting cause sending one even a fake
false flag attack would know that
because if you would send one bomb or
let's say you'd planted one bomb and it
blew up that one bomb that actually
blows up it's going to be way better
false flag attack then ten bombs poorly
made that don't blow up and you've got
ten opportunities for getting caught on
camera ten opportunities for a
fingerprint on your bomb a false flag
person who's actually smart does one
thing and make sure that nobody gets
hurt alright this guy did ten things and
he did hurt the Democrats because it's
an actual terror attack because the the
threat of it is the tear apart so that
part didn't make sense as a false flag
and then when I heard then when I heard
that there was a clock on the bombs I
don't think I don't think enough has
been made of
point the moment you heard there was a
LED clock on the bombs you should have
known there were fake some bomb expert
said oh yeah that's the that's a tell
for a fake bomb they'll put a little a
little fake LED clock on it because
that's what you see on TV so the first
thing you should have known and for some
reason I knew that you should have said
LED clock that's that's a sign of a fake
bomb and it's a sign of more mental
problems than anything else and here's
why you should know that that was a fake
bomb nobody makes a mail bomb with a
timer because nobody knows the timing of
the mail you don't know if your mail is
going to it's gonna get delivered today
or tomorrow you don't know if it's gonna
kill the mailman you don't know and by
the time it gets opened for each of
these people who got one it's not gonna
be open by you know Bill Clinton you
know Obama isn't going to the mailbox
and opening his mail and I think pretty
much everybody knows that so if you
can't control when the bomb goes off and
and the M the timing is anytime within
like a day or two you don't send the
mail Bob
no nobody sends a mail bomb with the
timer on it I don't think that's ever
happened so that should have been your
clue that there was something just crazy
going on not clever anyway
it seems to me that the people who were
quite mentally committed to the idea of
it being a false flag attack are still
mentally committed and and here's one of
those situations where you can see what
I've been talking about for lo these
years since 2015 and that is that facts
don't matter where's my book hold on
don't go anywhere I'll be right back
damn it I don't have a copy of my own
book I need to cut keep a copy of my
book in my office anyway my book
wouldn't Bigley facts
I'm sorry persuasion in a world where
facts don't matter this is one of those
cases did the facts Kaiser Sousa well
that is funny okay so clearly this is a
case where people are not being affected
by the facts the people who believe that
there's a that it's a false flag are
being affected by the lack of proof that
it isn't that you know which is not
really anything just because there's no
proof it wasn't a false flag and just
because you can imagine how it would be
you know it's not very good information
so somebody's laughing because a
seizures say Zak it sounds like Kaiser
Sousa and it does which is a funny
coincidence let's talk about the
midterms so everybody's talking about
the midterms and what will be the impact
of Cavanaugh what will be the impact of
the caravan will be the impact of this
bomber on the midterms I will give you
my definitive answer about how these big
headlines will affect the midterm vote
are you ready drumroll and the answer is
it won't it won't so by now everybody
has made up their mind now if you ask
people and you said to them hey have you
made up your mind who you're voting for
you might be able to find people who
said oh you know not yet I don't know if
I'm gonna vote but they have made up
their mind
at this point this close to the election
pretty much everybody's made up their
mind so anything that happens in the
headlines or it has happened in the
headlines in the last few months
anything like that is it's gonna make no
difference there there will be what I
call the fake because there will be
people who say that X changed their mind
but they will just be using those as
excuses for things they were gonna do
anyway so at this point you can stop
asking will the headlines change the
result in the midterms the how people
vote is locked in at this point they
don't change their minds at this late
stage but there's might be a slight
difference in how much energy each team
has and how many people get off the
couch and go vote I would say that
people are going to be somewhat
exhausted by the actual election day and
by exhausted I mean they're going to be
exhausted by the news that the news is
just coming so fast and furiously that
that none of these stories are gonna
really be the the motivating thing you
think it's Cavanagh but honestly it's
been a few weeks and I think we're
almost over it in terms of energy so in
a world in which we thought we are all
energized it looked like both sides were
highly energized and probably that we
remain highly energized more than prior
elections so I think this might be you
know the most energized election we'll
ever have but within that context if
there's nothing that's the the brand-new
energizer we're all going to be dealing
with the energy that we have right now
and sort of riding this until Election
Day and it seems to me Republicans are
just gonna be a little bit more
likely to do what needs to be done so my
prediction I will I will keep with the
Republican turnout will be jaw-dropping
the Democrat the Democrats will have
also very high turnout which also might
be a might also be some kind of record
but I think the Republican turnout is
just gonna be insane that's what I think
compared to other years so we'll see
now the actual where it falls out my
guess is it's going to be someplace
closer to close in other words I don't
think it's going to be a blowout in
either direction I think there will be
no waves I don't know which way they'll
go but I think it's gonna be kind of
tight the experts are saying the Senate
will stay a Republican I have no reason
to disagree
I don't follow uh specific races all
right Wow
so what else is going on that's about it
so that about it
all right so there there has been kind
of a split in the Republican Party over
this bomber apparently there have been a
number of well-known conservative voices
who have said at least early on they
said that they thought it might be a
false flag I believe rush may have said
something about that there was a story
in NBC about how I'm nbc.com about how
people like me were saying it wasn't a
false flag and other people were saying
it was so I tweeted that out yeah I was
I was wondering if the bomber got his
training in Saudi Arabia because it
looked like sort of that kind of a caper
if you know what I mean didn't work out
so well
Stock Exchange somebody's asking what
are you asking about caravan making it
to the border will it change things I
suspect it won't change things I think
the the caravan story is a strange one
because it means everything's a
different thing to everybody and if it
means a different thing to everybody I
don't know that it'll have that much of
an impact my guess is that my guess is
that it will not turn especially violent
I sure hope so I hope it doesn't turn
violent
but I'm pretty sure the president's
gonna stop it I don't think he has any
choice really and I one of the questions
that interest me because I just don't I
don't know enough of I don't know enough
about the topics around this question
but if the US Army isn't allowed to do
its thing on American soil and I guess
that's the law so the our regular
military can't use arms and weapons in
the United States I don't know if
there's some exceptions there I guess if
we get it
there would be an exception but we can
use the military in other countries and
we don't have to ask the permission of
the other countries if it's an emergency
right like if we get attacked we didn't
have to ask Afghanistan for for approval
or Iraq for approval we did what we
needed to do is there anything that
would stop us from invading Mexico and
by invading I mean you know just go one
mile in or something to to meet the to
meet the caravan so that our military
meets them but we're meeting them safely
you know with maybe some you know water
and food you know we're not trying to
kill them but just stopping them and
couldn't we do that on Mexican soil the
only problem would be it would be
invading Mexico what the hell would
Mexico do about it I don't think
anything they're not going to attack the
United States because we went one mile
into their territory to stop a caravan
now here's where the the diplomacy and
the politics of it all I don't have any
appreciation for so I'm assuming there's
some stupid reason not stupid reason but
I'm assuming there's a good reason why
we shouldn't do that I'll bet there's a
very good reason that we should not send
our military one mile into Mexico so
that they could operate freely outside
of our border I don't know what that
reason is but if somebody has one let me
know now part of the explanation would
be that it's not even controlled by
Mexico the Mexican government doesn't
control their border I don't know if you
knew this but we learned this recently
and it's the cartels so the the
government of Mexico doesn't even
operate on their own border at least not
functionally it's the cartel who
operates the governments on the border
the government entities on the border so
even though we would be attacking you
know invading Mexico technically if we
were let's say one mile into their bort
their their territory we'd really just
be in cartel territory
it's not even territory that's owned or
controlled by the Mexican government so
what do you call what do you call
territory that's not owned by Mexico
this is it Mexico then the other
question I wondered is if the cartels
are functionally running big parts of
Mexico
maybe not Mexico City maybe not some
parts of the federal government but
functionally the cartels are the the
management you know the management of
Mexico for practical purposes looks to
be at least for a big part of Mexico the
cartels
so if cartel is the government of Mexico
and the United States could find some
way to tax the cartels we could pay for
a wall and I don't think the cartel
would care because about the wall anyway
because it doesn't stop them from doing
it if hey I hate to tell you but the
wall isn't gonna stop any drugs from
coming in apparently virtually all of
the drugs come in through the legal of
crossings they're just you know they're
hidden and tailpipes and stuff like that
so so we have at least a nonzero chance
that the u.s. army could confront the
cartels directly on the Mexican side of
the border and I don't know what the
cartels would do if they're smart they
would just pull back for a while so what
wonder if we could just permanently
occupy the zone the Mexican side of the
border we wouldn't that solve a lot of
problems if we just permanently occupied
the Mexican side of the border I I I
don't know what the problem is really
obviously the the Mexican government
would complain but in complaining they
would have to admit that
don't control the border how would the
Mexican government explained that the
u.s. had to invade because Mexico
doesn't actually manage their own border
territory the cartels do what would that
conversation look like it's kind of
awkward so anyway this is not a
recommendation so I'm not I don't know
enough about any of this topic for me to
say that this is a good idea but I'll
put it out there I'd like to know why
it's not a good idea there may be a
perfectly good reason and maybe I'll be
embarrassed when I hear it and somebody
will say Oh Scott
you forgot about X or Y that's why we
can't do that to which I would say oh
yeah good point
I changed my opinion but I haven't heard
any reason that we can't just walk on
the other side of the wall and do
whatever we want that's legal and
ethical and you know safe we already
have assets in the caravan maybe
somebody's suggesting here that the US
government already has spies if you will
within the caravan I wonder if that's
true
if it's not true we probably should have
tried to put a few informants in there
it does seem likely we would have
thought of that right so I wonder if we
do it know more about them then we say
better to legalize the drugs is there
any reason we don't do a local drug
legalization trial can you know people
say to be Scott well I'm going to tell
the story the way President Trump tells
the story I saw somebody on the internet
whose name is Dale which is funny talk
about the president having sir stories
you know where he tells the story and
they'll say that somebody came to him
came
President Trump as he's telling the
story and he'll say so they came to me
and they said sir can we do this and
then I said this so I'll tell this all
the same I'm gonna tell sir story anyway
so here's my question I don't know why I
brought that up
is there any reason Oh here's why
because people come to me and they say
sir they don't say that but it sounds
funny when you talk about that way so
people come to me on the internet and
they say sir why do you support the
president no matter what he does no
matter what he does to which I say I
don't do that here's a link to the page
I wrote about it all the things I
disagree here's here's my long list of
things I don't like you know I can like
some stuff and dislike others but one of
the things that I'm I would consider a
weakness of the Trump administration so
this is a pure criticism what follows is
that if you can test something small you
should do it if somebody has a good idea
and a good reason that it would work but
you don't want to roll it out for the
whole country there's no reason in the
world to not try as small try it in one
city one town in one County so why don't
we try drug legalization in one place
and just let it run for a year let us
know how it went because it's either
going to work or not work and not
working isn't going to look a lot
different than working I'm sorry
not working is not going to look a lot
different than if we had done nothing
all right so if we do a small trial
where we allow addicts to have legal
safe doses may be supervised while
they're working on getting off their
addiction if we were to do that and it
didn't work you know we just did it in
one city we gave them free drugs we
they were not the the bad dosas that get
you killed the worst that could happen
is the addicts have a safer supply of
drugs and then they say don't get off
the drugs or something but that's the
worst case the worst case scenario is
that they're a little bit safer than
they would have been that's the worst
now in that situation where the worst
case scenario has first of all already
been tried Portugal for example and it
has been successful and you can
absolutely try it small there's nothing
stopping you from doing this nothing
you've got resources you've got people
willing to do it you've got lots of
experts who say it's a good idea in that
situation if you're not trying it small
you're failing all right you're failing
so I'll say this as clearly as possible
the Trump administration on this
question is failing because these these
tests should be running right now so
that we can at least know whether it
works we don't have to decide to do it
we don't have to decide to make it
national but you absolutely should be
doing it and it should be we should be
focusing on it etc so that's a criticism
and I think that's a big one and it's
one I care about so if you come after
after me saying that I never disagree
with the president well here's the case
I absolutely disagree with not having
small trials all right the one City
trial won't stop the cartels though the
one city trial would not be an attempt
to stop the cartels it would simply be
testing the idea that you could reduce
overdoses by giving people a legal
supervised supply of the drug during the
time they're also trying to figure out
how to get off it perhaps maybe you're
putting them on suboxone which helps
them get off but the biggest problem
with suboxone is
supervision making sure they take it on
time and the right doses stuff so you
could test all this stuff Ron Paul
suggested this a while ago and he's
right I don't know if he suggested
testing is small but that's specifically
what I'm talking about
thoughts on Obama's speech totally
uninterested is it just me or is it was
Obama just no longer interesting he used
to be interesting and that's not a
criticism
I'm not criticizing Obama it's just that
our our new age the age of Trump he is
so interesting like him or hate him he's
really interesting that Obama who used
to be one of the most interesting people
in the world just sort of went down a
level in being interesting it's not a
good solution one drug to another I
don't know what you're talking about
if the the drug addiction folks use
suboxone to get you off the other
opioids because it's easier to taper off
this box them than it is to taper off
opioids that's the simple explanation
I'm believing in a lot of detail all
right I don't have much else to say so
I'm going to sign off for now I would
say we should expect a lot of new news
this week this is going to be new stuff
new news coming up I'll talk to you
later