good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization be that as it may if you'd
like your experience today to go up to
levels which nobody could even imagine
with the best imaginations in the world
well then all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass a tank your Chelsea's time
can't and joer flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous hip
and Happ
nowo oh my God I don't know if any of
you have ever tried
this it's
something I don't know I don't know when
it was the last time I ever tried it but
but I tried it yesterday and it's
amazing I got almost enough sleep has
anybody ever done that I mean it wasn't
like a ton probably 6 hours but 6 hours
is like you know that's like nine to me
so I'm like raring to
go let me at it my God you should try
sleeping I really recommend it I'll tell
you my two biggest sleeping tricks
number one if I exercise that day
perfect correlation one to one exercise
good sleep period no exceptions never
once not once in my life has that not
worked exercise equals good sleep so you
just got to get to sleep on time that
basically if you've exercised that day
there's nothing except getting to bed on
time that's it and then you solv the
biggest problem in your life right there
yeah you could take your melatonin you
can do all those things but I guarantee
you if you exercise that day you're
going to fall asleep you don't need any
of that stuff all right here's uh some
would you like some optimistic news
because it looks like the world's
falling
apart today I'm going to give you the
optimistic news a whole bunch of it just
a whole bunch of optimistic
news and of course a number of stories
about where I'm right about everything
you know the
usual um well and it has come up with a
uh discovery that they can make water
evaporate uh far more efficiently with
light than
heat does that sound like a big
deal doesn't really is that big deal but
you know that it uh apparently the light
without any heat under only the ideal
conditions has to be some kind of edge
condition that they can create the light
without heat will evaporate water far
more efficiently like way more
efficiently than
heat do you know what that means might
it mean it could mean that
desalinization just became
cheap it it could go down by a you know
factor of you know hundreds of percents
and that changes a lot because imagine
imagine if you could uh you could have
water
anywhere what what's the biggest limiter
to where people can live and how they
can grow food probably water as much as
anything right climate of course number
one but water is going to be the big one
so imagine imagine if there's a
technology in five years where pretty
much anybody can live off
grid and just have a little device and
it makes all the
water they want now there a whole bunch
of there have been a whole bunch of
breakthroughs in producing water out of
the
atmosphere but so so between the
atmosphere that they can now suck the
water out of that already exists and
then this thing which might be a to
desalinate as
scale could be that our real estate
options just increase by 100 right there
just more places you could live without
without having a city bring a pipe to
you so that's one thing here's another
one that is just this is just
so perfect
you know this is one of those things
that makes you think the simulation is
real and that the life we're living is
at least partly scripted like a sacom
you know there'll be little things that
happen that you say how did that happen
by coincidence that had to be in a
script somewhere there's no way this
happens by chance all here's another one
um big Improvement in Steam
Engines as you say to yourself Scott why
do we need Improvement in Steam steam
engines are you going to be running your
car on of steam engines God no no no no
turns out the steam engines have been
used for I don't know how many decades
to produce
electricity so if you've got uh some big
source of energy uh like a falling
waterfall it could drive a generator
which could drive steam engines I don't
know now that's the wrong example I
think it's nuclear right is it nuclear
that drives the steam
engines yeah nuclear power steam anyway
so if you want to make a lot of steam to
make energy from nuclear power uh the
the way we've done it
traditionally is with some kind of steam
engines um used in power plants
worldwide but it turns out that
technology is from the 19th century
we're using steamed
turbines from the 19th century so they
found a way to run the steam turbines
without
water what what would you guess is the
replacement for the water that gives it
a huge increase in energy
production
CO2 liquefied CO2 I guess you could put
CO2 under pressure and liquefy it and it
makes your steam engine or some modified
steam engine way way more efficient it
looks like it's all doable like there's
nothing that would stop them from doing
it so here's something that could uh
have a huge impact someday on our energy
costs at the same time desalinization
could have a huge impact now if you've
got cheap water or at least ubiquitous
and you've got way cheaper
energy that's a good world isn't it
because then all you need is robots and
Ai and those are both coming more on
that
later all right um you probably saw that
Joe Rogan talked to Elon Musk and made
about 10 pieces of news you know one of
them is that Joe Rogan shot his bow and
arrow at the side of a cyber truck and
it did not penetrate it but I'm told if
it had been a normal car that that bow
uh from the distance was pretty close
would have gone right through a door of
a normal
car which is kind of impressive I had no
idea that an arrow could be that
powerful but apparently it's as powerful
as a gun at a short
distance um now the interesting thing is
that the glass windows are not uh
bulletproof so as Elon says you're going
to have to duck if somebody starts
shooting at your car you're still going
to have to duck because it will break
the window now they could have
bulletproof glass but it would be so
thick that Elon says it's too hard to
make it go up and down so that's not an
option really I mean it is an option if
you don't want to ever put your windows
down um but most interesting thing in my
opinion that must said was about George
Soros and he speculated that George
Soros had a you know troubling childhood
and that might contribute to the fact
that at least by his actions says musk
it would appear that he hates
Humanity because his actions are so so
anti- human that maybe has something to
do with the
upbringing
and to which I
say I like I like the line of thinking
but there's a problem with it which you
know may be a solvable problem but why
is his son exactly on the same page
because his son would have been raised
in a privileged upbringing so if
somebody's bad childhood is what makes
them hate
Humanity wouldn't uh Alex Soros the guy
who's in charge at the moment the son of
George Soros wouldn't the son have had
more like an ideal upbringing and have
no interest in destroying Humanity he
looks like he's having a good
time so whatever the truth is here and
this might be right I mean musk might be
exactly right he just he's a he's a
broken man with a hatred of humanity but
I usually think that's not the case
uh my best I've told and by the way musk
also says he thinks Soros is scile so I
think that's the better
explanation I I see one of I see a
couple of different possible
explanations for what appears to be
anti-humanity
actions the example would be funding
prosecutors who don't want to prosecute
crime
and my first my first uh this would be
just a
speculation or it would be a theory I
guess so it's not based on any facts
there could be some
intelligence um some country that has an
intelligence group that controls Soros
so maybe he's just controlled by some
foreign entity that wants the United
States to be destroyed in which case
he's just doing what he has to do for
whatever reason to stay alive or to stay
Rich maybe they have some blackmail on
them I don't know but he he acts like
somebody who's controlled by an enemy
because what he does is so dangerous to
America that's one possibility the other
possibility is that um he doesn't
exactly know what he's doing and that he
has a sprawling Empire and he hasn't
been paying attention and when people
talk to
him when people talk to him they say
some version of everything everything's
great your money is going to these great
causes you're saving the world and then
he doesn't read maybe newspapers that
have bad articles about him so maybe he
just never sees the other argument and
he's told by his people who are
receiving his money and want to receive
more of it hey you're doing great do
some more of this and then he gets lots
of PS on the back and he feels like he's
really helping the world but maybe he
lives such
a small world at the moment cuz he's age
that he just kind of doesn't know what's
going on it seems like it it seems to me
like he's not aware of it now that would
also explain why his son would not be
able to change the boat because the dad
presumably still has his full authority
to fire his
son it could be that the son's just
waiting for the dad to die and then he's
going to reverse some of the worst parts
of the father's philosophy but he may
you know Alex might know again this is
just speculation I have no idea of
knowing who's thinking
what but there's either something about
blackmail something about
senility something about what
information he receives versus what you
receive something like that but I don't
quite buy the bad childhood
explanation because it it would seem
just as likely that the bad childhood
would want him to be a a celebrity and
do the right
things unless he thinks he is which
would be the information problem so we
don't know but it was an interesting
speculation and I would love to see
somebody set his son down and ask the
following
questions what's going on it looks like
your father is trying to destroy
civilization how could you explain it
I'd love to say that interview that's
never going to happen all right
uh as musk pointed out the two biggest
donors to Democrats were George
Soros who arguably looks like he's
trying to destroy civilization no joke
that's a that's like a serious
conversation by serious people that he
may want to destroy civilization that's
their biggest
donor now I don't know that he wants to
destroy civilization but it's a serious
question that's pretty
scary second biggest Doner was Sam
bankman freed a con
man
basically so those are their two biggest
donors so if you're wondering hey why is
everything
up well maybe it's because the two
biggest donors are one is seems to be an
evil genius Crook and the other one
seems to be demented Evil Genius I
billionaire maybe if you follow the
money it gets you to exactly where we
are which is a completely corrupted
government that's of no use to the
people all right some uh new science in
the category of you should have just
asked Scott you would have saved some
time um turns out two separate studies
one on gratitude and one on empathy so I
guess empathy could reduce depression
that's what one study says so thinking
about other people and caring about them
could make you less depressed do you
know who else knew
that I
did didn't you all know that I I thought
it was sort of
obvious I've always in fact um I may
have told you this in the past
before I guess all of my dilber
career um when I was getting more than I
needed for myself whenever I had a bad
day I would just randomly do something
awesomely good for somebody
else and I always cheered
up 100% of the time it worked I just
pick somebody and say you know what
today's your lucky day and just made
somebody happy like in some substantial
way and oh my god it feels good yeah so
they could have saved a lot of money in
this study just ask me I I've been doing
it for years it works every time and
I've recommended it to people and when
they try it works every time right you
really didn't need to study that here's
another one uh gratitude can make you
healthier
again ask me I could have told you that
uh in fact most self-help gurus could
have told you that that gratitude is a
very healthy mindset it's going to make
everything work better and it does so so
what do gr gratitude and empathy have in
common gratitude and empathy it's about
getting you out of your own head and
making you think about the well-being of
other people and the value they have in
your life the Gratitude part so getting
out of your own
head is is the trick for not being
depressed now why is there a gigantic
mental health problem in the United
States at the moment well I would say
again you you don't need to do a big
expensive study let me explain it to
you it's your
screens when I was a child human beings
were human beings and if if I watched
television you know that was just
television that wasn't really my life it
was just a thing I did something but if
your life is mostly online your friends
are online everybody's online are those
people
real kind of I mean you mean you you
know that they're real people but do
they have the same effect on you in
terms of let's say gratitude and empathy
as somebody in the real
world my guess is no my guess is that
our social life has turned into a social
life in which gratitude and empathy are
hard to express because you're just
people on screens the people who are in
the room with you you can have gratitude
and empathy just naturally and easily so
it could be something about how much we
see people in
person that makes sense and we know that
uh loneliness of course works against
your happiness so a lot of it is just
very obviously screens you can see that
the graph of mental illness spikes
exactly when smartphones came into the
market is pretty obvious at this point
that's what it is but more generally
having a good attitude about life is
good for your health and your mental
well-being so no surprises there well
it's uh almost one year ago God it seems
longer since Elon Musk bought the
Twitter platform and now turned it into
X think about what people said when he
bought
it uh it's the last day of Twitter
Twitter's going to fail he's destroyed
this valuable
asset what's the latest update the
latest update is it might be cash
positive in
2024 uh and the engagement is higher
than
ever and he's driven out the government
uh oversight on the platform which was
essentially not essentially it was
directly government uh blocking your
free speech and when when musk talks
casually about how bad twitter was when
he bought
it and that basically it was a
government organ and he says that the
other entities at least the social media
he says they're just government organs
that they can only do what the
government tells them they can do
there's no free speech there so he
claims and I think this is true that the
only place Free Speech exists is on
X I think that's exactly true there's
the only place Free Speech exists is on
X and you know and that's limited by you
can't go too far but I don't think
that's hurting
us all
right
so that's kind of amazing and I like to
take a little bit of every day to just
thank Elon Musk for what I believe was
primarily a unselfish
act you know you could always make some
argument well you know you could always
say with rich people well lose forther
ego or whatever I don't know he's a
different kind of cat it does look like
he did this for the world and it worked
and and and I do believe that so well
you know history is strange because the
winners write it and all that but I
think this is one of the biggest events
in American
history musk getting the government an
of x to me this is on this is on a level
with the Boston Tea
Party you know is is right up there with
the most important things that have ever
happened in the
Republic so thank you thank you Elon
Musk
he had an interesting uh explanation of
why Twitter became a
toilet um and he says this
geographical that San Francisco has
always been sort of an
oddball uh culture but usually it was
geographically constrained you could go
to San Francisco and there would be some
weird people there and then you would go
home and it didn't bother anybody they
they could be weird in San Francisco
Isco and you could go to your house and
not have any of it but once once Twitter
started hiring locally which everybody
does um they turned this Niche or Niche
philosophy into a worldwide phenomenon
through their control of the
algorithm and that's where it all went
to hell so in the old days that in the
old days they would have just stayed
localized and nobody would have known
the difference it's a fascinating
way to explain it you know all these
things could have 10 different
explanations depending on you know what
frame you decide to look at but that's a
really interesting
frame that technology allowed pockets of
craziness in this weird way just because
the company was centered there to become
worldwide it's a good
explanation
um let's
see uh here's news about Tik Tock
apparently Republicans are renewing
calls for a Tik Tock ban because it
turns out that oh oh didn't see this
coming oh total surprise who could have
ever seen this coming that as soon as
something's really important let's say
the Gaza situation that Tik Tock was um
I guess his study showed that the
pro-israel messages were about I oneth
of the SC of the pro or the anti- Israel
messes it was enormously balanced
against Israel which is against the
United States in this particular case
enormously enormously now let me ask you
do you think that happened on its
own do you think the tick tock owning uh
Chinese people said you know let's just
let this one play out oh wow surprise
lots lots of different people like the
Palestinian side
no ladies and gentlemen it's exactly
what I've been warning Congress about
for 5 years for 5 years I've been saying
stop talking about the data security
problem that is a diversion it might
also be a problem but it's a diversion
the real problem is the heat button that
China or Tik Tok owned by China can push
one button that is literally labeled
heat which they admit they have
that can boost any message you don't
think they push that
button do do you think that China sat
there and thought to themselves you know
if we did push this button it would be
really really bad for
America and they probably wouldn't do
anything about
it and it would be perfect crime because
nobody knows you push the
button and then you think that they had
that conversation with themselves and
decided to not push P the button that is
that what you think do you think they
didn't push the button because oh that
would be biasing things no no it's
exactly what I told you would happen if
you allow Tik Tock it is the user
interface to Young mines in America and
other places but the American mines The
Young Ones under you know some age are
completely controlled by Tik Tock and so
China built a user interface for our
young people's brains you know the
future of the world future of our
country anyway and then they put a
button on there and they even told us we
have a button that's the user interface
to all the young people's brains in
America but you know we don't like to
push it for any bad reasons oh oh fine
thank goodness you have that button that
you could simply push and it would
change the
world in a way that's good for you and
bad for your enemies but you're you're
not going to push it right do you
promise Pi you swear don't push
it that's that's amazingly that's the
situation we're in and now there's some
Republicans saying hey hey I wonder I
wonder if this is a problem oh I
wonder again may I
say they should have asked
Scott for pretty much all of the science
and politics you should have just asked
me I could have told you this was coming
and it's not and I also make a further
prediction that Tik Tock has sufficient
control of our Congress and sufficient
control of the Democrats and sufficient
control of our news sources that this
won't
change my prediction is Congress will
not ban Tik Tock because Tik Tock
already owns Congress they lost that's
what it looks like to me to me it looks
like it was a battle and Congress lost
and there's no way they can reverse it
because the you know the the tentacles
are already around
them all right
um I controlled myself and I can't
believe I did it when Matthew Perry um
tragically died in his hot
tub it took every bit of my
self-control not to tweet the word
fenel I mean I I had to just like pry my
phone out of my own hand because it's
the obvious the obvious thing that makes
you die suddenly if you're an addict is
you got some fenel that you didn't know
you were getting but it turns out he had
none in his system there was no fenel in
his system so I'm I'm chastising my
imaginary self that couldn't control
myself and I I said that that when it
would have
been really inappropriate and tacky to
say it but God I wanted to so that's bad
on me but uh we so we don't know if I
had to
guess well I won't guess I I guess I'll
let the process play out so I guess
there's a little bit of still some
mystery of what what it might have
been um over in s Switzerland they've
built what they call suicide pods it's
like a coffin-sized pod with a glass top
and you can get in this if you're ready
for assisted suicide and they'll just
turn up the
uh uh they fill it with nitrogen gas
which rapidly lowers oxygen levels
causing its user to
die I assume this is painless otherwise
it wouldn't exist now of course the um
the opponents say my God this will be a
abused would you agree that it will be
abused and it won't just be people who
are you know in Desperate end of life
situation but that it would naturally
slide down to people who are just having
a bad time in life yeah probably so I'll
tell you I have very mixed feelings
about
it number one for 30 years I've imagined
the invention of this product pretty
much exactly the way it exists except I
didn't know what gas would be involved
um although I thought it would be used
for murder I thought it would be more of
a murder
device here will tie your hands and put
you in this pod and next thing you know
you'll be dead so um I have mixed
feelings about it because on one hand it
looks like it will definitely be
abused no doubt about it but you know
what else is
abused
everything food is
abused like the most innocent thing in
the world is our food we all abuse our
food until we're like you know dying
from food eating too much food so
there's nothing we don't abuse so on one
on one hand you could say hey it's going
to lead to all these abuses on the other
hand you could say well if it's a free
country at the moment this is only in
Switzerland but if it were here I could
easily say yeah it's totally going to
get abused so are guns so is food so is
alcohol so are cigarettes all legal all
abused so the fact that something is
abused to the point of death is not a
stopper I mean if we were going to be
objective about it it wouldn't be a
stopper for any product so would it be
abused yes um especially you know if
things get worse in the future
economically Etc but on the other hand I
really really want this option from for
myself although I don't like the
claustrophobia right before you die of
being in a little in a little casket
thing I don't like that part but I
certainly like the option to be able to
go out in my own terms so I got mixed
feelings about
that um here's another one should have
asked Scott uh climate scientist Roger
Roger py Jr who has long been on the
side of let's say
um skep
ISM
so
skepticism and I don't believe he's
saying that there's no connection
between CO2 and warming I don't think
he's that kind of skeptic he's a skeptic
on the
models so that's the part I know he's a
skeptic about so I have less less
knowledge about what else he might be
skeptical about but he has you know
another uh I guess he gave a speech or
something recently and he talked about
all the problems with the models but
here's the one that makes the most
difference so apparently there are
several models that people could use to
do their additional science and say if
this changed what would happen we study
this variable if you add this variable
to the existing model what happens so I
guess they've got some you know a low
medium and high models that are most
often used you know the worst case best
case average case and which one do you
think they usually use to show the
effects of their science if you said
they use the worst case scenario You' be
right do you know why they do that
because if you make a a paper or
discovery which shows the most
cataclysmic eventual outcome you get
you're more likely to get funded because
that makes it more important and you're
more likely get get attention and you're
more likely to get promoted and you're
more likely to get more grants so
basically the system is designed to
incentivize people to always chase the
worst case
scenario and the worst case
scenario could happen but it's probably
the least likely outcome you somewhere
in the middle is the
usual so there it is again now um I hate
to brag no I love to brag but
everybody who ever had any experience
doing Financial modeling or any kind of
modeling of the future we all knew this
like we all knew that all models that
predict the future are just financially
driven period there's no exception to
that if it comes out of a corporation
they're showing you something because
they want to make money if I produced a
number as part of my analysis of what
you know the financial long-term effect
of some decision would be which was my
job I knew I was just doing what my boss
needed me to do to support what he
already wanted to do like everybody
knows that that's just common knowledge
so did I did I need to be told by an
expert who knows a lot about it Roger
pilki Jr did he need to tell me that the
financial models are being gamed and are
not any kind of indication of reality he
did not need to tell me that that was
obvious
super obvious from day one I've never
I've never had a different opinion the
first time I ever heard that there were
long-term data uh predictions I mean I
just laughed there's nobody who does
this work or any version of this work
who thinks you can even do that there's
no such thing as predicting the future
about
anything
yeah
anyway um so just say ask me next
time so the Wall Street Journal uh has a
uh story that says the rate of babies
dying in the US Rose significantly for
the first time in two decades wow
increasing 3% from 2021 to wow so just
recently the last 20 up to 2022 a big
increase in babies dying in the United
States according to the latest federal
government so does that sound like real
news to you do you think it's real news
that the rate of babies dying in the US
Rose significantly for the first time in
two
decades well that headline was directly
over the graph that shows the rate of
death and the graph showed that it's 104
times recently that it's
uptick so the graph proved that the
headline was
false and then there was still an
article about it
after the graph because let I I I don't
think I misread the graph can somebody
confirm I mean I just need a fact check
on this this direction is down right
where I'm pointing can you confirm that
that's down right am I confused about
that yeah okay that's down now here's
the part where I'm confused about is
this direction
up I think it is so if they had a graph
that had substantial portions of it
that were pointing in this direction is
that up or down I'm forgetting again oh
it's up it's
up and was it in the last 20 years yes
all four of the upticks were in the last
20
years what kind of story is
this am I confused or did they literally
write a headline that didn't match the
graph their own data I don't know what's
going on I I'm just actually confused by
it but don't believe
data don't believe believe news and
don't don't believe
data here's what I think
happened you ready for this I think it's
cognitive
blindness where smart people even groups
of smart people can be blinded to the
obvious because there's something else
going on basically that's how all magic
tricks work a magic trick takes your
brain to the place where you can't solve
the trick your your brain is just
working on the wrong problem here's what
I think and this is just wild
speculation that we've been served up
for 3 weeks now stories about dead
babies because of the Gaza
situation right every every hour on the
hour for three weeks I've heard about a
dead baby so then some data comes out
that says there's an uptick in dead
babies in the United States could that
blind the people involved to the point
where where they could only see the data
as more dead babies because they've been
fed more dead babies more dead babies
highest rate of dead babies so many dead
babies all dead babies dead babies dead
babies oh here's some data sure enough
up taken dead babies write the story
write the story and did they actually
write the story while looking at the
data they showed that there was no
uptick that was unusual there is an
uptick but not an unusual
one that's actually possible in the in
the hypnotist world if you had a
hypnotist filter on the
world I'm not saying that's what
happened I'm saying it would be
perfectly within the normal realm of
behavior that somebody would be
cognitively blinded and not even notice
that the graph didn't match the headline
now I'll be embarrassed by tomorrow
because by tomorrow the Wall Street
Journal will explain why I read the
graph wrong but at the moment I'm just
confused so you should wait for the
other side of the story story this this
is sort of the documentary problem
you're hearing me me make a claim but
you've not heard the Wall Street Journal
saying Scott you're looking at the graph
wrong or you know maybe you interpreted
it wrong or something so just consider I
could be wrong about this wait till hear
the other side if there is
one all right I saw a lawyer for some of
the January six people somebody who goes
by Shipwrecked crew on the xplatform and
and is apparently a lawyer with some j6
clients and he makes this claim he or
she makes this claim I have two new
clients charged with j6 crimes neither
went inside the capital and there are no
allegations of any interference with the
police I'm not aware of any previous
cases where defendants were charged just
for being present outside the building
and
watching if anyone knows of such a case
mentioned in the comments if this is a
new standard for the Department of
Justice there are thousands of potential
defendants still on charge now question
number
one is this an accurate description of
the
situation well remember this is coming
from a lawyer who is a proponent for
clients so the lawyer is going to put it
in the most minimalistic description of
what
happened but let's let's say that the
the main claim is true that they didn't
go inside and they didn't interfere with
police what could they have been doing
that would get them
charged what you can't you can't be in
the general area of other people doing a
crime inciting because they were saying
things well if it's inciting it's going
to be
everybody I'll tell you my
interpretation of this is that
um Democrats mostly
are looking for any excuse to increase
the number of Republicans they're
putting in jail which I call
hunting this to me looks like lawfare
hunting where they're literally looking
for Republicans that they can jail to
make sure that Republicans stay in line
in the future I think it's not so much
about punishing anybody I think it's
about creating a standard of fear so
that Republicans will know that if they
get you know anywhere near a line
they're going to
jail
yeah um do you know I consider my
biggest risk in my
life I consider my biggest risk being
jailed for a crime I did not
commit it's 2023 in
America literally my biggest risk and
there are plenty of things that can you
know be risky but my biggest risk is
going to jail for a crime I didn't
commit that's that's reality of America
in
2023 and you know if you've watched Mike
covich tweeting
lately he would be an obvious Target for
the bad guys to want to invent a crime
and charge him with it I think they
would be sorry if they did
that that that would be way more push
back than than they understand but
I think we're all we're all at risk at
this point anybody who's talking about
the news and a way the Democrats don't
like I think we're all at
risk that's America
2023 all right I asked on the the
xplatform uh can you describe any way in
the world that the national debt could
be paid off and we are not running as
fast as we we we can toward certain
doom and nobody could do it but I saw
one
suggestion that made me think it might
be
possible now I'm going to go to the
Whiteboard whiteboard I'm going to
explain maybe the best case scenario for
paying off the
debt now there there are things that you
can do when the debt is small that you
can't do when the debt is enormous and
growing at an enormous rate the normal
way
uh if you've got a crushing
debt or just debt in
general
um you either have to create money from
nothing you have to create money from
nothing move
this uh or inflated
away and there there are basically three
ways three ways to get rid of a
debt and by the way this is my first
draft sort sort of a first take so if
anybody knows more than I do about this
topic you know tell me to add something
or subtract something right so we're
just getting the conversation going the
reason I'm doing this by the way is I've
seen no serious person describe how you
even could possibly like even in the
best case scenario how could we get off
of this uh trained Doom which is the
debt I've heard nobody do it have you
has anybody heard anybody serious
describe any scenario where we're not
doomed from
debt right you haven't heard it so I'm
going to give you what I think is the
first the first
possibility I think it's possible but
boy would it take some things to go
right I think they might actually but
here are the options there could be some
kind of weird uh crypto trickery by
trickery I mean something that I can't
quite imagine and I wouldn't know how it
works but the basic idea is that crypto
can create an artificial value from
nothing right so that that's the only
thing I'm starting with we've got this
huge debt and we don't have the money to
pay it but what if we just invented
money now you say to yourself but Scott
that creates 10 new problems maybe but
I'm just saying is is there any play not
one that I can quite describe but is
there anything you could do that would
one time only now here's the key one
time only create a bunch of money and
pay off the debt is there any way to do
it now before you say haha it's obvious
that it won't work I would I would bet
that you know less than me not more if
you believe it's obvious there's no way
to do it I can't I can't take you
seriously at all
I'm not saying I know how to do it I'm
saying that crypto literally creates
money that people will accept out of
nothing so maybe there's a play there I
just don't know how how I would do it
all right here's the other things um I
believe the debt is too big to inflate
away meaning you could you could try to
inflate it away but remember it's
growing to trillion a year how much
inflation would you need to inflate it
away I believe the answer is too much
meaning that that rate of inflation
would just destroy the country basically
your your standard of living would just
go to crap now so can we all agree that
inflating it away if that's the only
thing you're
doing won't work do you think that's
true now in the past a smaller debt you
could actually inflate away in fact
that's where that's where we were at a
few years ago this can't be inflated
away so the the other way to go would be
a massive Improvement in
GDP normally our GDP grows what 2 to 4%
a year that is nowhere nowhere near
enough to pay down the debt not not even
in the same universe you would need
something like and this is just sort of
The Economist off the top of my head it
feels like you would need something like
a very rapid 40% % increase in our
GDP how many of you would accept that as
sort of a a ballpark for just talking
about the topic a 40%
increase is there anything in the world
that would make the economy increased by
that
rate war war is the wrong answer because
War creates more
debt yeah War creates a lot of activity
but it also creates more
debt here's here's what I
think and this is partly a borrowed
idea suppose suppose you get a president
Trump or a president ramaswami I'll just
take two Republicans as my example both
deal makers both understand capitalism
both know how to get rid of
regulations uh both know the value of
fossil fuels in the short term right so
they're basically the right
right people for the job imagine them
coming in and doing something so radical
that the cost of energy drops to almost
trivial is that possible absolutely you
just remove the um prohibitions against
small nuclear reactors that's day one
you just say look we're not even going
to have state standards there's going to
be a federal standard and it's going to
be friendly to the industry because we
don't have an option now so you build a
bunch of nuclear reactors is a risk
probably but it's way better than the
risk of just spending yourself into a
certain Doom if those are your two
options you're going to take a little
extra risk on your nuclear development
because even if you get a meltdown on a
small reactor it's going to be way less
problem than spending yourself into
Oblivion so given the energy is such a
large portion of our total expenses if
you could just subtract that from our
expenses suddenly everybody has more
money that's a reverse inflation PR
GDP thing now it's not just that it
reduces your current expenses if you
could take energy from its current um
current level to closer to
zero then there's a whole bunch of
businesses that become economical that
could not have been done before because
there would be too energy um intensive
one of them would be
desalinization right imagine the number
of companies that would immediately go
into the small nuclear reactor plus
desalinization business I mean that
alone would be you know a trillion
dollar business and it wouldn't be
practical until you had that power
source so imagine drilling like crazy
getting rid of
regulations um you know building nuclear
building Elon Musk says if you build a
100 mile by 100 mile solar facility you
could power the entire United
States does anybody want to check his
work does anybody want to take a chance
that he got the numbers
wrong I don't think I'm going to go down
that that path and actually I I do think
there's an argument there
um if you listen to some the critics
will say you can't get there with solar
but I'd like to have that
conversation but I'd also like to see
see robots build um
facilities so because the robots can do
it cheaper so if you've got cheap
electricity and energy suddenly robots
are way more um practical because the
cost of your robot is probably going to
be half energy cost and half material
cost you know at some point if you could
take the half of the energy cost closer
to zero suddenly I'm buying two robots
Elon mus said that he thought the Tesla
robots um that are already can be taught
skills you can already teach him to you
know fold the laundry and stuff uh that
he he might sell more of those than
anything else he's doing bigger than
Tesla bigger than SpaceX I don't know if
it' ever be bigger than SpaceX
but so robots plus
AI plus cheap
energy creates an industrial type
Revolution greater than anything we've
ever experienced yet and there are
probably two candidates who could give
this world to you and they're both
Republicans there is no chance that a
Democrat could ever pay off the the debt
because Democrats are limited in their
options they're not going to remove
regulations they're not going to do
anything that hurts one belated grass in
the
environment and they're not going to do
anything that their base reflexively
doesn't like such as nuclear
power so there's no way that a Democrat
can get you to uh anything that's not
total
doom and there is a way and I think it's
a stretch honestly this none of this is
easy none of it's predictable but it's
there it's there yeah we could all have
solar roof tiles and be powering our own
homes and making our own water and yeah
the only thing left is good waste
treatment which I think will turn into
some kind of like laser beam that turns
all of your waste into CO2 that gets
used in the steam engine or something
um but that's
coming that's coming all right is this
the best explanation of debt repayment
options you've ever
seen it is isn't
it
it I saw one person say no if there's
somebody who did a better job of
explaining the options can you send me a
link because I've never seen one I've
never seen anybody get close now when
you say it's not the best description is
it because the the crypto part which
part are you complaining about just the
crypto part because the rest is very
ordinary everybody would agree that we
can't inflate it away everybody would
agree that more GDP would work everybody
would agree that more energy would be
good everybody would agree that robots
are good right so it's it's really the
crypto part that you don't like
right crypto equals tulips well here's
something I think you don't understand
about
crypto the United States could make any
crypto immediately um valuable by saying
they would accept it for tax
payments on day one they can make any
crypto valuable cuz the only thing that
makes a crypto valuable if somebody's
willing to take it as their payment if
the United States says we'll accept it
for tax payments you're there day one it
has permanent value and it won't won't
become
less or I guess it
could so for those of you who think the
crypto option is Magic and
crazy you might be
right but you cannot deny that is a way
to create money out of nothing it might
have some other problems with
it all right
well I thought I'd take a run at that
remember this is a first draft what what
are the things I think I can you know
add as value to the public conversation
is when the public is not being
served I think I do a good job of
explaining what we haven't been
told I always think that's my greatest
value
is that I do a good job of telling you
what they haven't told you and how
that's important and you better find
that out so with the debt we are letting
all of our politicians off the hook let
me ask you this question this this is
going to blow your mind wh watch
your head just
explode watch
this number one would you agree that our
debt problem probably is our biggest one
would you agree with that first of all
you see some NOS because you might have
some other things that you think are
bigger problems well if you think no
then that would suggest you know that
there's some way to pay it off but you
don't so there's one problem we have
where we can't conceive of a solution
there's a bunch of problems we have that
could become really bad but we can
totally conceive of solutions for
example the border is open can you
conceive of a solution um let me see
uh close the
border yes uh we might have a World War
can you conceive of some way to avoid it
uh yes negotiating and the usual stuff
yes now I would agree with you that some
surprise thing like a nuclear war Could
Happen suddenly Anything could happen
but there's only one thing we have where
the straight line is to
doom and that's the debt
the debt because it's going up two two
trillion a year if if the debt were just
stable then I wouldn't worry about it
we've just inflated away but it's also
going up two trillion a year so it's
unsustainable and growing
quickly that's definitely the biggest
Risk by far that's the biggest risk all
right I'm that's my opinion all right
here's the part that's going to blow
your
mind now remember all the news you've
watched
and try to remember anytime that a top
politician was asked this
question how would you handle the
debt I don't remember it once I can't
think of it once can you do you know why
they don't ask that
question they don't ask it on the right
and they don't ask it on the left do you
know
why probably because the um the
reporters don't understand the topic you
your average reporter would not really
quite understand how debt works because
some people make the mistake of saying
national debt is like personal debt you
know if anybody makes that analogy like
if you bought this house and you know
the interest rate was this and you had
made this much money what would you do
that's not the right model anybody who
thinks that a mortgage of your house is
a good thing to learn about how to
handle the national debt you should
immediately stop talking to them because
they don't understand the basics of
anything so you've got reporters if
they're not the business reporters the
regular you know generic reporters they
don't know how to ask the question or
they wouldn't understand the answer
because here's the answer a politician
would give
you uh Mr politician let I say Mr
Republican how are you going to pay off
the
debt well we've got to get these omnius
spending bills under
control and then what does the reporter
say well how will you do that well you
know we'll try to break them up the
Speaker of the House blah blah blah and
then the Reporter Goes to the next
question do you think that breaking up
our bills into individual spending bills
is going to solve the national
debt not even close it's not even in the
it's not even in the zipo of a solution
it's simply better than what we were
doing it it's a it's a small tweak
to improve the quality of the
budgeting it's not going to solve the
national debt or even close and nobody
serious believes it would but I'll bet
you the Republicans get away with saying
that I'll bet the reporter stops asking
questions when they say oh we've got to
cut our budget there's no way to cut the
budget enough to pay off this debt you'd
have to you'd have to cut it like 70% or
something give you'd have to give up the
military right you're not not going to
cut the budget enough at all so we have
reporters who don't know how to ask the
question would you agree with that our
reporters do not know how to ask the
question and you have politicians who on
the Democrat side apparently have never
been
asked let me say it again I don't think
a democrat's ever been
asked what would they say because
Democrats can't say we're going to
reduce um social
services and if they say we're going to
reduce the military well just ask them
to show you the math because that
doesn't work out either if you want to
actually have a National
Defense so we have a reporter problem
primarily the reporters refuse to know
what is the important stuff so with Tik
Tok they don't know that influence is
the important thing as opposed to data
security so because our reporters can't
tell the story right right it gives
Congress a way to ignore it because our
reporters don't tell the story right
right it gives them a free pass if
nobody's reporting it correctly they
just going to ignore it that's what they
do with Tik Tock so nobody reports the
national debt story accurately or even
close nobody knows how to even ask the
question of a politician and if they did
they would allow the politician to get
away with oh yeah yeah we got to we're
going to have to have a national
conversation about these spending
what how's that going to help uh yes
we're going to have to cut one of these
big expenses it won't
help yeah uh it's a complete abdication
of responsibility by the
press and it allows the politicians to
just kick the can so here's what I'd
like to
see I'd like to see
vake come up with a specific plan even
if it's a long shot for solving the debt
and I think he could make a story V good
um that would say what we're doing with
energy and what we're doing with new
tech and robots and Ai and Quantum
Computing and he's going to have to make
an argument that we need a Second
Industrial Revolution we need to bring
our manufacturing back from China in the
smartest way you know not in a complete
way but in the smartest way so that
we're
manufacturing the things that we care
about um pharmaceu Les in particular and
we need to figure out how to build our
own chip factory so we're not depending
on the one Tai Taiwan use Factory by the
way do you know the story that the
biggest chip maker is it Taiwan
semiconductor uh in Taiwan the one that
we're totally dependent on the
entrepreneur for that tried to build it
in
Texas and was
rejected he couldn't build it in Texas
so he went to where he could build it
and he went to Taiwan man is that on us
that is so so on
us God what a up that that's like
the up of the last 200 years let
letting that guy go start the big
essential chip company in another
country that we have to protect I guess
right it couldn't have been a more
 up
situation right if it if it had gone to
any other country it would have been
suboptimal but it went to
Taiwan right I mean it might have gone
to Gaza like is there any other way we
could make that more
up so there are a lot of things that a v
could make a good story for a solution
Trump could do it too Trump likes to
keep things a little simpler so I don't
know that this is his ideal uh
approach um and he's and and Trump also
is a little less uh um fail about the
new
technology so you know vake is going to
understand the AI plus Quantum Computing
changes everything
Trump you know might have heard that
story but I doubt that would become part
of his narrative you know it's a it's a
little bit more futuristic than Trump
usually talks but to be fair when Trump
talks about building these um new cities
from scratch I think
that the new technologies plus the new
cities could be the biggest boom in
building and Industrial everything could
solve housing by bringing the cost down
uh there's just a whole bunch of ways
that Trump could use a real
estate um focus to fix the economy but
he would fix energy first Trump would
fix energy because that's a big part of
the building and the construction um
puzzle
yeah Trump is actually very good about
talking about you know the golden
future but I don't know if he could
quite get AI robots and Quantum
Computing right but very
could there there's a reason I'm I'm
biased toward
young right it makes sense to be a
little biased toward the young at the
moment speaking of that do you know at
the politicians who are driving up our
debt the most powerful politicians are
the ones who are about a year away from
being dead
themselves if you were a year away from
being dead do you think you should be in
charge of driving up the debt for the
United States for the next 100 years and
you're going to be dead in a year and
you're in charge of deciding what the
rest of us will do for the next hundred
years now I saw some push back on that
because I said it on x and the push back
was but scottt all of these ancient
people they've got kids they've got
grandkids of course they care about them
so they care about the future as much as
anybody does to which I
replied have you met
people let me explain something about
people they really do make selfish
decisions and they really do follow the
money even if it's bad for their
grandkids that's people
now I'd love to tell you that there are
people making the grandkid decision and
there
are but I don't think that's what drives
the politicians I think they say to
themselves I could try to solve an
unsolvable problem and fail which is how
to get the debt down or I could just
vote for one more omnius Bill and I'm
going to be dead in a few years anyway
you know it's never going to come back
to bite me and then they'd say well
grandchildren will work it out you you
know life's never been easy grandkids
will work it out one way or the other so
I think it does make a big difference
that the people voting on The Debt are
100 years old I suggest the following
fix that the only members of Congress
who can vote on debt long-term
debt have to be under 50 years old and
if you're over 50 you can't you can't
vote on debt or any kind of spending
Bill and then I would say um public
you are free to elect anybody you want
if you'd like your representative to be
over 50 just know that your state will
not be involved in any of the budget
decisions they can talk about it but
they don't get to vote because letting
people who won't be here to pay the debt
decide how much debt you have is a
 stupid
system and if you think that have them
having grandkids is is going to save you
that's not how people work
they just don't I wish they did but they
don't so that'll never happen but might
be the only way to
survive um there's a new study that says
uh two of the things that predict a
marriage
lasting there are two factors
psychologists found uh one is that the
man has high verbal
intelligence does that surprise you if
the man has high verbal
intelligence what goes along with high
verbal
intelligence is there anything else
correlated with
that
besides long
marriages uh I see the suggestion a huge
penis but I don't think that's what I
was going for
um well I don't know let's see if there
is anything else about the second thing
that suggests along long marriage see
the second thing is that uh the man in
the marriage is able to buy new and more
expensive
cars that also signals longevity so what
would what would
having the ability to buy new expensive
cars have in common with a man who has
high intellect and verbal
abilities could it
be that money makes people stay
the the person with the high IQ and the
high verbal ability probably has a good
job that's what that gets you if they're
able to buy new cars probably got money
good
job and women like to be in stable
situations of course everybody does but
um the researchers said at least the
carart is has something to do with
signaling higher Social
Status
money the the car is just a signal of
money it's not the car although women do
like women do see their mate and the
mate's car as their accessories by the
way this is one of the best ways to
think about this I know people and I
used to be one how dumb I was when I was
young I used to think that I would not
be judged by the quality of my
automobile I know pretty stupid I used
to think women aren't going to care
they're going to care about my wonderful
personality my my empathy my
conversation style my ability to engage
things you know maybe my my clever
thoughts yeah my haircut you know my I I
thought those are the things would that
would really influence women but it
turns out it's your car you car yeah and
the the I I've told you the story of how
I learned learned that the hard way when
I was in my 20s I guess I had the the
worst little you'll never get laid car
in the world I mean I'm not even going
to describe it but it was sad no nobody
would ever get in that car and think you
know I sure want to have sex with the
owner of this car I guarantee you nobody
ever had that thought so one day when
things were going a little bit better in
my career this was before Dilbert but
you my corporate career was advancing on
time and I bought bought a very old
BMW but it was still a BMW and one day I
pulled it into the parking garage it was
brand new and I wanted to get the
opinion of some other people and uh my
neighbor had a couple of girls who were
twins who happen to be hanging out in
the parking lot and I knew them pretty
well cuz they lived right across the
hall and I said to them they they
noticed the new car and they said
something I said all right what do you
think of the car and they're like oh we
love it we love it
and I said do you think that women will
like me better because I have this car
now remember these are like 9-year-old
twin girls and the 9-year-olds said oh
yeah oh yeah
yeah and like their eyes got big and
like for sure no doubt about it and I'm
I'm thinking it starts that early the
9-year-old girls are completely aware
that if I don't have a good car I'm not
going to get any action at 9 years old
they knew
that and and once once you understand
that your car is a reflection of the
woman who's in it like she's not going
to want to be painted with the
embarrassment of your automobile that
the paint is falling off but if you got
a good car it's like a good accessory
and the same for how you dress and how
tall you are and if you have hair and
all that stuff yes people are shallow
but you'll get used to
it all right
um what is it that uh links the various
groups on the left the pro Palestine
people with the climate people with the
gay rights people with the indigenous
rights people
Etc
um apparently it's some kind of
intersectionality and I was reading some
tweets by Michael naana
but one thing they have in common all of
those groups that you would think would
be completely different groups is a
victim
narrative and the oppressor is always
the same person it's always you know
somebody
white so everybody who is not a uh white
person with
money uh thinks that all of their groups
have in common if only if only those
white people would do something
differently things would be better for
all the rest rest of
us um so that's what they have in common
so to say that they are
illegitimate would be an
understatement all
right um I guess the US is telling Qatar
cutter to give up the Hamas leader who
lives in luxury in Cutter I would like
to suggest the
following technique for getting that guy
I think Israel Andor the United States
in conjunction
should say to Cutter this guy is dead
the only thing you have to decide is
where he is when it
happens we're going to kill him and
cutter if we don't have a choice and
we're going to do it on
Tuesday I think that's the way you have
to play it
because as long as cutter thinks that
this is a point of negotiation or that
maybe it won't happen they're going to
act that way you have to take away from
them any notion that this guy isn't
going to going to die on Tuesday you
have to say Tuesday he dies the only
question that we're asking you is where
you want him to be if you want him to be
in one of your nicest high-rise
buildings we are going to take him out
there and it's going to be Tuesday and
there will be casualties now I know
cutter you're going to have to do
everything you can to punish us back in
whatever way you can and we're going to
take that
punishment but the only thing that's not
going to happen is he's going to be
alive on Wednesday the only thing we can
guarantee you is he's going to be dead
you only get to decide where it happens
and when not even when you get to decide
where so we'd like you to give him up
but if you want to just walk him out to
the desert where we can kill him that
would be great but if you want him to be
in one of your very expensive highrises
in the middle of your main city we'll do
that too on Tuesday on
Tuesday I don't see any other way to
handle it do you now this is something
that you couldn't do do under any other
context than the October 7th um
Horrors after those Horrors everybody
knows you're not kidding right if they
thought you were
bluffing they'd play it that
way do you think Israel is bluffing
would you think Israel was bluffing if
they said we're going to take out the
you know two stories of that building
and we're going to do it on Tuesday and
there's nothing you can do about it and
whatever you do to us we'll take it
no they would mean it and I think they
could do
it so that's the way I'd play it I
wouldn't I wouldn't act like maybe
cutter has a choice they only have a
choice of
where and ladies and gentlemen this
concludes the best live stream you'll
see
today
um we'll talk lots more about other
stuff at other times I hope this was
useful to you
and
what have MBS make the call yeah
maybe all right thanks for joining
YouTube I'll talk to you tomorrow