[Applause]
one pom pom pom pom hey everybody come
on in it's time right now for coffee
with Scott Adams yeah yeah it's gonna be
a good one what are the best
I predict I've got a special guest who's
on my audio line waiting to answer some
medical questions dr. Aris Livanos MD
offered to help us with some of the the
medical questions and I've got him on
hold
doctors say hi hi everyone all right
thank you
I'm taking my microphone away I'll have
to aim my microphone in your way if I
ask you another question
all right everybody you know it's next I
know you do it's this it's a
simultaneous sip yeah aren't you lucky I
know you are and all you need is a
copper Margaret glass of tanker
challenger's time I can't teach yoga
philosophy a vessel of any kind of
feeling with your favorite looks like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes every
pandemic go away eventually it's called
the simultaneous it and it happens now
oh good good stuff all right well I've
got the the doctor here and we don't get
too many chances to ask these questions
I'm going to ask some questions and if
the sound is bad well we'll deal with
that doctor is lavro knows the best way
to pronounce it well I'm sure I'm sure
I'll get it wrong next time
so here's top of the list of questions
number one everything we've seen about
the Hydra hydroxychloroquine looks
promising but it's all anecdotal here's
the question I asked you have you even
heard of any anecdotal stories that go
the other way in other words every
anecdotal story we hear is positive but
again that's now scientifically valid
have you heard anything even you know on
the grapevine or personally where there
was somebody who didn't have an
underlying condition they got the
hydroxychloroquine in time and then it
still went bad so I can't speak about
the hydroxychloroquine for coronavirus
specifically but in terms of sort of the
generic process of medications being
used for conditions hopefully that
they're working and they end up not
working unfortunately we have lots of
examples of things like that a great
example would be steroids for sport
injuries it used to be the mainstay of
therapy and then found out that was
actually probably doing more harm than
benefit took many months for years
before we realize that um so that's one
example another example would be
recently a treat the patient with Bell's
palsy and went through the whole address
with the patient we used to give them
antivirals we don't give them antivirals
anymore
we just gives them steroids there's no
real harm to haven't given them
antivirals but it doesn't produce any
kind of a benefit from what I have heard
from what my colleagues are sharing
online I get about 15 to 20 email
updates with kobus regularly eyes will
tell you I'm hopeful as
hydroxychloroquine and is it licensed
defective you know I'm still looking for
the first actual medical doctor who who
says I don't think it'll work and I
haven't seen that yet of you know
everyone is sort of waiting with bated
breath the case will work we're all
hopeful that it will know where that's
coming out with any kind of idea or at
this to suggest that it shouldn't or
would not work
I haven't her name yeah and what are the
one of the good things about this drug
is that we understand the mechanism of
of why it should work fairly well right
that's well understood though the why of
it yeah but you know I would I would be
careful with that kind of logic because
sort of in hindsight we can sort of
justify why it's working you know if you
had asked three months ago hey do you
think that we should use hydroxyl or
queen + for - is it for my sin
to treat Crona virus you would probably
have had a lot of people saying well I
don't know how that would happen as
opposed to now potentially seeing in
cases that it doesn't it is effective
it's much easier to identify so I don't
know that that mechanism that we believe
is happening is going to ultimately be
that's true if it is effective at all
right it might be though so and it would
be tough to sort that out because my
understanding is that 80% of people are
just gonna get better on their own so if
you gave everybody this drug 80% of them
would look like they got better on their
own and the 20% would look like they
died from an underlying condition anyway
right right so I'm hoping that we are
going to see some sort of randomized and
it's not necessarily randomized at least
some control study groups where we'll be
able to say in these 200 patients who
did not receive the intervention their
general demographics look like this
their general sickness level for like
this or fio2 requirements whether they
were we're not in the ICU but the ones
who did receive the treatment ultimately
did get better so I'm hoping that you
know base must be the things are
happening you should probably do
something like that out of Italy how
Korea maybe don't don't we have a severe
ethical conundrum here which is it seems
that anecdotally the benefit of the drug
is just it's at the highest end of
anecdotally looking good but not
anywhere even touching the bottom of
scientifically valid so given that
people are actually dying from it how do
the doctors treat the fact that you
don't really want a control group at all
I mean who's going to be in the control
group when they could die from it and
when the drug is basically nobody's
dying on it unless they have underlying
conditions as far as I can tell how do
you how do you navigate that is the test
of New York City actually going to have
a control group listen you guys have
registered we may or may not give it to
you I think that that would be really
unethical especially with the level of
panic
may have been ethical if we were not in
such a state of emergency worldwide if
it goes back to what you had said about
80% of people would like to get better
but I think it would be more a matter of
we gave it to these two hundred people
and these two hundred people who are
very similar our comparison our control
so I think your point is well made that
ultimately it will be it won't be the
rigorous randomly controlled trial I the
thing I'm looking for and the the only
indicator that I care about because I
feel like it's the leading indicator
would be how many people who are
actually on the frontline doctors such
as yourself who actually contract out we
expect that will be fairly high but then
actually die from it with that with some
underlying conditions of their own and
so far I've heard zero of that in the
last week now it might be early because
that the total number of doctors
touching an infected person is what
we'll put a guess on in the United
States given our caseload how many
doctors do you think you've have come in
your direct contact with equipment but
direct contact with an infected person
it's in the thousands right I can tell
you currently Scott I'm actually on
quarantine at home for coming in contact
with Colby patient has worked in the
emergency department and unfortunately
that patient was deemed low-risk screen
so yes had had travel but greater than
14 days prior to his visit for his buyer
for illness now
as far as I can recollect I was wearing
my PPE however because the patient had
screened negative and still ended up
having a very high viral load and
ultimately is I think the condition of
the patient is stable currently as far
as I know but because of that I have
been quarantined there are 25 physicians
who work in my department on that ship
with me alone there were three so there
were possibly
25 in that one instance let alone all
the other hundreds of patients are
coming through the department date yeah
is a year sense that people in your
situation where you where you're not
presenting symptoms although I heard you
clear your throat there a little bit are
you have any symptoms okay do you think
we're reaching a point where people in
your classification where it's not
demonstrated that you have it but you
might have it do you think you would you
would probably have to go back to work
yes because I was but regardless of
those particular details they agreed
that it was a bit of a fringe case that
it could have gone either way and that's
becoming apparent with the patient
because unfortunately that standard is
far too high we meet the lower standard
to allow clinicians and frontline
workers to continue to work because
otherwise everyone will be off so org
units 14 days yeah so your your
quarantine is really is still in the
luxury category because the moment they
need you you're going back to work i
sooo yeah so alright so I'm gonna ask
you a question and I'm gonna give you
the option of deferring so don't don't
feel like you have to answer this think
you think of the greater good think of
all the ramifications not just the the
medical specific answer your colleagues
who were on the front lines the medical
doctors are they prophylactically taking
the hydroxy chlorine and again if you
would prefer to take a pass on that
question that's perfectly acceptable
asking that question because I can tell
you honestly thus far we have talked
about it I have one colleague who
jokingly has suggested getting a
prescription to go and pick it up I
don't know it's that person
has or hasn't I don't know that was sort
of sending out feelers to get a sense of
if someone would do them a favor to
write them such a prescription but
always like a you guys write your own
prescriptions no I but but you could
write one for each other so that you
could get it prophylactically and and if
one of your colleagues who was working
with infected patients and was not yet
tested as as as having been in or at
least not suspected of having it but
it's been around it would you feel
epically in this current situation
especially where there might be some
shortages of the drug would you
prescribe it to a to a medical
professional not not to assistant yes
yeah and so that that's the sort of
medical opinion I think is close to
universal right now and it really comes
down to do you have supply and what's
the specific situation let me ask you
another medical question and I don't
know if we can decide on it today but
the the issue is this with the shortage
of masks it's been suggested but not in
a way that I feel has enough credibility
yet that since the virus has a known
lifespan on different materials could
you not use a mask put it in a paper bag
come back to it in two weeks and feel
pretty safe if you knew you weren't
dealing with somebody who is known to be
effective just people were suspected
well what do you feel comfortable
putting an n95 mask back on if it's
added a paper bag for two weeks with no
other yes the issue is that
unfortunately viruses don't last very
long on these sorts of inorganic
purposes and this goes back to the ideas
if you had said I think it was a several
days ago technically speaking we don't
really even classify viruses as being
alive they are this strange simulation
injected
after that just messes around with
humans so but other infectious agents
are so bacteria fungi all kinds of other
things are and they can last a lot a lot
longer so it would have to be sterilized
it was my own mask then yes we even
still use our own masks for up to eight
or ten hours on okay okay though so
that's exactly what I was talking about
that was that you put your own mask in
the paper bag and then you rotate it you
know the second week in an emergency
obviously nobody would do it in any
other way but but to your point if there
were other you know germs bacteria
whatever whatever
but they were your own they would be
largely inert to you one thing if you
drank and you left it on the counter for
two weeks and it was in and out of the
Sun and whatever bacteria happened to be
in your mouth for a lot to grow there
but you just go and pick up the cup
later and drink it you could you ideally
not want to but you could so you know
it's hard for me to say what kind of
bacteria people have and the conditions
under which it would grow we typically
tend to think that it takes 20 minutes
for bacteria to replicate in the ideal
situation without changes in disruption
and you know sunlight and exposure to
air and all those other things so it
could fester but not necessarily so if
you let's say you took your mask and you
hung it on a clothesline and yeah and
you let it left it there for two weeks
it doesn't rain for whatever reason so
the Sun is just it on it you know would
it matter the temperature around doors
or with that pretty much killed okay so
so there might be in an emergency
situation some way to I mean you know
we're watching these amazing hacks I saw
yesterday somebody who used hosing to
turn a ventilator for one into a
ventilator for nine patients it is your
sense that the ventilator machine
be in the land Alette I mean the the
engine of it would it handle the airflow
for nine people does that does that feel
like that would work yeah yeah yeah so I
have some experience with ventilators I
put people on ventilators in the
emergency department not infrequently
unfortunately I think that from a
machine point of view this sounds like
it could handle it I would be more
worried about sort of the software and
the interface of the machine to do that
we typically tend to control ventilator
settings based on what we call either
pressure or volume you cannot control
both okay so the Machine pumps air out
for a certain amount of pressure or a
certain amount of volume so I guess you
could increase the amount of volumes if
it's being distributed but I've never
seen the software being put through that
kind of process to know that that could
work I don't know if it's certain
machines that could do that and not
others
I don't know and there are quite a lot
of different models of ventilators so so
that's Ardoin together right yeah that's
more of a you know electrical
engineering question that would depend
on each individual model but just on you
know off the top of your head there's no
there's nothing that would eliminate the
possibility you just don't know the
details at this point right for example
a dolt who has very large lungs on the
ventilator I see no reason why two
children could not be put on that same
ventilator with a bifurcating tube for
each of them so I don't I don't see
something that's prohibitive about it if
the software machine could do it all
right next question people keep asking
me about taking zinc supplements sort of
ahead of time because the Hydra
chloroquine you know interacts with the
zinc in a positive way so you might as
well have some zinc in there is that a
thing would you recommend it at this
point let's say you had you know zinc
supplements and your multivitamin or
we're just saying supplements is a good
idea or not I'm doing it myself every
day
food component of think the evidence it
has been a while since I have looked at
the evidence for zinc but the last time
I looked at it evidence for against
common colds and flues was weak but it
was there so you are certainly not doing
yourself any harm by taking a
multivitamin would think in it as for
its interaction with types of
chloroquine eyedrops or cream I think
that that largely nebulous I don't think
that there's any evidence to suggest
that you should because of its benefits
with the Bach vanilla or the
hydroxychloroquine but certainly there's
no harm in taking anyway okay so it
might give you a little edge probably
won't where are you so it's worth a shot
alright and I think this goes back to
your general regime of you know does
walking outside for half an hour and the
Sun really help well probably a little
bit yeah and the harm none so these
things altogether mount some benefit and
I recommend to people that they don't
inhale any substances including
marijuana to keep their lungs as healthy
as possible that they take a
multivitamin which includes a component
of zinc vitamin D as well and then that
they are eating well I suggest you do
not chew you don't want to gorge on a
bunch of fatty needles or have a large
proteinaceous meal that will steal
resources and cause a lot of energy to
digest so a little bit of exercise you
know I think in your advice that I'm no
longer of muscle-building I'm just kind
of maintaining good wait a minute I'm
not sure the audience heard you that
you're taking my medical advice can you
say that again yeah I think stands to
reason and it's excellent advice that
you want to be circulating your blood
you want to be in a state of fitness you
want to release endorphins and being the
lowest level of stress possible so you
come in contact with the virus so this
is not the time to be pumping heavy iron
to be building lots of lactic acid to
destroying the rebuilding muscle that's
going to cost energy and vitamins and
resources some regular exercise to
release endorphins is the best
thank you for that now I feel twice as
smart because you know my strategy is
the strategy of 1% you know if if my
walking in the Sun is 1% in my taking
the zinc is 1% am I getting some good
sleep is 1% you know I can get up to 10%
and a 10% edge against a deadly pandemic
that's a 10% edge I you know I'm not
going to I'm not going to leave 10% on
the table not today I think that for
someone like you given your age and your
comorbidities with your history of
asthma I think the best percent is
probably an underestimate right yeah you
know I think trying to make that
difference for someone who's otherwise
young and healthy probably they have all
the reserve they need but you know I had
told my dad as a history of what I
presume to be COPD and 67 so I tell him
to do all the things as well to stay
really well quarantine good hand-washing
so it's much more important than a more
vulnerable population okay all right I
am working on my biceps I've been told
telling people but I don't lift too
heavy
what low weights alright doctor I'm
gonna talk about some other topics and
this was really great and so thank you
for volunteering to do this I think the
audience got a lot out of this so thank
you all right take care all right that
was really useful um let's talk about
some other stuff ah let's see okay
just getting some important notices
there let me turn that off sorry alright
here's here's a message to our leaders
you know you probably watched the the
House and the Senate
basically failed to do the work of the
people you just watched the UH Nancy
Pelosi and Schumer come in and kill the
bill that that the other Democrats had
been negotiating in good faith
now of course the accusation is that
well it's just political you guys are
flying in and killing the thing that was
going pretty well
other people say well it's a good thing
they got there in time to stop this
corporate giveaway you know I can't tell
the difference from the chair I'm
sitting in I don't have enough
visibility on these proposals to say
this is the good one this is the bad one
if we help these businesses it will it
will support X number of jobs that would
be lost but if we give money to
individually you know they'll spend
money and that's good for the business
if we could be honest I don't know if
anybody knows the difference meaning if
you assemble the greatest economist in
the world and said you know the
Democrats are leaning this way the
Republicans are leaning this way one is
more of a corporate path where you make
the corporation healthy and that
supports jobs the other ones more direct
but then they become good consumers and
they support the companies which one of
these is better in the long run and the
answer is I don't know if you imagine
you know maybe you should stop doing
that because you don't know the reason
that the Congress can't agree is that
they don't know so I think they default
this is just my presumption right so I
can't read any minds but I think they're
gonna default to what feels best
politically and is compatible with their
brand independent of what is good for
the country because I don't think they
can tell you not because they're not
educated of this they're not economists
they're not but I don't think the
economists could really you know I think
that economists are gonna be in
different pages so we've got that
situation going on and our leaders are
failed us last night let's just call it
what it was let's call it what it was
the our leaders failed us last night
collectively by not acting and we're in
the situation where acting is probably
more important than getting it just
right
and that's the sort of the emergency
rule you know it would be great to do
everything right if you wait long enough
you know you could make sure you've
tested everything and you make just the
right decision you know that might be
good in regular times but in an
emergency action just has a greater
value because we're we're managing the
psychology of all of us and trying to
hold it together remember this isn't
this is partly a physical problem you
know big part that the life and death of
it but in order for that part to be
minimized you got to get the psychology
of it right - you know the country's got
to be on your side we've got to trust
our gotta trust our leadership we've got
to feel like progress is being made
we've got to feel like we're winning
we're getting on top of the virus and
then Pelosi and Schumer and yet into
town and just just knock the whole thing
off the table when it looked like it was
good to go now are they right I don't
know I don't know it could be it's
entirely possible that they came in and
said all you inexperienced people or
making a big mistake
you just gotta fix this thing maybe but
our Schumer and Pelosi that much smarter
about what's good for the country
than the people who were already in the
room is there something about Schumer
and Pelosi that they have they had
knowledge that could not be transmitted
by the the telephone is that what
happened were Pelosi and Schumer not in
continuous contact with the people who
were negotiating for their team while it
was happening what was it about flying
in that changed the result because they
do have telephones and if Nancy and
Chuck as we like to call them as the
president likes to call them if they had
a problem with it during the negotiation
why are we finding out what is too late
all right
I I can't come up with a scenario in my
head in which this is anything but a
naked political incompetence
now it could be after the fact we
learned that there's more to it and I'm
always open to that I'm always open to
well Scott you didn't know at the time
there was this good reason and I'll be a
little charitable because it's an
emergency and I don't want to dwell on
it right you know I don't need to spend
any more time talking about what
happened yesterday but let me just make
this point to our leadership be they
president be they senators be they
representatives or mayor's it goes like
this
our leaders are asking us you know we
the people to make big sacrifices big
sacrifices they're asking us to take big
sacrifices your responsibility leaders
be they presidents representatives
senators or mayors your responsibility
is to be worthy of that sacrifice I
realize we're going to do a lot of the
lifting we the people you know the the
hard stuff is going to be down in the
trenches but you do have a
responsibility to be worthy of that
sacrifice and last night you were not
you are not and if you want if you're
thinking of sky you're being political
let me let me round it out for you when
the president in my opinion mocked Mitt
Romney for being in quarantine not good
not good not ideal I think we need all
of our leaders to be worthy of our
sacrifice
Governor Cuomo in New York is worthy of
our sacrifice my governor who I've
criticized a lot for the duration of
this you know that at least the
activities during the crisis is worthy
of my sacrifice he is worthy of my
sacrifice I'd like I'd like all of you
to be worthy and Congress isn't there
yet so so today is a request from the
public I think I could speak for most of
you in this narrow way you know not
everything but in this narrow way we
need our leaders to be worthy of the
sacrifice and you're not close in
Congress you're not close you got a lot
of ground to make up and it needs to be
today tomorrow tomorrow's not good needs
to be today and action is more important
than getting it exactly right that's
that's a big deal I have a I have a sort
of a thought experiment question
normally with these big economic
questions I at least have a point of
view meaning I can think to myself yeah
that makes sense probably or doesn't
make sense probably everything's sort of
a statistical situation if you're
predicting but here's one that I don't
even have a little bit of a sense of and
I'm gonna run a byte and let me tell you
if this has any any any merit suppose
hypothetically and this is not a
recommendation it's a question
hypothetically the federal government
said that until further notice and it
might be 30 days or 60 days or 90 days
whatever the period that makes sense
nobody has to pay rent nobody has to pay
their mortgage nobody has to pay for
their power phone or you know cable TV
nobody pays for the healthcare and
nobody pays for their insurance now what
all of these have in common is that
there's more like services than a
physical product I don't think you could
have a rule that says you can't you
don't have to pay for a physical product
like a loaf of bread or a phone or
something like that that that still has
to be you got to pay for it because
things would go crazy otherwise but just
just play this through in your head so
we'll take them one at a time nobody
pays rent alright that's good for all
the people who pay rent and let's say
that you don't have to pay it back later
either it's just gone it's just off the
table now all the landlords would be at
a lock right so they would lose their
income if you're a landlord and you've
owned you know several properties well
you lose your income for that month or
three months but you're also not paying
your rent
and you're not paying for your
electricity or your healthcare so you
would lose that but also your expenses
would go down the same as the people who
are not paying you and again I'm not
saying this is a good idea I'm asking
for help thinking it through because I
don't know anything this out of the box
has been considered so how about you
don't pay your mortgage so the banks
don't get that income for two or three
months can they afford it well I'll tell
you the banks are going to make a
fortune when we get back to work because
all the people who need working capital
loans they have good businesses that
have been demonstrated by their past and
all they need is a little bit to just
get back up and run robbing banks love
those banks I don't even I don't even
know if banks on the whole are gonna be
worse off if you didn't pay your
mortgage for three months and let's say
it doesn't you don't you never have to
pay and it's just delayed you know
you're gonna pay the same amount you
would have paid it in the long run but
you delayed it three months just as an
example what about your electricity
phone and cable could we keep all of
those things working if nobody paid for
them for three months
well probably because phone companies
are pretty rich cable companies power
companies can probably you know get by
for a few months easier than individuals
can you know if if my local power
company let's say ran in the muddy and
they couldn't pay all their employees
could they pay their employees half for
three months because remember under this
scenario they're their employees are not
paying rent not paying mortgage and not
paying for their own power cable
everything
so maybe PG&E can say oh god this is
going to kill us
nobody's paying for power but we can get
by for three months as long as we pay
our people half half amount and then
their expenses are lower too so they can
get by a few months just throwing it out
there and then insurance and healthcare
same thing would it be easier just do is
suspend all our big expenses and make
those big entities that largely could
afford
just eat it for three months and then we
just come up back and running and now we
might also in addition to that might
require some ubi in other words it might
not be enough that you don't have to pay
your rent because you still have to buy
food and maybe some medicines and stuff
so you probably still need the ubi but
I'll just put that out there I haven't
been able to read all the comments as
they're going by but if somebody had a
some visibility on that and you're
you've got some economic background
could you tell me what I'm missing now I
realize it would have gigantic
unintended consequences in places that
would be hard to know in advance I mean
it could be quite disruptive but as long
as everybody got food money and
everybody still went to work to keep the
lights on and the water flowing and
everything I think it would work what it
all right I don't know how long does it
take to create a deep fake digital
version of Joe Biden I think in him like
we might see that today now I'm just
joking but imagine if you will there was
some entity you know some deep state you
know deeply hidden enemy who wanted to
take over the United States like a
dictatorship but you know make it look
like it didn't happen how would you do
it well the first thing you do is you
take some coronavirus and you'd you'd
drop it off in wuhan I don't think this
happened I'm just making a movie this is
the movie that could command this so the
movie would be somebody infects the
world with a pandemic intentionally but
in order to cover their tracks they they
put it somewhere next to a weapons a
bioweapons lab because of course people
are going to think what came from there
so you so you release the thing in a
city that's near a bioweapons lab this
is the first part of the movie I'm not
saying this happened and then you you
run a candidate who's sort of a shell of
his former self and kind of doesn't even
know he's on stage but he's got a good
name recognition and he's going to get a
lot of votes just because they know him
and his name is Joe Biden but because
it's a pandemic you have the option of
taking him completely out of the public
eye which you can never do in any other
situation you couldn't but you can do it
in this situation and then we happen to
be coincidentally at exactly the point
in human history where you could pull
off a deep fake now I'm not saying
that's happening again I'm just doing
the movie version of our reality so you
do the pandemic you blame it on somebody
else the world that goes into lockdown
you take your candidate who's a shell of
his former self
you lock them up and nobody sees them
except digitally and it takes a while to
get the deep fake up and running and
then you cancel all your debates because
that's not gonna work baby pandemic
better cancel those debates and suddenly
you've got a deep fake president and we
want to know the difference now again I
don't think that's happening but isn't
it a big coincidence that we get the
one-to-one time you've ever been locked
down in your house and you can't go out
in public is exactly the time in history
that we can make a deep fake and exactly
the time in history that the the ideal
candidate to do that way the Joe Biden
looks like the presumptive nominee well
that's a lot of coincidences but that's
what makes it a movie all right a lot of
people saying open the country right now
and some people saying no and let's talk
about that a little bit don't get
trapped in the binary the most likely
scenario as I've been telling you for
some time
is that we run our few weeks now the
president is signaled if you can if you
read the tea leaves here the president
has signaled that he's very optimistic
about this hydroxychloroquine drug used
with a zither Maison especially it's
being tested in New York City and I
think they'll have enough
patience and enough experience that
they're gonna have a solid idea about
this drug in about a week is my guess
because that's about how long it would
take to be pretty sure that it's making
a difference if it does it looks like
the president so he did a tweet last
night in which he said in all capital
letters you know we need to get back to
work and then he would make a decision
at the end of our two-week period which
I believe is one week issue from now so
in one week the president says we're
going to make a decision what's that
sound like to you if the president
believed that the most likely result is
that it's going to be a few months of
lockdown would he have tweeted last
night you know it's important to get
back to work we don't want the the Cure
to be worse than the thing we'll make a
decision in a week does that sound like
somebody who has a serious intention of
locking you down for three months
it does not now we know that the
president can get a little ahead of the
experts we know he can get ahead of foul
cheese at least public optimism we don't
know what he says privately but is
ouchies you know public optimism is a
you know you ought to be a little
cautious but the president is clearly
signaling some good news ahead now does
the president know more than you and I
know I hope so right
does he know more than doctor foul he
knows of course not but it makes sense
that they're doing the dance you know
sort of good cop bad cop but in the form
of optimist and pessimist yeah I would
say not pessimist ouchy is more like a
realist I would say he's not a pessimist
he's a realist and he's saying it's just
the fact that that drugs need to be
tested it's just the fact that we can't
know how dangerous it is and it's just
the fact that scientifically according
to the rigors of science they can't be
demonstrated that it works so you know
if I would she's sticking to the facts I
won't call him a pessimist that's just
facts but in Trump is sticking with
optimism so he's he's over there but I
feel like
signaling that a plan is coming together
and I think it's gonna look like this
the president has pretty good instincts
and I think he knows
sort of like my Captain Kirk and Scotty
the engineer analogy yesterday it's like
giving warp six Scotty I cannot give you
warp six it'll come apart you can do it
Scotty give me warp six all right it
gives you warp six and it looks like the
ship's gonna fall apart but it doesn't
so you know in those stories the
mythical Captain Kirk has just some kind
of magical intuition that he can you can
just feel the right answer somehow
without without the details and we have
seen that our president seems to
demonstrate a weird kind of instinct
that's been right a lot you know what is
instinct to close the airports really
being the the most obvious example so
you know I'm not saying every one of his
hunches will always be right or always
has been right but he does have a track
record that's it's not inconsequential
they should give you a little confidence
and he's clearly signaling that there's
something like a get back to work plan
brewing now here's what I think using
the Greg Gutfeld model don't don't be
trapped in the prison of two ideas in
all likelihood it's going to be
something between let everybody go back
to work and don't let anybody go back to
work in all likelihood there will be
some middle ground that gets us moving
in the right direction and movement and
direction are the important things for
confidence for psychology for the
markets and everything else so getting
some movement in the right direction no
matter how small your president
understands how important that is
maybe he mean that's especially really
so he knows that direction matters I
would expect that at the end of the two
weeks that they will announce something
even if it's small
there is directionally positive meaning
for example I'm gonna let these jobs or
these industries go back to work but
only under these conditions so it might
look something like that and then you
say ah fine
at least a few people got back to work
how about next week well next week we'll
see how that week went maybe a few more
maybe loosen up maybe tighten up the
restrictions but basically play it by
ear
but with a firm commitment that it's a
path toward reemployment so I think
you're go see the president say we've
looked at the week of experience in New
York City with this Hydra
hydroxychloroquine and as if through
Meissen cocktail I think he's gonna say
it looks like it's stopping the deaths
and it looks like it's you know speeding
up the recovery if we can get to
stopping the deaths of the people under
60 with no health problems then I think
your president can ask you for the
following sacrifice and would be worthy
of it
would be worthy of the sacrifice if this
happens I think he's going to ask the
American public to take a risk and I
think he's going to ask the American
public to take a risk for the benefit of
the Republic and I think he's going to
tell us straight this isn't gonna be
safe I'm gonna ask some of you the young
the fit the ones especially the one says
the most critical jobs I'm going to ask
some of you to go back to work I don't
know if this is next week or soon it's
going to be a risk and I'm going to ask
the over-60s to stay home and if you can
help them do so but I think I think it's
gonna be very much your president asking
you directly to take a risk with your
health and your safety for the Republic
he's a war president this is a war
against a virus
your war president needs to ask you
directly to take a risk it makes a
difference it's one thing to say you
know I think this is a good idea here's
my guideline and it will probably comply
but it does make a difference if you ask
directly I know this is going to be hard
I know some of you are going to be lost
but we have to take the hill you know
where we're at the point where you just
have to take the hill
now if you're worrying about closing the
economy versus the opening the economy I
have a firm opinion that a two-week
closure isn't going to be a fatal flow a
fatal blow a three-week closure also not
a fatal blow I think we could take a
month but this is where the the Captain
Kirk and me starts saying okay Scotty
I'm not going to ask you for warp 10 but
I might ask you for warp 8
so in my just feel of the mood of the
country my read reading of the zeitgeist
my projecting from my personal feelings
my lifetime if experience a month is the
absolute ragged edge especially if we
have this you know a drug that's working
so I don't think your presidents going
to take you a month to get some people
back to work I would expect that if you
can tell a commute that you will be
asked to continue that's what I would
expect and I would expect that if you
have to be physically present there will
be some new guidelines for that maybe
we've got some extra mess by then but
that's what it's going to look like all
right um do Baron ash ask this question
this is user on Twitter Baron ash so
here here's this tweet he says 55,000
deaths from seasonal flu in the US I
wonder how that is affected capacity so
this is a question that says you know is
this coronavirus really going to affect
our capacity because we've only had you
know X hundreds
well how many deaths in the United
States and how many hospitalized so I
think 20,000 are infected most of them
won't be hospitalized so this sounds
like a good question right if we have
55,000 deaths and you know God knows how
many hospitalizations from the regular
flu why would be we be afraid of this
one well here's my answer
10 is bigger than one if the regular flu
let's say on a scale of one to ten is a
one
because we know that this this one the
one we're dealing with coronavirus might
be ten times as viral and therefore ten
times as many people get it so you might
have something like the normal flu with
their 55,000 deaths in the course of a
year and it's sort of spread around the
country etc is capacity now capacity in
this sense means you've still got 10%
left because it in a normal year you
don't you know you're not going to use
all of your capacity but let's say 90%
under 80% of your capacity is what
capacity looks like in a normal year
we're already higher than that and this
is just getting started so the way to
look at this is if unskilled a 1 to 10
the regular flu is a 1 and we're
probably designed to handle that plus a
little bit more 10 times that is going
to be too much because what we're
looking at is something like 10 times as
bad as a seasonal flu but here's the
catch it's on top of the seasonal flu
the regular seasonal flu didn't take a
vacation the 55,000 deaths are still
going to be there this would be 10 times
that on top of it so the math of it is
10 to 1 if you're wondering why the
seasonal flu is you know something we
can handle but why is this one different
just remember than the number 10 yeah if
we had to flex up by let's say 30
percent could we do it yeah probably
probably if you put a drain under
hospitals of 30 percent more we could
get it done
it would hurt some people lives would be
lost to be a big hardship but we can get
that done nice 30 percent flex if we had
enough time a few months to get ready
but can we flex by 10 times because
that's the proposition if you don't do
the shutdown and this is important if
you don't do the shutdown you could
quite quickly get to 10 times the size
of a problem of a regular flu and then
the whole system crashes so and then
other people are looking at our
infection rate at the beginning of an
epidemic and while we're all
lockdown and before we have testing kits
and saying this doesn't look like a big
problem oh please please people that's
not the right way to look at it it's the
beginning of the epidemic and we've done
draconian measures to the economy making
us all stay home just to keep it under
that and it's brand-new and it's ten
times as viral as the old stuff you know
the normal stuff don't look at that
little number that we've taken draconian
measures to control and it's new and we
don't have enough test kits to really
know how much is out there don't look at
that that number has no meaning no
meaning that because we closed the
economy the number that you want is the
one you don't have access to the number
you want is everybody when one went just
along with their normal business we had
big crowds and events what's that look
like
because that's the number that matters
if you're saying we shouldn't have
closed down the economy you have to
compare it to the number you don't have
which is what if we didn't we don't know
because we did so you need to up your
game of what you're comparing to just
don't make those common mistakes all
right here the here are the little signs
I would be looking for and some of these
you've earned before if you're looking
for good news and you're wondering if
the hydroxychloroquine makes a
difference by the way I think the plan
to go back to work will be once we get
enough of that supply once we know it
works the young people will go back to
work take their chances the death rate
will approach zero I think with the drug
so the things to look for are any of our
American doctors you know let's say
they're under 60 themselves we're dying
on the front lines so far I haven't
heard of one which suggests they have
access to the hydroxychloroquine and
that might make the difference because
you know they're getting affected
there's no question that the doctors are
getting infected but it's early
so that doesn't mean we know anything
yet because it might be just early and
maybe you'll hear about that later
tragically well I would be looking for
is that the infection rate is zooming
because we'll be testing more and it's
just deeper into the pandemic so you
should see the rate of infection just
going up like you expect a pandemic
maybe maybe we'll take the top off it a
little bit with the flattening of the
curve but you expect still pretty big
healthy increase even if we flatten the
curve but you should but if you're
getting good news you're gonna see the
infection rate and zoom well the death
rate of people would no no underlying
conditions approach zero and you should
start to see that in New York City
starting around this week so here's the
most important number you should look
for people under the age of sixty dying
in New York City from this virus I think
it's going to approach zero except for
underlying conditions that would be that
would be an indication that we've got to
plan out the you would also expect that
the president wouldn't be quite as
optimistic and quite as let's say
foreshadowing about what's going to
happen at the end of two weeks I don't
think he would be giving us this kind of
optimism unless he knew a little bit
more than we did and and we assume he
does
you should also expect it and I tell you
this a million times because it's always
true that it's darkest before the dawn
so a week from now as much as we are
anxious in complaining and fearful for
the fate of the economy and our in our
country and ourselves as much as we're
afraid of that this week next week is
going to be pretty rugged yeah let let
me not candy coat it psychologically and
also financially next week is going to
be rough it's not going to be like this
week it's going to be tough
tough for a lot of people really tough
for a lot of people and if we help them
out we can ease that but next week it's
going to be tough
and you're gonna be saying to yourself
and I've been predicting this for a
while you're gonna be saying to yourself
man it doesn't look like we have a way
out man I think we hit the wall
humanity's in trouble the whole economy
is going to crash we can't take much
more of this
that is exactly how you should feel
right before the term so in other words
you can't tell the difference between
being on the precipice of really bad
news and being on the precipice of the
turnaround they would look exactly the
same
it's going to be way darker next week
and that isn't necessarily a bad thing
meaning that the best way to take the
Starship Enterprise and in danger is you
might have to run it at you know warp
speed eight and it's not designed for
that so next week we're going to be a
warp eight and our economy is not
designed to do that for very long so
that's why I'm pretty sure it's gonna be
short because the smartest people in the
world looking at this problem president
Trump is not making you know decisions
in a vacuum although all the smart
people are saying you know do this don't
do don't do this I don't believe there
are any smart people who are gonna tell
the president to lock down the economy
for three months I just don't see it
happening
I think minuchin was trying to give you
a you know sort of a worst-case there
and he's succeeded here's what to look
for other countries who are now in the
maturity the mature end of dealing with
this let's say China and South Korea I
would expect that even if their
infection rates go up and down for a
little while that their death rates
because I believe both of them have
access to the hydroxychloroquine by now
China especially I imagine they make it
I don't know that but I imagine they
make it so I would look for their death
rate to approach zero again for the
people under sixty with no conditions
and that would tell you you can get back
to work pretty soon let's talk about
this question of
I'm kind of interested in this from a
psychological as well as a health and
economic perspective the the masks and I
would I would propose this following way
to understand this and this is
preliminary and speculative but I think
I'm right you know bouncing against your
own opinion that if in normal times the
value of a doctor's time is very high
and the value of an individual n95 mask
is very low compared to a doctor's time
so what would be the best way to handle
your mask situation in normal times well
the best way would be use at once you
know or whatever the guidelines are and
then the throw it away because the value
of the mass is trivial the value of a
doctor's time is very high you don't
want them to get sick and you you know
you don't want them to take any extra
time to disinfect as masks and stuff
like that so that makes sense and you
would imagine that people make the masks
would be recommending that because of
course it's safer to throw it away so of
course the manufacturer is going to
recommend the safest thing which happens
to be compatible with their profits and
I wonder and this is just a question if
the medical community simply got I'll
say hypnotized by by routine into
thinking that you have to throw the
masks away but you know somebody's
saying lawsuits yes so you want to drive
the risk to zero if doing so is a small
expense in those cases you would always
do it but now we're in an emergency and
what's happened is that the value of the
mask is getting really higher and the
value of the the the time of the the
physician hasn't changed that much right
they're still very important but the
value of a mask went from zero to very
high if that had been the start the the
case from the start
I'll bet mass would be reusable
routinely so I think what we're seeing
is that
there was a blind spot just guessing
right don't don't reuse your mask
because the cartoonist says that it's
safe right that would be dumb but I'm
speculating that what we had was a
massive cognitive blind spot about reuse
of some types of masks not all of them I
think it makes a difference what brand
you have and what model but that some of
them could be reused with relatively
little problem you know hang it on a
clothesline for three days or you know
you spray it with some you know Lysol or
somethin disinfected and let it dry out
but there probably were a number of ways
to reuse them but we're cognitively
blind to that even being an option
because we've always thrown them away
and that was always considered the
safest thing so I think it's just a
cognitive thing and we may be basically
if we get past that maybe you quadruple
the number of n95 masks just by the
realization that they can be reused
under the right conditions so that's
good news
all right so Schumer and Pelosi uh I
guess humor tweeted this out and as the
reason he killed it was part of killing
the legislation for the bailouts or
whatever it is he says the GI Bill GOP
bill is a slush fund to bail out Trump
hotels full stop Senator Schumer you are
not worthy of leaving us in this in this
this thing the very first sentence of
why he killed this thing is that it
would be good for Trump hotels I'm kind
of done with you
Senator Schumer this wasn't really the
time for that because here's the thing
and let me I'm gonna go a little bit
stronger on this if you're saving other
businesses other hotels you damn well
ought to save the Trump Hotel Trump
hotels Trump business you damn well
order because what did what did the
Trump family do to you not talking about
president
he's turned over you know management and
he's a certain age but what you know
what did it Ivanka do to you that that
that a business she's associated with
doesn't get to live and the employees
the employees that that work there don't
get to have their jobs what what did she
do to you what did Don Jr well you know
what in a derrick Trump you know
obviously with everybody's political you
know everybody's insulting each other
but what have they done as citizens that
makes you want to carve them out for
special destruction economically not
acceptable absolutely not acceptable
Chuck Schumer if you're picking winners
and losers for political reasons and you
said it clearly I mean it's right there
it's in his tweet the very first
sentence the GOP GOP is a slush fund to
bail out Trump hotels now I assume what
he means is that some of that money
could be used and would expect to be
used to bail out Trump hotels as well as
other hotels do you have a problem with
that I don't now of course I want to see
the numbers that want to make sure that
saving the hotel business is you know a
good use of the money compared to
whatever else I could use the money for
assuming there's some limitation on how
much money is available you know I'd
like to see the reasoning but if you're
going to be looking at saving other
hotels because the the the recreational
and you know tourist business is so
important in the United States is a real
big part it's a big big big thing why
would you exclude the Trump hotels I
mean really you flew across the country
to tell us you're gonna be political in
the time of a crisis this is so
unacceptable so deeply unacceptable
Chuck Schumer you were not worthy
you're just not worthy you know every
almost every citizen is taking not
almost every citizen 100% of citizens
are sacrificing right now do you do you
think that we want to see you tweeting
about your politics about oh I can't
make the Trump hotels happy
you know I don't want to accidentally do
something that's good for the Trump
family and and really that's the first
line and your you have your tweet this
is not acceptable this is not worthy
this is not worthy of the sacrifice the
public is making you need to increase
your game what I listen to would I
listen to an argument that says we want
to fix this with these tweaks yeah
absolutely yeah if Democrats have an
argument that says if we if we tweak
this we can solve a problem that wasn't
anticipated sure no problem
but is that is that stated and the GOP
GOP is a slush fund to bail out the
Trump hotels that is literally
mind-reading that is mind reading
somebody is somebody who's imagining
they can see other people's all you know
there are intentions now do I think that
the President Trump wants to save the
Trump business and do I think that the
people who work with him and the
government would be highly biased toward
doing that I do I do
but you know what else is true we'll
probably need to save some hotels and
he's one of them so if you can come up
with a reason why he doesn't need to be
on the list
meaning the business and I am I'm open
to it I'll listen to it but I certainly
don't see that reason it just looks like
making politics to me so you can have to
do better than that because you just
have to do better and then he goes on
and say that that about other businesses
they got a two trillion dollar tax cut
last year when Schumer is saying that
the the businesses that might be helped
by this also got a two trillion dollar
tax cut last year that's not a reason
that's just naked politics because it's
a sunk cost the sunk cost is what we did
last year you can't take it back it's
what happened it's done so shubra comes
into town to tell us that he's going to
make a decision based on a sunk
cost I've taught you what a sunk cost is
by definition a sunk cost
is something that should be ignored for
your decisions today because it's
something you can't change it's just
history it's something in your mind it's
something something in the past you
can't you can't time travel so if you're
making decisions based on something that
happened in the past that can't be
changed as your justification that's a
sunk cost it's the most basic leadership
mistake to make a decision based on the
sunk cost and he's telling you he's
doing it he's telling you I'm not
telling you he's telling you that that's
big part of his decision it's his first
sentence it's a sunk cost that's not
that is not worthy you are not worthy of
her of our sacrifice you need to up your
game neva rava can't tweeted around and
anything he tweets is worth looking at
because he's a fantastic curator of what
your brain needs and went and it was an
article title of at least a full quote
from it is so this was the intention of
the article that we should pay almost
anything you know almost any price to
shorten to shut down even if it costs
you know a hundred times with a
Manhattan Project cost and there was
dollars and it goes on to say that the
the enormous trillions of dollars of
damage have their own expense you know
people die when the economy does poorly
etc and that you know it might make
sense to go back to work because the
economic shutdown if we calculated it
smartly we would see that it's much
worse than potentially the deaths here's
what's missing no mention of the
strategy of using the chloric Laura
hydroxychloroquine hydroxychloroquine
there was no discussion in this article
about the more reasonable middle ground
which is once you could get the deaths
down to zero for the healthy people not
the over sixties but if you can get the
young people death rate down to zero
you've got a path out send it back to
work in some phased way monitor the
situation keep everybody live yeah you
might have to call for a week and stay
quarantine but we'll send you we got
lots of people we're not short of people
to work I mean the big problem is
unemployment so you know we can take the
sacrifice and get this done so if you
read an article like that and you are
fooled into thinking that the economic
destruction of continued continuing this
is far greater in even death count than
just going with the the virus look for
this variable what does it say about the
strategy of using the hydroxychloroquine
to keep the young people at least alive
at least alive and you know turn it into
a cold basically and they miss some work
maybe but that the option is missing so
you could you could scare yourself to
death about the economic turndown by
looking at you know the comparison
without the advantage of the drug
variable being in there and then here's
the thing I think that pausing for two
weeks is always going to be seen as the
right decision because not too many
things break in two weeks not too many
people who lose two weeks of income are
going to be disadvantaged for years I
mean that would be rare right you know
you can if all you've lost is two weeks
of income you can you know grind it back
after a year or so I mean you'll be back
on your feet so two weeks makes perfect
sense and then that's where judgment
comes in after that after the second
week and the president said he's going
to make a decision I think the decision
is going to be a request and I think the
request is going to be I'm going to ask
you to take an even bigger sacrifice and
risk with your health maybe your lives
you know we think the pill will keep you
alive but maybe with your life to get
the economy going and I believe that the
citizens
this country will rise as one and say
yes the Dow losing $1,000 per day on
average yeah you know the beauty of
owning stock is that if the entire Dow
Jones goes down by 20%
you still own about the same amount of
the country so the percentage of the
economic engine that you owned two weeks
ago let's say you own some stock in your
401 K you owned you know whatever tiny
percentage of the total economy you
owned in stocks
you still own about the same percent
because everybody else went down with
you yeah and I always forget that you
know if you have a background in
economics things can look less scary
then again two people don't your buying
power you know didn't change as much as
the percentage that your stocks went
down because now we're all in the same
boat you know in theory yes the stocks
went down and just stayed there which
isn't gonna happen that's not gonna
happen but in theory so too would the
price of real estate so you know the
amount you add to your 401k would go
further you know if your rent would go
down on et cetera if if the economy gets
depressed now I'm oversimplifying and
I'm not expecting things to play out
cleanly I'm just saying that I wouldn't
worry too much if everybody in the stock
market has less you know less dollar
amount we still the same percentage when
it goes back up you'll still have the
same percentage and in the long long run
the percentage of the economy you owned
is is going to be the big thing once
you're over a you know survival level
yeah gas prices are down that helps yep
so I stock market going down today know
that variable gives me no concern none
not a single concern because remember I
told you a week ago that the next two
weeks are going to look worse
so if the next two weeks go exactly the
way I predicted
I don't feel less comfortable because
I'm also predicting that after that
we're going to start the turn back so as
long as my predictions have been spot-on
I'm also feeling a little bit
comfortable about the ones after that
that have not been confirmed and so
should you
alright stock market will bounce back
quickly
yeah the stock market just needs to know
that things are direction directionally
improving so I would expect when the
president gives this announcement about
his decision that if any of it is to go
back to work the stock market worse it
will respond time to fix the tests yeah
it looks like there's something brewing
with the technology of testing because
right now it's it's a clunky time
consuming process and the president
seems to suggest that somebody hadn't
invented a streamlined way to do it some
kind of a 45 minutes you get your
results kind of a test I don't know what
that looks like but and I don't know how
how quickly would cramp
you know ramped up production of such a
thing but it's promising isolation is
devastating oh the speaking of isolation
so one of the problems that Congress
can't seem to solve and it's just
mind-boggling to me here's the problem
that Congress hasn't been able to solve
that they have to be you have to be
present to vote and it makes a big
difference if people are self-quarantine
Inge and you know the two sides are kind
of close to each other in numbers it
makes a big difference if you can't show
up in person you don't get the vote and
if not enough people show up because I'd
ask the question of Joel Pollak he
because he's smarter than I am in all
things legal and constitutional and I
said how many people actually have to
show up and order for the vote to count
and you have to get you know I guess a
majority of people to show up where the
vote doesn't count
because I thought to myself well why
can't you just send one person to vote
and then just agree that you'll vote
offline and then just tell that one
person ok the Democrats won the vote or
the Republicans won the vote but
whatever it is that that one person
would go in and then safely without the
without being around other people just
vote however the people sat at sitting
at home told what to vote but that
doesn't work because the Constitution
requires you get enough bodies in the
room but here's what I would like to
test we have an emergency and we can
test this let's do this for every who
can't make it physically how about they
have an iPad so you have somebody come
in and say here's your senator Lee's
iPad
here's Senator Rand Paul's iPad put it
you know put it in the room turn it on
to FaceTime and they're live but they're
on there on video and I think you have
to push a button to vote so maybe
somebody's saying next to him couldn't
push their button and you know they can
observe it so there's no funny business
so here's the thing if you attend and
vote live on video have you met the
constitutional requirement to be there
in person
well now right obviously know what
happens if you do it anyway remember
with its emergency rules
we're under we're under crisis rule and
the the old rules are all flexible now
what if you just said it's an emergency
if you appear on a video device we will
count you as present it will change that
rule if we have to later but for the
moment if you're live on video in the
room you're present
now what would happen well maybe
somebody takes it up to the Supreme
Court and the Supreme Court says you
know it's our job to you know interpret
the Constitution and shew or we are
where original lists and we don't want
to deviate from the exact word of the
Const
but let me ask you this what are the
exact words of the Constitution I don't
know maybe somebody could tell me oh but
I'm sure it says something like you have
to be there in person but here's what
your Supreme Court can do for you no
that's not the crimefighter virus golf
don't worry here's what you could do
this the Supreme Court could say that
what it means to be in person when the
Constitution was written just doesn't
look like that anymore because they
couldn't contemplate that you could move
your yourself into another space
virtually by being on a device so the
the framers didn't think of that option
so is never contemplated could the
Supreme Court I know you don't like them
making legislation from the bench but
could they interpret the Supreme Court
to simply say yeah it's 2020 being
somewhere in person could easily just be
on a video device because because it
meets all the requirements of being in
the room in terms of communication right
am I wrong that we could just do it you
know just replace people with iPads vote
as if they're in person take it to the
Supreme Court and what what if the
Supreme Court you know doesn't take it
or whatever well who cares because the
American people could watch the whole
process remember this is fully
transparent if you're a home watching
rand paul vote you know you're watching
it at home on TV
and you see his ipad say I vote aye and
then whoever's sitting there pushes as
you know I button or however works I
don't know and you're watching it it's
fully transparent are you gonna be the
the dick who says no no the Constitution
says you got to be there in person Rand
Paul that's not good enough for me no
you're not you're not you're not gonna
be that dick you're gonna say yeah I
mean it's emergency why wouldn't you
makes perfect sense
and if it goes to the Supreme Court do
you think the Supreme Court's gonna be a
bunch of dicks and just say I
technically technically you got to be
basically in that room so no no we're
gonna let the whole country go to hell
because a couple hundred years ago they
didn't know that face time would be
invented no nobody's gonna do that
just fix it just just fix it
Congress you know your your public will
support you just make it make it visible
make it transparent
you know don't don't have any secrets
about who's voting and why who's home
who's there no secrets your country will
support you 100% and if there's anybody
who wants to be a dick about it later
and say oh that wasn't a foul about
because you did not have the actual
physical bodies in the seats we'll just
ignore that idiot all right I mean
there's always gonna be one of those
just ignore him and if he wants to take
it to the Supreme Court fine fine I
think the Supreme Court is going to say
yeah facetimes fine in an emergency
that's what I think all right I think I
talked about everything I want to talk
about let's make sure just checking my
notes bear with me you please bear with
me
oh I'll mention again the website if
you're if you spun up a factory to try
to make protective gear for doctors say
masks or gowns or gloves or whatever and
you're trying to find the buyers go to
this website project n as a neighbor 95
comm project and then n 95 the the type
of mask calm but they're doing more than
more than just masks but they will they
will match people who are making stuff
just sort of on their own they said we
can make these and started making them
with the people the hospitals and the
buyers so that was worth saying all
right I think I have my notes I will be
back this after or sometime tonight I'll
shoot for the same time in the evening
so so if you saw that if you're seeing
this at 7 a.m. in California time I'll
do 7 p.m. tonight or I'll shoot
or can't promise it all right that's all
I got for now be good to each other
we'll be good soon enough bye for now