do pom-pom hey everybody it's time to
get in here we're gonna do a little
whiteboard talk on our favorite topic
try to ignore the sounds of gardeners
outside so today I'm going to talk about
the disagreement between Kanye and John
Legend if you're following the news you
know that Kanye has expressed some love
for President Trump as a person no
discussion of policies just that it's
okay for him to like him John Legend has
weighed in publicly on Twitter and said
hey you know he's not happy about this
because it seems to be validating who he
thinks is a racist which is President
Trump and then it got more interesting
because Kanye this morning sent a
screenshot of the text exchange between
John Legend who contacted him by by text
and made a an impassioned and genuine
request that Kanye rethink his support
of President Trump because it's you know
harmful in John Legend's opinion let me
start by saying both of these people
John Legend and Kanye are trying to help
so all credit to them because both of
them are absolutely putting their their
reputations on the line they're putting
some skin in the game they both have
completely positive intentions but
here's the interesting thing they're
looking at the same set of facts but
seems two completely different movies
and I wanted to give you just a brief
explanation of how these two smart
accomplished well informed people can
look at exactly the same stuff but see
completely different things John Legend
sees you know what kind of
monster you know Trump is a racist
Kanye sees it differently how can that
be
they're both smart well-informed and I'm
pretty sure Kanye isn't is not crazy at
least at least in this sense so how can
that be and let me explain it now the
normal world as you know is it's quite
common in fact it's universal it's not
just common it's the universal way the
human human people look at things human
people human beings we have less of
confirmation bias and lots of cognitive
dissonance and we imagine that were
rational creatures but were not now if
you said to both these people hey god
Danny hey John Legend have you heard of
these concepts cognitive dissonance and
confirmation bias
I'll bet both of them would say yes and
that they would know essentially what
those mean and that they're common
things I think Kanye might be a step
ahead in the sense that even if you know
what these things are there's a second
trap and the trap is that you believe
that these are the things that happen to
other people right if you believe if you
understand what they are but you've only
gone so far as to believe that this is
something that happens to the dumb
people it's certainly not something that
happens to you because you would
recognize it and you would immediately
not do it right if you think that's what
these mean you're not quite
understanding them and I believe Kanye's
probably operating it at a little bit
higher level of of comprehension in the
sense that I think he would understand
that these are universal traits and that
you can't tell which which of you is
wrong right and and I applied this to
myself so and everything I say I would
not know if I'm wrong I wouldn't I
wouldn't have no way to know now there's
some ways you can check stuff but you
can't ever really know if you're the one
who's in the wrong movie but let me run
through a couple of different pieces of
confirmation bias
and I picked the two most frequently
noted ones right there are lots and lots
of them and I think John Legend would be
the first one to point this out it's
like okay you only mention two things
but look I got a long list what about
everything else on the list in the
interests of time I'm only going to make
the point with two of them even though I
know the list exists because if I can
debunk the two most common ones then at
least open your mind to say wait a
minute maybe that other stuff in the
list isn't exactly what I thought if
those two have been debunked all right
so let's do that so the one thing that
people like to say is that why is it
that essentially I think a hundred
percent of the you know out of the
closet racists support President Trump
that's very worrying right like if
that's the only thing you knew is all
the racists are voting for the same
candidate your hair catches on fire and
you say ah that's not good I don't like
this guy if the racists like them I'll
like them that's pretty reasonable it's
pretty reasonable right that should be a
gigantic red flag right so the fact that
African Americans have more than half of
the country sees that gigantic red flag
that's normal
they should see that this situation is a
big red flag so how do you explain it
well the one movie says well it must be
that they they can hear the secret
racist whistle and they feel correctly
this would be one movies version that
the president's a big ol racist and so
they supporting that fits all the facts
that we see in evidence right but here's
here's another set of facts that also
fit and I would argue that they fit a
little better and I did it with a Venn
diagram so here you've got let's say the
the topic is stricter immigration
president Trump's preferred immigration
policies so that's the topic
if you do the Venn diagram I think the
GOP mainstream the people who are not
racists would be saying yeah we like
more immigration control the entire
borders because it's good for American
jobs that might lower crime it's good
for economics in general the racists
would also like all that stuff yeah who
doesn't who doesn't like more jobs
better economy less crime so everybody
agrees on that stuff right but they
additionally want fewer brown people
[Music]
okay that's what makes them racists you
know if they wanted more brown people
there wouldn't be racist or at least
they wouldn't be white supremacist races
so how can it be that all of these
racists are supporting Trump well it's
easy he's got the only policy which in
their opinion would result in fewer
brown people but that doesn't say
anything about these guys nor does it
say anything about President Trump
because his policy is about jobs and
crime and economics the fewer brown
people is wait for it probably not
exactly what the races were hoping for
because remember president Trump's
preferred immigration strategy is that
we take the most qualified people from
every country that has you know good in
let's say good government systems so
that we can identify them right the
whole point of the seven country ban is
that those countries are not even all
Muslim right because I think North Korea
is on there but the the point of it is
that they don't have good systems for
identifying their own citizens so then
we can't tell who we're getting all
right so president Trump's preferred
system would take the best people from
wherever they come from as long as in
this in this context the best means
economically they can take care of
themselves and also add to the country
so they're not bringing in problems most
of them are going to be brown here I say
Brown to cover everybody
is not you know a classic generic white
person so that would include all of Asia
all of India you know and all of you
know all of Africa every country that's
that's in play so I don't think the the
racist would get what they want but
here's there's the thing immigration is
just sufficiently complicated enough
that people default to their biases
because it's a little hard to follow you
know most of us don't know the details
of who wants to do what and if this
policy would change what by how much
it's a little hard to follow and so
whenever you have complication people
default to bias racists say well I don't
understand this whole thing but you know
it seems like less immigration that
would get fewer brown people that must
be good if you're a racist so it makes
perfect sense that racists would vote
Republican but for different reasons by
analogy criminals have guns and police
have guns but that doesn't make
criminals police right people can like
things for completely different reasons
criminal likes a gun for making crime
police like guns for stopping crime same
gun alright President Trump is one gun
terrible analogy and I know forgive me
for this analogy he's one gun the
criminals can use them the good people
can use them alright
for different reasons let's talk about
this charlottesville hoax this is the
usually at the top of the list when
people say well you know it's not-it's
no longer in doubt the president is
definitely a racist because the Charla
Ville situation in which he referred to
people who were at the event as quote
fine people now the people who were
trapped in their mental prisons say my
god there's more evidence of what we
already believed
how can he call these Tiki carrying
racist who have self labeled themselves
they've labeled themselves as racist you
don't even have to you don't even have
to wonder if they're racist they are
self labeled they're margin they're out
and then the President of the United
States gets on TV and says there were
fine people there ah I had exploding he
must be a racist now it's proven well
there are two explanations that fit the
facts of evidence one of them is the one
I just said under this movie and there
are some problems with this movie but
here in this movie the president of
United States is a giant racist and
although he's a very capable person who
you know it made made billions in real
estate conquer the the reality TV show
world won the nomination became
president is making progress with North
Korea where nobody could has goose the
economy he's done a lot of things that
feel like the sort of things that only
really smart capable people can do but
how would that explain how this person
who is so smart and so capable over
decades would decide that it was a good
idea to go on national television as a
sitting president and say you know I
think I'll side with the people racing
you know marching with tiki torches for
racists alright in order to believe that
he did that you have to believe that he
decided to go against his own family
because remember the tiki torch people
were doing anti-semitic chance his
daughter is converted to Judaism his
son-in-law who's in the administration
is a Jew his gran grandkids are are Jews
his main advisors lots of them are Jews
Netanyahu loves him Israel loves him
he's moving the embassy to to Jerusalem
so you would have to believe in order to
believe movie one where
president is a racist and he has called
the the racists in charlottesville fine
people to believe that set of facts you
have to believe that you went against
his family and that he decided that it
would be a good idea to come out as a
racist on national TV wall president
maybe you know but we've seen strange
things happen right maybe but let's
compare it to the other movie and then
you can decide which one which one seems
to fit the facts a little better right
so the movie too says the president
believed incorrectly that there might
have been some people there protesting
the removal of statues remember the
whole event was around whether the
Confederate statue should be removed and
the president is for keeping the statues
and he thinks he's not a racist well I
don't want to get it in his head so let
me let me retract that I always I mock
people for imagining they can imagine
what other people are thinking so let's
let me back off that let's just say that
he's in favor of keeping the Confederate
statues for historical reasons and there
are a lot of people in his space who are
great I come for the record I completely
disagree with keeping the statues the
statues are not history the statues are
decorations you would not decorate your
own house in a way that offended half of
the country or even 20% of your
neighborhood you just wouldn't do it
right because you'd be kind of a dick if
you did that so the statues while I
understand the argument that it's part
of history and you know you don't want
to you know change history the history
is still with us it's in the internet
it's in the history books no one's going
to forget it moreover nobody ever
learned history from a statue probably
in you know throughout we history not
many people ever learn something from a
statue so I call the statues decorations
and in my opinion if somebody on my team
is offended by stat the declarations
that's a good reason to change a
decoration because it's just the
decoration the point of a decoration is
to make people feel good if your
decoration makes people feel bad get rid
of it you know let the history go you
know put it in the books put it in the
internet it's a decoration you just
don't need it all right so that's my
view I only give you that as an aside so
you can you know kind of put it in
context with this discussion so the
president is on the other side of me on
this issue he said he thinks the
statutes are fine wants to keep him
doesn't think that's racist is just you
know a reflection of history his comment
that there were some fine people there
isn't there a little more likely given
the history of this president that he
wasn't well informed about who was there
if somebody told you there was a protest
around Confederate statues who would you
assume was there you would assume that
there were people who say hey that's
racist get rid of those statues and
you'd be right and you would assume that
there would be some just ordinary
Republicans who say hey don't change my
history I like it there cuz you know
even though I don't like slavery I don't
like what that represents it's just part
of history why change the history those
would be good people that you disagree
with
right so the president made an
assumption or let's say under movie 2
scenario he just didn't know who was
there exactly he knew that there were
some racists there he knew that there
were anti races there a reasonable
person would have assumed and I'm saying
that because that's what I assumed I'm
pretty reasonable I assume that there
were people there just saying that we
want to keep the statue of you but we're
not racist now it turns out that there
were people like that but there weren't
many of them so you know it doesn't
really help the argument to say well
there were you know 25 of them there
because that's not really enough to make
a difference they were there and just
were many of them so what is more likely
that a president who is competent enough
to be in this position had suddenly
decided yeah I think I'll just go full
races on TV and insult my family and all
of my closest advisers and make problems
with Israel is that likely does that
sound like a good explanation of what
happened
compared to movie 2 where the president
didn't know all the facts about a
situation that was still sort of
evolving and you know there's a little
bit of a fog of war there and he assumed
the most reasonable thing let me say it
again
the most reasonable thing you could ever
assume about Charlottesville
is that there were some non racists who
just thought they they would prefer
keeping the statues if you have if you
have a protest and a counter protest of
keep the statues and get rid of the
statues you're gonna attract people who
just like statues and are not it's not a
racial thing you know they just like
their history even though I disagree
with them so Charlottesville was picked
up by you know the mainstream media and
they hammered on it forever trying to
sell you on movie one most people bought
movie one if they were already inclined
to believe it all right if they were
inclined to believe that movie one
looked totally reasonable they're like
yeah I guess he just threw his entire
family under the bus and now the time is
gone by it gets harder to explain movie
one cuz why is it that Netanyahu wasn't
bothered by this that's hard to explain
why is it that his you know his Jewish
family members his daughter son-in-law
why haven't they quit or at least sent a
tweet saying hey don't throw us under
the bus maybe they wouldn't and loyalty
or whatever but it doesn't really fit
too well versus movie to the president
who never has a command of all the facts
once again just
every other time made an assumption and
didn't have all the facts how ordinary
would that be if you've seen it
basically a hundred percent of the time
on every single topic
he is always dealing as sort of a
conceptual level which by the way I
think usually works and he doesn't have
every single detail about a complicated
situation I'm not sure Anissa but this
would be the most typical situation I
call the Charlottesville a hoax very
similar to the the Russia collusion
story Russia collusion looked really
really convincing to a lot of people for
how long a year and a half and and now
they're they're gonna have to grapple
with the fact that nobody could find
this collision you know they could find
people associated with Trump who did the
illegal things who lied about things and
they need to be you know dealt with but
the actual collusion the very first
thing how many people believe that well
the people who were not inclined to
believe it didn't and saw plenty of
reason not to believe it the people who
were inclined to believe there's
something wrong with this guy
he must be including they did believe it
and we're looking at the same set of
facts so recapping the Kanye versus John
Legend John if you're looking at this
and somebody will probably tweet it to
you I hate to take your time but I want
to promise you that I've spent a lot of
time with Trump supporters and I don't
see this I just don't see it I believe
you see it I believe you actually see it
well I don't see it and I think if you
were to actually you know gather up some
Trump supporters put them in a room
spend an hour with them see if you can
see it because that's not the sort of
thing people can hide right you could
you could tease that out of somebody
over the course of an hour right maybe
you got to give them a dream
you know something but you're not gonna
be able to miss it if you think it's
there gather some Trump supporters see
if you see if you can find it a year and
a half I don't see it
all right I'm not a Republican I'm not a
conservative I'm left to Bernie even
though the media has labeled me as
alright this week again well here's a
good example if you're wondering how
easy it is for people to be completely
wrong look how many people labeled me
alt right and a men's rights advocate
this week and also a Holocaust denier
this week just this week these are major
publications who could have easily just
googled to find out it's not true
I was also called retired this week
somebody has called me a former
cartoonist if you look at all the things
that were just said about me this week
with all of the facts just in public to
dispute it and to you know debunk it we
don't live in a world where the facts
are guiding us these days so Kanye has
opened a window a door maybe yeah a
crack in the universe and it's hard it's
gonna be hard for people to you know
kind of make their way to the other side
of the hole but it's happening it's
happening you know you you can feel it
let me ask you this just say yes or no
to this question how many of you feel it
how many of you feel something really
good that's about to happen maybe it's
already happening say yeah the essence
you can feel it before you can see it
you can you can feel it you know before
your your logic catches up to it and and
that's where it all starts right change
change starts with the feeling it
doesn't start with the facts because we
saw the facts the facts just don't
convince people nobody gets talked into
something by a fact we think we
do we want to we would like our facts to
convince other people and then we say
hey why didn't my fact change your mind
well the same things happening the other
way they're giving you facts and it's
not changing your mind either so why is
this different I'll tell you why this is
different because it's not fact-based
they're the the split you know the the
the racial divide was always at least
you know in a large part I'm not going
to say that racism doesn't exist I'm not
going to be the guy that says we're
post-racial racism doesn't exist plenty
of stuff to fix plenty of stuff to fix
but the way we're feeling about each
other is a little bit ginned up you know
so it's a little bit a product of the
election cycle we went through and and
top right influencers on both sides
selling a version of reality that a lot
of people bought into and they bought
into it because they they could feel it
right so the the competing versions of
reality were not really fact-based they
were there were to take our emotions
somewhere and and two paths were formed
these emotions and these emotions what
you're feeling now and this is the this
is all Kanye and Candice you know I
anytime I give credit to Kanye you
should in your mind interpret that to
include Candace Owens you know who was
sort of the the brave voice that that
got things going but the two of them
have just changed how we feel right now
so far that hasn't spread to John
Legend's you know the it you know it's
not it's not gonna be that dramatic it's
not like turning a switch but I gotta
tell you John you what look for it
yourself and see if you can find where
the Trump supporters the ones you think
won a few or brown people see if you can
find in any of this Kanye chance the
rapper Candice Owen
see if you can find in with any of these
people rank-and-file normal Republicans
who are saying racist things about them
or indeed not not totally supporting
them completely right watch how easily
how effortlessly and more than that
watch how enthusiastically Trump
Republicans are embracing Candis
Kayne you know and chance the rapper
didn't embrace Trump but he simply said
hey you don't have to be a Democrat
which which felt like a you know like a
civilization changing concept it
shouldn't but it feels like it so just
watch it's all real you know the the
feelings the good feelings that you're
seeing about you know the folks who were
breaking a hole in reality that's real
no no that's pretend so that's what I
wanted to talk about today and I hope
this helps and for the rest of you have
a good day