how did you do bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
bum-bum-bum good morning everybody come
on in grab a seat we still have some
space here a little bit over there
over here all right filling up fast and
I think for the early birds it's time
for the morning simultaneous simp grab
your beverages
I hope it's coffee now admit it it
tastes better when you do it at the same
time you know it does all right I would
like to start today's discussion with a
confession and an apology I confess that
I am completely ignorant about events in
the Middle East completely ignorant I
apologize for all the things I'm gonna
say wrong about the Middle East and for
all the things I have said wrong about
the Middle East the only thing that's
different between me and everyone else
in the world is this sometimes the other
people in the world don't realize that
they also don't know anything about the
Middle East so I'm kind of way ahead of
most of you in the sense that at least I
know I don't know enough to really
understand the region but that said
there are some things I do understand in
the world in general and persuasion is
one of those things that is my special
hobby and so let's talk about the
persuasion psychological mental part of
the Middle East and see if we can get
any you know maybe a little greater
insight maybe some of you will get up to
speed learn a little bit about the area
and here's the thing that's been bugging
me lately
what does it mean that God said you own
the land let's let's say you had two
groups let's call them the the Jews and
the the Muslims
let's say that God said this land is
yours and the Jews thought that meant
them and the Muslims thought that meant
them so let's say you have a situation
where they both think they own the same
land and that land is now called Israel
what does it mean when God gives you
land what does that mean let's say let's
say God gave the land in the Middle East
to blond white guys with glasses let's
say and you know I'm bald at the moment
let's make that bald guys let's say God
gave the land in the Middle East to bald
guys with glasses who wear blue shirts
does that mean that I personally own
some land in the Middle East no doesn't
work that way even if God said I give
this land to bald guys with glasses who
have a blue shirt do I go over there and
build my house I do not do you know why
because another bald guy with glasses
and a blue shirt already owns that land
I can't build a land where he already
built his house so if God says I give
this land to Muslims does that help Bob
the Muslim he doesn't get in land other
Muslims have it so the first thing you
have to understand is that giving land
to your people
doesn't help you at all right unless
there's some reason you can't own any
land there now if you're if you're
prohibited from having land well then
that's a problem right
if God said you can have this land and
then somebody like Israel says no you
can't have this land well then that's
the problem but is that the situation
I'm looking at Quora and I'm reading a
little bit about Israel land rights and
the question was our Palestinians
allowed to buy land in Israel do you
know the answer to that question
no googling before before I tell you the
answer our Palestinians allowed to own
land in Israel go to - now look at the
answers going by you've got some yeses
now that would be unusual wouldn't it
and you've got a bunch of those but most
of them are yes the answer is yes the
answer is yes if you're a Palestinian
and you have money and you are not a
resident of Israel you can buy real
estate in Israel moreover 80% of all the
land in Israel is owned by the
government of Israel and apparently it
will lease this land now if you're a
Palestinian can you lease land the same
as and there's Raley's citizen camp the
land that's owned by the government yep
you can so what is the difference
between a Palestinian who lives anywhere
and an Israeli citizen in terms of
owning the land that God gave them
what's the difference now some would
argue that now that's not good because
the government of Israel is who owns the
land and the government of Israel is
sort of controlling it but what's the
government a government isn't a person
government can't really
oleh and you know the way a person does
and when when God said I give this land
to you know whoever you think they gave
it to can't each individual have as much
a right to the land as any other
individual yes they all have access to
the land now of course there's a
financial difference all right
the financial difference is that there
might be more money with the Israelis
etc but imagine if you could trance
translate the problem over there from a
religious whatever problem to an
economic problem suppose the only
problem that the Palestinians had is
that they don't have money because if
they did have money they could buy land
and then they would own the land that
that God said is theirs and they could
buy up the Israelis land if they wanted
to and they would have the same same
rights that everybody else does now does
that for those of you who didn't
know and by the way I didn't know it I
had to look it up if you didn't know the
Palestinians have the same rights to own
land oh and by the way it gets better
here's also from Chora also that nothing
I say is absolute until it's
double-checked but it says when it comes
to residential lands Arabs have some
often have more favorable terms than
Israeli Jews do in other words if you're
if you're an Arab and you want to buy
land in Israel you often get better
terms and then know that you get better
terms if you're leasing it from the
government so in other words there's
already a can we call it a
reparations built into the system so the
government of Israel controls 80% of the
land but they will lease it to both
Israeli Jews and to anybody else who's
got money and if you're an Arab and
you're buying that land you get some
kind of a discount in many cases which
looks a little like reparations even
though it's not the same people
necessarily that we're involved with the
original dislocation so that's
interesting now ask me this never
answered me this yes the problem over
there are let me let me give you some
context when I look at the Palestinians
who are protesting the big protest
recently I asked myself if you were to
talk to each of those protesters would
they have would they have the same same
reasons for protesting and being angry
in other words or are they are they all
out there for literally exactly the same
reason or if you talk to them would some
of them say it's about economics you
know yeah Israel is squeezing the life
out of us or would some of them say it's
about God I don't care about economics
it's just you know God gave us the land
or is it because they're mad revenge
wise because Israel did bad things to
them because it nationalism yeah what
exactly are their reasons because if you
don't know there are reasons you don't
know how to how to find an answer but if
the reason is that God gave them the
land maybe we should do a little bit
more convincing them that they can they
can have all they want on exactly the
same terms no better terms than an
Israeli who lives there
suppose you had two situations one is
that an Israeli Jew living in Israel can
buy land because you know this is our
country they can buy land or they can
lease land that the government owns no
restrictions now suppose that you are
not an Israeli citizen but you were
Palestinian or whatever and you can also
buy or lease that same land
for better terms in that case would you
say that God gave it to the people who
had the better terms for the land or did
God give it to the people whose
government a theoretical concept owns it
but the actual Israeli Jews can't buy it
at the same price so there's that now
the next thing is I keep hearing I keep
hearing that Israel was sort of the help
the Holy Land but that's just a mistake
because it seems to me that the Holy
Land is the larger area I believe it's
between the Euphrates and maybe the Nile
somebody has to somebody has to give me
a little help on the geography but I
believe the biblical Holy Land was sort
of vaguely described as between the
Euphrates and in some part of Egypt I
think the Nile or something
and Israel's in the middle of that but
it includes a lot of stuff including
everywhere that the Palestinians are
outside of Israel proper so it's all the
Holy Land it's just that the Israeli
nation has the holy sites or some of
them but everybody has access to them so
as long as everybody has access to them
and everybody can buy land why exactly
would you want a two-state solution
versus a one-state solution and I'm not
saying that as making a point I'm saying
that as displaying my ignorance in this
topic because I don't know exactly what
the two the two worlds solution versus
the one buys you because let's say just
tomorrow the Israel says okay let's not
decide who God gave the land to let's
just not decide that let's just say it's
all it's all Israel will just expand our
border will absorb the palestinians will
have some kind of you know rules in
place for who can do what but it's just
all one state
how many problems does house solve you
know try trying to understand exactly
what problem you're trying to solve over
there might be the biggest the biggest
issue yeah and then there's the issue of
what is Zionism versus what is anything
else all right
that's all I have to say for today is
that it seems to me there ought to be a
solution here because you can work out
the god part by the fact that anybody
can buy land there and and I think
everybody can be or to put it another
way yes as somebody said you can run
both movies on the same screen over
there I'm pretty sure that both of them
can get what they want with a little
tweaking I got to go do something else
and I'll talk to you later