[Music]
let's see if we can make all this
technology work today it's going to be
an
adventure all right we've got two pieces
of Technology working so far that's
pretty good that's pretty
good is everybody else here it looks
like we got YouTube in the house how
about
Rumble my Rumblers are here hey Rd
G that means X is probably up and
running good looks like everything's
working
[Music]
today all right good morning everybody
and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams I'm pretty sure it's the
best thing you've ever seen in your life
and it's going to get better wow wow is
it going to get
better and if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny smooth
human brains all you need for that is a
cuper mugg or glass a tanker chal
orstein a Ken juger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee andjoy me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dope mean h
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now very
satisfying very
satisfy well today will be a little
experiment in
entertainment I'm going to do something
a little bit different I'm going to do a
bunch
of uh technology and other news towards
the end and which I have not quite
prepared for but uh thank you Owen we're
going to talk about some of that at the
end so wait for the interesting stuff at
the
end so that makes you stay here until
the end you're thinking I wonder if
there really is some interesting things
at the end well I'm a little
unprepared because I did a thing I know
some of you have done this before but
tell me if any of you have ever tried
this
before I slept until my body just woke
up on its own cuz I forgot to set my
alarm last
night when was the last time you did
that I don't remember doing that since I
was a
child I've never I've never not had an
alarm
set do you do you ever just wake up
naturally without an alarm on the
weekends or something you say do you do
that you just wake up
naturally is it's when you've had enough
rest I I actually have this weird
feeling today of being completely rest
Ed and I don't know what to do with it
Anything could happen
today I I could be endorsing Joe Biden
today Anything Could Happen my brain is
completely different because I'm all
rested but I'm a little less prepared
let's talk about the
news do you know Angela Davis famous uh
black what would you call her uh
Advocate sort of back in the old hippie
days but anyway she's a famous black
American advocate for uh all things
black and she did one of those uh DNA
tests and found out that uh while she's
been spending her her entire life
fighting against the evil
colonizers uh turns out that one of her
ancestors was one of the original 101
pilgrims on the
Mayflower
so turns out she's uh descended from a
long line of colonizers if you call the
pilgrims colonizers I think I would call
them people escaping from Europe but
it's a funnier story if you call them
colonizers and wokness had that story on
X well there's a question whether AI
well of course we're going to talk about
Iran I'll get to Iran I just like give
people a few minutes to come
in uh so uh Andre horz the VC firm
thinks that AI companions could replace
real relationships but some say it can't
replace human touch and real
interaction how many of you think that
AI will never be able to replace human
interaction well I might be a little
ahead of some of you in that I've been
experimenting with this replacing of
human interaction thing and I'm nearly
done building my own um my own AI That's
based on me and talks like me
so I'm using the uh
deli. a uh app and it lets you upload
all any documents or information or
videos that would you know be part of a
specific training database so I've
trained an AI to be
me and so now that I've got enough
information in there to have a a long
conversation I was uh preparing some
food last night and I thought you know
what would be fun to have a convers
ation with
me and so I turned it on had a long
conversation about the nature of free
will and you know what career things
work better and it actually did answer
all of the questions like
me I I didn't find a single question
that it didn't answer the way the live
Human would have now I use different
words sometimes I would have worded
things a little differently but sure
enough sure enough and it wasn't
bad it wasn't as good as human
interaction it's different but it did
entertain me and it definitely would
have been better than watching a
movie so I think what it's going to
replace is terrible scripted
entertainment I don't think it's going
to uh replace as much human interaction
but it will it will replace the things
you were just sort of watching with your
headphones on you might you might prefer
having a conversation because you when
you have a conversation with the AI it
also knows everything about the real
world so I can talk to a version of me
that knows everything that I know that
was important enough to put in a book or
in a
video and knows all of that but in
addition I could ask you something that
only Wikipedia knows and it will know
that but it will know it in my voice
it's pretty cool I'm having trouble
training it to get some of the details
right without hallucinating but I think
think I can fix that I don't
know um so the thing is the the thing
you can't get from uh robots is the
oxytocin and oxytocin is the thing that
makes you feel good and loved and not
lonely here's what I think I think
you're going to get the oxytocin as a
separate drug which by the way can be
done now did you know that here here's
one of my biggest
mysteries here I I genuinely don't
understand this and I might have a fact
wrong that might be why I don't
understand it we know for sure there's
this human drug that the body produces
called
oxytocin it's really the only thing that
makes you feel
good let me say that again it's the only
thing that makes you feel good the
dopamine can make you feel excited in
sort of a I had a couple of drinks kind
of a way not you know not really a
lasting way but the oxytocin is a thing
that makes you perfectly happy just
sitting Where You Are it's like I'm just
happy I don't care what I'm doing I'm in
a relationship somebody loves me
somebody just hugged me you just feel
good now here's the weird part
apparently I'll take a fact check on
this you can give somebody that drug you
can put it in I think in a needle or a
pill or something and there are some
people just don't produce it so I think
you can just give it to them but here's
the
thing what would happen if he gave it to
somebody who didn't have a medical
problem they just wanted a little more
oxytocin I feel like there's this giant
medical secret out there that they could
make everybody happy with an oxytocin
you know pillar
injection and I feel like they know if
they started giving it to people it
would be the end of
civilization because we wouldn't need
other people it it is the drug that
makes you need other people imagine
giving somebody this drug and they just
feel good they would genuinely feel good
they would they would have nothing that
they need and they would be able to do
their work you'd be able to drive
because it's not it doesn't affect your
you know
physicality it would be the end of
civilization because it's literally the
drug that makes you even want to touch
another person so just think about that
we're probably one pill away from the
end of
civilization no we're probably one pill
away from being happy that you have a
robot and it makes you perfectly
satisfied to have a robot so if you can
make your a robot have a conversation
with you and bring you your oxytocin
pill and make you take it every morning
that would be called a full
relationship all right well the PO the
pope has come out and he's uh denounced
attempts to close the southern border he
says it's Madness it's Madness I say and
that those people need to be cared for
with empathy and compassion all of them
all all 20 30 million of them and and uh
I'm wondering how long it will take Ron
Des Ron Des sensus to start shipping V
to start shipping migrants to Vatican
City because you know what no I'm not
joking how about we ship the pope about
a million migrants and just dump
them right in Vatican City and say why
don't you maybe mind your own business
how about you just stay out of this how
about once it's your problem you tell us
how you like it why why don't don't you
just sell your Vatican put that
money into taking care of the poor and
then we'll
talk all
right and no disrespect bent to the many
wonderful Catholic people but your
leader needs to stay out of this one
please yeah I like it when he appears
every six months to remind us he doesn't
like War like wait a minute I I haven't
heard from the Pope in six months do you
think he's changed his view on war is is
he maybe more in favor of War now and
then he'll come out and you'll say I am
not in favor of war and I'll
say I was a little bit worried that he'd
flipped on that but no he reminds us he
doesn't like
War well you remember the dust up in
Congress between the uh woman with the
two big eyelashes and marjerie Taylor
green now well you do you might not know
since it wasn't always on camera the
woman that Marjorie Taylor green was
arguing with before AOC got into it was
representative Jasmine
Crockett and uh she's black which is
important to the story um and she says
on an interview that uh she wants all
the Trump supporters to know that I will
always be smarter than
you really she's smarter than all the
Trump
supporters all of them
if uh if she and I sat down and took the
SATs she'd smoke
me is that what she's
saying and apparently she's a little
prickly because she said without being
prompted uh oh you can call me a Dei
hire if you want but I'm smarter than
all of the magga
people do you know what a magga person
never would have
said I'm smarter than all black people
or I'm smarter than all
Democrats it's something a magga person
wouldn't say do you know
why well they're not Dei hires for one
thing no my point is that the Dei thing
is uh it's doing its
job if you were to design a
system
um that let's say you wanted to design a
system to not work how would you design
it I think Dei is that system on paper
it can only
fail why because if it succeeds in its
let's say lower level goal which is to
hire and promote and put into positions
of power more people who not would not
have had the chance otherwise so that's
that's the stated goal but what is the
obvious impact of that if you don't have
enough Supply the obvious impact is you
hire a whole bunch of people who are
unqualified because it's more important
for you to hit that goal of
diversity and maybe you worry about
later you can worry about the competence
of the people but atast youate your goal
now in the real world nothing happens
the way Mark Cuban says it should where
all Dei really does according to Mark
cubin is make companies try harder to
get good different
hires now I'm totally in favor of
working harder to try to make sure that
you've got diverse hires but in the real
world everybody knows that that causes
real Ordinary People white people to go
hire anything that isn't white because
that's how you win and everybody likes
to win so if you want to win you're
going to distort the system hire as many
people as you can to get your University
number up because that's what's being
measured you know maybe somewhere in the
future you'll also be measured on
performance but not right
away have you ever heard that people
will respond to their immediate needs
before they think about the longterm
their immediate need is to keep their
own job so they got to get the diversity
number up that's the immediate need and
if you don't do that you won't be there
for anything to happen later you just
won't be employed so you got to get to
diversity number first and maybe worry
about what you'll do about the rest
later change jobs if you have
to so the fact that uh she needed to
defend herself from being quote a Dei
hire or as some of us like to call it uh
didn't earn it means that the the shine
has gone off of
Dei and that's what you want you want a
world
where you know the hard work and the
putting in the effort and being good at
your job is what we care about the
most and ideally if you want to make a
fair world you would fix the educational
system at the youngest level which is
where all of the systemic racism comes
from in my opinion maybe 80% I'd say 80%
of systemic racism which I think is real
some of you might debate me but I think
it looks real to me uh I think it comes
in the early childhood if you don't get
a good education everything else just
goes to hell so and you might you might
take it back in another level and say
has something to do with the family
situation but I think you could at least
fix it in the
schools um it's a little harder to fix
the family situation once the kid has
been
born well let's talk about that Iranian
uh leader was it president or prime
minister it's a president right I think
president well if you didn't know the
president in Iran is not too important
it's not like a president in the United
States in Iran their system is the
supreme leader the religious leaders
have the control of the military and the
nukes and the geopolitical decisions all
the big stuff and then the president
makes sure that the little stuff gets
taken care of it's president yes not
prime minister um so the president whose
name i' never heard of because it wasn't
important anything um died in a
helicopter crash
now when I saw the crash site and I knew
that it was in the fog I guess there
were three helicopters involved but two
of them turned back because it was too
foggy and one didn't turn back it went
full Kobe Bryant
and looks like it plowed into a
Mountainside now I have a question
because I've never flown a helicopter or
an airplane you've got an
altimeter but the altimeter isn't going
to tell you that you're flying directly
into the side of a mountain right like
it'll it'll register it but not until
it's too late because the the steepness
of the hillside you're going into is
that right so you would you would think
you're way above the ground until you
hit a wall wouldn't you because the
altimer is just telling you the
altimeter isn't telling you how far you
are from a mountain it's telling you how
far you are from The Valley in front of
the mountain I think so it's not too
hard to understand how they' hit a
mountain in the
fog but you also wonder why they weren't
flying on uh
instruments so I guess I have a don't
helicopters fly in instruments they
would have to right it's not just an
airplane thing is it I would think that
you'd be trained for this situation and
that your GPS would tell you there's a
mountain
there now now my understanding is a a
modern pilot would have something like
an iPad and the iPad should show you
basically the entire terrain whether you
can see it with your eyes or not right
and it would also help you plot a path
that avoided all the mountains and then
you would just fly according to that
path so I don't exactly
know yeah I don't exactly know how uh a
helicopter that would be equipped enough
and trained enough with the pilot
probably two pilots um that you would
have this kind of an accident but on the
other hand the other two the other two
helicopters turned back so the fact that
the other two helicopters said it was
too dangerous it certainly suggests that
flying on instruments wouldn't be good
enough at least according to two of the
three
Pilots now some of you are going to
speculate that uh Israel did something
clever like jamming the electronics or
something but given that the other two
pilots who were there that same time
with the same decision apparently
thought it was too dangerous suggests
that you wouldn't need any jamming of
equipment to get this outcome
now if you're going to go all the way to
well Israel is so smart that they knew
if they could jam it when he got close
to a mountain it would look exactly like
a natural
accident yeah okay but but that's a
little too
clever I'm going to say I reject that
for
being not
impossible it's not
impossible but seems likely now if I
were going
to if I were going to kill somebody with
a clever plan like that here's how I'd
do it I'd get somebody on the inside to
switch out their altimeter with a fake
altimeter and I'd reprogram their iPad
and i' just too
hard yeah I don't think you can do it I
I think at the moment that their
equipment got
jammed you know they might just say uh
we better you know just go down so
wherever we are and wait for it so I
don't believe the I don't believe it was
anything but an accident even Iran is
saying it's just an accident and you
know Iran would try to blame Israel
right if they could blame them at all
they would so I'm I'm going to say the
odds of Israel being involved are low
but here's the really interesting
Intrigue not only uh his name is risi r
a i s i I may be pronouncing incorrectly
because I've only read read about it I
haven't heard his name but RIS anyway um
some are saying that in tran they're
celebrating his death uh while at the
college campuses they they might be
mourning it which is weird so I don't
believe stories about who's celebrating
anything that that by its nature is a
more likely fake news because do you
imagine that Iran acts like one person
do you imagine that if somebody at that
level dies that every person is
celebrating that's not likely is it
don't you think that maybe a few people
did celebrate but we don't know what
percentage this is one of those if you
know that if you know the the number but
not the percentage it doesn't tell you
anything what if a 100 people were in
tran celebrating what does that tell you
nothing it's a 100 people did did the
other millions of people in tran were
they crying I mean you kind of need to
know that right so if the only thing you
know is that a bunch of people were
celebrating and you don't know what
percentage that is it's kind of a
nothing it's a little bit of a
propaganda um but we'll find out I
suppose we'll find out in in the coming
days all right but here's the most
interesting part about this
story apparently the supreme leader the
religious
leader and I'm not even going to try to
pronounced his name right cuz there too
many KES and K and K and KES
and can we all agree that it's just
something
like will yall give me a
pass I'm just going to mumble his name
from now
on I'm not even G to try all right so
anyway the supreme leader is like 85
he's not going to last too much longer
so the question is who is going to
replace him and the guy who just died
was considered the the likely Heir and
he was 62 so if he'd taken over it would
have been you know maybe a few Decades
of that guy but now that he's gone the
the rumors are that the next in line or
the most the person most likely talked
about is the Supreme Leader's own
son now that's a
problem that's a big problem cuz it's
turns out that uh if you remember what
the uh Iranian Revolution was all
about the whole point of the Iranian
Revolution was to get rid of the um the
kingdom you know the king because it was
a hereditary situation wait a minute why
do you get to be king just because your
father was King well I'm the son of the
king wait a minute we don't like that
we're going to overthrow you yeah the
monarchy was not liked but what happens
if if you're a religious leader who is a
symbol of the person who got rid of that
monarchy what what happens if if his son
becomes the next supreme leader well
there's some thought that the Iranians
would say nope nope that's that's a
violation of everything that gave you
legitimacy so it could be that you know
in case he does it anyway because you
could easily imagine the
ayatolla would want his sun in there
even if it's kind of
risky uh so some are saying this would
be the trigger for the big internal
Revolution and then it gets you right
back to wait a minute are you telling me
that killing this one guy this one guy
of all the people in Iran might be the
single most important
lever to ending the let's say the evil
regime that one person more important
than even if You' killed the head
because if you'd killed the supreme
leader probably would just be replaced
with another supreme leader but this is
the only person in the entire country
who could set up this situation where
the supreme leader might be in a
position of reproducing the monarchy
which would be the most likely situation
would cause an internal
Revolution does that seem likely that
the only person who could cause a
complete dissolution of the government
is the one who died in a foggy
helicopter accident at exactly the time
that Israel would want that to
happen I don't know there there there
are a few coincidences here aren't
there on one
hand if if it's too dangerous to fly and
one of the three helicopter Pilots did
it any way and ran into the side of a
mountain like Kobe Bryant exactly the
way you'd expect an accident to look and
there's no indication from the Iranians
was anything but an
accident makes you wonder I'm going to
add another rumor just to make it a
little harder for the Iranian
regime you ready for this I haven't
heard this yet but I assume there's
somebody saying this can you tell me if
you've heard this
yet the most likely perpetrator is not
Israel it's the ayat toa's son the a to
his son had only one person to get out
of the way before being the supreme
leader of
Iran so it could be that the Ayatollah
son took him
out one way or another I mean he would
the Ayatollah son would have more access
to let's say you know planting a bomb on
a helicopter or something if that's what
happened and it could be that they just
waited until it was foggy so it look
like an accident maybe but then how did
it perfectly hit the side of a mountain
yeah the the fact that he hit the side
of the
mountain that makes it probably 80%
likely it was accidental and then all
the other coincidences which are major I
mean you can't get a bigger coincidence
than that that the only person the only
person who could bring down the regime
who wasn't the head of the regime I mean
that's a really big
coincidence so I'm going to say 20%
likely uh there's something going on
behind the scenes there that we didn't
know about but I think a more likely
candidate would be the ayatollah's son
or the Ayatollah himself more likely
than even uh
Israel
um Troy New York the founder of the uh
AI chipmaker Nvidia wants to start a
Quantum Computing Silicon Valley in
Upstate New York now Troy New York
happens to be the birthplace of my
father
and a place I've been a number of times
and um I don't know if he knows what the
weather is like in Troy New York
apparently you went to school somewhere
in that area
rinier and
uh why would anybody put a business in
Upstate New York have you ever been to
Troy Troy New
York do you know what you want to do
when you get to Troy New York you you
want to leave as soon as you
can like get me out of Troy New York no
I don't know maybe it's better since I
was there it may it may have improved I
should not make fun of Troy New York it
may have improved since I was
there that was your Elma moer too oh was
somebody here who actually went to
renier poly Technic
Institute so anyway maybe there'll be a
giant Silicon Valley that they will call
Quantum Valley in Upstate New York
maybe well Byron Donald's uh um is
posting about Joe Biden he was doing
some interviews and he's talking about
Biden's uh potential drug use um while
he's giving speeches so you know uh
Trump brought this up he says that Biden
has to be drug tested because he must be
all Juiced up so this is what Byron
Donald says about Biden he comes in
jacked up he winds down he's diminished
by the end there should be drug testing
before the presidential debate and there
is a reason why the White House is
hiding the her audio we deserve to know
the capability of our oppus which I
agree with of course but let let me uh
just tie a couple of stories together
remember how I was talking about
eyelash eyelash woman and how she's
being called a Dei hire do you know who
has never once been called a Dei
hire Byron Donald's do you know you know
why nobody calls Byron Donald's a Dei
hire because within 10 seconds of
opening his mouth you say oh you belong
there am I right when when Byron
Donald's opens his mouth it takes you
all of 10 seconds maximum maximum 10
seconds and you say oh you you belong in
that job in fact when you see him talk
you say to yourself vice
president maybe president
am I right I I I have a uh rule of
thumb it goes like
this
racism only lasts until you start
talking racism only lasts at least
racism against you specifically it only
lasts until you start talking and it
immediately changes into who are you let
me give you a uh if you're black and
watching let me give you one of the best
pieces of
advice let's say you divide just to
simplify divide white people into
racists and
non-racist and then you're trying to
manage that world where white people are
either racist or non-racist and you
can't tell the difference well let's say
you go to a job at a big Fortune 500
company if you run into somebody who's a
non-racist a white person that that's
great because not only will they be
non-racist they're far more likely to to
be Pro Dei and to give you you know more
of a lift over the other candidates so
if you run into a non-racist white
person you will not only be treated as
an equal you will be treated as a
superior did you know that if you're
black did you know that that non-racist
white people will be so
differential and you know so wanting to
display their non-racism that they'll go
Way Beyond what they would go for even
another white person
now what if you run into a racist oh
 that's a bad situation
right until you open your
mouth let's take Byron Donalds as my
example person he walks into a somehow
he accidentally gets you know a job
interview because his name doesn't sound
black right so let's say he gets the
interview because the person
interviewing him as a big old racist but
does doesn't see by his name that it it
sounds like it's going to be black
candidate so Byron Donald's walks in the
racist goes
oh if I'd known I wouldn't have even
given a minute ofview I didn't know he
was black then Byron Dan Dan he walks in
perfectly
dressed really presents himself really
well starts
talking how long does it take the racist
to do
this holy cow this guy is
great I'm hiring him immediately do you
know why do you know what a racist
really really wants to
do prove they're not a
racist that the racist wants to hire him
even more than the
non-racist to prove that they're not a
racist then later they can spew their
racist stuff and when somebody calls
them they can say look look at Byron I'm
not racist against Byron he's awesome
I'm just saying other people blah blah
blah whatever the racist is going to
say the thing that black people don't
understand is that you have an advantage
with non-racist black white people
because they want to they want to help
you but you also have an advantage with
racists because they want to prove
they're not
racists you have to just spend 10
seconds proving you're not a bad
candidate so people you're you get
judged on yourself in the first 10
seconds well after the first 10 seconds
for the first 10 seconds the racist is
just saying oh made a mistake even
giving you an interview if 10 seconds
later you're
speaking you know smartly and politely
and all the ways that everybody expects
in a job interview it's gone and
immediately you go right to the top of
the list oh wow I can hire this guy and
we'd get along fine he goes to the same
church I go to have the same Hobbies
he's got the qualifications I totally
want to have this person so I don't
think that people understand that racism
only last 10 seconds even with the
racist now suppose you got higher there
and then the racist says some racist
things later you would be able to talk
to them because you would have already
earned their respect as just an
individual and you could have any
conversation you wanted so I'm not sure
people completely understand that that
the first the racism only lasts 10
seconds once you're in person right
before you're in person it's a bad
situation could be
so what the hell happened to Senator
Marco
Rubio has anybody noticed some kind of
weird change in him
lately do you know what I'm talking
about before I say it I wonder if you're
notice it there there's something
happened you know what it feels
like I'm I'm going to put words into his
mouth so he never said anything like
this it sounds like he's done with this
that's what it sounds like to me let let
me just read back a little bit of his
his interview with Kristen Welker on
Meet the Press right now this just a
sample but I TR but trust me the rest of
it was just as strong Rubio is really I
don't know I I used to judge him as
being too young appearing did anybody
have that feeling he has kind of a
boyish look about him but now he's
growing out of it a little bit he see
seemed a little too not ready when the
first time he ran against Trump but I'll
tell you when I see him in in public now
it looks like he's really grown into the
he sort of grown into the position I
guess I'd say but just listen to this so
Kristen Walker says on Meet the Press uh
do you support Trump's deportation plan
and he said uh and so this is summarized
but first she said you do you do you
report uh deporting you know the 10 11
million
migrants and uh Rubio won't let her
won't let her ask that question it's
like 10 or
11 that number is so outdated he goes
it's like 25 to 30 million and he just
jumps all over just perfectly you know
he went in strong then he says uh to the
answer the question would you support
his deportation plan he says yes we
cannot absorb 25 to 30 million people
went through the country illegally and
then then later she says will you accept
the election results no matter what
happens he goes no matter what happens
no no matter what happens
no that's the right answer the right
answer is is just like shocked that
anybody would be so stupid to
ask that question what do you mean no
matter what happens no matter what
happens no matter what happens no how
about no no no and no and then he drops
in this no the Democrats are the ones
who opposed every Republican victory
since 2000 yes yes Senator Marco Rubio
that is the correct answer
strong and then uh she said uh or Donald
Trump's claims undermining the American
confidence in
democracy uh and he says I think what
Minds people's confidence in the
elections is when you have places like
Wisconsin with over 500 illegal dropbox
locations when you have places like
Georgia where liberal groups are paying
uh people $10 per vote uh what
undermines elections is when NBC News
and every major news Z Lettin America in
2020 censored the Biden laptop
Story
boom that's what I'm talking about see
that's a that's a republican who is
fully founded his
voice I want I want every Republican to
sound exactly like
this because every part of this was um
professional it was professional it was
well informed it was very confident that
the level of confidence that he
presented with his opinion and and he
didn't go too far like you can go too
far into mocking the fake news but he
didn't do that he just laid it out with
fact facts he said here's the facts
here's the facts here's the facts yes
here's the facts here's the facts no I
loved it yeah I recommend watching the
full video because you've never seen him
in you've never seen him in that form
he's grown into he's grown into what I
would call a you know National
leadership kind of a
Vibe all right but
uh the amuse account has an article
today which I highly recommend I post
reposted it and here's something I
didn't
know and way do you know it just listen
to
this and if you're not sitting down you
might want to be and if you're near
anything you might want to punch like
your own window or a wall in your house
step back a couple of feet just on a
punching range because you're going to
want to punch something I swear you
you're going to want to punch something
all right so calm down and listen to
this story which by the way I have heard
in zero national press none but
independent uh I don't know what he
calls himself but journalist in this
case uh amuse says the following and I'm
just going to read it uh a portion of it
it's a longer piece but I'm going to
read a portion of it
because it's amazing so this is what
individuals can do outside the corporate
press listen to this Democrats have
aggressively targeted over
400 Republican lawyers and politicians
with criminal charges civil lawsuits and
disbarment proceedings ahead of the
upcoming presidential
election
400
400 of people who were probably the most
critical to the administration coming in
you know if it's if it's
Trump going further they have
successfully jailed Peter Navaro uh with
Steve Bannon expected to join him
shortly in multiple States Democrats
have pursued criminal charges against
dozens of Republican lawyers and
politicians including Georgia 19
Republicans arrested and charged Arizona
18 Republicans arrested and
charged step away from the wall step
away don't punch the wall
Michigan 16 Republicans rested in charge
Nevada six Republicans rested in charge
Pennsylvania and Wisconsin still
conducting uh criminal investigations
into as many as
30 who have yet Republicans yet to be
charged in addition to these criminal
trials Democrats are pursuing numerous
efforts to have Republican lawyers
dispart step away from the wall step
away from the wall please please don't
punch anything
the Soros backed 65 project has filed
disbarment proceedings against more than
a hundred Republican lawyers which
prevent many of these lawyers from
working until the proceedings are
concluded in almost every
case the charges lack Merit
how's that
feel did you see that on CNN did CNN
cover
that did MSNBC cover that
story CBS
ABC yeah NPR do you remember seeing it
on
NPR
no this looks to me like entirely George
Soros destroying our
country he hired every one of these
people I mean supported them
probably how's this
okay how is this
okay every one of those prosecutors
needs to be in
jail here's what I'd like to see I'd
like to see everybody that lawf fared a
republican uh put in jail after Trump
takes office every one of them they
should be in jail if if they tried any
kind of charges that are clearly
politically motivated and certainly
anything around January 6 is just
politically motivated they should all go
to
jail now it should only be if you know
the courts you know find them guilty and
stuff but no this is not okay this is
not business as usual this is you got to
go to
jail every one of them and we need to
make it so dangerous to take soros's
money that if you take his money and you
do anything that looks like lawfare you
go directly to jail it should be so
dangerous to take soros's money that
nobody wants to do it because it's
basically jail so you've got to you've
got to cut that guy's balls off or we
don't have any chance of surviving as a
country yeah he he's got to be not maged
pretty hard and you know I was on the I
was on the side of
well can you really demonstrate how bad
this George Soros is I mean is it really
that bad or is it just free speech and
you know everybody's got an opinion and
we know he's funding people but you know
they're Republicans who fund people too
and it's all fair no it isn't no you've
gone to a level where you need to be in
 jail you need to be in jail and
by the way I'm softening it because I
think jail would
be let's say that would be the legal way
to do it
then I'm only in favor of the
legal what is worse than
that what what is what is worse than
that I don't there's nothing happening
right now that's worse than that is
there think of anything that's worse
than that that one side is completely
just kneecapping the other side while
you're not paying attention Peter Navaro
is in
jail as long as Peter is in jail it's
War it it's hard to think of this is
just an election it's a War when
when you look at all these Republicans
that are being
lawed that's
not that's not just
politics that's not a difference of
opinion that's a
War if you start jailing people for
 because they're on the other
team that's
War now I don't I don't approve of
violence
but I will observe that the other side
has started a war of violence putting
people in jail is violent I don't care
what you say there is violence
being you know Meed out to Peter Navaro
you put somebody in jail that's violence
there's no way that's not Violence by
any measure now I'm in favor of it if
somebody did something where they belong
there but if you're physically hurting
the other side it's War
and you're doing it intentionally it's
War
so you better vote like your life
depends on it because it
does it's
War all right uh Biden gave a racist
speech at morouse he said that Dei is
our core strength because he's a racist
piece of and he stoked more racial
Division and he said this quote uh what
is democracy black men are being killed
in the street what does it mean to be a
black man who loves this country even if
it doesn't love him back in equal
measure and George Floyd was murdered he
went
on now at the same time CBS is reporting
that more people were killed by US law
enforcement in 2023 than any other year
in the past decade wow well I guess
Biden has a good point then actually if
if the law enforcement has killed more
black people in the streets in 202 three
than any other oh hold on a second no it
didn't say they killed more black people
in the streets it was more people but
still if the police are killing more
people and that includes let's say an
equal you know or disproportionate
amount of black people wait a sec okay
wait I may be reading this wrong now it
says that it says that the increase is
entirely in small towns and rural
areas small towns and rural areas are
where the police are killing the most
people but in the cities it's kind of
going
down what do the cities not have in
common with these small rural
areas huh I wonder if there's anything
um collectively similar about the people
getting killed by police in these small
towns and rural areas versus the big
cities so those two nor stories hit at
the same day yeah it seems like the
police are reluctant to shoot at uh
black people uh and maybe that's good
maybe all it did was take it down to you
know a more reasonable level maybe I
don't know I don't know the
facts but uh apparently it's increased
of shooting white people more it could
be the police just like to have some uh
consistent amount of shooting people and
if you stop it in one place they they
they pick it up in the other place
no that's not real that doesn't make any
sense at
all all right so yeah our huge racist
and chief Biden goes full
racist he also said and I quote he
talked about the erection who stormed
the
capital I'm making a funny joke about
Insurrection aren't I nope he actually
said
erections yes he did in public the
person that Democrats think they want to
be their leader
said to a Full House at more house that
there were erections who stormed the
capital the
erections so he's pushing the George
Floyd hoax the uh January six
hoax also separately the Russia
collusion hoax is being brought up by
Morning
Joe that's right Morning Joe says Russia
is colluding to help uh Trump in the
election and that it's already happening
Morning Joe and the New York Times Molly
Hemingway was all over this but uh the
New York Times is pushing another
anonymous story that there's like one
meme that may have been something to do
with Russia so maybe Russia is
interfering again so it turns out that
when you're doing everything wrong and
you're a walking demon-possessed bag of
 like Biden that uh the best you can
do is revive your old hoaxes that have
been thoroughly debunked that's right
it's the debunked hoaxes
rerun tour the debunked hoaxes
rerun best he has rapper cardi B says
she won't endorse Biden in 2024 because
of the layers of disappointment thank
you rapper cardi B who weirdly has my
respect uh
um like literally I I'm always impressed
with anybody who can have a nonstandard
opinion and say it out loud without
being
embarrassed so I don't know anything
else about cardi B I'm not not really a
music guy and don't know anything about
her
life but the fact that she can do this
gigantically um probably somewhat
unpopular review among her fans and she
can say out loud and then she can give
you you know some details on it what she
didn't like about it I have complete
respect for
that yeah I I also have this this
feeling that some people are born to be
artists like Yay Kanye he's born to be
an artist meaning that his whole life is
Art like even the mistakes even the
crazy things like even outside of the
products he makes he's just always an
artist cuz just won't do what other
people want him to
do so um I I don't know I appreciate it
when any artist is willing to really
really be an artist even if I disagree
with them so she's really being an
artist in that
case
um let's see Michael Cohen will be back
to the witness
stand I tell you I can't get enough of
Michael Cowen is it just me every time
that guy's in the news
it's just going to be a laugh-filled new
cycle in which Trump looks better and
the Democrats look worse every day of
Michael Cohen is a good day more Michael
Cohen I
say well there's a group called the
international criminal court that the
United States has never signed on to nor
is Israel but these uh international
criminal court wants to have uh put out
warrants for arrest on Israeli
leaders uh but also uh equating them
with the Hamas terrorists so they're
basically saying that um both sides need
to be arrested Benjamin Netanyahu the
defense minister
Galant and also hamas's leader sinir and
a few
others so what did uh what did Joe Biden
say about that the fact that the
international criminal court wants to
arrest our allies
um I don't think he said much about it
except not in favor of it uh but
apparently Trump had sanctioned this
group uh or at least the individuals
associated with the ICC because he said
it's just an anti-American institution
and he basically wants to kill
them kill them with sanctions that's
what Trump so Biden comes into office
you know what the first thing he did was
Biden removed the sanctions on the IC
and and then they put out arrest
warrants for our
allies so good job Joe Biden screwing
the pooch once
again all right I'm going to do
something a little different
now um and uh Owen Gregorian you sent me
a bunch of tech related and some other
stories that I didn't have time because
I woke up an hour early late today but I
want to look through them and give you
an
dat so
uh let's see there's
uh here's the the headlines I'll see
which ones you want to see uh toxic
gaslighting how 3M Executives convinced
a scientist the forever chemicals she
found in human blood were
safe I feel like the headline tells me
everything I need to know about the
story right oh there's a big company
that uh did some lying about something
that wasn't safe okay got
it
um let's see the the New Jersey Court
throws throws out 80 charges against
that brave gym owner who defied Governor
Murphy's lockdown orders hey all right
do you remember that gym
owner he was the ballsiest guy of the
entire pandemic who just said not going
to close my gym and then he got arrested
and
um just threw out the
charges when do you ever see that
happen when was the last time you saw a
good guy
win you don't see the good guys win this
hard
congratulations it looks like uh some
men are growing some balls and maybe
getting rewarded for
it um another story that the most
ruthless Mexican cartels are operating
in all 50 states and they're already
having turf wars in all 50
states
um you realize that we have every
terrorist and operative and cartel in
this country now and they all came in
and do you think there's any
chance that uh our our enemies have not
created full plans for uh multiple part
terrorist events of course they have in
theory when Trump becomes uh president
if not before because probably it'll
take a little while to make stuff
operational you're going to see the most
massive coordinated terrorist attack of
all time probably multiple cities at the
same time or Worse multiple tax within
one city which could a city if
they do it
right so I think you're going to see
something very coordinated and there's
no way around it at this point that's
just what you get when you let 30
million people in without checking too
hard um University's uh covid vaccine
mandate violates the US
Constitution hello hello
sanity in in small ways there's a little
bit of winning going on isn't there
sanity is
returning uh there's an autonomous
tennis assistant robar are you kidding
me I swear to God yesterday I was
actually playing tennis with the human
and I thought to myself hey I've got a
ball machine that just sits in one place
and can shoot tennis balls at you for
practice and I thought what if I added
AI to that how hard would it be for the
AI to actually hit a ball with Top
Spin and he just move left and right and
because it never really you know it just
needs to go back and forth and left and
right how hard would it be to make an
actual tennis playing robot
uh it's guaranteed you absolutely will
be playing tennis with a robot within
three years no you agree there's no way
there won't be a tennis robot I mean
it's
guaranteed I wouldn't play soccer with
it it'll break your
leg all right um there's a
met the mask myth is being busted all
right
um let's see where's this come from I
got to check the source
First Source is SC scitec
daily so some kind of study on masks uh
it says new research reveals that they
wearing face masks did not reduce the
risk of covid infection after the first
Omicron Wave Wait a minute is it saying
that it did work before
Omicron uh lead author let's see if it's
says
that uh they're saying that the Omicron
was more infectious so that that's the
one that beat the masks but are they
saying that they did work for pre
Omicron it looks like they didn't check
that all right Liv in a house with
living in a house with five or more
people was a
risk
uh yeah but all right ethnic minorities
was strongly associated with increased
risk being retired with reduced risk
what oh because you didn't have to go to
work all right all right the researchers
said the balance of evidence is that
wearing face coverings reduces
transmission of respiratory infections
in community settings and reduces
transmission of
covid-19 the question is by how
much oo now it's getting interesting the
question is by how much
um says systematic
review
uh says it did reduce the transmission
of the original virus but that uh it was
from pre- alicron days so basically
they're trying to say that it worked a
little bit maybe uh pre Omicron but not
after but they don't know how much it
worked
now that's that's my view as
well so here's my Mas arent not I'm
going not going to talk about masks if
somebody had been wearing a mask and
they had
covid and you borrowed their mask would
there be any Co in The
Mask if the answer is
yes then it worked a little bit because
it's some Co that is in the mask instead
of in the air but does it make a
difference is the amount that get stuck
in The
Mask 00 1% of the
virus is it 10% of the virus because if
it's 10% there might be some statistical
difference but we don't know so I'm not
going to yeah it's the the
frictional story but certainly if some
of the some of it stuck on the
mask that would make a mathematical
difference but maybe not a difference in
the real
world uh Democrat Massachusetts town who
voted for Biden Furious they got what
they voted
for uh border patrol reveal how easily
terrorists and Killers can get in of
course we knew
that
um chat GPT is better than ever a faking
human emotions and behavior we expected
that Bill Mar says he's bored by Trump's
claims uh that by the claims that Trump
would rule as a dictator he says Wake me
up when he blows up the
world
hello Bill Bill Maher uh is not on board
with the Trump as a dictator do you know
why apparently he's not insane that's
why because he actually watched the
first four years of trump and didn't
really see anything to worry
about now you know I I'm uh I'm aware of
Mike covich's uh
criticism that if we give Bill Mah too
much attention we're acting like his his
press secretaries and that he's not
really our friend our friend meaning you
know the right leaning part of the world
which is most of
you um I
disagree I'm going to disagree with Mike
on that and well it's true what he says
I mean that the right is acting as his
press secretaries that part is true but
I don't have a problem with it because I
like to boost every body who says good
things even if in other contexts they
say things I don't like because I like
the message more than the person so if a
person gets the right message be it
Federman or be it anybody else speaking
of
Federman he had a good line I I think I
was going to tell you
that what did fedman say said something
funny
today
uh oh yeah on Good Morning America or
Good Morning Britain ask viewers to
answer ask viewers to answer this poll
it's a non-scientific poll and they
asked is multiculturalism working and
while they were on the air they gave the
results of their own survey 95% said no
multiculturalism is not working in Great
Britain
95% and observably that does seem to be
the case
all right
um Laura Logan is saying that uh you she
has some reporting that we haven't heard
yet that there is a way bigger risk of
terrorist actions from the people who
came through the Border than we are yet
aware of so I covered that but she says
she has a reporting on it that we
haven't seen that makes it extra serious
oh John fedman he was mocking Senator
Bob
Menendez and he called calls Bob Mendez
legal strategy he calls it the blaming
your wife legal strategy the blaming
your wife legal
strategy now that's a funny line because
this exactly what he's doing so he took
a he took all these bribes allegedly but
now he's saying that his his wife was
the one who organized all that and and
maybe he wasn't aware that gold bars
have been sewed into his
suit it's the worst defense I've ever
heard but calling it to blame your wife
defense is pretty
funny anyway
um apparently China is using AI created
news anchors to deliver propaganda of
course
um and some say that Biden was lying
when he promised to give uh Intel to
Israel in exchange for saving Hamas
guess that didn't
happen and let's
see prep pandemic brain wiring predicted
Teen Mental Health during the covid
really what's that about let me see what
that's
about um so a large study using
pre-pandemic brain scans of adolescence
revealed the brain wiring before covid
predicted mental health outcomes during
the pandemic how could that be I don't
believe this story uh the ones who had
stronger connections with the salience
network part of the the
brain responsible forem motion and
reward processing demonstrated greater
resistance okay so people with stronger
brains did better why is that a
story I don't believe well no okay that
looks like to me I think
that's I think that's
BS all right let's see what else we
got yeah let's
see um
I think I got one more
here judge Eileen Canon as Stern
response for Jack Smith well he's seems
like a criminal to
me Poland is spending money to fortify
their border with
Russia negative impact of marital
decline on cognitive function is greater
than the gains from marital satisfaction
okay this one's good we're definitely
reading this one
all right so research found that
improving marital satisfaction
associated with better cognitive
function in older adults right so if
you've got a good marriage you have
better cognitive function
however the however it's going to be the
fun part
however um the link between declining
marital satisfaction and worsening
cognitive function was even stronger oh
so basically being happily married is
good for your brain and being unhappily
married is more than neutral it's bad
for your
brain
well is this in the category of you
should have asked
Scott was there anybody who didn't know
that uh losing your main relationship
and backbone of your entire life is bad
for your mental
health what was there somebody who
didn't know that was there somebody who
didn't know that being happily in love
with your life partner is good for your
mental
state why did we need
this a lot of the science is so
unnecessary apparently they found the
gentleman who punched Steve busem and
he's being held on a $50,000 Bond
what Instagram warns against tagging
Tucker Carlson in a happy birthday post
is that because it'll ruin
your uh so so Instagram warned against
tagging former Fox News Prime Time host
Tucker Carlson uh in a happy birthday
post because he's known to violate
Community guidelines says
Instagram and if you do that it might
hurt your uh social media
standing uh I guess Breitbart is
following up on this but don't have a
comment yet
all right well how about
that yeah if you punch Steve
buy he's going to get
you all right ladies and gentlemen this
is a
conclusion of
uh of our of our time
together so I'm going to say uh goodbye
to YouTube and Rumble and X I'm going to
see if I can figure fig out how to stay
and talk to the locals people if the
gods of Technology will allow me to do
it but uh goodbye to everybody else
unless this doesn't work in which case
you'll all be here all right I'm going
to try to go to locals only let's see if
this
works
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e