hey everybody I forgot you were there
come on in it's time to get your coffee
some people call this delicious beverage
coffee but I don't know where they grew
up where I grew up it's coffee and it's
delicious and it's time for all of us to
enjoy a simultaneous set of the beverage
of our choice doesn't have to be coffee
but coffees the best join me now for the
simultaneous hip ah well there was a
prediction I didn't make that I should
have and it goes like this all right
this is what I should have said the
other day I was thinking of doing it and
I thought yeah I'm not sure I want to do
it and here's the prediction I was going
to say the president Trump is having
such a good week that the anti-trump
media is going to have to go back to
their old bag of tricks and sure enough
climate change so there's big headlines
on climate change if we do not totally
reverse things by 2030 there will be
grievous harm to the world now I guess
this news was going to happen anyway
because the IPPC issued a report but
it's kind of weird that the report comes
out exactly at the time the Cavanaugh
thing is done have you noticed the
consistency of the news it you know if
there's a slow news time there's always
there's always a story that just plops
right in now we haven't heard much about
Russia
do you remember Muller so I don't know
whether we should worry about climate
change this time or not I will tell you
that the way it's presented once again
is fraudulent
so now I'm just talking about the way
the news presents it so I'm not talking
about the science
so the basic science I assume if you add
co2 to a closed system the temperature
will go up and I would imagine that
that's certain enough that we could call
that science that we could call that
true but the projections of course are
are the hard part and with a lot of
variables in play but here's the part
that's completely illegitimate and every
time I pointed out you should say to
yourself oh my god why wasn't that
obvious one before you pointed it out it
goes like this
the world doesn't have one decision to
make climate change is not the one thing
we have to figure out if you spend all
of your money or some trillions of your
money on climate change you won't have
money for the other stuff so when they
say climate change could cause us to
have X amount of you know a trillion
dollars of problems you have to weigh
that against what else would you do with
that trillion dollars would you give
everybody health care would you win a
war would you make sure that a comet
that was heading toward the earth didn't
get us would you you know would you have
more defense against a pandemic would
you build your borders so that you can
protect their there you've got other
things to do with the this money
somebody called the opportunity cost
that is correct so I call this a half
pinion if the only thing you've looked
at is the cost of doing nothing and in
this case you may have looked at the
benefits of doing something but you're
not looking at the opportunity cost the
the trillion plus dollars of things you
should have been doing could have been
doing would have been doing and what
would what would be better would it be
better to remediate to relocate people
to build more more water facilities to
take a trillion toys let's say you take
a trillion dollars and put it into
deforesting the Sahara which apparently
we know how to do now
believe it or not we know how to
reforest deserts that's that's a real
thing suppose we took our Chile and we
just put it into reforesting the Sahara
well I may have my science wrong but
here's the general idea about using your
money for other stuff alright if you
were to reforest if you if you were to
reforest and not DeForest if you were to
reforest the Sahara my understanding is
that it would cool down that region and
that region has a lot to do with the
Hurricanes that form in the Atlantic so
if your problem from global warming is
that too many hurricanes and that's just
one of the several gigantic problems
that are predicted what if you spent you
know the same amount of money just
getting rid of the source of the
Hurricanes what would happen well I
don't know but the point is that there
are lots of ways to spend the money and
if we don't know all of those ways and
we're not at least keeping that in our
mind we're only looking at half of the
situation so there's that let's talk
about the Democrats knew so the
Democrats are trying to do two things
that look like they would be hard to do
to me one is they're trying to paint
themselves as the the party of believing
women now believing women is
specifically in the context of
accusations about sexual assaults now
believing women is good but it sounds a
lot like guilty until proven innocent or
it can slide into that now if you're
trying to form a party that is a
coalition of women and minorities that
seems to be sort of the you know the
Democrats brand is they're the they're
the group that's going to be good for
women and minorities let me ask you this
believing women which gets very close to
guilty until proven innocent at least
the way we think of it and treat it
is that good for african-americans now
it should be right you could make an
argument that is just good for everybody
but does it feel that way if you were
black and I'm not so I don't you know
it's dangerous for me to try to say how
would do you think if you were something
else when you're not but I'll just put
it in the form of a question if you were
black and your biggest issue is that the
police are blaming you have stuff that
maybe you think you didn't do or that
you didn't do how is that compatible
with changing the changing the whole
thrust of the Democratic Party into
guilty until proven innocent if you're
black do you want to be in the guilty
until proven innocent party that feels
like exactly the opposite of black lives
matter doesn't it doesn't it if you it
feels like the Democrats have said that
you know women are going to be the
primary focus of their persuasion but I
don't know if all of these things are
completely compatible if I were black
and my biggest issue where police are
pulling me over accusing me of things I
didn't do beating me up that feels
exactly the opposite of of their thrust
right now so I don't know how they hold
the black vote we'll see I was amused
watching the president's the president's
speeches rally speech in Kansas I guess
and he he tried to label the Democrats
as the party of crime the party of crime
which is very clever now you could
certainly make an argument and they
would wait a minute the Republicans are
the party of crime they don't even
believe us when we accuse them of
committing crimes so you could make an
argument the other way but it's clever
it is clever branding because
immigration is about crime and um being
being tough on crime is the Republican
thing so you could imagine that it makes
sense for the press
and to say that the Democrats are the
party of crime I had I was saying that
they were the party of hate you remember
for several months I've said yeah
Democrats have turning into the party of
hate but that's probably not as good as
a party of crime and here's why
party of hate if if I told you if you
hadn't been paying attention let's say
for the past year and I just and all you
knew was everything that's happened up
until a year ago and I said hey one of
the parties is called the party of hate
what would you say which party would
that be you might say Republicans
because the Democrats would say oh the
Republicans hate minorities so my
framing of the Democrats as the party of
hate isn't as immediately agreeable to
people the way they're already primed
the president went with party of crime
the advantage of that is that you don't
think of Republicans as being Pro crime
you would never think of that because
they're so they're so follow the rules
they're strong on police strong on
military strong on borders so clearly
the Republicans are strong on crime and
if anything they're the criticism should
be there they're too strong against it
you know that would be the criticism
from the left so calling the Democrats
the party of crime is actually pretty
effective we'll see if it sticks it
looked like he was just throwing it out
there to test it see if it got picked up
and I didn't see it get picked up much
so it probably wasn't as sticky as as it
could have been but here was my favorite
part of his speech I've told you before
that the president always likes to use
visual language he likes to brand things
and you know and he likes to say things
in in provocative or interesting ways
because that makes it sticky it makes it
repeatable turns it into a sound bite
and one of my favorite things that I
think was just spontaneous but he was
talking about the Democrats wanted to
bring you socialism but if there's one
thing I've taught you
it's that talking about a concept is not
very powerful so if you were to say
socialism is bad
capitalism is good people say yeah
there's a concept I don't know one
concept is better than the others you or
whatever so comparing concepts is not
good persuasion even if people agree
with it even if they understand the
concepts it's just too abstract but
visual stuff
and things that really have an existing
hook in your brain can be powerful so
when the president president says that
he's that the Democrats want to bring
you socialism he expanded to socialism
and he did it this way I'm going to give
you an impression of the president
saying the word socialism as he did in
his speech I'm paraphrasing but not the
socialist apartment so President Trump
goes and the the Democrats they want to
bring you socialism Venezuela so he
almost made socialism and Venezuela like
a hyphenated new word they're trying to
bring you socialism Venezuela
he puts his hand out with Venezuela and
I can't stop saying it and probably now
you're hearing me say it and especially
if you heard him say it originally how
many of you are now saying it at home it
is so freaking sticky all right say it
with me and the Democrats are being
bringing you socialism Venezuela you
can't get that out of your head
socialism Venezuela I had to say it five
times just because it's so sticky so
those are the little things he does
consistently he puts a visual on it he
he makes it sticky he makes it memorable
he makes it a little bit wrong sometimes
so that you criticize him for it but
you're still thinking about it
etc so
that was interesting what else we got
so yesterday I don't know if those of
you saw my tweet but dr. Drew went on my
my startups app the interface by when
hub app where anybody can contact an
expert and get an immediate video call
and the expert just sets the price and
just says when they're available and if
they're available and you want to pay
that price you're immediately connected
to a video call so dr. Drew was taking
calls yesterday and I tweeted that out
oh I'll catch up with him on that
experience I think I was his first call
because he he alerted me that he was
going to be on there and I actually had
a call a paid call with dr. Joe and I
asked a number of questions that I would
never ask my doctor and I realized that
there's something I realized during the
call and I'm gonna ask you if you've
ever had that experience do you feel
that your doctor is rushing you
sometimes you know they they do a pretty
good job of most doctors of trying to do
the best they can of not making you feel
obviously like they're rushing you but
because of the the system that you're
walking into you know that the doctor is
being paid by that call not by the time
he spends so you're always sort of
conscious that the doctor wants to get
on to the next one not necessarily
because of profit but but because there
are other people waiting so you are your
normal politeness your sense of playing
within the rules playing within the
system makes you sort of want to be
rushed you know you're sort of okay with
being rushed because there are people
waiting and it is a it's a business
model you don't want your insurance to
cost more so you'd like to be as
efficient as possible as well so I
always have this feeling of being a
little bit rushed with a doctor not it's
not the biggest problem in the world but
I feel a little rushed but because of
the interface by when hub app and
because the doctor will any doctor who's
on it would be charging by the time that
they spend i wasn't rushed because i
don't think the doctor would care if i
spend time with him or he went to
another patient if he's being paid by
the minute and so i found myself asking
questions about things i'd always been
curious about but were not an immediate
problem the and i just got this amazing
information from you know one of the
most knowledgeable medical people on the
planet for a very reasonable price it
was incredible
so here are some other things i would
like to see on on the app in terms of
experts so we're having this big
discussion about memory now and you're
seeing a lot of articles in the press
about memory and memory experts etc well
i have a friend you might know carbon
simon who wrote the book impossible to
ignore it's a book about memory and i'll
probably try to talk her into getting on
the app at one point i'm not sure if
she'll be interested but the the general
point is the same wouldn't it be great
if you were an expert on memory and you
knew that the the headlines were about
memory and you could just put yourself
on the app say i'm a memory expert and
then if you're writing an article about
it let's say you're a journalist blogger
you're just writing an article about
this Cavanagh thing about doctor ford's
memory and you'd like to talk to an
expert
just pick up the app here's an expert on
memory boom and you're having a live
call with a world expert like a
published recognized you know PhD expert
in memory who is currently working in
the field right there it's just in your
hand and it took you no time you just
typed in memory and there was your
expert so i think on the way news is
going to be covered could change because
of stuff like this every time there's a
there's an aviation
just think about this every time there's
a plane that has a problem let's say a
plane goes down the the press is always
looking for an aviation aviation expert
and one who knows that particular plane
ideally a pilot who's who's flown that
very plane wouldn't it be great if no
matter what they always just pick up the
app and instead of googling somebody and
trying to track them down and sending an
email to a website that may or may not
be read that's the way the press does it
now or unless they have them on their
list already there you just go to the
interface app and say all right let's
see if anybody signed up because of the
headline they might not be there
ordinarily but because of the headline
experts would just sign up in the app
and say okay I'm a I'm an aviation
expert I have flown this plane I've been
a flight controller at this Airport etc
somebody said how do I invest so we're
not well the the quick answer is that we
the app is supported by tokens a
cryptocurrency that we created for the
app there works within the app it's
optional you can just pay by cash in
credit card but some people will pay by
our own currency called the when if you
own the when and the app does well the
when is likely to go up in value but we
don't call that an investment so
cryptocurrency does not qualify as an
investment but is nonetheless true that
if you owned the when which you could
buy a couple of exchanges now or just go
to it go to when hub calm you'll see
links for buying it directly so if you
go to when hub calm you'll see
directions for buying the when
cryptocurrency
that if the app is successful there'll
be more demand for a as a token within
the app and that should because of
demand and supply cause its value to go
up it's already trading on a couple of
exchanges l a token
la token exchange for example and we'll
be on some more exchanges I think soon
it's both Apple and Android yes and it
works across platform so if you have an
apple you can call somebody was on an
Android alright enough of that let me
give you another example remember
yesterday I was talking about the idea
somebody had the idea that I liked but I
didn't know the know whether would work
and the idea is this to to increase the
postage that China has to pay to mail a
package to the United States and the
idea is to take the month the extra
money from that postage and use it to
buy fentanyl detectors so that we can
check all of the mail that's coming in
from China and that it would be funded
by increasing the postage on China
because fentanyl from China from their
illegal drug labs is probably killing
30,000 people a year including my
stepson this is the latest week now the
part I didn't know is is that practical
could you increase postage is that even
something that we could talk about or is
there some treaty that we couldn't
violate this or some process that makes
it hard well what I would have liked is
that during this periscope I would say
I'm going to ask an expert on how
postage is set internationally there
must be somebody in the country who has
worked in this field they worked for the
Postal Service they've negotiated
international postage exchange rates
effectively because you know what we pay
to mail something internationally is
based on that other country agreeing to
handle it once it gets there so I'd like
to have an expert and say ok is this
idea practical or is it crazy now I've
been saying for a while now that we're
entering a golden age and the way I've
defined the golden age this is sort of
my own definition is that most physical
problems have been solved we now have
mostly information problems which we're
developing tools to solve quickly and
this was a perfect example this whole
post
thing to increase the tax so we can buy
fentanyl screeners to stop China from
selling their poison into this country
is the sort of idea that's either it's
either really good or it's not but it
would take an expert to answer that so
I'm using that as a generic situation
where probably information and the
ability to quickly find the right kind
of expert which is what the my company's
app will provide could make just a huge
difference to society because its
ability to plug that piece of missing
information almost instantly yeah the
Mexican cartels are a big part of the
problem but it turns out that China is
the major fentanyl China as I call them
now oh and I I didn't even tell you the
best part about the idea I'm sorry I
completely forgot to tell you
speaking of memory why the postage
increase to buy fentanyl screeners to
screen Chinese packages why that's such
a good idea the reason it's such a good
idea is that it puts the spotlight on
China for being such bad international
citizens all right
so it's not even about providing money
because it's entirely possible that
somebody's going to say to me you know
that fentanyl screening equipment
doesn't cost that much and it's and the
Chinese mail is coming through one
source we already have the funding for
those screeners to which I say missing
the point entirely
it's not really about how we fund the
new equipment to screen the packages
it's not about that it's about having
something that is ready-made for the
media to say we're arguing with China
and China doesn't want to do this but we
want to increase their postage to pay
for the fentanyl screeners because
they're killing 30,000 people a year
that's why you do it you do it because
it it packages it as a story
there's shames China into doing more to
make sure we will stop talking about
their fentanyl war with the United
States they want us to not
talk about it China really really wants
us to not talk about how they're killing
how many tens of thousands of people
they're killing every year in our
country because if we start talking
about that what does that do to all of
the other negotiations about trade I'll
tell you what it does is stiffens the
the spine of the US citizens presidents
President Trump's ability to negotiate
effectively with China depends on China
understanding the the mood of the US I
would say the mood of the US is that
China is sort of a frenemy meaning that
they're they're mostly friends and in
most ways that country is interact it's
mostly good you know there we're not at
war with them we trade with them we both
make money over each other we coordinate
we coordinate on North Korea so we're
more friends than not but then there's
all these areas of like intellectual
property South China Sea you know some
interference with maybe some stuff we
want to do maybe they were a little bit
lacks with what they're doing with North
Korea playing both sides we don't know
exactly the details that story so China
is sort of balancing between being our
enemy and being our friend
if China can keep their brand clean as
clean as they can get if they can keep
their blant brand clean in terms of how
the United States population thinks
about them then the president is
handicapped so President Trump would
have far less negotiating power if if
the United States citizenry thought you
know we like China why are we messing
with them you know why should we push so
hard on our friends you saw what
happened when he was negotiating with
Canada and with Mexico right when we
negotiated with Canada what was your
feeling because he was going hard at
probably our best international friend I
don't know if that's true but prob
Candida is you the United States closest
best ally friend personal good feeling
just completely positive from top to
bottom I mean you know we joke about
Canada but the fact is the Canadian us
feeling about each other is just very
positive so it was harder for him to
push on them because the population was
like do we really need to do we don't
really need to do that how much pain do
we want to take in this country you know
because of course they would retaliate
with her own tariffs to push a friend
yeah now but China is not quite Canada
are they China you could easily imagine
the u.s. opinion of China flipping one
way or the other if it flips negative
and and people started thinking of
fentanyl China which they should it's
our top priority is the fentanyl because
of the number of people it kills
everything else is just money but the
fentanyl is just frickin killing people
by the droves I talked to somebody at my
son's funeral the 25 year old who has
lost eight friends to overdose opioid
overdose mostly fentanyl I believe eight
he's 25 years old you know normal normal
guy living in a normal suburb
he's lost eight friends to overdose and
most of it probably came from China we
don't know for sure but probably and
then you know I lost my stepson this
week eighteen years old and and there
was another friend his age who died the
next day and from who knows same batch
maybe so this is why you open up the
question of increasing the postage on
China to pay for a fentanyl sniffers or
even to pay for a drug rehab I mean it
doesn't have to be just for the fentanyl
detectors at the porn Evette port of
entry from the mail it could be it could
be for drug rehab but branding China as
the source of this problem and just
making it their brand either forces them
to negotiate better for the rest of our
rest of our deals because they know that
the u.s. is is solidly behind their
president because you know he's he's
hard on China and wants to be friends
and be professional with leadership but
he's very hard on him for negotiating
and he needs the spine of the citizenry
to say push as hard as you need to you
know we'll wait we'll we'll take the
pain we'll take the risk push as neat as
you are to push as hard as you need to
and this would be just a perfect
branding for that all right so let's get
off of that here's what else is going on
China would just transship the you so
somebody said that China would just ship
it through other countries and that it
would come here and that's even more
reason to increase their postage because
we have to check the port of entry from
every country because you're right
China would if the only things we're
checking is mail from China you're right
we wouldn't get it all because they
would just ship it somewhere else to
ship here from after that so we're gonna
have to charge China a lot for extra
postage because because of them we're
gonna have to check all the other port
of entries what as well although we
might have done that anyway
I know build the wall yeah I I don't
know how much difference the wall makes
for fentanyl because the problem with
fentanyl is you know you could hold a
bottle in your hand that would have
enough fentanyl that you know wipe out a
city or a lot of people I don't know the
exact math of it but it's such a small
thing
that Mexico doesn't even really need to
I mean they could literally walk up to
the wall and say hey you over on the
other side here you go catch that so I
don't know how a wall would necessarily
stop that however I did hear that there
was recently a fentanyl dealer who was
not Isis and I believe he was probably
either Mexican or Central American
citizenship who because they could not
get him because of the sanctuary city so
the sanctuary City stuff is apparently
protecting fentanyl dealers from below
the border and I have to admit I wasn't
I wasn't a maniac about the issue in
general because I could see it both ways
I'm I'm emotionally so emotionally
socially personally I'm very bonded to
the you know the immigrants who have
come from below the border both legal
and illegal if you live in California
you're surrounded by people of dubious
citizenship all the time and you come to
know them and love them and trust them
and work with them and so emotionally
personally and in every on every you
know non rational level I'm very very
Pro that population and so I sort of
stayed out of the sanctuary City
conversation because it doesn't feel
like a good system but the alternative
isn't great either because you know you
got some downside both ways at least
there's an argument for it right you
know at least there's an argument before
going either way but now that I hear
that it might be protecting fentanyl
dealers I'm starting to change my
opinion because that is far too big a
risk
if we actually can find fentanyl dealers
we need to start executing them and I'm
absolutely Pro execution for the the
very big fentanyl dealers not not the
local street people were just you know
doing some low-level damage I'm talking
about the big the big dealers of
fentanyl need to be executed that should
be absolutely true because if we have a
you know if we had somebody who used a
gun to kill a hundred people
you pretty much execute that person and
fentanyl crosses a bunch of borders so
it seems like it would necessarily be a
federal thing I think the federal
government can just kill all of them and
I think that China needs to start
executing its own drug dealers a little
bit more publicly because that would
help us a lot
[Music]
Scott wants to pull the lever I would
pull the lever if if somebody gave me
the option of pulling the lever to
execute a fentanyl like a major dealer
not not somebody who just was a user and
you know was selling to support their
own habit or something like that because
those those people just need help but a
major dealer of fentanyl
I could pull that handle so easily you
know you think to yourself I would I
would I feel bad forever because I I
killed I took a life nope wouldn't even
feel a little bit bad it would I would
have a good day being the person who
actually killed a fentanyl dealer that
would be a good day for me which is
probably why we shouldn't have the
deaths that's I think I accidentally
gave you a really good argument for not
having the death penalty because the the
very fact that I'm being honest with you
for this this this specific crime of
killing hundreds of people with your
your drug that you know is going to kill
hundreds of people for that specific
crime
I could I could kill them with joy yeah
that's a pretty good argument for not
having a death penalty frankly so I can
see it from both sides
what if he was later found innocent
you know depends what you mean by
innocent it seems unlikely that a major
drug dealer would be found later not to
have been a major drug dealer
usually when somebody's found innocent
after the fact it's because they did a
specific prime minister you know they
either murder somebody or didn't a
single act that's the sort of thing you
could definitely have a mistaken
identity but if you take down a major
drug dealer and you've got a whole
network of people reporting yeah this is
the guy the the odds of having a
mistaken identity with a major drug
dealer pretty low
somebody's asking about Jordan Peterson
I know why you're asking
so Jordan Peterson had floated the idea
in a tweet of what was he said he said
he said at least consider judge
Cavanaugh being sworn in to the Supreme
Court and then voluntarily quitting to
rehabilitate his reputation this is with
the Cavanaugh's reputation and then
bring credibility to the Supreme Court
now people like me and other people
questioned that's like whoa how does
that work because it seems to me the
only way this judge can rehabilitate his
reputation is by serving and doing a
good job and ways in which people will
recognize as fair so he has one path for
redemption and he took it which is
getting sworn in hunkering down doing
the work of the people you know and ten
years later we're gonna look at his
rulings and we're gonna say yeah that
was pretty fair and then then you have
something like rehabilitation or at
least partial but quitting would
certainly look guilty to people and me
that looked like a bad idea now to his
credit Jordan Peterson modified
clarified
people would say walk their back I hate
that phrase because sometimes you're
just clarifying your thinking you're not
really walking stuff back that walking
it back feel it just has the wrong
connotation so and he explained it in
the follow-up tweet that it was more a
mental experiment a thought thought
experiment I guess and I thought to
myself I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that
you know remember my rule my 48-hour
rule yeah somebody just said a year the
48-hour rule says that if somebody says
something that's ambiguous or
provocative and people are questioning
it you know did you really mean to say
that they give the person 48 hours to
clarify what they did mean instead of us
trying to put our interpretation on it
and then judging it at the same time
it's just a bad process you don't want
to put your your own interpretation on
somebody's ambiguous statement and then
blame them for your interpretation
because she answers are they're gonna
they're gonna clarify so he said
something that I would say was
provocative it was actually kind of
interesting and that's what a thought
experiment does is it made you think
through ok would that work how would
that work how would that make people
feel maybe think about a complicated
thing that was good and then in the end
you could you could see him sort of
softening his his level of I know the
credibility was putting in his own
thought and that seemed entirely
appropriate because he had thought about
it a little more he got a little more
feedback he clarified well we're just
I'm just putting that out there as a
thought experiment to which I say
clarified clarification accepted all
right
so if you here's my standard if you were
tempted to say when you saw his first
tweet or two on this topic my god Jordan
Peterson I thought he was so smart but
he seems to have lost it because this
latest tweet I totally disagree with I
don't see how this could work that's not
really fair that's what the 48-hour rule
does it allows the person who's the
subject of it in this case
and Peterson to clarify he had 48 hours
to to work out his thinking and put it
out there in the his clearest form and
when he did it was a lot more clear and
then I said okay that's he was thinking
out loud sort of thinking in public now
most people should not think in public
it's probably a bad thing for most you
but he's sort of earned the right to do
that all right not everybody should be
thinking in public it's just a bad look
for most people but Jordan Peterson has
very much earned a little bit of trust
right certainly 48 hours of just to say
all right we didn't like what you said
or how we interpreted it give us give us
a little more on that and then I can
judge he delivered I looked at it I said
that's reasonable he put it out there we
wrestled with it let's move on so that's
how the 48-hour rule works all right
what else is happening now somebody say
he isn't really conservative politically
doesn't matter I don't sue I hate to try
to summarize somebody else's brand you
know an individual but I would say that
Jordan Peterson is pro science if you're
saying he is he is liberal or he's
conservative I feel like you've missed
the whole story correct me if I'm wrong
but I thought Jordan Peterson's brand
was what what makes sense and what could
be supported by the facts and what could
be supported by the science now if that
puts you on sometimes the right and
sometimes on the left and you're arguing
oh he's more lefty than you think or
he's more conservative than you think
you've missed the entire point you know
the entire point of Jordan Peterson is
that he's neither of those things the
moment he's left or the moment he's
right he's useless right
I Jordan Peterson is like a an
international treasure because he's
willing to say the hard stuff you can
disagree with him or you can agree with
him but he does stick to the facts you
can't say that about him you can't say
he just ignores facts you can't say that
he doesn't respond to a better argument
because I think you just watched it in
this very question in this very
situation you saw his his thought
patterns forming right that is very
encouraging to watch somebody change
their mind or maybe more just refine
their thinking in public anybody who can
do that is not conservative and they're
not a liberal there's someone who's
following the logic they're following
the facts so it bothers me when I hear
people say he's just revealing his
secret liberal side or a secret
conservative side it's true that
everybody has bias and it would be it
would be surprising if you know he was
the one person who didn't but he is the
one person who's probably more committed
than anybody I've ever seen except maybe
Dershowitz that's a good example for
following the facts
yeah Dershowitz and Jordan Peterson are
two people I trust to be willing to
disagree with whatever group you think
they're associated with if the facts of
the law and the logic take them
somewhere else
yeah Kanye's off Twitter somebody says
sadly keep in mind that when you're
looking at Kanye you have to think of
the Trump model to understand him now I
don't mean the Trump model in that he's
going to be like Trump and in all the
important ways I don't mean that but you
remember that when Trump did anything
during the candidacy it was the thing
that other people weren't doing and it
was the thing that all the smart people
said you shouldn't do all right
so Trump did all the things that smart
people said he shouldn't do and he made
it work because he was doing things that
worked for Trump right there were things
that wouldn't work
for Biden they went to work for Hillary
but when Trump did Trump Trump can do
Trump better than anybody's ever done
Trump because he is Trump Kanye can do
things that wouldn't work for anybody
else all right so if you were gonna
advise someone who might have their
sights set on the presidency someday you
were to advise them how to go about it
you certainly wouldn't say delete your
Twitter what do you like for the average
person because it would take a long time
to build back the audience people
wouldn't bother signing back on it's
like I was just gonna quit it again but
with Kanye he lives in the state of
continuous creation and you can't create
without destroying so he's a destroyer
slash greater because those two things
are really two sides of the same thing
it's like this yin and yang thing
creation and destruction are inseparable
so when Kanye destroys his social media
he's also creating you can't say that
about other people if a regular
politician destroyed his social media
presence by just deleting all their
accounts that's all that would have
happened they would have taken an asset
that was useful and they would have
destroyed it and you'd say well that's
kind of dumb but Kanye is not other
people when Kanye destroys his social
media presence he's he's you know his
destruction is also his creation for him
they're tied because he's a creator
extraordinaire and the big group in the
in the biggest world
I saw you probably saw the Saturday
Night Live thing where after the show
was closing they cut him off but he was
saying some pro Trump stuff and then I
forget the first name but Davidson is
the the SNL actor who came on and did a
skit mocking Kanye for being on the show
now I have two comments about that first
of all and if anybody knows is it Pete
Davidson okay thank you so Pete Davidson
I didn't know a lot about him I guess he
is dating ariana grande so he's got
something going for him well I didn't
know much about him
I don't watch too much Saturday in their
life but I have to say even though the
things he was saying I completely
disagreed with he is really funny
right you have to do a really good job
in humor to make me laugh when the point
of your humor is so completely
objectionable to me he's really good so
that's my first thing Pete Davidson is a
really funny guy so he made me laugh
when I shouldn't have and that was great
so credit him for extraordinary talent
but one of the things he said is what I
call loser think loser think because one
word loser think and it's the way that
unsuccessful people think no obviously
Pete Davidson is not unsuccessful he's
closer to the definition of successful
but that idea that he put forward was
this that Kanye should stick to music so
what he said was the Kanye's a genius
but that he's a musical genius and that
he should stay in his lane would I be
talking to you right now if I took that
advice all right there are 2000 people
watching me on periscope right now
you've seen you've seen the influence
that I have on on things you've seen how
it's changed you some many of you every
day somebody comes up to me and tells me
how this literally happens every day
that's something I read they something I
wrote that they read either one of my
books usually had to fail at everything
or win Bigley and they'll say it changed
my life I got a promotion I got I got
you know some huge success
from you none of that would happen if I
stayed in my lane president Trump would
not be the president if he stayed in his
Lane he neither would he have been a
golf course
developer neither would he have been a
reality TV star staying in your lane is
just the worst advice you could ever
give someone that you acknowledge to be
a genius all right now it's one thing to
say that Michael Jordan shouldn't play
baseball because that's one of those
situations where you can predict how
that's going to go with enough certainty
that you can say well you know this
probably won't work out and still keep
in mind that Michael Jordan wasn't sure
that he couldn't be a major league
baseball player he didn't know he
thought he could be and he came pretty
close right so I'm still in favor of
Michael Jordan having tried that move
because here's what you don't tell
Michael Jordan stay in your lane all
right even though most of us thought it
wouldn't work out and it worked out
pretty well it just didn't go all the
way you just don't tell a genius and one
thing to not try another thing because
whatever made somebody successful in one
thing probably has some spillover all
right so when you say somebody is a
musical genius and they haven't and the
knock on Kanye is that he hasn't studied
his history enough well there's
something to be said for that I'm not
going to I'm not going to say that you
know Kanye is a historian and I'm not
going to say that I'm a historian either
but Kanye is approaching it from a
creative place and the creativity is
something we haven't seen at a level
that he could provide it even Trump you
know he Trump will get out of any box
you try to put him in
so he'll he'll break every mold but he's
not creative in the same way Trump is
more creative in the sense that he
brings a business persuasion selling set
of tools to a place that didn't have
them
or at least not to that extent Connie it
just brings a whole new thing it's stuff
you haven't seen before so let me put
this a little context I have said very
unpopular ly I have said that I believed
that Obama was a good fit as a president
for the time he was president so he was
a calm voice at a time when we needed
calmness to keep the economy from
falling over the edge probably did the
right stuff or enough of the right stuff
to save the economy so I think Obama was
a good choice it was also sort of time
for a black president in my opinion the
the country sort of as one said yeah
it's just time to do this let's let's
let's check this off because we'll feel
incomplete until we found at least a
black president it feels like you just
got to get past that so I think Obama
was really good fit for those times I
think he would have been a bad fit if he
could have done a 16-year term I think
he would have been a bad fit for a a
rockin economy when things are going
real well you want somebody who will
take a little extra risk because you can
afford a little extra risk when things
are going so screamingly well and that
that best fit is Trump so I think you
can have a different president for each
block of time and you get one that fits
now let's say we get to the point where
the president Trump has the economy just
screaming but yet we can't solve stuff
like health care and you know let's say
opioids are still a big problem we still
have these big problems but we don't
have a money problem think about this
think about how big this thought is
where we're entering the point where the
economy is so strong and we have so many
billionaires who are willing to help
that money isn't a problem for most of
our big problems
it isn't do you know what is the problem
do you know what's lacking what is this
that what is the thing we don't have
to solve the biggest problems in this
country what do we don't have you might
say well we don't have leadership the
Congress or something like that well we
don't have you know a defective Congress
as effective as it needs to be but we
also don't need Congress because
remember I just told you we have all the
money we need there are enough
billionaires who would gladly fund a
good idea what we're missing is a good
idea and I mean that in the general
sense we need better ideas for drug
addiction we need better ideas for
training we need better ideas for a
school we need better ideas for safety
we need better ideas for you know the
urban blight you know once it's clear
down what are you going to put there we
need better ideas for how to be better
to each other
we need better ideas for reducing racism
which of those things does Congress do
you know does Congress come up with good
ideas that's sort of not their job
they're not the right ones so in the
unique situation where your economy is
screaming but you still can't solve your
problems what do you need who do you
need you need somebody like Kanye you
need somebody who's gonna say we got the
money that's great and we couldn't do
anything without it so thank you
President Obama for getting us away from
the ledge and getting us a solid base
thank you president Trump for making
this economy just scream and also
getting rid of most of our external
threats North Korea you know the other
big external threats
if we're in that situation at the end of
Trump's presidency where the economy is
screaming and we don't have external
threats like we used to we just still
have problems and we don't have ideas
what kind of a president do you need do
you need an Obama know you wouldn't be
the right fit do you need another Trump
like Trump to the whoever is the closest
to Trump
probably not probably not if everything
is going well
you might need somebody who can change
the national mind you know somebody who
can who can add diversification to the
way were thinking so before you dismiss
Kayne for not being like other
presidents are or like people we expect
to be President
just consider that that's not what he's
offering he's offering the thing we
don't have and we need nobody's offered
that before who's the other who's the
other politician who's offered that
level of creative destruction and
remember creation and destruction can't
separate them if you do it right and
Kanye does it right he'll be he brings
the destruction along with the the
construction all right
am i predicting president Kanye West
well the minimum requirement for
predicting that would be how serious he
gets it would be hard to bet against
Kanye if he was if he was just full-on
I'm gonna make this happen there just
some people that are hard to bet against
and he's one of them yeah Rand Paul I
see the name going by in the comments
Rand Paul's reputation is sky-high with
me right now
so Rand Paul is on my my good list by
far I've talked about North Korea
already Oh have we so the latest from
North Korea is that apparently North
Korea has agreed to to work on the
details of letting people come in and
well I have to have to show you this
so North Korea is working on the details
of letting inspectors come in which I
don't know I don't think the critics
ever thought we would get to that point
but I want to show you a picture that I
tweeted right before it was announced
that good things are happening there
and I don't know how well you'll be able
to see this but here's a picture of
Pompeii oh darn it you can only go the
wrong way so apparently I've managed to
get my phone in a mode where it can only
go the wrong way here we go so see look
at the smiles on these two guys I think
you can see it look at the way they're
looking at each other now ask yourself
this is this the way you look at each
other when you haven't made decisions on
the big stuff would would Pompeo have
that expression if he was still
negotiating hard on the important stuff
maybe you know maybe this is when you're
reading body language and smiles and
stuff like that this is this is not hard
science in the sense that we can just
look at them and we're smart so we know
what they're thinking well I'll tell you
when I saw that I said to myself it
looks like the deal is done and I don't
mean the details the details could take
another you know three years to work out
but the main the main thing which is
denuclearization and are we can have
inspectors to watch it happen it looks
to me those two expressions I'll tell
you what I thought when I saw those
expressions I said to myself this is
here are two people who can't wait to
tell you a secret they have a really
good news and they can't wait to tell
you but they're they can't tell you yet
because you have to work through the
system probably there'll be something
announced of major import when Kim comes
to the United States what could be a
better time to announce something than
Kim coming to the United States standing
in the White House in the Oval Office
and and making a deal now I believe I
believe that the the thing that's going
to break the log jam is an agreement to
end the
or is it a war I forget this technical
word for it but the so there's this
standing state of at least in a legal
sense there's a standing state of war in
the Korean Peninsula and North Korea has
asked that we change that I'm not sure
if that's the UN or that's the United
States Congress but either one is doable
and I thought to myself that is exactly
the right thing for Kim to ask for
because he should at least make it a
little bit difficult for a president to
try to attack North Korea and one way to
do that is for the countries involved to
change their own laws to get out of a
state of war because if you're in the
state of war the president has all kinds
of flexibility and if you're not in the
state of war the president's going to
have to work pretty hard to get you into
the state of war so it makes complete
sense that North Korea is asking for a
declaration of an end of hostilities and
a completely reasonable thing to ask at
this point and it's completely
reasonable that we held off on that
until we had some commitment to get the
nuclear to get the nuclear
denuclearization alright how is Kim
going to unbraid wash his people quite a
project he's already started so
apparently the propaganda in the north
has shifted from we need these nukes to
you know be a great country too we used
our nukes to end the war so Kim has the
best he just has a perfect setup for
transitioning this from the worst-case
scenario to the best-case scenario
you've never seen a better setup because
he can say I built these nukes and
that's why that's why the United States
came to the table I became a peer with
China I became a peer with the United
States I became up here with South Korea
and that was necessary in order to get
negotiation on an even playing field so
that we could all be adults and we could
get this done as long as those other
countries were teaching treating us like
children we couldn't get it down
but now that were equals we got a deal
that story is if I were a North Korean
and I heard that story I would say that
actually sounds pretty good
he we built our nukes it got us at the
end of the war I got his prosperity we
don't need the nukes anymore they did
what they needed to do that's a great
story and indeed I've said that Kim
would deserve a at least to share a
Nobel Peace Prize if he if he pulls this
through and I would like to see him get
that actually all right that's all for
now and I'm going to talk to you later