bum-bum-bum-bum-bum hey everybody come
on in it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams that would be me and you already
know who you are
and you know why you're here and I'll
bet you're prepared if you're not
prepared if it's your first time welcome
you just made it to the best place in
the world congratulations on that good
day for you those of you who come here
every day already know it's the best
place in the world best time to be in
the best place in the world doing the
best thing and all you need is a cup of
margaret glass a tanker challenger stein
I can't even jugger flasks a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sip and it
happens now I feel my immunity building
coronavirus I would like to take a page
from Jesse waters who was absolutely
hilarious yesterday on the 5 on Fox News
in which he said and I'm paraphrasing
if the coronavirus is the corona virus
attacks me I will beat it I will beat it
he's right probably will I was looking
at my odds of dying from the corona
virus because it's that kind of a day
and my odds of dying from the corona
virus at my age
so it's age adjusted now 4% not bad but
that's 4% if I get it and it probably
also is people who have you know more
health problems than I have so that's
probably a 50% chance I'll get it so
that cuts them in half down to 2%
probably the people dying are sicker and
older I'm on the early the early end of
the 60
so I'd say my chances are 1% something
like that
yeah 1% of a problem and I've probably
got a greater chance of dying from well
just about everything else so if you
break it down my personal odds are
pretty pretty good all right let's talk
about the big news from last night Super
Tuesday yay
I would like to take this opportunity
with no irony whatsoever I know you're
gonna suspect that I'm saying this for
humorous purposes I'm not it is kind of
interesting in the light and amusing way
but that's not why I'm gonna say it
thank you to the black voters of the
United States for saving the country
from Bernie Sanders and disastrous
social policies and I don't think that's
too much of a overstatement the black
voters of this country the ones who
voted on Super Tuesday I believe did a
really solid service to the United
States because keep in mind that because
of differences in socio-economic
situations a lot of black voters were
voting against transferring money from
other people to themselves because you
have to think that a lot of people who
voted against Bernie we're voting
against a direct transfer of money from
other people to themselves now if that's
not good work I don't know what is
alright so thank you teammates black
citizens who saved the country that's
literally true right is there any
hyperbole and what I just said I don't
think so
I think black voters just saved the
country literally so thank you and I
mean that so let's see what else
happened there
question about whether the results have
so far been rigged by the Democratic
machine and it's kind of an interesting
question because what is the difference
between let's say the important
Democrats al-madinah room and they made
phone calls and they all talk to each
other behind the scenes and decided hey
Amy Klobuchar and people judging in bed
oh if we if we all you know if you all
drop out the ones who haven't dropped
out and endorsed by Dhin you know we'll
we'll get Biden over the finish line and
we'll get to keep power and all that now
that would be rigging it I mean people
would it's all legal I mean anybody can
talk to anybody and make any kind of a
legal deal but it would feel rigged but
what if it didn't go down like that
what if everybody just knew what to do
is that different I mean I do you
process that differently
did anybody need to tell Amy Klobuchar
that this was exactly the best time to
quit and endorsed by didn't because she
wasn't gonna win because you know he was
the closest to what she wanted for the
country I don't think anybody had to
tell her right and and after Budaj edge
made his move it was pretty obvious it
was pretty obvious what the move was so
is it rigged if everybody simply does
what they know is good for their team if
they don't have an actual conversation
and somebody didn't call them and say
you do this or I'll give you this I
think it's kind of all the same
Bloomberg is reportedly considering what
he's going to do this is a more
interesting question than you think
because we'll talk about this in a
moment but Biden's speech did not
suggest he could necessarily make it all
the way to the election or even really
all the way to the the convention there
is something so wobbly about about Biden
that you actually have to ask yourself
mm-hmm
can he make it all the way to the
convention without having either a
health issue or the public turning on
him because he seems wobbly and blue
Berg actually still has a path doesn't
he
if blue Berg limped into the convention
with his you know one delegate or
whatever he's going to have and he was
simply just hanging out as a person who
is in full control of his faculties and
has a conservatively say a moderate
Biden like position what would happen if
we got there Biden had the most votes
except for Bernie but I didn't didn't
look viable anymore because we just
watched him a little too closely since
since today and maybe people say you
know I wasn't seeing it before but I'm
not as comfortable as I was even a few
weeks ago it looks like things are going
going bad quickly so Bluebird he
actually has a play which is just
hanging around and not be crazy and not
be burning and not be Elizabeth Warren I
suppose now that would probably make the
candidates who who backed by Danang gree
but so blue brick has a play my if I had
to guess I would guess he's gonna drop
out maybe today but soon so my
prediction will be Bloomberg drops out
but the reason he hasn't done it already
is he's probably mulling the fact that
there's actually still this tiny little
channel for him to get through it's hard
to imagine though all right the youth
vote did not show up for Bernie
so NBC was reporting that the turnout
among young voters the ones
Bernie attracts the best they they
didn't really turn out
somebody says blueberry just dropped out
oh so while I was talking about it did
that happen while I was talking about it
let me just call up see it in here
take a look should be the top story it's
not there yet so it might be subdued
it's not even online yet alright well
we'll look for that
sorry way birdy has this strategy of
attracting young voters and I remember
from the very first that I realized that
Bernie's strategy was to attract young
voters I said to myself who would have a
strategy of attracting the people least
likely to vote now I suppose if you did
something miraculous you could get them
to vote but it would require changing
their basic nature or changing something
about the way you're doing things that's
so different that you could motivate
them but just being a good candidate and
having policy as the young people like I
think we know it doesn't make them go to
the polls in in large numbers like the
elderly so would you want Bernie to come
in and re-engineer the entire economy if
the one thing you knew about him for
sure is his plan to get elected was to
appeal to the people least likely to
show up and doesn't that tell you
there's something wrong with his system
thinking right there he's not a system
thinker
he's a goal thinker a goal being you
know we'd like everybody to have health
care we'd like everybody to show up to
vote but what's your system to get there
it's the system that's the the broken
part well we got to talk about Biden's
victory speech say yes is a victory
speech because you won most of the
states and took the lead from Bernie and
delegates although the rate the race is
still very much on but he's got the lead
at the moment and he gets up there and
you probably also the clip by now so his
wife and his sister are standing
slightly behind him on either side and
he confuses which one is on which side
and he goes this is my wife and he
starts to hold her all right now this is
my sister and he starts to hold his
wife's hand and then the wife is like oh
no I'm not the sister and
then Biden realizes it and he goes this
is my wife no this is my sister
no they switched on me and then he's
trying to explain why the very first
thing he says is in his victory speech
his old man nonsense
confused old man nonsense is how he
started his victory speech then he used
the word which he's been busted for
before instead of saying
exponentially he says exponentially and
he says it so clearly you know he
doesn't know what the word is yeah it's
because he said it in the past lots of
times he says exponentially he actually
says that word very clearly then he was
talking about Amy Klobuchar who he
called Amy Globe ajar yeah Amy Globe
ajar and and of course he was slurring
words and stopping the middle of
sentences and confused and shouting and
gladdened Glenn Greenwald is hilarious
on this topic I tweet I retweet him a
lot and I don't I'm not a big fan of
Glenn Greenwald's personality at least
you know the public version of it that
we see he's pretty unforgiving and
unpleasant but he's really good at what
he does
can't take that away from him and his
tweet you should follow him on Twitter
because his tweets are spectacular but
even even Glenn Greenwald is saying you
know what are you Democrats seeing and
Biden that makes you think this is okay
I've been I'm paraphrasing he didn't say
it with those words but he's kind of he
put up a poll on Twitter to literally
ask Democrats what the hell are you
seeing here what is your so his
curiosity which I share is what are
Democrats of thinking when they vote for
Biden now of course they're a think he
can win so that's obvious they think his
policies or whatever and that's obvious
but what do they think about his mental
acuity I'm actually curious do Democrats
not see what's going on
and part of the curiosity is do they
look at a Trump and it looks the same I
don't know that's an actual question I'm
not saying I'm not saying that to make a
point I don't know do Democrats look at
Trump and see him as mentally
incompetent even though the experts who
are both left and right facing have
unanimously finally come to the same
conclusion that Trump's style of
communication is super good super good
but are the Democratic voters not seen
with the experts see and they say well
he uses simple sentences and he doesn't
complete his sentences you'll start
something and then he'll turn left and
you'll turn right and the experts have
all agreed at this point it totally
works so there's no there's no confusion
anymore among experts on the left or the
right the president Trump really really
is good at this
this being communicating and persuading
but nobody's saying that about Biden are
there any communication experts who are
saying oh ho you public I know you're
laughing at his gaffes but look at his
technique if you would look at his
technique you would see that he's really
good at this but maybe you don't
understand because you don't you don't
understand that the right technique
nobody's saying that a hundred percent
of people are saying it about Trump
everyone every every good communication
expert left and right says Trump is
great zero people have said that about
Biden what are they thinking about his
mental ability I don't know it's a great
question all right trey gowdy apparently
I didn't hear this live but I think it
was was it Martha McCallum who quoted
him he was on her show I think and said
that trey Gowdy had the greatest line
about watching Joe Biden give a speech
and just listen to have it just feel how
visual this is I always tell you that
good persuasion is visual trey Gowdy on
Joe Biden he says it's like watching a
chain-smoker fill a gas tank
now could that be any better
that is so visual and it tells it's not
only visual but I make this point often
too it's one sentence but it's a movie
you can see the movie it's got a
beginning it's got a middle that's got
abandoned which doesn't end well and as
and it's it's just spectacular now I
don't think I don't believe Trey Gaudi
Trey Gaudi invented that folksy saying I
think that was an existing saying but
boy does that fit because it does feel
exactly like that I I have let me ask
you if you've had this experience yet
prior to a few months ago the only
politicians that I would watch were were
ones who are really interesting
so if Trump was to giving a rally I
would actually watch that for a while
just cuz he he holds my attention he's
just so interesting all the time same
with a oh say I might be disagreeing
with her but boy can she hold the
tension same with Matt gates just to use
another example he could hold your
attention like nobody I mean these are
really good people at holding attention
but I've recently started really
enjoying watching Joe Biden speak I are
you with me but I'm not looking at him
because he holds my attention in the
classical way that the others do he
holds my attention because I'm waiting
for the chain-smoker who's filling his
gas tank to blow up and and and I'm very
aware of it while I'm watching it the
whole time I'm watching her go come on
he starts a sentence every time biden
starts the sentence III have the same
feeling like okay this is a good one
it's a complex sentence let's see where
this is going
oh okay he landed that one here's
another one another complex sentence and
okay he took a left turn and just missed
going all over the cliff here's another
sentence I'm fascinated by Biden now I
can't stop watching him use I watched
that whole speech last night
all right some people are saying that
Bloomberg wasted his half a billion
dollars or whatever it was because his
money he proved that money doesn't make
the difference because Biden won you
know with practically no spending in a
few state states where Bloomberg has
spent a lot but is that really what we
found out I'm not so sure that's what we
learned didn't we learn that money plus
no personality whatsoever doesn't work I
think that's what we learned
was there anybody in the world who was
saying you know if Charles Manson were
still alive and he had enough funding
he could become President of the United
States was that anybody thinking that
because I would say no there was nobody
in the entire planet who was thinking
you know if you had enough money it
doesn't matter who you are nobody was
thinking that no folks the lesson that
we got from Bloomberg is not that money
doesn't help it was the opposite the
lesson we got from Bloomberg is that you
could look like a desiccated turd with
no charisma whatsoever no game plan and
no policies that the people can even
remember and you can still get 18
percent of the vote without even running
in most of the primaries Bloomberg
proved money works unambiguously so
everybody you see who's saying that
Bloomberg proved money doesn't work is
an idiot thank you you usually I don't
like to say somebody's an idiot if they
disagree with me but sometimes there's
not really room for opinion you know
sometimes you it really is subjective
this is something subjective this isn't
subjective because there's nobody who's
disagrees with me on my characterization
of Bloomberg as low charisma with
nothing exciting to say I believe even
the people who voted for him
say that I mean that's not too
subjective that's kind of describing him
and it's also true you got 18 we have
whatever some some percentage in the
teens votes would no skill at all no
skill maybe got that no political skill
at least a presidential type he doesn't
bloom Berg does have considerable
management skill which is more
appropriate to a Maori old job I I think
Bluebird is probably a perfect
personality to be mayor of New York City
so that it's no no accident that worked
out all right
Bloomberg also said yesterday that he's
not upset with many Trump policies it's
just his style now I didn't want to crow
about it but thankfully a number of
people have been following me for a
while
corroded on my behalf because long ago I
predicted and I'm gonna say that I got
the prediction wrong because there was a
time a time window on it and the time
window was completely wrong and I said
that by the first year the end of the
first year of the Trump administration I
said that the dominant opinion would be
that he was effective but we don't like
him
Bloomberg just said now three and a half
years in Bloomberg said I'm not upset
with many Trump policies I don't like
your style that doesn't sound too far
off from he's effective but we don't
like him does it it's not exactly the
same but it's pretty close a lot of
people noticed that and he didn't get a
lot of pushback which is the other
interesting thing so blue bloomberg got
pushed back for not being different from
Trump he got pushed back for you know
not maybe not being as critical as Trump
or not being as as novel as you should
be if you're gonna run against him so
you got pushback for that but I don't
think he got pushed back for the fact
that he didn't disagree with Trump's
policies I think about that the a major
candidate a major Democratic candidate
just came out and said he didn't have a
problem with his opponents policies and
the Democrats
yeah Bloomberg's amped it happened while
I was on here I guess but and nobody
pushed back up the fact that Bloomberg
said Trump's policies are okay nobody
pushed back what's that tell you
apparently Tulsi Gabbard qualifies for
the next debate because she got one
delegate from American Samoa which is
where I guess Bloomberg got his delegate
and I guess she was born there I didn't
know she was born in America Samoa but I
wonder if she'll be in the debate
because you probably have been wondering
why is Tulsi still in the still in the
campaign at all
you know you're probably wondering and I
think that's a good question she doesn't
seem to be playing for Vice President
does she it doesn't look like it I don't
know who would who would be the best fit
with her as a vice president but I don't
really see that as the motivation
doesn't seem like it so I'm not sure
exactly what her motivation is so it's
hard to predict whether she'll stay and
we get out when you don't know why she's
there in the first place at this point
if I had to guess it's because she
thinks her message is important which
would be a good reason and wants to take
the opportunity to keep that message out
there that'd be good all right let's
talk about coronavirus because I know
you want to I know you want to and I'm
going to give you my predictions for
things but we're also going to be
amateur investigators all right so
before I start this next segment talking
about coronavirus let me say what you're
all going to be thinking Scott Scott
Scott Scott let me do this entails voice
so this is just so you don't this is
just a save you time in your comments
later because you're
gonna make the same comment and it's
gonna go like this well you're not all
gonna make this comment but many of you
would it goes like this
Scott Scott Scott leave it to the
experts to talk about expert things
you're just making things worse
you're a cartoonist stick to cartooning
cartoon boy don't don't confuse things
we're the experts seen with that with
that said let us talk about the
coronavirus with our complete lack of
expertise but let's talk about what we
know I'll try to call out the things
that I think are true but I don't know
you can keep me honest with your
fact-checking in real time let's talk
about the face masks as you know the CDC
has not recommended their citizens use
medical face masks to protect themselves
that was misinterpreted as face masks
don't work that misinterpretation was
accentuated by medical professionals
coming in and saying no the reason that
may face masks are worn by doctors is to
protect the patient from the doctors own
you know germs now so that's what the
all the officials and professionals have
been telling us and a lot of people
adopted that view and on online people
are reminding me of that so but I have
some questions I have some questions it
goes like this
a lot of smart people are telling me
that the reason the doctors where the
mass is to protect the patient so how is
that work is this one of those masks
that only works in one direction is that
the sort of mask that will stop a virus
or whatever bad bacteria or germs or
whatever else we're talking about from
getting out of the Basques
but it would not stop anything from
coming in the other direction is it a
magic mask
that only works in one direction now it
turns out that the actual high-end
medical masks actually are they actually
do work differently in and out so
they've got a little filter on them and
they're there they're closely fitted by
professionals and stuff and those are
allegedly 95 percent good at stopping a
virus from getting in and so should you
get a face mask if the professional
masks the ones you probably can't buy
anyway that the medical professionals
use and they fit carefully that protects
them 95 percent from viruses should you
get one
well suppose you couldn't fit it as well
as the professionals would that be a
reason not to get one no no we're
talking about err if you can reduce the
amount of air that's coming in from the
outside and and it's the air that's got
the virus of course it would help even
if it's not perfectly fitted
of course if 10 or 20 percent of the air
is sort of coming around
are you still more protected by having
you know if if 95 percent protection is
is good enough I think I would still
settle for 75 what if it's just 50%
because I didn't put it on right don't I
want 50% so I think what's happening
here is a case of loser thing in which
people are conflating different things
and they've they've taken the suggestion
that they don't work all the time or
they're not a hundred percent effective
that's turned into don't get one and
those are not the same thing not a
hundred percent effective does not say
don't get one because you know what else
is not 100% effective washing your hands
but we don't tell people oh don't don't
bother washing your hands
that's not even a hundred percent
effective at best twenty five percent
but we don't do that we say it's 25
percent go ahead and do it what about
people coughing into their their elbow
we tell people to cover their coughs
but why because people are still gonna
get it so shouldn't we tell people that
don't bother cover your cough people are
still gonna get it no but we don't we
say well it might help a little my help
ten percent go ahead and cover it so
everybody who's arguing about these face
masks don't get one if you're an
individual because it doesn't work it is
not smart let me tell you what I think
is true based on everything we know I do
think that the the non professional
medical masks are way less effective I
think we all agree on that I think that
if the virus is airborne
and you can you know trap a little bit
more of it close to your face because
it's you know at least the air itself is
not going out past in your face mask and
you have it certainly makes sense that
if you have a coffee you should wear a
face mask whatever kind you can get
because at the very least it's going to
stop the most of the air from you know
expressing itself in the furthest
possible way and the other thing is so I
did a little googling and found out that
there have never been tests to find out
if non-medical people there have been
tests about medical people so we know
masks work in the medical environment
but that's never been tested to see if a
citizen wearing the face mask give avoid
a virus never been tested now what would
you think is the common-sense likelihood
that having some kind of a barrier
that's not a hundred percent over your
mouth would make some difference one
percent ten percent fifty percent we
don't know why we don't know how much
difference but I would say that it is
absolutely it's just dumb to imagine it
doesn't work at all
or that it isn't worth a shot given
given the size of the risk now some have
suggested that what the CDC and the
government are really telling you is not
exactly what they're saying in other
words what they really mean is that if
the citizens start hoarding face masks
the professionals won't have them and
the country as a whole is definitely
better off if our medical professionals
are healthy it is way better for a
common citizen to get the virus than for
a doctor to get it because the doctor is
helping multiple people obviously so so
certainly it does make sense not to
hoard the good ones that the doctors
would use I agree with that makes sense
it's the better for the whole but that
doesn't mean it wouldn't be protective
for one individual who happened to have
a mask so don't lie to us don't lie to
me and tell me that a citizen with that
mask even if they don't know the right
way to fit it on their face don't tell
me that's not going to make a difference
because you don't know and all logic and
sense tells you what makes some
difference but I also think that it
might be wise for the government not to
say that the masks do work because it
could cause a panic and there aren't
enough masks
I would not don't be surprised if
sometime in the near future we find out
that let's say production of the good
kind of masks ramps up you could get to
the point where we have enough of them
for everybody do you think that the
government of the United States would
tell us not citizens not to wear the
good and 95 masks that the medical
professionals where do you think that
the government would say don't try those
if we had enough you know the answer to
that you know the answer if we had
enough for everyone
it wouldn't matter that we're not really
good at fitting them to our faces the
government would say it's better than
nothing you know that right so when you
hear them say the masks don't work or
that they're now
amended to put that in context you don't
want to take them away from the medical
professionals that's that's real and
that's probably really important and you
don't want to start a panic
of people killing you for your face mask
because you have one and I don't all
right you don't want that so I think the
government is lying to you and I'm not
sure I appreciated it in this case you
mean I could see the utility of it I can
see the utility of the lie and I do
think that sometimes you need to lie to
the public I I don't reject lying to the
public if you have a legitimate greater
good purpose for it I just don't know if
this is it it's a it's an edge case all
right
I've noticed something that could be
just a coincidence but it might be a
correlation and I want to run it by you
now here's the part where Dale warned
you that I'm not an expert and anything
I say from now on or anything I've ever
said really should be subject to expert
fact-checking in correction but this is
kind of interesting and kind of fun and
watch this so here's a correlation what
do these places have in common
Iran China Italy South Korea and a
cruise ship all right if you watch me on
Twitter you know the answer this so I'll
say it again what do these have in
common
Iran China Italy South Korea and the
cruise ship now of course you
immediately know that's where the worst
outbreaks of the corona virus are but
what are the other coincidences are
there any well it turns out there's one
very big one you've got an airborne lung
related respiratory virus and the places
where it's worse are the places where
air pollution is the worst did you know
and I just tweeted around a source for
this that the air pollution on the deck
even if you're outdoors on the deck of a
cruise ship I just read an article from
the USA Today that the air quality on
the deck of a cruise ship in the ocean
is worse than the air quality in
and believe it or not this story was a
few years old and the story actually
compared it to Iran coincidentally that
was the exact comparison they made so
there's something about whatever is
bubbling around you know in the bowels
of the ship that is causing the air
quality on a cruise ship to be worse
than Turan so all of these places and by
the way if you didn't know who Italy and
I didn't know this Italy is the most
polluted air in Europe did you draw that
about you didn't know that South Korea
has terrible air quality did you know
that some of you did I didn't know that
I didn't know it until yesterday I
looked this stuff up so Iran China Italy
South Korea and cruise ships have the
worst air quality in the worst problems
with the coronavirus is that a
coincidence
well there are other correlations that
might be the coincidence
for example as other people mentioned it
could be that many of these countries
have different standards for social
behavior maybe there's more hugging and
kissing when you greet people maybe
they're just more touching or sharing
could be I mean that could be the
correlation as people are saying in the
comments there's a high level of smoking
in all of these countries and that
should mean something right that's a
high correlation it has something to do
with the lung so it would make sense
that that would have a correlation
here's another correlation they're all
dense dense places so maybe it has
nothing to do with the air they're just
very populated places and we'll see
other populated places having exactly
the same reaction that's possible we'll
have to wait and see and another another
correlation is that those are the only
places that are being tested so it could
be that we only think those are the
worst places because once discovered
there was a lot of testing there it
could be you know just hypothetically it
could be that there's some clean air
place and Aspen where there's a ton of
it and we just haven't tested it yet
could be so here you're the reasons
potential reasons and we'll just
speculate now so there's no scientific
backing well a little bit but not enough
so one of the reasons that air pollution
might be hurting people is the obvious
it degrades people's lungs so if your
lungs are already degraded and you get a
virus that hurts your lungs could that
more likely hurt you the answer is yes
of course
if you add the air pollution to the fact
that there are heavy smokers
well now it's twice as bad you got air
pollution and you're smoking so of
course you get a virus into your lungs
that's going to be bad but there's some
other more interesting things
apparently vitamin D is I think this is
not 100% confirmed but there's a lot of
science that would suggest
vitamin D is protective in vitamin D you
get from Sun and something you don't get
when you're in a polluted places enough
Sun so it could it be that high levels
of pollution are making it more
difficult for people to get their
vitamin D and you have entire
populations that are more susceptible
because of the pollution than the
vitamin D connection maybe there's also
a little bit of science but not enough
to suggest that one of the ways that
viruses travel is unde us
now does pollution operate the way dust
does can a virus hitch a ride on some
pollution and then travel further did
you notice that the Chinese got things
under control they say I don't know do
you believe it it's hard to it's hard to
know but China says that they're at
least reducing the number of new cases
if you believe it recently but what else
happened recently they said all the
traffic stopped because everything's
shut down in China enough so that the
pollution went away so you've seen the
aerial photos the pollution cleared up
so at the same time the pollution
cleared up the virus stopped spreading
at the same rate
coincidence it could be remember
everything we're talking about is
probably a coincidence
so we're peering into lots of
coincidences to see if there's anything
that should be looked at a little bit
further certainly we're not going to
know anything but we could know what to
look at there is also some indication
that pollution directly lowers your
immune response whether that's from
vitamin D or something else so you've
got several mechanisms by which
pollution could be a big factor which is
really important to you it's important
to you because I'm going to make a
prediction and here's my prediction that
if you're in some place that is not that
dense or has cleaner air and you're not
a smoker you're gonna be a lot better
shape I think your odds of getting it if
you live in a clean air environment or
probably gonna be a lot better now that
this is speculation but it's my
prediction as well
it's my prediction that this is not an
accidental correlation that the that the
air pollution probably has some impact
now as some some people said hey what
about Seattle well I think most of the
people in Seattle are from the cruise
ship right so the cruise ship is bad air
quality and also I imagine there are
more elderly people now I saw a video by
somebody who is not credible so I won't
say that this is true but we are not yet
seeing full reporting on the the genetic
and or ethnic background of the people
who are suffering the most as far as I
know no african-american has died from
the corona virus as far as I know
there's at least one person who believes
that 98% of the deaths are ethnic
Chinese is that true even the ones in
other countries appear to be ethnic
Chinese who are having a bigger problem
with it is that true I would say that is
a
unknown at this point it could be that
it just seemed that way because where
the source was in Wuhan and people who
are coming back and forth from there
we're more likely to be ethnic Chinese
so it could be a false correlation but
here's my prediction you will not see a
major outbreak unless there's some kind
of a special case such as a nursing home
or you know some kind of weird cluster
of people who are susceptible so not
counting special cases I don't think
you're going to see a major outbreak
where there's low pollution and where
the density is you know less crowded I
think those two factors may have
something to do with it all right and if
it's true that China is getting a hold
on this and in the number of new cases
is reducing if that's true I mean that
is really good news because that must be
the hardest situation and if they can do
it it means we're probably in pretty
good shape
here's more of my prediction I believe
that the world economy will figure a way
out so if you've looked at the range of
predictions about the corona virus it
goes from hey people it's just a bad
chest cold
grandma was gonna die anyway you won't
even notice so that that's not the the
lowest end of worry at the highest end
of worry the economy suffers and
civilization falls apart I don't think
that's going to happen and here's why at
most in the United States I would expect
that no more
then listen this is just an average but
just a prediction and I wish I could
back this up but this just feels right
so feel free to disagree I don't think
we'll see a point where any given
company will have more than 20% of their
employees think at the same time can
business go on if 20% of their employees
are animal sick and the answer is yeah
easily because
business can go on with 20% of the
people that was sick because we do it
every summer every summer 20% of the
people are on vacation and business just
goes on so it's actually fairly easy to
run a business of 20% of the people are
homesick so I think you're going to see
a situation where people are gonna
realize that it is more important to
prevent a depression and it's more
important to have an income and to eat
and pay taxes than it is to protect
every single young person the emphasis
on a young person from all exposure so I
think people are just going to go back
to work at some point take their chances
I think we'll probably find better ways
to protect our elderly I think we'll
probably put more resources and to
protecting them but if you're 35 I think
in a few weeks you're just going to go
back to work and take your chances and
you know get a little chest cold for a
week probably that's your worst case so
I'm also going to suggest that there
might be some kind of genetic marker it
might not have anything to do with your
ethnicity it could be independent of
ethnicity but it could be that not
everybody is equally a risk I think
we're going to know that pretty soon
because we're certainly testing enough
people we could get their DNA it won't
be long before we know who is the most
susceptible and then you can you can
plan accordingly you can say okay if
you're most susceptible you do this
stuff the rest of us will keep the
economy running because we're less
susceptible I think we're gonna work
that out I think we're going to see an
end of large outdoor events but i but I
predicted that a long time ago based on
drones
I thought terrorism would become so good
in terms of effective that outdoor
events with large gatherings would
probably become a thing of the past and
I think we're getting closer to that
this is just one more one more step I do
think the travel and entertainment
industry is just
get devastated of course so but that
will be the worst of it I don't think
the virus is going to travel on packages
and that means that most companies can
you know make things and and mail them
to you and you're not going to worry
about accepting them so you know I guess
the virus could live for I don't know up
to a day on a package but if it's better
than the mail for a while you're pretty
pretty safe and I think we'll have a
vaccine in a year or so so here's my
prediction we're gonna get through this
there will be casualties
the odds of those casualty casualties
being you personally really really small
if in terms of death the odds of it
affecting you financially 100 percent
100 percent it's gonna it will affect
you financially but it's affecting us
all financially we're all in it together
and I would like to make this offer
if civilization breaks down don't think
you will but look for me and I will be
your I will be your benevolent dictator
just to get us through the emergency and
then we'll set up a we'll set up a
constitution after that totally serious
offer by the way totally a serious offer
almost no chance you're ever going to
need to take me up on it but if the
government fails if civilization
crumbles you've watched me long enough
to know that I'm just going to be
helpful and I'm not going to become a
dictator dictators a bad job somebody
always kills you but if you need a
benevolent dictator just to get you
through the through a civilization
crumbling event which I don't think
we're gonna have look for me and I'll
take you through it you could find me
alright that's all for now
and I will talk to you later