bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
do you like my exciting new introduction
you get to watch the lights come on then
the shades go down except one of my
shades isn't working
Hey get down there there we go there we
go
it's exciting is that sort of like a
little build-up I know
but back to me that's enough of that how
the heck have you been
I missed you spent 11 hours and somebody
says does Christina still cut your hair
well she's in she's in social isolation
in a different house so I was going to
cut my hair on on live stream today but
I didn't feel like cleaning up the hair
in my office so I'm not going to do that
I'm not taking Twitter questions but if
I see something go by all I'll take it
questioned so here's what's happened
since what last we spoke
I saw britt hume tweeting a quote by
anthony Falchi doctor foul she in which
fat she was saying that he's never had
much trust in models and prey hume a
paraphrasing but basically britt hume
said why are you telling us now because
you seemed you seemed pretty confident
you know not too long ago seemed pretty
confident back then but now you don't
trust models and here's what I find
funny about that the reason for how she
says he doesn't trust the models is that
they're only as good as the assumptions
they've put in them is that wrong is
xiaochi wrong that the models are only
as good as the assumptions no of course
that of course now we all know that and
is that the most ordinary expected thing
you could ever say about models that it
depends on the assumptions you put in
it's just the most obvious thing so I
said in a different tweet today that I
would I would lose respect for any
expert who believed models work any
expert doesn't matter what the field is
if they say these long range multi
variable models work and actually can
give you a photograph of the future I
would not trust those experts you know
what I mean
but what was funniest about this is Brit
Hume is probably you know one of the
most you know experienced news people
you know he's seen everything from every
angle you know one of the sharpest you
know observers of political life
especially and apparently Bray Hume
thought these models were actually
telling you something to which I think
really having you get this far and not
know that long-range prediction models
are not are not telling you even
slightly more than you could just guess
because if they could anybody who could
who had that kind of superpower to
predict the future even with a little
bit of edge over over chance would be a
trillionaire if anybody can do it
somebody would do it to get rich there'd
be a million ways you can exploit that
to get rich so no dr. Falchi his my
opinion of dr. vouch he just went up a
level when he said he doesn't believe
the models the the viola G models so
that is the correct answer
dr. fetcher I see that the ex FDA had
dr. Gotlieb is saying that we should go
back to work but ideally we should have
widespread screening now I would like to
nominate for the most useless thing that
anybody can say about the corona virus
is we should have widespread testing why
don't we have more testing hey I've got
an idea why don't we do testing you know
it South Korea did some testing why
don't we do some testing hey I've got an
idea has anybody thought of this we
could do some testing have you have you
realized am I the first one to think of
this that if we could test people and we
could test a lot of people that would
really help we'd know that who didn't
Wow
I'm so sick of people going on
television or in the new
to tell us that it would really be good
if we could test if we had the tests if
we could I'm pretty sure that would have
been right at the top of the list that
our experts would have wanted to do
please stop saying we should do more
testing there's nobody who disagrees
with that we just can't do it so you
know it would also be good to stop this
pandemic magic why don't we use magic
people people are you not thinking it
through just use magic Oh magic isn't
real well then we'll just test we'll
just do massive oh we don't have massive
tests they don't exist and we can't make
them that fast oh all right well the
good news is that there are a number of
exciting developments in the world of
testing now by the way I one of my best
predictions I believe based on some
information I had that most people
didn't have is that the world of quickly
testing stuff had moved way way into the
future but hadn't quite been productized
yet in other words there were a lot of
startups who already had licensed
technology from government labs that
would allow you to very quickly check
things you know inexpensively and
accurately in the field so I'd see the
number of startups try to exploit that
technology so I predicted early on that
you would suddenly see leaping into
existence this technology because now it
was an emergency so you know funding
could be had and things would get ramped
up quickly and just like I imagined I
think you get it well I'm pretty sure
you're gonna see some new stuff let's
just say I get to see things before you
do and there's some exciting stuff
coming in that realm here's an
interesting positive thought the
president said something along these
lines but
want to extend the thought so the
president was making his economic
prediction that he said you know the
site the second quarters you know going
to be bad the third quarter maybe you
could start to think about things
getting better but the president thought
that there was lots of pent-up demand
and that the fourth quarter could be
record-setting I really really like the
way he puts that because he's very he's
being very I'd say conservative about
what would happen this corner next
obviously they're not going to be great
but then he gives us a pretty legitimate
most optimistic case that the end of
this year things would start picking up
and maybe even set records because of
pent-up demand yeah that could happen I
mean it's just as likely that they'll be
soft demand because people got crushed
economically but you could see the
people who didn't get crushed just
stepping it up and having a little extra
spending I can see that here's the part
I want to add and I think that the
president referred to this by you're
taking the level deeper which is we've
never had a time in our history where so
many of us took a time out and just
stopped working and sort of had time to
think about things now you think to
yourself well that's not a big deal I
mean we we often we often take vacations
and we take the weekend off it's not
that big a deal that we have time to
think about things but here's what's
different because of the restrictions
placed on all of our lives and the
economic impact etc almost everybody had
to rethink from the ground up everything
they do you had to rethink how you eat
how do you give food you had to rethink
your social life you have to rethink
travel you have to rethink cleaning you
had to rethink shipping you had to
rethink your job and every part of your
job you had to think education family
structure who's babysitting all of it
all of it had to be rethought now here's
my positive
spit of this I think that that process
makes people realize there's just a ton
of stuff that needs to be better from
you know how many people realize that
they could get more work done by not
commuting yeah just to pick one simple
example and I've got a feeling that
people saw different ways to do things
they saw red tape at being cut they saw
people doing things faster than they
thought they saw innovation they saw
people stepping up and and everybody had
to rethink from scratch how can I do
this job I had been doing you know
what's the smarter way to do this now
that meets all these different
requirements and I think what's gonna
happen and maybe we'll never be alone
measurement but I think that there's
going to be a systems innovation surge
and when I say systems I mean the system
of how do you travel to work the system
of hada you go to school the system of
you know the workplace how do you
organize it and everything like that so
I think people are going to
fundamentally rethink all of our systems
and as you know I'm the biggest
proponent of making sure you've got good
systems and it could be really gigantic
in terms of its long-term impact simply
the fact that our creativity was was
challenged and this concentrated away so
it'll take a while for that those
benefits to work their way through the
system but I think it could be really
big I was trying to think of all the
things that will be different after we
get back to work certainly the work at
home thing I I think the argument for
self-driving cars it just got way
stronger as I often say persuasion is
not just about how good your argument is
it's also about getting people's
attention so the things that people
think about the most
they irrationally think are the
important things because they're
thinking about it so if you make
somebody think about something a lot it
will become important to them when it
wasn't
before so here's my point of that
because a lot of attention will be put
on the natural death rate of driving
only because we have this weird
experiment when people stop driving for
a while so you can actually really see
in concrete terms how many people did
not die because we weren't all in
traffic and I think what that's going to
do is it's going to push people toward
thinking wait a minute
we saved I'm gonna pick a number I don't
know what the real number is people are
gonna save are you telling me we saved
twenty five thousand lives by not
driving and then we can bank that
savings and always save twenty five
thousand lives or for the full year
maybe it's fifty thousand could we sell
could we save fifty thousand lives a
year just by having self-driving cars
that would almost never crash I mean if
he did it right they would never crash
so I think the self-driving cars just
went from you know something you'd like
someday to my god why don't we hurry up
on this cuz you could save fifty
thousand lives a year that's as much as
that's as much as we close down the
entire economy for I think contact
tracing is going to be thing did you see
the story then I guess Apple and Google
have decided to release I don't know
some standards technical standards or an
API or something but the idea is that
they're making it possible to build apps
where you can tell if you've been near
somebody so let's say you've you were
diagnosed with having coronavirus you
could with a few pushes of whatever
buttons on your app and maybe you don't
have to allow it I don't know if you
have to give permission where the
government is just going to do it at
some point you have to give permission
so maybe you give permission you know
from the hello SATs before you've been
diagnosed so that your Bluetooth is
telling you who you're bumping into all
day who also has a bluetooth on so the
idea is that you could look at the
digital trail and you send people a text
and say hey you stood within four
to this person who has coronavirus go
get a checked or something like that
that could be huge you know if you were
gonna make a short list of all the
things they could get you back to work
well one of them would be widespread
testing which we can't do yet but you
know maybe in a few weeks the other
would be magic of course which doesn't
exist so that would be great
and then we have this new thing which is
these apps that will do the Bluetooth
contact things which doesn't exist but
what imagines that in a month or so
maybe we could have something like that
working but all of those and maybe the
hydroxyl chloroquine makes a difference
maybe genetic testing will tell us
something so we probably have four
different ways that we could attack the
virus so I think we'll get there I think
education online will change completely
I think the biggest thing that will
change online education is the first
time somebody doesn't right in my
opinion has never been done right no
it's now like I've seen every online
course but nothing I've seen and what I
mean and what I mean by doing it right
is something it takes like a Hollywood
movie kind of a model and they get they
hire somebody who's just good on camera
you know looks good talks well somebody
to write the script somebody to do the
graphics somebody to direct it you know
so you've got like a real movie
production but it's just a college
course or a class and once it's done
right and especially you would also do a
lot of a B testing so you might test it
out with small crowds before you
finalized it you know to make sure that
you're saying things clearly etc so to
basically produce a class the way
manufacturers produce any other product
which is it goes through testing and
research and polling you know you've got
a team of experts coming together it's a
long term project right now we just
point a camera at somebody who knows how
to teach and they just teach but the
soon as somebody does it right the first
time
it's gonna turn into a real business and
it might be I would argue all right here
here's another prediction I will argue
that the biggest business of the future
will be online training yeah how do you
like that prediction I'll say it again
just so there's no there's no there's no
confusion my prediction is that the
biggest industry and the future the one
with the most dollar amount will be
online education because the courses are
going to be you know colleges will
eventually have to disappear because
they don't really make sense you know
for the price for what you're getting
they just don't make any sense so I
think regular colleges will you know
start to fade away online education will
grow and just keep getting better and I
think that when people are producing
imagine what you would pay just think
about this imagine what you would pay to
have a course that you needed let's say
you needed it for your job or was part
of a degree program but you could take
the course that was as fun as watching
the best movie you've watched like it's
just really entertaining but you're also
learning it at the same time how much
extra would you pay for that versus the
boring one that makes you want to you
know take your brain out with a spoon
well you would pay a lot for that you
know not everybody but there would be
enough people with money who would pay a
lot for that training that's a little
bit better and I think eventually the
transmission of information and training
will be the biggest market in the world
that's what I think dr. Carlson asked a
question that has had me scratching my
head since I heard it and I guess I did
a fact check on this because there's an
assumption in this or a fact that I'm
not sure about but what doctor said was
that outside of Wuhan there hasn't been
a major break out in China there hasn't
been another city
China that got real problems like New
York or or would and Tucker says what's
up with that because we also learned
that maybe the virus is even way more
viral than we thought so how could it be
way more viral than we thought
millions of people have left Wuhan since
since the worst part of the pandemic
they're traveling all around is super
viral and we don't have other major
outbreaks in China how would you even
speculate that that's possible well
let's let's do that let's speculate
number one is that China is lying okay
that's the obvious one right the most
obvious one is they're lying but if what
happened in Wuhan was happening anywhere
else how would we not notice is it
possible that something as big as Wuhan
or are a half of Wuhan you know would
still be gigantic right it would still
be a really big deal how would we not
notice that even even with their control
of the media and everything else we
would know right so so one possibility
is it is happening and China is like you
know millions of people are dying we
just don't know I guess it's possible
right I guess that's one possibility
here's another possibility they have a
vaccine right what's the possibility
that they have a vaccine well here again
you have the same problem as the first
example if they had a vaccine it means
they would have vaccinated what hundreds
of millions of people do you think
there's any chance we wouldn't know if
hundreds of millions of people were
forcefully vaccinated in a period of a
few weeks yeah we'd know that right
again we don't have great visibility
about everything happening
China but something of that size we know
right so I'm gonna rule out vaccination
and I'm gonna rule out that it is
actually big outbreaks everywhere
because we would notice those two things
here's another one
suppose I see it in the comments you're
a little bit ahead of me
suppose hydroxychloroquine and as if the
Mason and zinc
work really really well and by work
really well I mean well enough that it
doesn't overwhelm your hospitals even if
you've got an outbreak would you know
would you be aware of it if a lot of
regular Chinese people we're having
something that was like a mild cold but
they were taking their their meds and it
didn't hospitalized them and they got
better in a week would with the rest of
the world know that that was happening
on a massive scale well here again we
might know because that's a lot of
hydroxychloroquine if they're handing it
out like candy over there - they're a
billion or whatever plus people wouldn't
we know that I think we know but of the
three choices it's the one we would
least likely know would you agree with
that that if they had a vaccine they had
forced hundreds of billions of people to
take in a few weeks we know that if if
millions of people were dying we know
that but if they were giving out massive
amounts of hydroxychloroquine anytime
somebody showed the first signs of
symptoms would we know that because
let's say they only gave us the people
who showed symptoms what do we know
maybe not so if I had to guess I would
say that would be the one that's
slightly more likely or it could be some
other some other of a therapeutic I'm
hearing a lot of people worrying that
the the crackdown and the shelter in
place orders and all that are the
beginning of softening us up for the
ultimate dictator move we're all of our
rights and freedoms are taken away from
us
I'm finding no sympathy for that opinion
because first of all I don't think it's
happening I just think we're doing what
we need to for the emergency and when
it's over we'll get rid of the things so
there's some sense that any kind of
surveillance or tracking or lack of
privacy would just automatically become
permanent
even after we solved the problem for
which they had been implemented I don't
think so I don't know of all the things
I'm gonna worry about this year it
doesn't make my top hundred now maybe
maybe I'm missing something but to me it
looks like the United States is really
good at tweaking things when they need
to then on tweaking it when they're done
no I I think that I think that you would
have to have a different mindset in your
public for that to be a big risk I said
this before but I'll say it again which
is the the great asset that Americans
have is the American idea you know the
idea of what is right and fair the
brainwashing that we all got as kids you
know to be patriotic and I say
brainwashing but not in a negative way
because to have a coherent society you
can't they have to braid brainwash
people to be on the same page culturally
religiously in some cases but at least
in terms of the constitution of the law
so you need some brainwashing United
States does it really well it's created
a society a very independent you know we
we could will resist at the drop of a
hat so there's something about the
American mind that I think really makes
the whole dictatorship thing seem
ridiculous but you would have to see our
minds change a whole lot before you
would see me getting worried but as long
as our minds are good then what we're
doing with the details is not the
beginning of the dictator state it's
just what we need to do to solve a
problem right now that's what I say I
asked this question
about whether the deaths are being
correctly characterized and added to the
right categories for the coronavirus
deaths especially and I got two
feedbacks from ER doctors all right so I
asked is there an ER doctor who can
confirm the following belief so this is
my belief my belief without being an ER
doctor is that they probably are quite
good at accurately identifying the real
cause of death the I'll give you my
simple examples which is if somebody had
diabetes for fifteen years and they come
in and they die within a day of
respiratory problems and you know the
classic red eyes of the coronavirus
patient and you know as every sign of of
coronavirus that it probably wasn't the
diabetes that they've had for fifteen
years like it could be but it'd just be
this weird coincidence that that was the
day you died so that's my simplified
story but as one ER doctor explained to
me that the doctors do actually look at
the patient's history what's happened
recently you know that the entire
constellation of factors and then they
decided what the cause of death is
there's a whole process for doing it and
at least for this one ER doctor it was
his opinion that there that there are
categories that they're categorizing
there's probably 95% correct all right
so that's that's one opinion that's
somebody who assigned a lot of death
certificates so this is this is coming
from somebody who has personally signed
hundreds of death certificates from the
ER and he says in his opinion that
they're probably 95 percent correct
because you know they're pretty
responsible and there's a logic to it
and yeah there's there are ways you can
tell most of the time I got a second
opinion
so the second ER doctor had a different
take on it and it went like this
he too was not disagreeing with the
basic
premise that a doctor can know the
accurate cause of death let's say 95
percent of the time so both doctors seem
to be on that same page that the doctor
knows and that it's not a problem of the
doctor not knowing
okay so just keeled that put a pin in it
two doctors who actually do this work
are sure that they do a pretty good job
and I think that they would tell me the
truth if they knew they were guessing I
think they'd say well we you know
honestly it's hard to tell we just take
our best shot we think we're right most
of the time I think they would have said
that right because why wouldn't they
it's not like they wouldn't have to hide
that you know it's people doing the best
they can with the information they have
it wouldn't be any kind of a you know a
bad mark on the record or anything but
instead both of them seem to believe
that the doctor can actually identify
the cause of death and that the all the
evidence is going to be pretty clear
ninety-five percent of time but the
second ye'are doctor added this little
bit of flavor to the discussion and sad
yes but there might be tremendous
economic incentive to cheat to which I
said just paraphrasing a longer
conversation to which I said I don't
believe that a doctor would cheat for
the benefit of the hospital because the
doctor has all the incentive in the
world to just do the job right right I
don't think there are a lot of doctors
who are going into the doctor business
to like you know get something over on
the world I think most doctors just you
know want to do a good job and I don't
see and so I said to myself I can't
really see a doctor intentionally
mischaracterizing the cause of death
when the doctors pay won't would change
anyway and but maybe the hospital will
make more money this high and so I
couldn't square that and so here was the
counter-argument which I give some
weight to it goes like this the hospital
a relationship with the doctors in which
the doctors need to make the hospital
happy and the hospital has to make the
doctors happy and if there are them
become unhappy then they don't have a
relationship and that's not good and so
the thought was that if the if the
hospital definitely wants more
coronavirus outcomes in terms of death
certificates then even though the doctor
is not inclined to lie and even though
the doctor doesn't have a direct benefit
it's really the hospital last benefit
would the doctor be a team player and
maybe be a little bit flexible on the
ones that are sort of on the fence to
which they say good point yeah that's a
good point I would imagine that's
exactly what to expect with human beings
has nothing to do with hospitals and
doctors but with human beings you could
expect if somebody has a relationship
and money's involved that if somebody
wants something are they gonna be sort
of suddenly if not directly pressure to
give that thing that your your partner
wants but here's my summary of this I
don't believe doctors in any kind of
major way would lie about the cause of
death nor do I think that there are many
cases that are on the fence that gets
down to that five percent that probably
could go either way and so maybe there's
some mistakes so I wouldn't be surprised
if there's a five percent bias because
the doctors want the hospital to you
know feel good about the doctor and
everybody's playing along and the
hospital makes money so the doctor cell
is a place to work and stuff like that
but you know we don't have a way to
measure it
I'll just so it's just my experience of
life and my understanding of humans is
that probably the deaths are being coded
ninety to ninety percent correctly which
is good enough to think there's not as
some giant problem here that's my
could be wrong let's see I love giving
you reminders of things I said years ago
so you can see whether or not they came
to fruition and one of the one of my
favorite predictions and it was my
favorite because I knew that not a
single person believed that this would
happen nor did anybody take it seriously
and here it is I said in 2015 that Trump
would not just change what we thought of
politics but they would alter our
understanding of reality itself and I
said it a number of times publicly and
almost nobody ever engaged beyond that
by saying well what do you mean like
what exactly does that mean and if they
add I don't know if I could have
explained it but let me give you some
examples so we saw for example that
facts don't matter I mean that was a
gigantic mental shift right
you went from a world in 2014 ish in
which you thought facts actually matter
and that people use them to make
decisions but I told you they don't and
that that's not the way people are
people don't use facts to make decisions
except for the minor things that you
know are either really obvious or they
have no emotional content but for most
of what we do we're emotional creatures
and we rationalize it after the fact so
I think most of you have come around to
believe that is true and think about how
massive that is changing your
understanding of reality from facts
matter to they don't matter
that's a pretty fundamental change and I
think a lot of you have gone on that
journey with me but here's just a few
other things about reality that have
changed in just the last few years it's
funny when you see them all together
what is the Russia collusion thing was
it there at least some point in in that
when you said to yourself well I don't
believe this is actually an organized
coup attempt to
throw the elected president of the
United States what do you think now as
of this week we know that basically that
the Pfizer process was completely abused
Attorney General Barth says basically
well it could be incompetence
what is certainly isn't looking like it
and we're we're looking to see if
anybody needs to go to jail
so that's that's your Attorney General
so whether or not no matter what we find
about you know once we get to the bottom
of the Russian collusion thing no matter
what we find wouldn't you say that your
belief about what's possible got
modified a little bit because I would
have said no you know if somebody had
described this before any of it happened
and said Scott give me give me a read on
this tell me a thing if you think this
could happen deep state actors would put
together this you know BS charge about
Russia that creates this whole
conspiracy and it would be the grounds
for impeachment and they would remove a
legal elected president with just a
bunch of stuff they made up I would have
said to you I don't think so sure that's
a thing and then we watched it happen we
watched it happen now there's some of
you who said we've known for years I
would question what knowing means in
this context there were certain
certainly people who were confident that
it was always a big conspiracy and
people who thought it wasn't well I
don't know if anybody knows I always I
always point out the fact that there are
always smart people all around every
topic so if you ever get to the point
where you know the answer some of them
will be right but if you can't tell
which ones are right ahead of time I
don't know if it's anybody knowing
they're right or it's just people are on
all sides so somebody's got to be right
anyway so we have a different opinion
about how how slimy the people in our
government are and can be
we've lost all trust in our intelligence
agencies I mean I have to admit
that the Iraq weapons of mass
destruction and and even other notable
failures that they've had I think you
know worth they surprised by the fall of
the Iron Curtain so there's some famous
failures of our intelligence agencies
but did you think that they might not
even be working on your side did it ever
occur to you that our most trusted
intelligence agencies were actually not
even on your side they're not even on
your team but we know that now because
obviously there were important members
of them who were working against the
interests of the American public how
about the World Health Organization I
had two weeks ago did you think that was
a legitimate international organization
in which they were working toward a
world health I kinda did like I kind of
thought it was an actual organization
dedicated to world health well I don't
know what the World Health Organization
is but it's nothing like that looks like
it's some kind of Chinese propaganda
Oregon how about how long ago was it
that you thought the news was real I I
came to this one sooner than you did
because I've said this before but
because I'm often the subject in the
news I have a front row seat to see how
inaccurate it is because when they're
talking about me I know if it's accurate
I'll be like I didn't do that I didn't
say that that's all inaccurate but most
of you are just observers you're just in
the audience watching people like me get
ripped apart by the media and you think
well it's probably true yeah well they
wouldn't say anything that wasn't a
little bit true it's probably true but
now you all know that the news is made
up right basically everything you
thought about the legitimacy of the
media that's all gone isn't it I don't I
don't think we think there's any
legitimacy to the media at this point
here's another one this is this is also
really new this is a fresh one long term
prediction models don't work
this might be my favorite because I've
spent 10 years of my life arguing that
whether or not climate change is a big
problem or not a big problem the
prediction models are not science
they're whatever assumptions you put in
there they're not science and I think
that this week the entire world is ready
to say both Democrats and Republicans I
think the entire world is looking at
this and saying wait a minute where have
we seen this before
all the experts were on the same side
they had a complicated prediction model
which they used to convince the
politicians and the public of something
very expensive but then those models
seem to be not as accurate as we had
hoped
what's that remind you of well I think
that one of the big changes that's going
to come out of this is that it's almost
impossible to argue for climate change
anymore because in order to make the
argument you're going to say and you
know we got to do some climate change
and here's my argument here's my here's
my long-term prediction model for 80
years and people are just going to say
put that down put it down put it down
and they'll say no I'm gonna model
that's you see my graph does I put it
down we're not going to listen to your
long-term models anymore
now even if out she said that he didn't
use the models to decide to close down
or to agree to close down the travel
from China they were to agree to close
down the economy rather he said that the
the striking things were the experience
that they observes in China and Italy so
even if ouchy said they don't use the
models in fact she said no I just looked
at what happened in other places and
said that's a problem now I think
climate change is similar to that I
wouldn't put too much credibility in the
models
but it might be true that the experts
can just look at the the data and say
hey it's getting kind of warm and we
think we know why maybe we should be
worried about that but the model part
the models are not going to be accurate
all right here's another thing I learned
did you know that money can just be
printed did you know that now on some
level you didn't know that right you
knew that we have printing presses and
most of you are you know educated people
watching this so you knew that the
United States could always just print
more dollar bills just print more money
put it in circulation so you knew that
we could do that but didn't you think it
was a bad idea didn't you think that you
could do it physically you could print
more money but you don't want to do that
because it would create inflation the
simple reason for that is if there's
more money in the system then people are
willing to pay more for their goods and
services and then the people who sell
them say hey I've got a lot of demand I
think I'll raise my prices so if you if
you flood the system with too much cash
you can cause inflation so there's no
point doing it so there's no way you can
just create money out of nothing except
I think we just did it didn't we because
in an environment in which inflation is
basically impossible you know with the
exception of the hoarded goods then or
there's some price gouging for normal
goods nobody's going to be able to raise
a price so the United States just
printed I don't know do we literally
print it or have it as a digital I'm not
sure exactly how that works oh it's
probably a digital process but we
created
I know trillions of dollars and the only
the only downside of creating trillions
of dollars was that it might cause
inflation which under this special
condition can't it can't right
nobody can raise the prices not enough
demand for a while anyway
so I feel like I'm missing something
obvious because you know I actually have
some background in this stuff and I'm
pretty confused but did we find a
trillion dollars of free money
can somebody work that through me
because I think there's you know there
are greater implications than the simple
ones that I'm explaining so there must
be some downside that's a little more
than I think but you know I always say
that President Trump is good at finding
free money on the table and picking it
up like hey free money yeah anybody want
this and when I heard that we were going
to fund this stimulus if you want to
call it that
not by borrowing but rather by printing
money and then I realized that inflation
isn't going to go up even though we
print the money I think Trump found 2 or
3 trillion dollars laying on the table
am I wrong I have to be wrong right
yeah is that is Joshua Gans if you're
watching this in actual a real economist
what am I doing wrong
I mean did we just create three trillion
dollars and nothing because we had this
weird opportunity where there was no
chance of inflation did that just happen
I mean I'm actually curious I don't know
but it might have it might have if you
had to bet on this you should bet that
I'm wrong about this by the way you
should bet that there's some big
variable that I'm not thinking about
that would explain it all but otherwise
we just created three trillion dollars
out of nothing how does that change your
view of reality it's messing with mine
I'll tell you my view of reality has
taken a beating if we just created three
trillion dollars out of nothing now how
hard is it going to be
to argue against health care for all and
paying off student loans when we just
created three trillion dollars out of
air how are you going to argue against
you know let's say Bernie's big-ticket
stuff as as Biden is carrying it forward
how are you going to argue against it
because you don't have enough money
if we if you just printed three trillion
dollars I see somebody saying yes you
were wrong well normally I block people
for just saying you're wrong without
giving a reason but I'll give you a
special
disking dispensation today because I
also think I'm wrong I just don't know
why all right so maybe somebody can fix
that for me so just to make things fun
the the anti-trump press has designated
a official race baiter so it looks like
they I don't know if they pick teams or
how they do this but somebody works for
PBS named amici Alcindor apparently gets
to sit in the White House press
secretary and try to start race Wars so
she asks all the dumbass questions that
make the headlines because you shouldn't
ask these questions and you know it's
the wrong place and it's just dial so
she was asking the the Surgeon General
who's African American then he used he
used some language to refer to grandpa
and grandma he was using some culturally
relevant language and she called them
out for her because it sounded racist
and then this poor this poor black guy
who's the Surgeon General of the United
States has to explain on camera to the
designated race war starter in the
audience this poor you know he's reached
I know maybe the pinnacle of you know at
least in terms of public service being
the Surgeon General young guy I mean
this is quite a good job right and he
has a stand that they're listening to
this woman ask him if he's racist
seriously
now here's my opinion I think she should
be kicked out of the room by the
administration that's not too harsh is
it because
if somebody's coming into the press
conference for the sea emergency crisis
situation to ask this dumbass question
that has no value except to get people
upset about race for no good reason
whatsoever when we should be doing the
opposite and pulling together under
normal conditions you know a lot of the
press is asking these gotcha questions
but would it be unfair to uninvite her
and just just yank her granules I would
be okay with that
wouldn't you now if this would if these
were normal times I'd say maybe not you
know let them ask their questions etc
but I think she should be kicked out of
the room because she's she's operating
opposite of the national interest during
an emergency and there's nothing
happened you know she added nothing all
right yeah he was talking about the
language that he uses for his own family
come on
that poor guy I mean I've been pretty
critical of the Surgeon General because
of the face mask thing and he had a
comment on that but even I felt bad for
him having to go through that all right
is RT or the hill anti-trump press I
don't know what that means
and if you notice that the president is
being extra nice to Jim Acosta and he's
also being extra nice to the governor's
even the Democratic Governors and the
president is also being extra nice to
Joe Biden at least you know not the
campaign answers are pretty vicious but
the things that the President himself
says he complimented Joe Biden he
complimented the governor's he yet he's
even calling Jim Acosta Jim have you
noticed that he and he was actually sort
of joking with him a little bit at one
point so it even looks like the
President and Jim Acosta have some weird
day times that I'm sure is temporary but
at least I like it during the yeah I
kind of liked the show honestly you know
I think the world would be worse without
Jim Acosta yeah for being honest
the one thing I'll give him credit for
is that he understands he understands
the show so you know I'm not gonna say
that Trump is a genius because he knows
you know how to operate showmanship for
his advantage even though it's not
typical politicking he knows how to use
it well Acosta does the same thing I'm
not I'm not going to compliment the
president for doing that well and then
watch Acosta do a well and not give him
the same compliment which is Acosta
knows what his job is I mean the way
he's decided to define it his role in
the world and he knows it's it's some
form of wrestling you know and he knows
it's more about the show and he brings
the show and what does the president do
does the president you know back away
from the show never that's what we love
about him he never backs away from the
show so he goes into the show and then
you've got the president doing a show in
a constant doing a show and it's news
for the day I kind of like it
now you also need real reporters and
stuff and a lot of things that Acosta
says are so ridiculous they make your
head explode but you in the context of
the show
he's a good character you know what I
mean if you were gonna cast this as a
movie he'd be a great character so in
terms of my enjoyment of watching the
whole the whole movie if as it were I
like Jim Acosta he's a good addition to
the movie if not your sense of
information alright I'm going to teach
you the most valuable thing you've ever
learned and I'd like to save this for
the end because only the people who
really really care are here I ready I'm
going to give you a little life hack
that really could change fundamentally
change your life it's such a little
thing and it can really change things
and it goes like this I learned years
ago that touch you know the set the act
of touching somebody or something is a
skill you think it might not be and you
think you're safari I know you'd be like
somebody who's a trained massage
therapist wouldn't know how to touch
people correctly you know and maybe if
you're just randomly touching something
you wouldn't do it so well no that's all
I'm talking about that's part of it so
yes there is some technique about
learning where to touch people and how
hard and everything that will make you
feel better but that's not what I'm
talking about I'm talking about
intention if you were to have say you're
walking through the underbrush and some
of the underbrush was rubbing against
parts of your body including your your
your naughty bits would that excite you
probably not because even though there
was some sense of something touching you
and your naughty parts it probably would
not even register as anything exciting
because there's no intention involved
but the bush has no intention absent
intention it touch loses all of its
power this is the thing that will change
your life
I learned this because I couldn't
understand why some people can touch you
and it feels great well you know let's
say in the context of dating or whatever
and other people can touch you and it
doesn't feel great it doesn't feel like
much of anything
and it doesn't seem to be related to how
much you like the person or they like
you or what they look like or your
chemistry there's something that some
people have that's actually a skill that
if they just lay their hand on your
shoulder some people can make you feel
good and some people can't and I figured
out what it is and it's intention and
you can you can even test it on your
animals here's here specifically what I
mean when you're touching somebody
whether human or pet you should be
thinking to yourself in your mind the
internal thought should be how does this
feel to the other person in other words
you're putting yourself in their head
and you're focusing completely on the
task if you do those two things you
focus completely on the task and the
other person knows it and you put
yourself in their head and touch them in
a way that you would imagine if this
were you you would like it even though
you might be a little different you know
you have to learn what they like and
adjust as you go but that little bit of
intention will turn an ordinary touch
into almost an electric experience now
you won't believe it until you try it
but try this experience of touching
somebody if you ever had somebody who is
let's say you you convince your
boyfriend/girlfriend spouse to scratch
your back and they're just gonna scratch
your back and let's say you like that
we'll just for for example let's say you
like it if that person is also reading
their phone and scratching your back
while reading the phone their intention
is gone it's just a mechanical thing and
it's just like the branch that brushes
you in the forest even though it should
feel exactly the same as soon as the
intention is gone and the focus is gone
it just becomes something scratching you
so once yeah once you find somebody you
can actually touch so it might be a
while try that try complete focus put
yourself in there in there
mode and then do that you'll you'll also
learn the massage therapist the best
ones do that that's that's the
difference between a great massage
therapist and a good one
they might have the same moves but one
of them is going to be electric and one
of them is just gonna feel like
something on your back all right you see
in the comments that there are some
people who are agreeing with it
nobody is disagreeing with it so most of
you just are probably hearing it for the
first time like you've never really
thought of it in those terms try it if
there's somebody in your house or a pet
or something try it all right
nursing doesn't okay somebody says I
think you're confirming in the comments
that when you learn to be a nurse that
that's that might be part of their
training for the the empathy etcetera
that makes sense all right and that's
all I needed to tell you that stop
stealing my moves all right that's all
for now and I will talk to you in the
morning you know went