[Music]
hey everybody I didn't see you coming in
well it's good to see all of you grab a
seat lots of seats up front you know you
are just in time for coffee with Scott
Adams the best part of your day doesn't
take much to participate all you need is
a cup or a mug or glasses if there's
time jealous tank crew thermos last
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fellow with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous up coming to you today
from the real news just the real news
which you should be following by the way
on Twitter at head snipe zero one one at
head snipe HEA TSN IPE 0 1 1 I think I
got that right
it's a news directly from the government
without the opinion stuff you can use
join me now simultaneous up
go oh yeah that's a good sipping good
stuff I'm gonna give you some examples
of loser think today loser think no
coincidence the name of my new book that
people are just loving already and
that's just people who have the the
advance copies you can order yours right
now and it will be there in a few weeks
all right
and please do I would appreciate it if
you did so here's some examples of loser
think and this is the laundry list
persuasion example so the Democrats are
wondering about the best approach to
impeach the
and they have two basic paths one path
is to take their best their best case
something about the phone call with the
Ukrainian president and just take what
they have for that one limited situation
and try to impeach the second path is
that they just keep investigating every
little every little thing until they
have a whole laundry list of things that
are not necessarily related to the
Ukrainian phone call but a whole bunch
of things that they think individually
would be impeachable but together
they're more powerful so if they go with
get everything it's gonna take them a
while but they'll have more evidence if
they go for the clean shot you know that
the the head shot where you just
basically take your best situation well
it might be faster but maybe it's not as
persuasive here's what you do
and I recommend in my book clues to
think if somebody brings you the laundry
list of reasons you ask them hey you
know in the interest of time we can't
talk about everything out of your
laundry list but why don't you agree to
this give me your best reason on the
list just give me your best one if you
have time you could do two or three but
give me your best one and would you
agree that if I can debunk debunk your
best reason then you will rethink your
other reasons so that's the technique
because often you can debunk the first
one and it's their strongest reason and
then you say well if I just debunked
your best reason do I really need to see
the other ones alright so here's what
you can infer from the fact that the
Democrats are considering this question
do we go with what we already have or do
we keep getting evidence of unrelated
obstructing justice and abusing his
power until we've got this big package
do you know what that tells you tells
you they don't have anything if they had
something with their best case
absolutely that's the way to go you
don't need to dig into the the weeds if
you've got a good case why complicate
things why wait
just take your best case presented to
the public BAM impeach that guy they
can't because their best case obviously
is not persuasive if it were persuasive
I think we'd agree they'd say well this
is persuasive we don't you know we can
look at the other stuff but we don't
need to let's just go right to the
impeachment vote they don't have
anything their best case is obviously
not sufficient you you'll see this over
and over again that the best argument by
itself is not sufficient and what would
you make of the fact that they might
have lots of arguments for impeachment
any one of the arguments is not
sufficient what's that tell you about
each of the arguments tells you that
you're multiplying zero times a lot well
this one's not impeachable but it feels
like it sort of reminds me of something
that would been to be in the
neighborhood of impeachment all right
but so by itself it's not persuasive but
let's look at the 20 other things that
also by themselves are not impeachable
it doesn't matter how many of those you
have they're all unimpeachable minor
complaints all right so that's your
first bit of loser think is imagining
that a laundry list should be more
persuasive than whatever is the best
thing on the list here's another one
dan Rather and Sam Donaldson who you
might know as two very aged
news people from the past I don't know
what their ages are 80s maybe 80 ish but
see
brings them on together in this case and
they say that so this is dan Rather and
Sam Donaldson say the president Trump is
dangerous for the country because Trump
is only interested in protecting himself
this is an example of the mind-reader
illusion do you think those Sam
Donaldson and Dan Rather can look into
the mind of the president and see
something that you and I can't see no
because they're not mind reader's do you
think anybody can look into a stranger's
brain and say they're only interested in
protecting themselves let's take that to
the next level what would be an example
of something a president could do there
was only good for the president and not
good for the country nothing because
assuming that everything is discoverable
and transparent and when you're
president everything's pretty
discoverable and transparent you
couldn't I had anything if you wanted to
you know we've seen that a million times
so if the president tried to do
something that was literally only good
for him
and let's say it was bad for the country
we'd know it in the harpy and therefore
it could not be good for him so it's an
illogical assumption that a president
who's so fully transparent whether he
wants to be or not pretty much
everything is discovered will be
discovered could be discovered that
president can only help himself by
helping the country because everybody's
watching so if the president does
something to help I don't know is that
so he can get reelected is it only about
the president or is it also
coincidentally good for the country well
of course it's good for the country so
when you see Dan Rather and Sam
Donaldson brought on it's because they
they've run out of argument and they
just need a couple of very old people
- imagine they can read minds so that's
what that's all about here's another one
the fairness argument do you know why
you can't have an argument about what is
fair because nobody agrees you can't get
two people to agree what is fair in any
situation let me give you the best
example transgender athletes this is
another story about a transgender
athlete who's came in first place in
some bicycle race and everybody's mad
because the transgender athlete has some
testosterone advantage so why do they
say that this is wrong
they say it's wrong because it's not
fair it's not fair who gets to decide
what's fair because in my opinion if
this trans and gender transgender
athlete could not compete then that
athlete could not win the gold medal how
is that fair now that some of you are
just coming out of your brains right now
you're saying don't you understand Scot
they are physically different physically
different Scot do you not understand
that a transgender athlete has
testosterone and muscle development they
are not the same Scot don't you
understand yeah I understand it just
doesn't matter because I can't play in
the NBA no matter how hard I try
does that fair no it's not fair that I
can't play in the NBA I will never be
able to compete for like a Super Bowl
ring or the NBA so what do I think is
fair
I think what's fair is that the
transgender athlete get to win a win
Amell and otherwise did not have any way
to win a medal did that cause a one
woman do not win a medal who otherwise
would have yeah it did it did so
somebody got something somebody didn't
get something if you reverse it
somebody got something and somebody
didn't get something it's exactly the
same anyway you do it somebody's
to complain it's unfair now the fact
that you and I disagree about what's
fair is my point
all right here here's how I'm going to
win win the debate for all of you who
are disagreeing with me in your mind
right now you're saying Scott it's not
fair it's not fair to which I say you
are entitled to that opinion but I'm
also entitled to mine right
it is my legitimate opinion I'm not
being argumentative it's an actual
opinion that it would be fair for to
have one winner and one loser no matter
who they were I don't care who it is
could be a woman it could be a
transgender athlete who is a woman I
don't care now whose sense of fairness
should win should yours win or should
mine win because they're different
you're a reasonable person right you're
a smart educated reasonable person who
has a good sense of the world you have
looked at this situation and decided
this is fair and this is unfair
I've looked at the same situation I'm
educated I've seen the world I've been
around I'm looking at exactly the same
facts and I say no my sense of fairness
is different they're both fair either
way is fair that's my only point my
point is not that I want to convince you
to change your opinion or for it's fair
to my opinion I don't want to do that I
simply want you to acknowledge that I'm
a reasonable adult with a functional
brain and I have a different opinion of
what constitutes fair do you agree with
just that don't let's forget about the
question of sports and athletes for a
moment just agree with this minor point
that I'm a reasonable person with a real
opinion I'm not making it up for a fact
I'm not doing it just just to you know
troll the internet or any
that's my actual opinion would you agree
that I have an opinion that's different
from yours and that both of our opinions
are based on the concept of fairness my
only point is that you can't use
fairness as a standard because I won't
agree with you was fair and I never will
and if you put a hundred people in the
situation and said all right everybody
tell us what's fair they would have
different opinions so here's my opinion
on transgender athletes if your entire
thing comes down to what is fair you
don't have an argument that's not an
argument because fairness is not an
objective standard you can't argue that
and I'd still say that your being a
rational human you could certainly say
what you think is fair as I did and as
all of you did but if we disagree it's
just not a standard you can use that's
my point all right that's the only point
on that here's another interesting case
of loser think there's an article about
California are trying to deal with the
quote homelessness problem which as you
probably know is not really a homeless
problem it's only something that people
who are in a bubble believe is a
homeless problem it is primarily a drug
problem drug addiction problem and a
mental health problem if you take away
the people who are on addicted to drugs
or have mental health problems if you
take them ahead of the equation
everybody else can find a place to live
it turns out it turns out if you
subtract those two problems yeah people
can find a place to live they can get a
roommate they can move they can find a
place to live so California is of course
working on the wrong problem because
they're they're locked in they're in
this little bubble right here they're in
a little bubble where they don't have
access apparently to information that
would tell them they're working on the
wrong problem but here's here's a little
bit from this article that I want to
call out as loser think so the writer of
this article doesn't matter who
said if read control helps reduce
homelessness why is the problem so
prevalent in the various cities that
already have it so this person is saying
wait a minute
there is read control in the various
cities that don't have adequate housing
so how how is San Francisco going to
help their problem by rent control
because the places that have rent
controls still have the problem so it's
pretty obvious that rent control does
not solve the problem what's wrong with
that thinking what is wrong with that
thinking it's the same problem where the
people who say that and you're not gonna
like this it's the people who say that
there's too much gun or that there's a
lot of gun control in Chicago and yes
Chicago has one of the highest murder
rates so people say well gun control
obviously doesn't work because you've
got all this gun control in Chicago but
you have tons of murders so it doesn't
work what's wrong with that same thing
that's wrong with the homeless thing
here's here's the problem the reason
that Chicago has stricter gun laws is
because they had a lot of murder if you
have a lot of murder you got you've got
to try something so they tried a bunch
of strict gun laws you should expect
that wherever there's a problem
somebody's gonna try a solution so of
course the places with the greatest
murder should have the most gun control
you couldn't imagine it any other way
because hey we got a lot of murders here
we'd better do something
how about gun control now is gun control
working you don't know you have no way
to know because you don't have a Chicago
with no gun control
you only have one that has gun control
would the murder rate be higher if they
didn't have gun control well I don't
know neither do you
because there's no there's no comparison
there is no Chicago that doesn't have
gun control to compare to the chakras
Chicago that does in 2019 you could
probably find historical ones but they
don't count so so without getting back
to the homeless example why is it that
there's rent control where there's also
a lot of homelessness well because if
you have a lot of homelessness you do
what California did you say we got to do
something we don't have any good ideas
let's try rent control
so of course wherever there's a problem
it will be paired with what somebody
thinks is a solution that doesn't mean
it didn't work it only means that they
are often paired together now red
control is a little different than the
gun example in the sense that economic
theory would tell you it doesn't work
like there's an actual cause of the fact
there's some history to it and you can
see that this always leads to this so in
that case the housing situation is a
little different because you probably
can tell it's a bad it's a bad idea to
have already control but it is not
legitimate to say that rent control
doesn't work because there's lots of
homelessness wherever they have it
that's not the right cause of the fact
because it's probably the opposite
probably there's lots of homeless so we
need some rent control even if it's a
bad idea are you gonna do it anyway
probably all right there's a New York
Times did some kind of a puff piece on
Hillary Clinton in which the the
reporter Lisa Lehrer questions whether
Clinton was trolling us so Clinton
speaking recently about you know Tulsi
Gabbard and saying lots of things about
the president Trump of course at the
same time that she is doing a new book
door so Hillary has a new book with
Chelsea I believe and so the times are
saying we wonder if she's just trolling
us
would you like the answer to that
question yes yes
Hillary is trolling us and doing a
really good job I would say does Hillary
believe everything she says lately about
Russian assets and Trump and all that
well I don't know doesn't matter she's
gonna say it anyway because it's
trolling Lee perfect do you think that
she got more attention for her book by
saying that tulsi gabbard might be a
Russian asset of course she did
is it flat-out crazy no it's not it's
not flat-out crazy it's just I / bleah
and here's the hyperbole of it to say
that
tulsi is a Russian asset is a saying and
there's no evidence to support that but
there certainly is evidence that Russia
may have preferences now and then for
certain candidates and if tulsi ran for
the third party it would have some
effect on the outcome so in a sense in
more of a generic way it's true that
Russia might at some point say hey how
about tulsi she might she might ruin the
situation in America that might be true
but that's very different from grooming
her it's different from having meetings
and saying all right tulsi will do this
you do this and we'll we'll destroy the
United States together nothing like
that's happening so she so Clinton uses
a little hyperbole to put you know
intention on on tulsi in a way that no
intention is is in evidence it gets her
a lot of attention it totally works do I
think the Hillary Clinton has suddenly
lost your mind and sees Russian assets
everywhere
probably not it looks like just
productive trolling to me that's all I
see
but interestingly those people who do
not have a sense of humor the same 1/3
of the country who have been scared to
death of Trump and and every time he
Trump says something that's non-standard
which is most of the time the people
would no sense of humor say my god he's
lost it how can he say that that's not
hyperbole he really means that so the
same people who don't understand
anything that Trump does because they
don't know he's doing it tongue-in-cheek
he's doing it for a fact
you know it's intentional hyperbole the
people don't understand any of that have
to deal with the fact that Hillary just
started acting the same way with the
hyperbole and the you know going a
little bit too far so what do they say
do they say well when Trump does it he's
crazy but when Hillary does it she's
just just having fun I know I think at
least a third of the country the ones
who don't have a sense of humor looking
at Hillary and saying I have no other
explanation other than cheese must be
crazy now but there is another
explanation which is she's just trolling
and she's selling a book and she's doing
a good job of it let's talk about the
whistleblower situation so the
whistleblower situation what I find
interesting about that is that it's
getting too boring and complicated and
there's no face to it now there are
people who have been asked to testify
who do have faces but there's sort of
obscure characters that we don't care
about you know the the ex diplomat for
Ukraine I don't know what's he look like
I don't know so if you have a story that
has lots of moving parts it's
complicated
and and you can't put a face to it like
an actual personality that everybody
knows like Trump for example you don't
have much so it seems to me that this
whole whistleblower thing is just sort
of falling apart it's falling apart for
lack of
I don't think the I feel like the public
doesn't care at all about any of this
and I and as no no starpower so it seems
like it's just sort of dying
we'll see if anything comes out of that
but at the moment I would say the
Democrats are losing the public opinion
to war even though surprisingly the
polls say that there's a lot of support
for impeachment I don't think that's the
support you think it is I think a lot of
Republicans are supporting impeachment
just just to give the Republicans
subpoena power so that they can rip the
Democrats apart I'm not sure that
they're really in favor of impeaching
the president so much as they're in
favor of you know a cage match which is
fair all right there's a great article I
think it's based on the book maybe
called a war on the rocks and there's a
website of the same name war on the
rocks by Aaron Stein and he's got he's
got an article there that I think is
just sort of perfect and it's another
example of loser think that he's
pointing out so in this case Aaron Stein
is not falling for a loser think rather
he's pointing it out in other people and
I will do the same so it goes like this
that no one should have been surprised
certainly not the military certainly not
the curt's when President Trump said you
know let's get out of that safe zone and
pull back and let Turkey and Kurds work
it out and the reason that nobody should
be surprised is that the president has
been saying some version of this
consistently for three years and has
been asking for plans to make it happen
in the best way now do you think the
president Trump was receiving plans from
his underlings that were good plans for
Houck we could you know safely and
smartly faze ourselves out of the
serious situation while making sure that
our interests were maintained you know
keep keep Isis and
protect the Kurds and protect the oil
wells etc do you think do you think that
anybody gave the president that plan I
doubt it
now do you think the president asked for
it yes do you think he asked for it
repeatedly I'm guessing yes since there
was a major campaign promise and he's
been making noise about it consistently
I would guess he's asked his people for
a plan probably lots of times do you
think that his people ever delivered a
plan to get out of there in a in a right
way
nope I'll bet they did not and if you
have experience in the corporate world
you've seen this a million times how
many times have you had a boss who asked
you for something that you knew is a
terrible idea but you couldn't overrule
your boss so instead of saying hey boss
you're being real dumb I'm not even
gonna work on that
it's a complete waste of time you say
sure I'll work on that
and then you get busy and then you don't
work on it and then when your boss says
where's that plan you say oh oh yeah
yeah yeah I got I got a phone call in
I'm talking to Bob we're gonna have a
meeting tomorrow yeah I'm gonna get
right on that then a few more weeks go
by and your boss says well where's my
plan you say you know Joe never got back
to me I've got a few offenders I want to
talk to I'm working on this but you know
have these other priorities I'm working
on those two I'm gonna get this plan to
you and what you do is effectively you
take the decision away from your boss
because your boss can't do the work he's
asking you to do which is the detail
work he just doesn't have that option
because he's got to do his boss job and
if you won't do it or worse yet you say
you will do it and then you just
continued not to you can actually just
time him out you can just make him run
out of time you can make him you know
something else comes up and it's a
bigger priority and he just forgets for
a while so it's very common for your
subordinates to try to manage you simply
by not doing the things you want to be
done what do you do if you're a bad
leader and you're a weak and you can't
get past all these people well maybe you
could fire one or two do you think that
would make a difference I don't because
I don't think there was anybody who
thought it was a good idea to get out at
least anybody in the military so I don't
think he could have even fired people
and changed the result so what did this
president do after three years of not
getting a plan to leave he just tweeted
were in here oh we're out of here and he
just said all right you don't have a
plan do it anyway figure it out
now that is leadership and you saw the
president say directly I think it was
yesterday you know press event he said
directly than if he had not if he had
not shaken the box though those are my
words but if he had not done what he did
and it did not lead to people getting
killed nothing would have ever happened
does that sound credible and reasonable
does it pass the sniff test for you that
if he hadn't done this and caused
immediate mortal danger to the players
and actually probably some people got
killed we don't know the details yet if
he had not done that do you think
anything would have happened I don't
think so
yeah that that totally passes the sniff
test for me with would not even a slight
bit of hesitation I don't believe his
team was on his side
I believe he made a promise to the
voters the voters voted him in and I
think he just said eff it at some point
and said we're getting now now you're
gonna have to figure it out I gave you
time to figure it out the easy way and
that didn't work now figure it out the
hard way while the bullets are flying
you know it'll maybe focus you for a
little bit that's like a super adult
decision you know he president always
gets
accused of being impulsive and you know
acted as if he doesn't think these
things through which is clearly the
opposite of what's happening in this
case he's been working on this for three
years so there's no impulsiveness there
but I think he finally just said all
right I've tried all the ways to make
the children coordinate there's no way
to make the children do what the
children need to do or at least what I'm
asking them to do so I'm just gonna make
an adult decision so people are going to
get killed now I'm gonna make that
decision and people will die and we'll
get to we'll get to a better state of
things if this works out so here's the
loser think angle there if you did not
have experience in a big organization
where you saw people managing their boss
and sort of denying the boss the things
that the boss asked for because that
they don't want to directly say no
that's a bad idea they just don't want
it to happen so if you've not
experienced that you would have a blind
spot and you would say to yourself I
don't understand why the president acted
impulsively when he could just ask his
staff to come up with a reasonable plan
and then he can look at the reasonable
plan and socialize it and get our get
all our allies on board why didn't he do
that is he a dope because it's so
obvious to me that he should just ask
his people to make a plan and then sell
it to the Allies and then sell it to
Turkey and sell to the Kurds no it's all
good why did somebody have to get killed
well if you're thinking like that you
have no experience in any big
organization in all likelihood he tried
that it didn't work it wasn't ever gonna
work and so he just grabbed the box and
he said all right watch this
shoot the box and now people are talking
peace I hate to say genius but it might
be will say nobody knows how these
things work out until years later so us
engineers have developed a 3d printer
that's so big and so fat
it says they can print an object the
size of an adult human in just a couple
of hours now I don't think they're
actually printing adult humans but
something that big in a couple hours so
what does that tell you about the future
of home construction if you had if you
had a big big old 3d printer maybe you
don't own it maybe it just gets shipped
in to build your house and a big ol of
that of whatever the materials are for
the printer and you just started
printing you know snap together pieces I
feel like you could build your own home
with snap together pieces I don't like
the idea of the 3d printer making the
entire haul with permanent walls I like
the idea of making bricks that are like
Legos that can snap together and you've
got different Legos for you know say
corners and special ones if you want to
put in a window or a door or run some
cable or something but it should be dead
simple you should be able to have an app
that you follow the directions one step
at a time on your app to build your own
home and it should be able to meet all
building codes etc I believe that's all
coming yeah they've already built a
printed house but that's not I don't
think that's gonna be the future I don't
think those fully printed 3d houses are
good enough it's a good start it's a
good experiment but I think they need to
get to the point where they can make
bricks that you can just put together
any way you want there's an invisibility
cloak story on Drudge somebody says
interesting all right that's all I got
for now I'll talk to you later bye for
now