hey everybody come on in here where's
all your comments comments must be
delayed there you are
all right beat John good to see you hey
Jordy do you southern all right you guys
are quick and you know why you're here
to enjoy is the simultaneous up all you
need is a cup or a mug or a glass of
Stein the cellos tanker to thermos
elastic and keen to vessel of any
control it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
are you ready good morning from the gym
Tom get ready with your beverage
simultaneous hip on oh that's good stuff
all right I'm gonna make you quick today
well they would say that but then they
don't so you've probably been following
the story of Debra Messing and Eric and
mcCormick to Hollywood stars who have
been asking for the list of the names of
donors to Trump so that they can do what
well people said what don't you know
that Hollywood has a bad bad history
with black listing and that if you are
if you're okay with with black listing
you don't understand the Hollywood
history
and so even Whoopi Goldberg went hard at
messin and mcCormick for suggesting that
we should start black listing people for
their political voting and I think that
they got embarrassed too into adjusting
their opinion but I want to read to you
eric mccormack tweets all right so
here's the setup so they've had eric
mccormack investing he asked for the
list of who's donating to Trump because
so that they could not work with them
anymore
in other words so they can actively
discriminate against those people who
are donated but so people said well
that's the black lists and here's how
McCormick's is trying to weasel out of
why he did you ready for this I'm gonna
read his actual post he says I want to
be clear about my social media posts
from last week okay he wants to be clear
so he's saying that what he said was
unclear it's funny because it didn't
sound unclear which has been
misinterpreted in a very upsetting way
oh he's been misinterpreted and it's
upsetting him now he says in underlines
I absolutely do not support blacklist or
discrimination of any kind okay that's
clear at least he's being clear he
doesn't support that but now it makes
you wonder why he's asking for that
information why is he asking for that if
he's not supporting it but he goes on to
answer that question he says as anyone
who knows me would attest meaning that
he doesn't like blacklist and that he
says I simply like to understand where
Trump's major donations are coming from
oh it's a quest for knowledge I simply
like to understand where Trump's major
donations are coming from notice he
changed it to major donations did you
see that little sleight of hand so he's
he's trying to get away from any
donation from any citizen is bad and
therefore any you know if you gave $10
to Trump you must be a Nazi that's the
problem because you know some 40% of the
country are pro Trump and he realized
that he just lost all of their business
so he's trying to he's trying to insert
this word major before donations so that
he can sort of weasel it away from
people who were donating and make it
more about the major donations you know
the big corporations you and I hate the
corporations right we're on the same
team those big corporations with their
major donations we're against that right
so that's this first weasel move is
putting the word major in there which
wasn't there before and they says I
simply like to understand where the
major donations are coming from
which is a matter of public record which
it is I am holding myself responsible
for making educated informed decisions
that I can morally and ethically stand
by and to do that transparency is
essential huh he's not blacklisting he
simply wants the list of people who
voted a certain way so that he can
educate himself and make informed
decisions that he can morally and
ethically stand by totally different
than a blacklist totally different wait
no it isn't it's exactly a blacklist so
he wrote this whole thing to say I don't
believe in blacklist and here's why I
believe in blacklist they're both right
here I don't believe in black this let
me tell you why I believe in blacklist
let me tell you black lists are very
important for my moral character and all
that so here's the thing I wonder about
both McCormick and Debra Messing do they
have any smart friends who are willing
to give them an honest opinion because
think about it
imagine you're you know you're a famous
celebrity do the people who want to hang
out with you tell you when you're this
stupid do they have even one friend
who's gonna say Debra Debra you know I
know you feel passionate about this I
get where you're coming from you don't
have any bad intentions but do you
understand what you're doing do you
actually understand what you are doing
don't do this it's the dumbest thing
anybody ever did in the world and I feel
as if you and I could not have done what
Eric McCormack and Debra Messing did
because one of our friends would said
Scott we got to talk this is the worst
idea you've ever had but I feel like
nobody talked to them do they literally
have no friends who are willing to tell
them the truth because this looks like
some serious
bubble stuff here alright I decided to
make everybody angry at me by writing a
blog post in which I called out what I
call the dumbest arguments about gun
control just to make everybody hate me
I took the arguments on both sides which
arguments do you think I took from both
sides that are the dumb ones
all of them every one of them one of the
problems with the gun control argument
is that both sides are talking nonsense
why is that
is it because everybody is dumb in the
world well yeah some people think that
but that's not the specific problem here
the specific problem and the reason that
both sides are talking nonsense complete
nonsense is because nobody can say the
truth do you wanna hear the truth people
like guns if they like guns because they
like guns sometimes they like them
because they're fun and they like to
shoot them sometimes they want them for
defense they feel that makes them feel
safer some people want to protect the
country they have reasons they want guns
but most of them are bad at least when
they most of the reasons that are given
in public are bad because the real
reason mostly is selfish all right
people don't usually like to share
selfish reasons in public because the
topic is about America in general so can
you go into a conversation about what's
good for America in general and say you
know I don't really care what's good for
America in general this is what's good
for me you can't do that so instead you
come up with some BS argument about why
it's good for the country in weird ways
now there is at least one good argument
in this bunch and I'll tell you what it
is in a minute but let me tell you the
bad countries the bad arguments first
bad argument is that other countries do
this is that so as soon as you say
another country has strict gun control
and low rates of crime you're not saying
anything useful because there are so
many differences between the United
States and any other country that you're
just being done if you
look at Japan or look at Great Britain
it's just a dumb argument right now what
would be a better argument but imperfect
would be to say there's a city in the
United States that's very similar to
this other city they both have similar
problems similar rates of crime etc
similar demographics and this one city
made a change and then five years later
we can see if anything anything is
different in their statistics now that
would be a reasonably good argument and
even that would be imperfect but at
least you would be in the rational you
know field but comparing the United
States to Japan to many differences it's
a useless comparison Great Britain
useless so that's the first big argument
bad argument the other bad argument
comes from the anti-gun people who say
that you're your private guns even the
ar-15s etc even those would be no match
for us to ending army should the United
States turn into a dictatorship and they
want to they want to crush the citizens
it won't make any difference that you
have your puny little weapons because
you can't stand up to the you know the
military of the United States stupid
argument totally stupid arguments
because the weapons that the citizens
have are not meant to shoot down drones
and take out a nuclear bomb and you know
knock down a jet that's not what they're
for if we ever got in the situation
where there was a military coup and then
we had a dictator the citizens guns
would be used for kidnapping
assassination and disrupting economic
situations and it would be very good for
that for example if you were in the
military and you decided to side with
with the dictator people would know who
you are I mean your neighbors know if
you're in the military or not so if
you're in the military and you haven't
you know if you haven't defected and
laughed you must be with the dictator at
about that point your family would be
rounded
and murdered I'm not saying I'm in favor
of that I'm just saying that's what
would happen so the families of all the
people who were complicit in some kind
of a takeover of this country the
families would be rounded up and
murdered the friends would be rounded up
and that would be very effective in
making people maybe now support the
government so there would be a massive
murder spree in this country like you've
never seen before and the government
would say we could control this country
we could but we'd have a country we
didn't want to own because we wouldn't
be able to go out in public no leader
would ever be able to see the sunlight
again we have so many so many weapons in
this country that anybody who was
associated with the government let's say
there was a dictatorship that took over
they would never be able to see the
sunlight again because there would be
bullets fired in their direction every
time they went out in public so the no
match for standing army argument is
stupid because that's not the matchup it
would be it would be more of a guerrilla
war and killing of family members and
for that our guns are quite sufficient
then there's a slippery slope argument
the slippery slope says if you do
anything in the realm of gun control
eventually your guns will be will be
taken away the slippery slope argument
is magical thinking
it's sort of a form of word thinking
that because the word slippery has the
has slippery right in the word there
must be something about the situation
that's just going to keep slipping but
there isn't slippery slope is magical
thinking everything goes in the
direction is going until something stops
and no exceptions it's a basic rule of
physics if I drop a ball from my hand it
will keep going to the ground until it
hits the ground or something else stops
it right every policy goes in the
direction it's going until the public
says oh that's far enough and then they
stop
so take seatbelts for example the fact
that you have to put on a seat belt in
your car
is that a slippery slope to having no
cars it is not although someday we'll
probably have no cars but it's not
because the seatbelts
alright so pretty much everything in the
world looks like a slippery slope if
you're on the side of not wanting to
happen but stop saying slippery slope
because it's magical thinking as if
there's something about this one case
that it's the one case where public
opinion won't stop it when it goes too
far it's never happened before probably
never will happen it's just magical
thinking here's another bad argument
it's in the Constitution we have a
constitutional right to own firearms
that is a terrible argument it might be
a true statement I'm not arguing the
fact of it I'm just saying it's a
terrible argument because the
Constitution was written with provisions
that it can be adjusted and updated and
changed so it doesn't matter that is in
the Constitution it matters if we want
it to be in the Constitution because if
60% of the public's let's say a
supermajority 2/3 or whatever if two
thirds of the public want something to
change in the Constitution we can do it
the Constitution predicts that and
allows it and indeed we've we've changed
things so that you know they're the
right to vote has changed for example
slavery changed for example so if your
argument is it's a constitutional right
that's a stupid argument because that
that can be changed
whatever the public wants to now you
might say it's hard to change but that
would be a different argument others say
it's a god-given right I would say
that's magical thinking because I don't
well let me lump together the other bad
argument I don't have listed on my post
but one of the arguments is Scott Scott
Scott it's always said as if I don't
understand things and and here's the
argument Scott I have to I have to get
Dale into to explain this to you Dale
where are you
here's Dale Dale explain to me about
rights
all Scott Scott Scott you're so stupid
because you think rights are something
the government gives to you no no the
government does not give you rights it
can only take away your rights so you
don't you don't have a government given
right to a gun you just have a right to
a gun and seem stupid argument it might
be true in some philosophical sense that
rights are something you're born with
and the government's just take them away
but that's just word thinking it has no
practical meaning in the real world in
the real world governments exist and
they do restrict your rights in a
billion different ways so if governments
exist and they do and they can restrict
your rights and they do then for all
practical purposes the government
decides what rights you have and the
government grants you those rights by
simply not acting against them now you
can say Scott that's totally different
in a practical sense your rights come
from the government I know you don't
want that to be true I know you think
that on a philosophical level it's not
true but in a reality level it's true so
I'm sorry if I'm arrogant and
condescending but I'll block you so you
don't have to see it alright
another bad argument is the Constitution
refers to militias not ordinary people
editing guns
here's what's wrong with that argument
you and I are not on the Supreme Court
if you and I were on the Supreme Court
we could have a good argument about
whether it's about militias or it's
about private gun ownership that would
make perfect sense because we're on the
Supreme Court and somebody brings us
that question and we don't do it but if
you and I are not on the Supreme Court
it is complete stupidity for you and I
to argue about what the constant
tuition means completely irrelevant it's
irrelevant what you think the
Constitution means because you're not in
the Supreme Court neither am I now
I could I could read the Constitution
say huh I don't see that there but it
doesn't matter it only matters if the
Supreme Court ceases there and they have
decided now did the Supreme Court
massage the meaning in the Constitution
to make it allow people to have firearms
for non militia purposes it looks that
way to me it looks like the Supreme
Court sort of created a right and at
that language that wasn't necessarily
there before in the way that governments
create rights as I currently as I just
explained but I don't care because I'm
not on the Supreme Court and that
decision is already made
so arguing about a decision that's not
your decision to make
and has already been made by the Supreme
Court it's a useless useless argument
here's another bad argument but people
will just use other tools to kill what
about that story from China where
somebody killed eight school kids with a
knife you attack the classroom I guess
sure people will use other tools to kill
throughout history people have used
other tools to kill here's why this is a
stupid argument
it's it's a stupid argument but you know
I I want to say it's suboptimal or use
other words but it's hard that's just a
stupid argument and here's why when you
add friction to any activity of humans
they will do less of it pretty much
every time so if you make something
harder to do you get less of it but
you'd never get zero of it you can't
make it you can't probably can't add
enough friction to the gun situation to
make zero problems that's probably not a
thing but you can make it harder how do
we know that's true well you don't see a
lot of mass murderers using army tanks
why is it that you don't see mass
murderers using actual military tanks
it's because it would be really hard to
get one Oh
lotta friction why don't you see more
mass murderers using fully automatic
weapons because you can buy one they're
just really expensive and there's more
hoops to jump through and they don't
make them new so you'd have to buy use
one but you could get one or you can get
one maybe from the military illegally
somehow you could do that but but it's
hard and so you don't see that weapon
used so in every realm of human behavior
adding any kind of friction changes
behavior somewhat and you can certainly
try try it in different places and see
if it works or not
so yes people can use other tools to
kill but any friction will change the
number of people who use guns to kill
which is not to say I'm in favor of that
friction by the way don't don't assume
that when I'm talking about the bad
arguments that you know my opinion
because that's not in here nothing I'm
saying here is going to give you my
summary opinion of gun control because
my summary opinion is I'd like to keep
guns because they would be good for me
but I'm pretty sure it would kill other
people so that's my opinion many of you
have a similar opinion all right some
people say that criminals can always get
guns so all you're doing is keeping it
away from the law-abiding people that's
a terrible argument it's a terrible
argument yes it's true the criminals
would be more capable of getting illegal
guns even if even if the laws changed
that's true it's not on point though
because I'm not worried about the
criminals so much because you're right
they will get guns but what about the 18
year old who's got some mental issues if
an 18 year old with mental issues and no
criminal contacts he's not part of the
criminal underworld you know he's just
not a criminal he just has some mental
problems if you make it harder for that
kid that eighteen year old to get an
ar-15 that probably makes a difference
right even if it doesn't change what
criminals do you
we can make it a little harder for the
18 year old with a mental problem to get
a weapon alright so the argument
criminals can always get guns is off
point it's true but it's off point
because there are a lot of people who
have no criminal record no criminal
contacts and you'd also want them to
have a little trouble getting a gun if
they had a mental problem
others say that gun deaths are not that
high if you subtract out the suicides
which apparently are something like half
or two-thirds of all gun deaths and you
subtract out the criminals who are
shooting other criminals that you don't
care about as much you get down to what
some people would say is a pretty
reasonable number maybe 10,000 10,000 a
year but that's a bad argument because
we would not stop trying to fix
something that killed 10,000 people a
year if it were any other topic and it
killed 10,000 people a year there would
be a whole industry trying to reduce
that 10,000 to zero you know and other
people have said hey but swimming pools
and you know bicycles and other things
are killing more people but you look at
the swimming pool industry and look at
all the things they've done to make
swimming pools safer they have all kinds
of technology I've got a pool cover
online in my state you'd have to build a
locked fence around your pool so that
the neighbor can't can't wander into it
so every industry that kills ten
thousand people a year is working very
hard to get that number down guns are no
different so wouldn't matter if it's
twenty thousand or ten thousand or even
five thousand you would still try pretty
hard to get that down to zero
so it's so it's not an argument to say
the deaths aren't really that high other
people said Scott you're ignoring the
most important part you're ignoring all
the lives that are saved to buy guns
meaning that people when people own guns
it makes crime less likely because
there's so many people with guns that
the criminal doesn't want to go there
what about all the people who would have
been murdered except they had a gun
you're not including those Scott that is
a terrible
a terrible argument here's why we're
looking at the net deaths looking at the
net if the net can be driven down by
whatever change it is and wait for it
wait for it whether that change involves
adding guns to a situation or whether
that change involves subtracting guns or
making them harder to guess somehow or
anything else aren't they both good it
doesn't matter how you get there you
know so long as society agrees that it's
a reasonable step so because you can
test these things I would be in favor of
some places adding more guns in other
words they're probably places in this
country where adding some guns would
actually make people safer don't you
think there are probably other places in
this country where adding guns would
make things worse don't you think now
that's just a supposition but it feels
very testable Texas might want to try
adding some guns to a county maybe
Chicago wants to try something different
and maybe we learn which one of those
works and maybe we see that it's
different in one place than it is in
another so I'm not telling you that we
need fewer guns to reduce gun deaths I'm
saying that it can be tested and that is
probably not the same in one region
versus another region so so I'm not
ignoring the number of lives saved by
guns I'm looking at the nets and the net
number of people dead can be driven up
or down based on your policies so let's
try some stuff and see what it does
all right some people say that testing
some kind of gun control in one state
won't work because people can just drive
across the state border and get their
gun there that's a terrible argument
it's a terrible argument even though
it's true so
things can be true and also terrible
argument so it's true that you could
drive across the state and do something
you couldn't do in the other state but
number one that that ignores the fact
that you could also have a law in the
neighboring state that says you won't
sell guns to people from another state
that wouldn't be obnoxious would it yeah
if California said you know if you live
in California you have to abide by our
gun restrictions but if you're a
resident of another state you can't buy
a gun at all because you know you know
you live in another state so if you live
in another state go deal with that state
when you want to buy a gun I can imagine
that kind of a law and that would not
seem too obnoxious to me and that would
also you know allow you to test within
one state at least more easily now
suppose that the neighboring state
doesn't play along let's say the
neighboring state says yeah we're not
gonna have a law about your state if
somebody wants to come here and buy a
gun it's legal here they can do it so
let's say the neighboring state does not
play along and you can go there and buy
a gun without the same limitations you
would still be able to pick that effect
up in other words you would be able to
measure this guy lies this guy lies gets
blocked you would still be able to
measure whether it made a difference
because again it would add friction it
would be harder to go to another state
so you would expect there would be some
some decrease in gun deaths if the
change that you implemented made a
difference it might not be as big a
change as if all the neighboring states
were the same but you would be able to
measure it if it made if it made any
friction you'd see it you should also be
able to measure the distance from the
border so you should be able to see that
the gun passes for example don't change
much for people who live on the border
of another state because like you said
they could just drive one mile buy a gun
and come back but it might it might make
a difference to people who are in the
center of the state who would have to
drive a few hours
we'd have to drive a few hours to get a
gun illegally that would be friction so
you should be able to measure what works
is what doesn't even if there's some
bleed across the states all right here's
the here's maybe the worst of the worst
arguments you raise this this is the
dumbest of all the dumb gun arguments
and most of you have said this argument
and there's just no way to there's no
way to shade this this is a dumb
argument and here it goes like this
Chicago has the tightest gun laws and
also very high gun violence therefore
say the bad arguers that's evidence the
tight gun laws don't make you safer
because it's not working in Chicago is
it immediately obvious to you why that's
a dumb argument or does that sound like
a good argument to you here's the
problem which locations implement the
strongest gun restrictions would it be
in the places that have no deaths from
guns no because why in the world would
you put gun restrictions someplace that
doesn't have any problem with guns the
place you would put your strongest gun
restrictions is where you have the most
gun problems you should expect that
every place eventually every place that
has lots of gun problems should
eventually become among the most gun
restricted places of course it's not an
argument against regulations it's a
description of how those regulations got
there in the first place because it was
an emergency if they're trying to do
what they can with their limited tools
now I'm not saying that those gun
restrictions work and I'm not saying
they don't work I'm saying that there's
an obvious reason why Chicago has lots
of gun restrictions it's because they're
desperate and the other whatever else
they've been trying hasn't been working
you would expect other other cities with
the same problem to also be moving in
the same direction so those are the
worst arguments the best argument for
owning guns was sort of embedded in the
batter
sort of the the opposite of the bad the
best argument for gun ownership number
one a gorilla an armed gorilla movement
in this country is a good defense
against the government trying to abuse
the citizens even though it doesn't
stand up to a standing army it wouldn't
need to as I said it would be kidnapping
there would be assassinations the
country would be completely unlivable so
nobody would want to conquer it because
it would just become a shooting a
shooting gallery so that's a very good
reason I think that argument is strong
it does protect the Republic
now what about let's say some foreign
country let's say China just taking
somebody randomly had plans to conquer
and occupy the United States could they
do it no and they couldn't because there
are enough guns that the locals could
wipe out the police force in an
afternoon you know so the first thing
they do is if the police force was
somehow on the side of the the dictator
the police would be wiped out in an
afternoon it probably wouldn't even take
all day to do it like all the police
would be murdered by the end of the day
now that's of course the police who are
loyal to the dictator only here's
another good argument for guns that in
some places they make you safer that's a
really good argument because I'm pretty
sure that there are statistics that show
that in some situations extra guns work
it would be good to know what those
situations look like and maybe we need
to do a little more testing but it
should also it's very important also to
note that what works at one place isn't
necessarily going to work in another so
those are good arguments and I would
stick to the good arguments so as I said
I'm pro-gun strongly program under no
situation could I abide by confiscation
of guns and I think the buyback gets
gets close enough to confiscation that I
don't think I could support that
but having having a discriminatory a
very discriminatory gun policy I could
look at that and buy discriminatory I I
say targeting young white well just
males they don't even have to be white
but young males probably need more
restrictions on gun purchases than women
then people who've been in the military
than people who already own guns so
there are a number of categories of
people who should not be restricted
because there they seem obviously safer
than other categories but if you've
never owned a gun you've never been in
the military and you're 29 years old and
you just your first gun is an AR maybe
we should look at that a little bit
closer Scott that did not come off very
well dude all right so all the people
who just make stupid personal comments
will get blocked anybody who has an
argument totally open to it
so let's I'm just gonna block all the
rest of the people who are making your
personal so all the people who who are
saying it's just a bad argument it's
stupid
bla bla bla you know you're you're
losing this Scott all the people would
say that it's because I've destroyed
their argument and they don't know what
to do about it they feel bad so do you
feel bad that I just destroyed your best
argument because that happened to a
number of you and it probably is not
pleasant all right well it looks like
people got that message okay if somebody
has an argument that I did not include
because I did add I did add some extra
arguments at the end let's say I had an
update okay I included the updates well
so somebody is groaning because I said
young white males before I changed it to
just young males because I am a white
male and I was once young I feel
qualified to speak about our extra risk
if you were insuring somebody to buy a
car you would say Oh young males are
riskier than young females we'll change
the price if you were to get a loan the
bank would look at all of your
particulars of your life to decide what
your risk was I don't think we can
ignore the fact that most of the gun
crime comes from young males I mean how
do you ignore that that would be it
would be ridiculous to ignore it now it
would be discriminatory but so is your
car insurance and some rent somehow we
live with that somebody says you
misunderstood the Chicago situation
restrictions are a century old
irrelevant it's irrelevant because a
century ago why do you think that they
put in strict gun control that's because
they had a problem it doesn't matter
when it happened
somebody says mental health issues in
this country can't be ignored yeah I
mean that that's a given
as I've said we've become sort of a
zombie country there is actually a
zombie apocalypse happening now and the
zombies are the people who are on drugs
or have mental problems and are not
getting the treatment that they need
their brains are effectively not working
but their bodies are and they they get
to march around in public just like
everybody else so there is a zombie
apocalypse
the zombies happen to be on drugs or
have mental problems or both and it's
getting bigger all right how come the
inner city crime is ignored we have to
pick out the white males
oh uh nobody's ignoring it nobody's
ignoring inner city crime this was a
sermon not a persuasive argument okay
you get blocked for
word thinking so weird thinking is when
you try to you try to make a point but
all you've done is put a different word
on something this was not persuasive it
was a sermon a sermon would be if I had
a point of view the sermon would be I
was trying to persuade you toward a
particular outcome that didn't happen
here I simply told you the arguments you
shouldn't use because they're weak all
right a lot of you want to make this
racial but I choose not to at the moment
all right all right
so I appear to have triggered many of
you by using the phrase white male
because many people are saying but wait
it's not you know the white males are
not the ones statistically with the
problem will you stop commenting if I
agree that's true would that be enough
to make you stop saying that because I
agree that's true so you can just stop
making those comments because now we're
all on the same side you're not
disagreeing with me all right that's all
I have for now I gotta go
you're ready to do something else and I
will talk to you all later