[Music]
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody guess what yes right I'm in
the right time zone yes my week of
publicity for my new book loser think in
New York is over I'm getting ready to
head down to LA tomorrow we'll do a
little more interviewing I'm gonna see
Dave Rubin Adam Carolla I think some
more so we got more publicity coming and
I hope you have your copy it's zooming
up the bestseller list in its categories
but before we talk about all the news of
the day let us do a little thing that
makes life so much better you start with
an ordinary day and then you add what
we're gonna do next turns into a great
day your dopamine is about to spike get
ready because it's common it's called
the simultaneous sip and all you need is
a cover of Margaret glasses snifter
stein chalice tanker thermos flask
canteen Grail goblet vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better
the simultaneous up go
oh dear life all I'm gonna put that
right back in my coffee warmer and make
sure that it's just the right
temperature so how many of you watched
me on the Greg Gutfeld show which aired
last night and I believe that the will
air at least one more time this weekend
did anybody get to catch that it was a
lot of fun I don't like to brag but I
think it was the best Greg Gutfeld show
of all time not just because of me I
thought everybody was on fire that day
so um there's a little bit of a delay on
your comments
oh okay some of you saw it that's good
let's talk about some other things
there's a tragic death I have to report
on yes it's true
the baby Trump inflatable a balloon was
stabbed to death before the big football
game that the president attended and so
can we take a moment of silence for a
baby Trump the inflatable balloon that
lived a brief but I think noteworthy
life we remember baby Trump the
inflatable baby Trump with with fondness
it was part of our life but sadly crime
crime is just getting worse and it's
just more proof that the only thing that
can stop a man with a knife is a good
citizen with a knife but there were no
armed citizens to protect baby Trump it
turns out that the people who were in
charge of keeping baby Trump safe were
not armed I'll bet they were shy but
they wish they had a concealed carry now
so baby Trump is no longer Oh perhaps he
can be patched up and put back into
action now I gotta I gotta admit that
baby Trump is an attack on President
Trump that I never minded even once you
know it bothers me when people attack
him for illegitimate things it bothers
me when they obsess about his tweets and
things that don't really matter so there
are a lot of things that I find
bothersome about Trump's critics but I
do not ever find baby Trump any less
entertaining so I hope baby Trump can be
resuscitated because I'm in it for the
entertainment and that float was pretty
entertaining
and and getting stabbed to death instead
are taking to everything about that baby
Trump is fun all right so I've been
noticing that there's a trend about the
criticism of Trump the things that they
think they have on him the impeachable
stuff is all complicated and and it's
hard to get the public to care and if
the public doesn't even understand what
you're talking about like the Ukraine
phone call for what yes for walked
CrowdStrike who if the public doesn't
even know why
well good luck impeaching the president
so I've noticed that the anti-trump errs
have gone full word thinking here are
some of the words used about the
president just I think just on CNN's
website just today so just today just
just one website somebody says it
doesn't matter who because they all say
similar things so somebody on CNN on the
website we're saying that the tramps the
transcripts depict Trump as quote fickle
susceptible to flattery and prone to
grudges elsewhere on the site he is
called mercurial also consumed by
festering grievances and perpetually
thrown and the administration is
perpetually thrown into chaos by rash
decisions also says that the acts on his
whims and that he acts like a child or a
criminal he is impulsive and he is
deranged what what do all of those
things have in common well a few things
one is that they're a little bit
difficult to demonstrate you know it's
if you say somebody's fickle all you can
point to is that they used to say this
but now they say that but isn't that
normal and in the I would say in the
realm of being the president don't you
often have situations where the the
we'll say hey let's 2x and then somebody
pushes back or he learns a little bit
more his advisers weigh in and they says
huh well I guess my first thing wasn't
so good let's try this other thing isn't
that kind of common do we want a
president who doesn't change his mind
so labeling it impulsive or a whim or a
rash decision is an example of what form
of loser think as described in my
incredible best-selling book the best
I've ever written mind-reading yeah it
assumes that you know the president's
inner thoughts and we don't we don't
even know our own inner thoughts we
barely know our spouse or girlfriend or
you know four siblings and we usually
don't know anybody's inner thoughts but
you don't know how long somebody's been
thinking about something and you don't
know what data they're processing you
just know that they used to say this and
now they've changed it to this but to
imagine that the process of changing
from this opinion to this opinion has no
thoughts in between there's no thinking
process there's no evidence of that all
we know is that we don't know what he
was thinking that's it that's the only
thing we know we don't know that it went
directly from this idea to thinking
again but now now I have a new thought
is that there is that what they think
when they think about this fickle and
pulse of stuff do they think that the
the process just before the either the
change or the original decision is the
brain shuts down and it just goes into
maintenance boat it's like oh let's
invade a country and suddenly you wake
up with an impulsive thought what what
exactly do they think brains do do
brains not do the thinking part they
just go directly to the decision
well they do actually quite often but
it's insane to think that they can read
the president's mind now I made the
mistake of turning on I was on the plane
so I was trapped on an airplane and when
you try
done an airplane you will watch content
that you would not watch in any other
circumstance because you're bored out of
your mind and it's a cross-country
flight in your so I turned on MSNBC
which I don't even usually sample
because it's so odious I can I can watch
CNN even when they say things that I
think are a little biased but man if you
if you go full MSNBC you are into
another world CNN is just somebody who
doesn't like the President or you know
generally speaking they have a bias
against the president Fox News is
somebody who generally has a bias that
seems in favor of the president the the
opinion people in particular but you got
MSNBC and it doesn't even look like
those two things it doesn't look like
somebody just has a bias yeah it doesn't
look like something's working over there
so I'm watching Chris Hayes and it was
fascinating to me because number one
it's it's obvious he's very smart all
right I don't think anybody would ever
say that you know nobody would ever
accuse him of not being smart
I watched him come out and do basically
a monologue in front of his audience
that lasted a long time and was really
well-constructed and coherent and really
laid out the case told the story it was
a really good performance I would say on
a on a performance level and on an
intelligence level Chris Hayes is very
impressive I can see why he's host of a
show and so I was watching it with a
specific agenda I wanted to see if I
could identify the point where they
departed into a different movie and what
that was was or is there one thing is
there a few things what is it that
caused them to have this different view
of life and I think I found it
and it was really interesting
so Chris's monologue had to do with the
fact that the president released the
transcript and said it was perfect look
at yeah read that read it yourself and
Chris Hayes believed that the transcript
very clearly is so so damning that he
was trying to figure out why the
president would tell everybody here to
read the evidence that is so damning
against the president and then act like
it's not and so here were his two
hypotheses he said either the president
is so cleverly manipulative that he
knows that just saying is perfect and a
lot of people won't read it a lot of
people will say well I trust him he says
it's perfect I'm not gonna read it
that's it
or maybe maybe just because he framed it
that way it would influence people to
read it and have the same impression
because they'd be primed to see it the
way he framed it so you know Kristen
said as well as I just said it that's
sort of the implication the other the
other hypothesis that chris has
entertained is that the president is the
dumbest person in Washington because you
would have to be the dumbest person in
Washington / Chris Hayes to ask of the
public to look at the most damning
evidence against you who would do that
and he says only the dumbest person in
Washington and then he humorously in a
way that his audience enjoyed suggested
multiple times that therefore the
President must be just basically the
dumbest guy in the world because nobody
would ask people to look at damning
information about themselves there's
another there's another possibility left
out which is that Chris Hayes and people
like him are seeing something that isn't
there would you agree that that's there
probably other hypotheses or
explanations that also work
but three that we have on the table are
the president is cleverly so
manipulative
he knows that claiming there's nothing
there will actually cause people to
either not look at it or to think
there's nothing there when they look at
it in other words fooling them into
thinking there's nothing there
or he's so dumb he can't tell it's bad
for him and then the one I'm adding
which is they're seeing something that
we don't see so Chris Hayes digs into
the transcript to show us the bits that
are the damning parts and so he starts
out by saying showing the president's
language that suggests that the
president was suggesting that we've been
good to Ukraine but maybe hasn't been
reciprocal and can you do me a favor so
he does Chris does a good job of
pointing out that the president is sort
of setting up the conversation as in you
know I have some leverage I have
something you want and there are things
I want I would say that part perfectly
clear I would agree completely that the
president's entire approach to this was
very much one about having leverage in
the conversation now I've said before
that if you're talking to a foreign
leader that you're giving a lot of money
to if you're not asking for something in
return you're doing it wrong do you want
a president who gives away our money and
doesn't ask for anything in return if he
can of course now did he ask for
something that's reasonable and we would
agree with that's a separate question
but of course I agree with Chris Hayes
and I see it too
I'm looking at the same document he says
he's using a little leverage on the
president of Ukraine and here's the
language and I look at the language I go
oh yeah I see it I could see that he's
setting up the conversation but of
course my interpretation is you always
do that so the real question is not
whether he used leverage against them
but whether the thing he's asking for is
appropriate so that's a separate
question but so far I'm on the same page
I see it Chris I'm looking at the
transcript he does seem to be saying hey
you owe us do me a favor we got this
thing you want this we want this I
accept that that was the the frame
here's the fun part here's the fun part
so then he reads the part about how
President Trump asked for some
information and CrowdStrike and the
Biden's and he reads he reads what the
president says and then he turns to his
audience and says and and says that the
transcript says that the president is
asking Ukraine to quote dig up dirt on
his political opponent do you see it so
Chris Hayes is all factual all logical
all rational and he's even saying read
it and then he reads it to you on screen
and right after he reads one thing to
you he says there he was asking asking
him to dig up dirt that's not there
there's nothing like that there it
doesn't say dig up dirt dig up dirt the
only way I interpret it is to make up
something that isn't real
wouldn't you say that's the
interpretation that when you say dig up
dirt if sort of assumes that the dirt
was not really something we should be
worrying about or maybe it's not even
real it's just dirt so where in the
transcript does the president ask the
president of Ukraine to make up
doesn't exist and so it this this is the
magic trick so so the magic trick is
that Hayes is pacing his audience this
is actually hypnosis trick I doubt he's
thinking of it this way but this is the
mechanism the mechanism is that he says
something his audience agrees with her
they're chosen to be you know there
wouldn't be any audience if they weren't
sort of Pro this opinion and he says
things you agree with things you agree
with things you agree with things you
agree with and that's priming you and
pacing you things you agree with things
you agree with things you agree with
digging up dirt things you agree with
things you agree with things you agree
with
you just throw it in the middle of
things that people agree but it's just
not there it's a made-up it's a made-up
imaginary thought that he asked him for
something that wasn't real and here's
why that's important you have to make
that little magical leap and I have to
admit I watched it and I couldn't tell
if he did it intentionally that's the
funny part sometimes you can watch a
pundit and you say to yourself all right
I know it's been you know it's been you
don't believe it I know you you know
you're just trying to convince me to
believe it I know you don't even believe
it but this didn't look like this I
actually couldn't tell if he was trying
to sell us something and knew he was
making something up or if he actually
saw it on the page now if you were not
well versed in the ways of irrational
thinking and hypnosis and maudlin let's
say persuasion in general you may say
Scott Scott Scott don't be naive
anybody can tell the difference between
asking for an investigation and asking
somebody to dig up dirt because an
investigation would be in a legal
context and it'll be things that are
important to the state and you know you
would expect only accurate information
and you only care about things that
matter that's what an investigation
would be digging up dirt would be you
don't even really have to investigate
just just give us some stuff yeah you
know just just give us some stuff
doesn't even need to be real so here's
the thing in my experience it is
completely common for people to imagine
things that don't exist it's one of the
most common things that our experience
in fact and a little bit I'm gonna tell
us you tell you some things that you
probably think are true that just aren't
you so to demonstrate the point so I
think there's some chance that Chris
Hayes believed that the word
transcript translate accurately to
digging up dirt he might not know they
don't but I mean I don't see it I don't
see anything there that would suggest
that the president would be happy with
them making something up because it
doesn't it doesn't feel like it went
last yeah somebody was mentioning the
Charlottesville example and that's
pretty good comparison in this case so
that was the magic trick so imagine
you're in the audience you've agreed
with everything you said emotionally
because they really they're really on
the same page emotionally their hopes
and dreams are all that the president's
gonna be erased any moment now you would
accept a I think Chris Hayes is an
attorney lawyer is that true if somebody
that smart and that compatible we're
thinking said that he's reading it right
in front of you and saying it says dig
up dirt essentially when you believe it
you would very easily take on his
interpretation because he's very
convincing but it's not there so I found
that quite interesting
[Music]
dude dude now the irony of course is
that Chris's first theory is that the
president was using a psychological
magic trick to make you imagine there
was nothing there simply because he's so
willing to let you read it what Chris
Hayes did was the same trick right in
front of you which is he primed you to
believe there was something there and
that he read something there wasn't
there and then he said there it is and
he explained exactly what was there that
wasn't there because he just read what
was there and it wasn't what he said
nothing about digging up dirt so he used
the same trick and again I don't know if
it was intentional it was if it if it
had been intentional it was kind of
brilliant but it would be perfectly
normal that he actually thought he saw
it there he could have thought he saw it
all right so
here's that let's talk a little bit more
about CrowdStrike so the president asked
president the president of Ukraine was
asked by Trump to look into not only
Biden but something about CrowdStrike
and a Ukraine connection and they have
to admit I just always assumed everybody
else knew what that meant I didn't know
what it meant I had no idea what Ukraine
and CrowdStrike and Hillary server or
any of that have anything to do with
that yet and so I just saw that look
somebody must know what that means it
must be something out there where that
makes sense but as you as you read the
anti-trump opinions they say that the
any any suggestion that CrowdStrike has
anything to do with Ukraine is just
imaginary because there's there's no
evidence that would suggest that the
Ukraine was behind the hacking instead
of Russia I think that's the bottom line
is that the president says yet thought
there was some suggestion Ukraine was
behind the hacking instead of Russia but
there's no evidence of that
so then I said to myself it's a
conspiracy theory but I wonder where
that came from
you know who exactly is saying that
Ukraine and CrowdStrike have something
in common
so I started digging into it first thing
I noticed is that these search engines
at least on Google are very clear that
there's nothing there you know the the
top hits you get are that's a conspiracy
theory conspiracy think it's theory
debunked debunked CrowdStrike has
nothing to do with Ukraine but if you
keep digging a little bit you can find
some obscure blog posts where people are
laying out their theories and so I I
went down the rabbit hole a little bit
to see at least what the conspiracy
people were saying because I just wanted
to know is the president acting on
something that's just batshit crazy that
nobody's saying or is there somebody
who's saying there's some kind of a
connection there and let me give you a
few things I found out
there's this thing called the Atlantic
Council now I'll probably get kicked off
of youtube even for talking about this
stuff somebody says once again you're
two years behind you are correct I was
two years behind because I kept waiting
for this to matter and it wasn't sure it
was mattering but here here are some
connections so there's a what do you
call it a think tank called the Atlantic
Council as a United States think tank
now the thing tacks tend to get
corrupted by foreign countries because
they require funding and foreign
countries will say hey I'll I'll fund
you for millions of dollars to do some
position paper or study but of course
they hope that position paper will be in
their favor and millions of dollars are
on the line so probably will be so the
first thing you need to know is that all
of these think tanks have at least the
potential to be completely shams because
they're taking money from people and
giving them opinions that are compatible
with who funded them now I'm not saying
that's the case with the Atlantic
Council in particular I'm just saying
that think tanks all have that quality
they can't really think that you're
getting any kind of an independent
opinion so here's the interesting thing
who do you think is on the advisory
board for the Atlantic Council well one
person was the founder of a co-founder
of crowds Frank another person was James
clapper and another person was the
Ukrainian billionaire who has donated
lots of money to the Clinton Foundation
so there's this one organization that is
what what does the Atlantic Council what
is their main sort of theme and when I
say that this will be based on even you
know even independent people talking
about them so this is not just critics
but
objective independent people would say
the Atlantic Council's sort of
overarching mission is anti-russia
it's an anti-russian organization
they're Pro NATO and anti-russian so
you've got the co-founder of CrowdStrike
whose analysis showed that Russia was at
fault at the same time he's an advisory
member of a think-tank that's
anti-russian so he joined an
anti-russian organization and then
coincidentally when they had a chance to
look at a hack well it looks like it was
Russia's fault at the same time the
James clapper is also an advisor now
there's no evidence that they hang out I
don't know you could be an advisor and
never go to a meeting I suppose but
these are just the connections they
simply exist we don't know that clapper
was necessarily having meetings with
this guy or anything like that so and
then this this Ukrainian billionaire who
is also aligned with this of course
Ukraine is anti Russia for all the right
reasons
so there's big money involved I think I
think there's a rumor that this
Ukrainian guy funds the Atlantic Council
but what I found is that looked like
it'd been debunked because they list who
funds them that seems to be public
information and that Ukrainian building
in error is not funding them in any
direct way but if I've taught you
anything about Ukrainian billionaires
you don't have to fund things directly
if you've learned anything from hunter
Biden's example you don't have to
directly bribe any money you can find
somebody in the family who needs a good
job you could find a let's say a Clinton
Foundation they could use twenty five
million dollars or whatever we don't
know how much he gave you can find
something that they want that could
benefit from a lot of money so
now the question is since CrowdStrike
was the one that analyzed Clinton's
server on behalf of the FBI
so CrowdStrike does digital forensics to
find out who hacks things among other
things and one of the complaints about
that is that they they only gave the FBI
and image of the server instead of the
physical server or servers and a lot of
people on the right complain hey it's
clearly that's clearly bad now the
experts will say the image from the
server is what you want the physical
server is just going to say the same
thing it's the image is an exact copy of
what was on the server so anybody's
saying hey we don't have the physical
server probably doesn't understand how
servers work and how how images work
this would be the official I'm not this
is not my opinion this is what the
debunkers say now I have a question and
probably somebody even knows more than I
do can answer this if somebody gave you
an image from a server a physical server
and they took the digital image of it
and it's exact and they give it to
somebody let's say the FBI how does the
FBI know it's the exact image have you
ever wondered that is there any way to
know because if you take the image it's
just zeros and ones right and if I give
you a pile of zeros and ones how do you
know I didn't change any of the zeros
and ones is there any way to know that
it feels unknowable because and it feels
like you could make it look any way you
wanted now I'm not I'm not accusing
CrowdStrike of changing the mirror image
copy
I'm simply in fact that would be an
amazingly large legal risk for anybody
to take it's it stretches the
imagination that they would change it if
there were any chance of getting caught
but was there any chance of getting
caught
it's a fair question right
was there any chance of getting caught
if they did change it I don't know maybe
a hacker or somebody more technical can
tell me or maybe somebody in law
enforcement who has a better idea of
whenever so so has a checksum somebody
was saying so somebody's saying that if
there were any changes you would know
because a checksum means you the quick
explanation is there's an algorithm you
run against the data and it gets a
specific result so if any of the data is
changed and you run that algorithm on it
later you'll get a different output and
you'll say oh I don't know what got
changed but it's not the same anymore
because the algorithm gives me a
different response I think that's a good
explanation of the checksum I might have
oversimplified that or but that's the
basic idea so but here again when is the
checksum originally done and who did it
and does that give you an opportunity to
say oh yeah the checksum was great then
you change it or can you make a change
and still get the same checksum is there
any way to to fool the system I don't
know so a lot of questions but what we
do know is this we do know that an
organization that is has closed as close
connections with anti-russia
think-tank decided that Russia was the
hacker now I'm not saying they weren't
I'm just saying in what world do you
trust the anti-russian organization to
give you an independent opinion that it
was Russia behind it in any world does
that make sense so common sense tells
you that CrowdStrike
is the last company you would ever want
to be involved in looking into a hack
where one of the suspects is Russian how
often will CrowdStrike
look into an ambiguous situation and say
it wasn't Russia probably not that often
now here's a little interesting tidbit I
was not aware of maybe you can fact
check this on me I hope this is right so
when the big report was put together
using crud strikes information the CIA
and the FBI said they had high
confidence that it accurately identified
Russia as the cause of the hack
so there are three organizations CIA FBI
and NSA CIA and CIA clapper FBI Comey
had high confidence that Russia was
behind it the NSA with Admiral Mike
Rogers did not have high confidence and
he looked at the same stuff I assume
because they would all have clearance
right so they could all look at the same
information and NSA has only moderate
conference confidence what would you
call what's another name for moderate
confidence in something if you had
moderate confidence that something was
true what would be another way to say
that you don't know moderate confidence
means well I lean in this direction but
I'm just sort of leaning there I don't
know and then I guess Roger said in his
testimony he said he standard in a
Senate hearing this is Admiral Mike
Rogers director of the NSA that his
confidence did not reach to even this
threshold now that's something else is
writing why he said he is I wouldn't
call it a discrepancy I'd call it an
honest difference of opinion between
three different organizations and in the
end I made that call it didn't have the
same level of sourcing and the same
level of multiple sources in other words
one professional in this field and of
three said the evidence was not
conclusive he was looking at the same
evidence
- who said it was conclusive were part
of the coup I mean I the two who said it
was conclusive were literally part of
the ko so what sorry boos here so what
does that what does that do to your
confidence now what are the other pieces
of information is that it's widely
reported that the the data
listen was that the data from the
whistleblower or somebody so some data
that was transferred ability to
WikiLeaks was transferred so fast I had
to be an inside job a like a thumbdrive
but apparently that's debunked have you
heard that theory the theory that it had
to be an inside job
not outside hackers because the data
transmission speed was so fast that you
could only do that locally but
apparently that's been well debunked and
the the way that that was debunked my
cat has been missing me for a week so
she's all over me here so the way that
that was debunked is that apparently
people who know how this stuff is done
is that it would be common to hack one
computer on the inside at a slow speed
and then transfer from another server
onto the hacked server and then Sukkoth
had in that server so the thinking is
that the that there may be some place in
the process that was a local transfer
which would be at high speed but it was
still being a hacker the hacker would
just be moving it from one internal
server to another and then extracting it
which apparently is a common process so
the the thought that it was an inside
job and seth rich was behind it it seems
to be debunked at least in terms of
there was no other way it could have
been that high transfer speed apparently
that's just normal
there's nothing unusual about that high
transfer speed in a hacking situation so
let's put this all together
so the president asked Ukraine to look
into
CrowdStrike situation he the president
may have good information may have bad
information don't know yeah somebody
says William Binney says no but William
Binney is not a hacker if you talk to
the hackers the hackers will say others
an obvious reason it's because they just
transferred internally on the server all
right so I think you should probably
this is my opinion you know none of this
stuff could be a hundred percent I would
say if you still believe that the
internal transfer speed is somehow a
clue you should probably release on that
that doesn't seem like that's a credible
piece of information so the president's
asking about the Ukraine he I think he
believed or does believe that the
Ukrainians might be funding I don't know
the Atlantic Council but I don't think
that's true
based on their public information but
when you've got a billionaire involved
they have lots of ways to compensate
people indirectly so you can't rule
anything else so there's nothing in all
of this that tells me that there's
necessarily any kind of Ukrainian bad
things going on but what I can say is
that the CrowdStrike
analysis in my opinion lacks credibility
if it couldn't convince the head of the
NSA and this Atlantic Council clearly
has all the all the all the wrong
players in the same place or at least
they're associated with anti-russian
stuff there's no credibility to that so
I'm not going to say that I've just that
I found something wrong nor will I say
nor will I say that Russia wasn't the
idea I'm not going to say that I'm just
saying that the people who determined
Russia was behind it should be given no
credibility zero the the amount of
credibility should give them should be
zero because of the players involved you
would do that in any other case right do
if somebody's accused of murder do you
ask the murderer
hey murder did you do it no I didn't do
it oh good you're free free to go we
don't do that right because the person
who has the most interest in lying is
where you got the information from
alright enough on that I had another
point I wanted to make so just to make
things interesting there's a report that
Trump is considering attending Russia's
Victory Day Parade which would be a
military parade on May 9th I guess at
the coming year now first of all I don't
know if that's true but let's say it is
let's say the president is considering
he has not accepted but is considering
attending an event which basically would
be exalting Putin and Russia is that a
good idea let me remind you that
President Trump does not approach
foreign relations the way anybody else
does and by that I mean he does it the
smart way he does it a smart way that
only could work for him because there's
a special quality of this president that
others would not necessarily have so it
allows him to do things differently
because there's something about him and
here's the something about him don't you
believe that President Trump could be
completely friendly with you sincerely
actually like you and still screw you if
it made sense to do so don't you believe
that would you believe that Jimmy Carter
could be nice to you in person treat you
with respect
say you got a great country there you're
doing a great job and then turn around
and screw the person he was saying nice
things about probably not you wouldn't
really believe it if I came from Jimmy
Carter how about Obama do you think
Obama could praise somebody and then
screw them could he praise them and
screw them at the same time I don't
think so I think Obama would say you're
you know you're our enemy we're screwing
you you would want to be consistent I'm
screwing you and now I'm
talking with you and I'm talking to you
like I'm screwing you because I'm
screwing you that's what I'm doing or
screwing you so what president drum can
do and he says it explicitly it's now
like I'm guessing I'm not reading his
mind he said it numerous times as
directly as you can say it I'm going to
treat the the leaders with respect while
being as tough as I I need to be he's
doing it with China he did it with North
Korea he's doing it with yeah
what are your comments making me laugh
and now he's doing it with Russia and
he's telling us what he's doing he did
it what he's doing it with Saudi Arabia
so he has a process in which he will
make personal relationships with the
people we want to influence while
looking them right in the eye and saying
you know I'm squeezing your economy to
death you know let's go to lunch who
else could do that and by the way it's
the very best way to be if you're trying
to to convince somebody to go your way
you don't present yourself as a dick
because you're talking to people who
have egos and they run countries and
stuff and if you come across as a as a
demanding dick they're gonna react that
way because the way he reacts affects
how they react he's he is smart enough
to know that his mannerisms his approach
to everything he does will have a
personal and important effect on the
other leaders so he uses his personal
charisma at the same time he's
protections on you and sending sending
weapons to the Ukraine anything else he
has to do so I would say that where he
is that where Trump is being criticized
is in my opinion one of his biggest
strengths you know people ask me how can
I be supportive of this president with
all of his typos and tweets and his bad
words and stuff and I always say it's
because I thought I had
and I think I've been proved correct
that he would bring a set of tools to
the job that we've never seen before and
that every now and then you need a new
set of tools because there are some sets
of problems that you just haven't solved
with the old tools now maybe you don't
need a president Trump like personnel D
forever you know sometimes you bring in
the you bring in the hit man
sometimes you bring in the the
turnaround expert because the turnaround
expert for your company has a different
skill set than the steady-state person
sometimes the entrepreneur starts the
company but then you need to bring in a
you know somebody who's been a CEO to
get some stability so I always thought
that Trump had this kind of quality
which he could simply do stuff that
makes sense that other people can do
other people would never be able to look
Booton in the I genuinely like him and
this is the weird part I think Trump
actually genuinely likes some of these
people because in person he's quite
charismatic and I imagine they are too
so he doesn't have any problem with
genuinely liking them and screwing the
missus hard as he needs to because he
doesn't work for them he can like him
but they're still on the other team you
can like the players on the other team
and still try as hard as you can to beat
him that seems to be what he's doing so
would should Trump go to the May 9th
event I don't know you know he likes to
do stuff like this it would control the
do cycle everybody would complain but
would it be effective well let me frame
it for you
what's the biggest risk for the United
States going forward China
what would China hate more than anything
the United States and Russia becoming
allies that's what China would hate more
than anything because right now in China
and Russia have a pretty good
relationship I would say that if you're
trying to keep China in check you kind
of want to start developing a Russia
relationship because nothing would be
more powerful than Russia plus the
United States having
at least sometimes a unified opinion
should China cross any kind of a line it
feels to me like strategically right as
long as he's also putting the screws on
and now there's a conversation that I
think needs to be had with Putin and
probably with Xi but I don't know if I
would work with she might work with
Putin
so you're here would be the Putin
conversation this is what I would do if
I were a president Trump you know where
I had that job I would say to Putin all
right we got you know decades of poking
each other in the eye you poke us in the
eye we poke you in the eye you know
we've been doing it for decades can you
give me one example of when that was
good for either of us no no I mean maybe
in some small way some thing we never
heard of there might have been some
advantage gained but then the other gets
an advantage and it's just this mess now
imagine that compared to working
productively together how much better
off would Russia be if they just said
you know it doesn't make any sense that
we're at your you're at we're at your
throat we don't threaten you and we
don't want to have a war with the United
States it's literally the last thing we
want if you were to make a list of all
the things that Russia doesn't want the
thing they don't want the most there's a
nuclear war or war with the United
States which could turn nuclear probably
would so I think that one of the
strongest things as president could do
for the long-term future if you imagine
that China's influence will continue
growing which is a safe bet would be to
figure out how to work with Russia in a
way that we both understand that being
each other's enemy just doesn't have a
payoff
there's just no payoff in the old days I
think it made sense to try to you know
diminish the United States power because
there might be things that you want that
are in conflict with what the United
States wants but what are they you know
what
problem do we have with Russian making
money if Russia is not making money to
buy missiles to point at us which is the
place you want to get to is you're not
pointing missiles at each other if we're
not pointing missiles at each other do
we care if they have a warm water port
do we care if they pipeline do we care
if they sell stuff I think we'd be fine
with Russia being more prosperous so
anyway I think Putin and Trump are the
only two leaders of the respective
countries who could ever make this kind
of a deal which is how about we just
stop being enemies unless you have a
reason you know hey Putin do you have a
reason why we're still acting like
enemies can can you even remember why we
do this because I can't think of a
reason we should be allies because China
is the bigger risk for both of us so
there's that all right let's talk about
Bloomberg so I'm still on the side or
the prediction that Bloomberg will not
enter the race even if all the signs are
there I think you will not do it for
several reasons number one he couldn't
possibly win against Trump I doubt he
could get the nomination but he can't
possibly win against row number two he's
77 and that's part of why he can't win
and he you know he may not have an
appeal beyond the Northeast we don't
know but I I just think he may be
sending a signal to other Democrats that
they just need somebody better imagine
being the Democrats and you've gone this
far and you're so unconfident about your
own group of candidates the whole group
of them you have so little confidence in
them that you're willing to look at this
77 year old who will be 78 I guess
during the election and yeah and you
think that that's your vessel
yeah somebody says Bloomberg is honest
and Biden isn't you know that's probably
true what I there was a time when I
actually said in public that I thought
Bloomberg would be a good president that
time was when he was younger this is not
that time so you know blue Bergen is 60s
it was a pretty good package you know I
thought he was serious I think he really
just cares about the country not in it
for the money doesn't have any you know
ideological crazy stuff going on but but
I don't want an 80 plus year-old
president it doesn't matter who it is
and I don't think other people do all
right what else is going on let me make
a prediction for you okay here's a
prediction it's sort of a an if
prediction if it's true it's big here's
the if prediction that assuming though
the the top three candidates Biden Ward
and Sanders are just don't have a chance
of winning there could be a time between
now and the primaries being decided that
one of the lower ranked people will
float up now Buddha judge is the closest
he's got a good solid strong fourth
place going on there and I think third
place in some polls but you know you
also have Tulsi Gabbard and yes yeah etc
here's my people are yelling at me
because I never mentioned South rich
Seth wretch
Seth rich all right now conspiracy
theorists are you okay I said I said it
Seth rich now my personal opinion is I
doubt there's anything there you know
just because you don't know why he was
shot and you don't know why they didn't
take his wallet it isn't hard to figure
out why if somebody shot him because
they were crazy or is a mistaken
identity or they were planning to take
his wallet
and then you know a car car came by so
they ran away I mean you could think of
a million reasons why he'd get shot in
the street so I would say that the
evidence that he's leaker primarily is
Julian Assange indicating he was now it
is true I would say it is true that
Julian Assange unambiguously indicated
or wanted us to believe that he was the
leaker but my current thinking is that
doesn't mean it's true it could mean
that Julian Assange was trying to take
the attention away from whoever was the
leaker so I do not believe Julian
Assange but but it is unambiguously true
he did want us to believe it was seth
rich i just don't believe it
so that's my current thinking on that so
you can stop saying you can stop saying
anything about the sense rich now
because i'm not going to talk about it
again and probably block you if you just
obsess on it because it's too boring and
i don't want to talk about it so what
are we talking about oh so here's my if
prediction if either
tulsi gabbard or pete buddha judge
appear on my periscope they will be the
nominee yeah challenge accepted
I believe I could make either one of
them the nominee by appearing on this
periscope do you think so it wouldn't be
because they appeared on the periscope
it's because I could I could advise them
on the periscope until they became the
candidate and everybody wanted yeah I
I've hesitated to do this you know I've
I've wanted to have one of them on here
just because it would be fun it would be
entertaining it would be educational
it'd be great but I'm worried because I
think I could turn one of them into the
nominee
I didn't say Andrew yang because I
couldn't turn him into an omni he
doesn't doesn't quite have the the
breadth that the party is looking for
but either Buddha judge or Tulsi Gabbard
are perfectly electable people Tulsi
voted for impeachment she is dead to me
you know i you're not gonna get a
Democrat who agrees with you so you're
not the one voting for the Democrat
anyway so that would be the interesting
experiment so I put this out here Tulsi
you or beat Buddha judge appear on my
periscope and your odds of winning the
nomination will go way up if you're
seeing this or hearing this third hand
from somebody you have no idea why that
makes sense let me ask you how much of a
ridiculous boast am i making and how
much sounds to you like that could
actually happen I'd be interested in
your opinion
does that sound too too much is that an
over promise now I haven't heard from
Tull C's campaigned beyond when I
answered some questions so I was still
waiting for a get back on that no I
don't have a crush on anybody but thanks
for except for Christina all right
Harris you know I could probably turn
Harrison to the the nominee but I just
don't imagine her being able I can't
imagine her coming on my periscope after
I've been saying she's running the worst
campaign in the history of all campaigns
so I don't see that happening but if she
did I'll throw her in the mix I could
make caramel heiress the nominee I'll
bet I could do that
all right too much too much hype too
much all right that's the way I like to
be I like the fact that you don't think
that that's a reasonable thing for me to
see I kind of like that too much well
that's why it would be a fun challenge
could you fix Carla in an hour I can fix
her in a half of it I can fix her in
half an hour
I really could now whether she could
take that advice as a different
different assumption oh thank you you
saw beyond Greg Gutfeld I haven't
watched it in replay yet because I was
flying yesterday somebody says that my
persuasion can move two to three percent
but not twenty percent my persuasion
could move two percent for people who
didn't want to change their minds you
know over time you could work on people
who don't want to change the minds maybe
you get two percent but there are people
who don't mind changing their mind and
right now I think the Democrats are all
in that frame of mind because everybody
who has a specific candidate they like
know is that whoever the candidate is
they're gonna back so everybody in the
Democrats now are primed to be willing
to change their mind but only under the
condition that the other candidate is
more electable than whoever whoever
they're backing so under that condition
you're not people are not resisting the
persuasion they're actually open to
changing candidates because they know
they're going to most of them well most
of them will change candidates because
their candidate won't make it through
the primary so if you're perfect if
you're persuading a group that is ready
to be persuaded and willing completely
willing that's you can get a much higher
percentage than two percent Trump would
get mad at you woody I mean I can I can
help any one of them get the nomination
but none of them to have a chance of the
general
none of them have any chance in the
general election they're gonna get
stopped yeah and by the way I wouldn't
even offer this if I thought it would
make a difference in the final outcome
well I wouldn't worry about it because I
don't think any of them are gonna are
gonna agree to be on here but I'm just
saying it's a missed opportunity anyway
I will talk to you all later have a
great day