oh I just realized I started this 10
minutes
early but you're not going to mind are
you I looked at my clock
wrong but you don't mind at all no we're
going to start early
today because I've got a story to tell
you while we're waiting for the rest of
them so as some of you know I've had had
a little trouble with my my back
recently just you know muscle and
sciatica and stuff any normal stuff
and so I kept getting
recommended to get an inversion
table
so the there's two parts to this
story one part is if I ever told you
that I have this weird history of curing
people's medical
problems right I've told you that
before I cure a lot of people people's
medical problems sometimes accidentally
I mean here's one example uh I had a
tennis partner I used to play with every
week for years and one day he said oh I
have terrible allergies blah blah blah
and I said well do you try this uh over
the counter stuff
algra and he said what I said yeah you
just try this algra stuff and takes care
of your allergies he said are you
kidding and he tried I think he tried
the competitor to algra the other one
and uh after decades and Decades of just
complete suffering he said uh that
worked so I so I cured somebody of one
of their most vexing problems in their
entire life just by saying oh if you
tried
alra so since that time and because I
write books about how to do things I've
uh I hear back from people that they've
quit drinking probably hundreds of
people have stopped drinking now because
of something I said um maybe hundreds or
even thousands of people have lost
incredible amounts of weight because
they used a system instead of a goal um
I've helped cure people of spasmodic
dysphonia the problem I had with my
voice similar to what RFK Jr has because
I informed people that there was one
doctor at least that could cure it with
surgery with which is why you can hear
me now and uh also worked with shy
bladder and a number of other things so
you've heard most of the stories so by
weird
coincidence I have in fact cured people
of oh even uh OCD I cured
somebody with a
reframe I've cured people of depression
with reframes now none of this is plann
it's not like I started my life and said
you know what I would like to figure out
how to cure a bunch of people in random
ways but part of my story it's a
two-parter is that I cured somebody I
think of a back problem not just me
here's how I did it I went to Amazon to
buy one of those inversion tables the
thing that turns you upside down so it
stretches you back and uh I I hit the
buy button and I realized oh I've got
the wrong address on there
and so I immediately cancel it because
it was an address for a family member
and I cancel it and I redo it to my
correct address well too late I
discovered that it initiated both sales
so even though I had canceled it for
reasons I don't quite understand they
delivered it anyway to some other
address so I get a call hey I've got
this thing came to the wrong address
must be
yours and and and I thought well I could
return
it but you know it's somewhere in
another part of the state maybe somebody
needs it so I said do do you know
anybody wants
it and uh said person looked around and
uh found that there was somebody in the
network who had a back problem and was
looking for one so I said ah could have
it for I don't know 20 cents at a dollar
or something so I uh gave them a
inverter table now I put together my own
because my own came to my house and sure
enough really makes you your back feel
better so it works so I've accidentally
by pushing the wrong button on Amazon
cured A stranger's back problem somebody
will never
meet because I know it works and you
know it's kind of expensive it's like
$500 I don't know if anybody would just
sort of try it on their own but if you
get one for
$100 and somebody did so somebody's got
a good back who may be thanking me in
Southern California but here's the funny
part so I get my own uh my own inverted
table and I'm getting ready to assemble
it and the first thing I realized is
that there are many many parts to the
assembly and it's all going to be this
stuff that's awkward to hold and you
need three hands you know like have to
hold the thing while you're putting
three screws in that don't go quite
through the holes the right way and you
know you need to you have to have at
least six ends so I said to myself
there's no way I'm going to assemble
that without hurting my
back and sure enough it's really hard on
your back to assemble that freaking
thing so by the time I was done I was
like ah ah I I can't believe I have to
twist myself in pretzels to put this
thing together but I get it together now
the other thing you need to know is that
when I assemble anything or do any kind
of Home
Improvement I can usually get it done
meaning that if I apply enough you know
Brew force and mental power I you I can
figure things out I don't like to so
that's where people get me wrong it's
not that I can't figure out how to do
stuff around the house I just don't want
to and one of the reasons I don't want
to is that um I have one of these themes
in life that when I do any kind of Home
Improvement eventually I'm going to need
a tourniquet or something to stop the
bleeding so sure
enough my part of my arm looks like
Beirut now for a large part of the
device fell on my hand and just or on my
arm just the right way to rip the top
layer of Flesh off and expose me to
bleeding that lasted about a
day so when I try to improve my health I
tell you it's it's a struggle I know I'm
going to need a tourniquet I knew I was
going to hurt my back and I had to buy
two of them to get one so
that that's what it took however here's
the good
news I think it worked between not
sleeping on my bed anymore I had to get
rid of my bed I mean in terms of
sleeping on it so I I spent 4 days
sleeping on a massage table cuz it's
firm so I just had a temporary massage
table setup and uh between that and the
the inversion table and this little back
warmer I got on now I have never felt
better after 30 years of back problems
solved so this is a good news story the
golden age has begun with my back
feeling better than it's felt in
probably 25 years so there's that
I would like to read you the uh the
wakeup quote of the day this is from
zubie you shall all be following zubie
on X I think you all many of you know
zubie listen to this one sentence and
see if this doesn't wake you up all
right it can't be mere accident that
schools and universities don't teach
kids about nutrition and
money
ouch oh my God
does that hit hard today it can't be an
accident the schools and universities
don't teach kids about nutrition and
money holy because that's how they
feed us garbage and it's how they steal
your money if you understood money and
nutrition nothing would look the way it
looks your your health would be
different your finances would be
different I don't know this this s me
like a ton of bricks that that that
there might be a reason that they don't
teach
this now I don't think that they had a
meeting and decided don't teach this I
think that just the incentive system was
subtly
subtly against informing people how
things work because there's you know
trillions of dollars to be made as PE as
long as the public doesn't understand
how anything happens wow zubie with the
win uh as an ex account called
infographics notes that uh the
researchers lately are really crushing
it for example CNN's reporting that uh
there's a new study that uh the more
active you are it'll extend your life
expectancy did anybody know that
exercise is good for your
health apparently it is exercise is good
for your health and your
longevity um and the not to be undone
the bmj group did a study in said that
uh the people over 40 would live five
extra years if they were as active as
the top 20% huh so not only is exercise
good for you but the people who do more
of it get more benefit for well I don't
know how they would have known that
without studying it or or you could have
just asked Scott would have saved you a
lot of money yes exercise still good for
you nothing changed since the last
time meanwhile University of Washington
is developing these cool headphones
using AI I guess to create what they
call a sound
bubble now this is like a way cooler
idea than you think it is so right now
you probably have um you probably have
some noise cancelling headphones such as
these but it cancels all the noise so if
somebody wants to talk to you you can't
hear them too well
as well as the other noise and it's not
perfect either but they've developed
some kind of headphones where you could
hear voice if the voice is close to you
in other words if somebody wanted to
walk up you while you're listening to
your headphones and they just talk to
you in a normal voice you would hear it
in a normal voice is that cool it's like
the smallest the smallest
invention but you automatically you can
see how it would change your experience
it's like oh I hate taking my headphones
off oh I hate not knowing if somebody
can hear me
but it will make things different in the
gym do you know what is the greatest
thing for Women's Health it's earbuds do
you know why because then women can go
to the gym and be in don't talk to me
mode and it's harder for guys to
approach them because if you have to go
up and say Hey you signal them hey do
you mind do you mind I'm a complete
stranger I want to make conversation but
maybe you could stop listening to
whatever you're doing and take out your
your earbuds or your your headphones
like that's a hard one I've seen people
do it by the way I've seen people
strangers asking other people to take
their headphones out so they can chat
but it's harder it's much harder so
headphones make women safe in gyms it's
good for their health I'm glad you asked
me did you know that stress can scramble
your brain so badly it changes your
memories according to study finds so so
the more stress you have the less
successful your memory is but not only
does it not remember well it can
actually give you a false
memory now let's tie that into the
headlines you ready for this yeah this
is science that
matters if fear makes uh makes your
memory
worse do you think that fear could also
make you more likely to believe a hoax
I suspect yes because if fear makes it
difficult to accurately remember a real
thing it wouldn't be a big
stretch to imagine that fear could make
you believe a hoax for example if I
could make you really afraid of trump
could I then easily make you believe
that he said something positive about
Hitler yes I could because I've scared
you into a fake BAS basically a fake
memory of what Trump is and what he's
done so far if you can if I can get your
fake memory about what he's done so far
it's easy to introduce a new hoax
because you'll say well that's exactly
what I was expecting from somebody who
did these things that didn't really
happen so watch out for fear persuasion
because it can change your memories as
well I
think I've been telling you for a long
time that the most powerful technology
in the future will be
holes like literally just holes in the
ground and you see it a little bit with
the boring company you know maybe it's
going to help
Transportation by allowing you to use
tunnels to get to places I don't know
about that but I was always thinking
geothermal but here's something I found
out that is just another sign of the
golden age I thought that geothermal
power was really pretty much just
drilling a deep hole until you got to
some hot water
and then once you got to some hot water
you could turn it into energy because
you can turn heat into energy or yeah
basically heat into energy well heat is
energy you know what I mean you can turn
it into productive energy um but it
turns out that according to article in
nature there are a bunch of new and
Innovative geothermal techniques that do
not depend on finding hot water so you
can just go down deep enough that it's
hot with or without the water so you
just have to go so down it's hot but you
can even create I think I have this
right a U-shaped tunnel or a U-shaped
hole and if you if it's u-shaped you can
pump your own water into it it becomes
super heated because it's so far down in
the earth and then when you pump it up
the other side heated water so you get
your energy for free even if you didn't
have a source water at the bottom of it
now that's one of them there's another
one where they they drill more sideways
than down and somehow that gives them
some Advantage but the point is there
are several now geothermal alternative
methods one is like fracking so there's
the standard there's the fracking
there's a U-shaped at least one other
and geothermal is almost
unlimited so all we have to do is figure
out sort of incrementally by trial and
error which ones of these works better
and tweak it a little bit and it could
be that geothermal is the biggest energy
of the future that would totally be
possible because nuclear is always going
to be dangerous you know with its own
well it'll always feel dangerous and
take a long time and be
expensive uh Elon Musk says that solar
will be the main source of energy in the
future I say that's true if we get our
battery storage right and our grid right
all you'd have to do is put solar on
every roof and you have energy
everywhere you just need to be able to
use it locally right now we don't have
the grid to do that but it's getting
there well speaking of U musk uh on CNBC
Ron Baron who's a famous investor kind
of guy was talking about Tesla stock and
he says that the stock price now of
Tesla is about the same as was three
years
ago and he says uh he thinks it's going
to be worth $5 trillion in 10
years $5
trillion we we do have a few trillion
dollar companies like one trillion just
recently but five trillion in 10 years
and then that's just the first part I'm
not done yet right that's what the
investor thinks he says Elon believes uh
that uh that even longer term it could
be 30 trillion he thinks the robot is
going to be his biggest business ever
and then Ron Baron ends with no way I'm
selling
Tesla now uh I own Tesla
stock so that's my full disclosure so
don't buy any stocks or do any
Investments because of something you
heard on this show right it might sound
like a good idea but I assure you I'm
not that good at investing that you
should follow my lead I'll tell you what
I'm doing because it's part of of
disclosure and it's also part of how you
think about it so if I tell you
something it's because it's more about
teaching you some concept of of
investing for example I have a the the
smaller part of my portfolio has some
Bitcoin and some Nvidia and some Tesla
stock because those are three things
that could go through the solar system I
mean that they could go so high it' be
crazy but I wouldn't put 90% of my money
in those
things so so there's your there's your
Finance lesson you want most of your
money to be in things that you think are
are Diversified and are going to be fine
like the index index of the Fortune 500
for
example and but you might want you might
want a good solid 10 to 20% in a little
basket of things that if any one of them
went big it would go so big you couldn't
even believe it you that's what Nvidia
and Tesla and Bitcoin all have in common
if they go if they go big and they're
Aller already pretty big uh there's
almost no limit it's just an almost an
uncapped potential you don't see that
that's not something you're going to see
if you invest in cocacola or even Apple
computer so yeah these are really really
special kinds of things I also have a
investment in
a uh I think it's
the nlr it's a index of nuclear power
Technologies and companies that one I
don't know how fast it'll grow but I
like the idea of it um anyway again I
don't recommend these stocks these are
not recommendations these are
lessons
um let's see apparently major companies
are returning to advertise on X so IBM
Disney Comcast Warner Brothers Discovery
and uh Elon is thank them all so
apparently the the fact that X is just
an excellent place to advertise compared
to the Alternatives apparently because
one assumes that they wouldn't be coming
back unless advertising they're worked I
think bang for the buck is probably
among the best places to advertise I
would guess I'm no expert but I'll bet
that's
true
um now I told you that uh solar might be
the new power of the future but only if
you can store it in batteries and which
means you probably need more lithium for
your robots and your cars and all that
well according to new Atlas there's some
new research at Rice University where
they can grab uh almost all of the
lithium from geothermal sources oh
geothermal again so apparently
geothermal that has brine in it salt
brine has has a a lot of lithium in it
and they figured out some uh new
technology to get it out of there oh it
looks like they built a three-chambered
reactor that has a newly developed
lithium ion conducted glass ceramic
membrane so it looks like they're using
some kind of a filter to just sort of
filter it down electronically and
otherwise so these are small
Technologies but if any one of these
makes lithium really cheap Everything
Changes imagine if the cost of lithium
just went down 90% because somebody
built a better filter to take it out of
the take it out of the ground that's the
sort of thing that could happen like
just you wake up one day and lithium is
90% less Could
Happen
um scitech Del says there's some weight
breakthrough they found some natural
compound in your body if they give you a
little bit more of it you're not hungry
I guess fects how your brain registers
hunger so Baylor College of Medicine the
Stanford University School of Medicine
and their collaborators came up with
that will that work I don't
know but but there's a there's a lot
going on you know if the biggest health
problem in the country is being
overweight there's a lot going on that's
going to help push that in the other
direction and one of them might be this
it would be be a competitor to OIC I
guess but uh if it works
great well here's a weird little story
that doesn't make sense that in context
so Russia is going to restrict enrich
uranium exports to the United States now
it's sort of a response to some
restrictions that are being put on
Russian
trade uh but it's also not that big a
deal so it's sort of like why are they
even doing it it's not it's not going to
hurt us that much it's not big a deal
but it sounds like it's kind of
important because it's you know it's
uranium and they're one of the biggest
sources we're not really going to run
out of uranium but why why would Putin
even throw this little uh little deal
into the mix well I have a
hypothesis and it goes like this I
believe that everybody is waiting for
jump and they're waiting for the big dog
to settle all the little fights with
little dogs the biggest fight is Ukraine
and Russia um situation and if Putin is
as smart as I think he is and he's
definitely as smart as I think he is
strategically he can play some chess you
know what I mean like I I I've never
heard a story of whether Vladimir Putin
or yeah whether he plays chess or not
but I assume he does and I just have a
feeling he'd be good at it you know like
strategically even if you think he's an
evil monster he's pretty good
strategically um here's why I think he's
throwing this in the mix I don't think
it's just a tit fortat that we do a
little trade restriction so he does a
little trade restriction I think it's
smarter than that I think that both
Trump and Putin are the two smart
negotiators who could figure out the
following thing
if you make it just about the Ukraine
Russia War you're
idiots you're
idiots all
right let me say that again if if Putin
and uh and Trump negotiate the end of
the of course zinsky negotiate the end
of the Ukraine war and they limit the
discussion to the end of the Ukraine war
they're idiots now you know what they're
not not idiots here's the good news the
good news is they're both really good at
negotiating so you know what they're
going to do they're going to throw in
all this other stuff and they should
that's how you get the deal the deal is
you throw the extra stuff in there
because you're like oh I don't know we
don't we're not getting enough out of
this Ukraine stopping fighting thing
but wouldn't you guys like to have a
better source of
uranium because you're going to need it
for all the AI and the nuclear power
plants and we say you know we would
actually we would like that then Russia
would say you know what we'd like a
little less tightening on some of this
other trade over here and we'd say you
know what we we'll give you that so if
Trump and Putin figure out how to throw
more stuff in it I think there'll be
maybe a there could be a nuclear weapons
testing
treaty there could be um something about
you know uh China I think that would be
a long shot but I've noticed that uh
Russia is playing the Joe Mansion um
strategy so Joe Mansion he was one of
those few Senators who could go either
way and uh so because he could go with
way he had all the power it seemed like
because he could vote as a Democrat or
he could vote with the Republicans and
everything was so close that it would
end up being well looks like it's down
to Joe Mansion again so what Putin has
done which I think again is clever is
he's put himself right between the
United States and
China so Russia as a military or
economic power is Tiny compared to other
either the United States or China but if
you Joe Mansion it and you go right in
the
middle you have all this weird power so
that's what he's done he became the Joe
Mansion of countries it's like well I I
could agree with China on
this what do you have to offer oh I
could agree with you too so it's kind of
brilliant where Putin's stationed
himself so that also gives him something
to negotiate so if Trump says to him in
some form you know what we'd really like
is we'd really like Russia to be more
let's say friendly with the United
States and less friendly with China
that's something that Putin has to
negotiate now he created an asset out of
nothing that's that's Trump style Trump
is the expert of creating an asset out
of nothing so he can negotiate it away
later like like Mexico is going to pay
for the wall he just creates that out of
nothing and it's something he can give
up and it feels like he he met in the
middle all right
um there are still believe it or not
some voting irregularities that are
being looked into uh in Oregon there's a
House of Representatives Tracy Cramer
who was ahead by 500 votes and then
there was a new dump of votes and guess
what she lost by one
vote she was AE by 500 and
coincidentally the new batch of votes
was exactly the right number to make her
lose by one so clearly there's going to
be some some challenges there now does
that mean that it's
rigged well there's no proof of that
does it look exactly like it's
rigged well
yeah it looks exactly like it's rigged
but that doesn't mean it is we're we're
in a weird place where you have to you
have to challenge everything um I would
certainly challenge this one you know
you you can't do something that looks
this rigged and then just walk away I
mean you're going to have to dig it look
under the hood on this one uh meanwhile
over in Bucks County according to bre
bar news uh there are ballots missing
and there's a lot of problems over in
Bucks County so it does seem that uh
there are at least three situations that
are ongoing where the vote counting is
in question
it doesn't make you feel too comfortable
does
it well if you haven't seen the clip of
Bill Maher dumping on Democrats that was
produced I guess last night on his show
oh you have to watch it because you know
I always talk about Bill Mah being you
know willing to criticize the Democrats
as well as the Republicans and I do
appreciate that that's good stuff he's
got TDS of course but outside of the
narrow cone of TDS he is very very good
compared to most people in being able to
see the whole field very rare for any of
the public figures to even even be able
to do that
so here's what he said I'll just
paraphrase a few things um he did
suggest that Democrats thinking that
Republicans are the dumb ones might be
might be just the
opposite so I I don't think it's true
that either one is the dumb one
but he's definitely going to debunk the
idea that the Democrats are the Smart
Ones and the Republicans are the dumb
ones so he's definitely off that train
right now and he's very off it like he's
he's completely off Democrat smart
Republicans dumb he he's abandoned that
completely it's just not there's just no
evidence for it and he's just watched
Democrats be so dumb that you can't even
believe it so he's he's abandoning
Republicans dumb now that's kind of a
big deal do you realize how big a deal
that is because Republicans be dumb is
pretty much The Stereotype that the
country has been operating under you
know the anti-republican part of the
country and I think that bill isn't the
only one who might be abandoning that
idea anyway so he also said uh maybe
Democrats would be better if they would
maybe stop acting like the people that
voters would want to punch in the face
okay that's just a perfect line that is
a perfect Line stop acting in a way that
makes everybody want to punch you in the
face now I of course am against violence
but as a a humorous way to express
things that fits when I watch
MSNBC I have to actively curb my my
feeling of punching the television cuz
their faces all look punchable that and
I talk about this all the time their
their facial expression doesn't match
what they
say in such a you know uh uncanny valley
kind of a way you don't even know what
you're seeing are they lying are they
crazy are they demented they have bad
information and you're just trying to
figure it out like why does the face not
match the words and what am I watching
so yes uh even Bill Maher has noticed
that his side has the most punchable
faces I I think that
probably you know maybe that changes
over time there may be times when the
Republicans have more punchable faces
but at the moment I think the Democrats
have the uh I think they've got that
locked
up he Bill M also goes the Democrats he
says the Democrats have an anti-common
sense
agenda yes yes
yes how about maybe that's the whole
story maybe that's the whole story that
that the policies don't even look like
they make sense it's not like you're
choosing among well that's a good idea
but you know that's a good idea too H
which of these two good ideas is
slightly better it's nothing like that
there's one bad crazy and one that
might work and it might not it's it's
not like you're comparing you know
equals
um and he also criticized the Democrats
for their quote shitty exclusionary
attitudes
yes um so so he's doing great and and
I'm like yes bill go bill go Bill I'm
like rooting for him I I'm feeling like
he's really he's crossed into some like
higher level of awareness which is you
know it's what I say when people agree
with
me so since it's me talking I get to set
the level of awareness in my own little
subjective world so when I see him talk
like this I'm like wow Bill you've
you've you've you've commanded your TDS
and you've recognized that the things
that the Democrats say are not sensible
in many many times and that they're
they're lying to you and they're not the
Smart Ones and then he ended by saying
that uh he that the Democrats didn't
even do much oh he ended by saying that
because are so bad at their
politics that the things he cares about
the most that Democrats can protect the
best are not being served so here are
the two things after Bill M criticizes
the Democrats for being idiots he says
the two things he cares about the most
were number one losing democracy and
number two climate
change okay Bill you just lost all of
your credibility
losing your
democracy what who told you you going to
lose some democracy the Democrats the
people you said are idiots with the
punchable faces just made up a thing
that you're going to lose your democracy
completely made up you know I mean they
they look to January 6 but you know most
of that's imaginary as well so they've
got this madeup thing and after Bill M
criticizes them about being idiots
he tells you that he's really worried
about losing his
democracy because the country elected in
a land Slide the person who would most
protect their freedom of speech their
gun rights and pretty much all their
other
rights yeah and that's what he's worried
about losing his
democracy and then he said climate
change
now as you know I don't know if climate
change is caused by people or how much
of it is caused by people a little bit I
don't know if it's going to be dangerous
or not dangerous what I'm sure of is
that nobody else knows either that's the
only part I'm sure of so after going
through this whole thing about how dumb
the Democrats are and even criticizing
them specifically for being bad on
science because he criticized them about
the pandemic and about mask wearing two
years later so he's very specifically
saying the Democrat get science
wrong and they says climate change is
his biggest concern besides losing his
democracy Now do you see
it do you see that it looked like he was
all the way out of his TDS but in fact
he's all the way in the two things he
cares about aren't even real they're not
even
real so anyway he's almost
there here here my favorite dumb
Democrat thing so um is it Eli or Ellie
Mell who appears on MSNBC a lot and he
said that uh so this is the Democrats
figuring out what they did wrong and
then correcting it all right so this is
uh msnbc's one of their regulars
figuring out what they did wrong and
then here's his suggestion for
correcting
it he says liberal need to build their
own Joe
Rogan oh
oh do you see any pattern here the
pattern where the the anti-trump people
don't know how anything
works like anything now it's not so bad
that they don't understand that a large
complex model for predicting the
temperature of the Earth in 80 years
isn't real I can see how they'd be
fooled by it because a lot of people are
fooled by that
but sometimes they're easy things like
if you create a set of
incentives that will cause people to
move toward the incentive and
somehow that part's invisible to
Democrats but here's my favorite
one how do you build a Joe
Rogan I'm gonna I'm going to make a
little uh
confession if I knew how to be Joe
Rogan I would have done it by
now if anybody else in the whole
Universe knew how to be Joe
Rogan they would have done it by
now now every now and then there's a
superstar that emerges you know Megan
Kelly good example um but she wasn't
trying to be Joe Rogan do you know who
she was trying to be Megan Kelly nailed
it nailed it um and I could mention you
know pbd pbd great production great
guests great uh great show
um you can't create
that you can't build that these happen
organically or they don't happen at all
and here's the hard part does does
anybody know why Joe Rogan is uh is
popular well you know they he he does
everything right so it's it's sort of
everything but if I were to pick one
thing it's that he has common sense and
he's an ordinary person who's doesn't
have any mental illness that is
identifiable like he's just common sense
so that's what makes him so
appealing when when anybody watches it
like you don't have to agree with his
love of eating elk I don't I don't eat
elk so I don't have to bond with him I
don't do I don't have any hobbies in
common with them I don't like Ice uh I
don't want to do an ice plunge I don't
want to go hunting I don't want to
grill I don't want to do any UFC
fighting but I love the fact that he
loves it and that when he talks about it
it's you know like a regular person and
I learn things so you can't make a Joe
Rogan a Joe Rogan is
born and then a whole bunch of things
have to happen just right and then bam
you turn around one day and there's a
Joe Rogan well I mean Joe Rogan works at
it for 10 years before he's Joe Rogan
but to imagine the the Democrats think
they can just build
one let's just build ourselves at Joe
Rogan it's like not understanding how
anything works in the actual real world
it's just
amazing well my uh relative Eric Adams
Mayer of New York City no we're not
actually related but we have the same
last name um Eric Adams I keep having
this love hate sort of reaction to him
because he's he's a super Common Sense
guy he's a Democrat so so I'm all ready
to disagree with him on a bunch of stuff
but then when he talks he starts making
sense it's like oh the migration thing
is out of control and I'm like well wait
a minute you're a Democrat oh okay just
common sense and so he's on The View and
uh talking about what the Democrats got
wrong and he said uh that when people
talk to him they're talking about prices
basically what they can afford he says
quote they are not talking about Hiller
they're talking about
housing they're not asking me Eric tell
me about fascism they're talking about
finance and I'm
thinking watching Eric
Adams uh the a common sense kind of guy
tell the Democrats that the whole
stealing your democracy Hitler fascist
thing doesn't connect with anybody
because we're we're just not registering
it as real if it were real it would
definitely work but we don't really
register as real it just sounds like
something that weirdos are saying
so let me do an Abrupt left turn here's
one he didn't see coming okay so I just
told you that you cannot make a Joe
Rogan you can't just say hey I'll decide
to make a Joe Rogan we need one of
those the Democrats already have one if
they can keep him out of jail Eric Adams
would be a great
podcaster right if Eric Adams get get
out of politics and he's got some legal
problems which could be you know bigger
than I think but if he doesn't have if
he gets out of his legal problem somehow
and he gets on of politics could he have
a podcast that would make you interested
yes I would watch his podcast do you
know why because like Joe Rogan he says
Common Sense things which are on point
makes sense to me and you know I can
relate to
them yes but here's the thing you could
not create an Eric Adams Eric Adams had
to create himself so he exists you could
take the you could take the opportunity
that he's created but the problem is he
doesn't agree with all your Democrat
 so the Democrats can't use a
common sense guy because it wouldn't
agree with their
policies but yes Eric Adams could have a
huge podcast he he has all the tools
he's great on
camera uh love the way he thinks and he
he has a way of talking that connects
with people you know Everyday People
same as Joe Rogen so they have one it's
just that if if you want somebody who
talks common sense like Joe Rogan it's
not going to work out for your
brand it doesn't work
out well uh VI I'm saying something that
many of us are thinking he said on a
post on X it took a band of small
government revolutionaries to start this
country it'll take a band of small
govern government revolutionaries to
save
it
yes yes yes
yes it's funny how much all of us felt
this thing now I tried to come up with a
phrase for it early on you've heard Greg
use it as well Greg geld but uh number
of people who used it the the pirate
ship analogy that it seemed like Trump
um has always been able to do this he
you know he used to Trump used to be
best friends with uh Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson lived in his building
they they would hang out like he he was
a guy who could be friends with anybody
so from any Walk of Life and uh he has
that ability to just relate to everybody
McDonald's garbage truck everything so
it's no surprise that Trump could
attract a pirate ship full of people but
then I saw one of the actors from The
Avengers say that he was assembling The
Avengers and I said oh that's pretty
good too I can feel that a whole bunch
of completely different people with
superpowers you know elon's got his
superpower and V's got his superpower
and JD Vance and you know basically
bunch of
Avengers uh but I also like the
refounding idea that V is talking about
here that weirdly these characters map
so to the founders that it's it's just
hard to ignore it just is the same
energy and it makes you wonder if if
there isn't some kind of natural
balancing thing in our DNA or in our
culture or in the world or in our
simulation or in physics or something
where we get to this point where the
entire civilization looks like it's
coming off the rails and then suddenly
there's this feeling
that's like a
feeling that's like do we have a pirate
ship that just formed did The Avengers
just
assemble did the founders just come back
alive you know through reincarnation or
something but whatever this is I can
feel the hell out of it and I'm hearing
a lot of other people say the same you
can feel this whatever this is it's the
right people at the right time doing the
right stuff
in in a big big way and wow it's
incredible and now Senator Bernie
Sanders announced that he'd work with
Trump he would work with Trump on the
credit card interest rate cap at 10% now
I don't know for sure if capping it at
10% is the right answer some of you are
going to say but but Scott if you cap
the interest rate then there will be
much less interest offered to the public
because some credit card companies won't
be able to make it so they'll close down
and Etc to which I say and yeah but but
fewer people would be able to get a
credit card
Scott
and
and where's the problem there if the
only people who are not getting credit
cards are the ones with bad credit are
we worse
off would this not uh create some
discipline among the credit card
companies themselves to either get in
business or figure out how to operate
where 10% is enough because 10% is
enough everywhere else everywhere else
10% is enough now they might have to be
much tougher about who they give credit
to but isn't that good that there's not
a bunch of why why am I paying for all
those people with bad credit like why is
that why is that for me to pay because
somebody else has baded credit that's
how it works right they've got to
overcharge the people with good credit
to pay for the bad people with bad
credit so if you can put Bernie Sanders
and Trump on the same pirate
ship something's going
right now uh let me say clearly I
haven't looked into the price cap
argument on both sides yet so there
might be an argument against it I just
haven't heard
it um meanwhile the New York Post says
that the world bank is fearing budget
cuts from Trump
uh and this is after reportedly the
World Bank lost $24 billion that they
don't know where it went and that
they're quote running around like
headless
chickens okay once again do you see the
pattern the the world is sorting itself
out just because Trump was
elected so people are making changes
that they should have already made and
they're they're like winding down the
dumbest stuff just because he's
close this is the most dad's coming home
thing you've ever seen in your life it's
like kids you better settle down because
Dad's coming home in 10 minutes it's the
he's coming home in 10 minutes solved
20% of the nation's problems like what
the hell is he going to do when he gets
an office if 20% of our problems just
solve themselves he's got he's got
Bernie joint joining
aside meanwhile Stephen King says he's
quitting X some people said he didn't
quit yet but he claims there's an the
atmosphere has just become too toxic
breitbard news is reporting this now uh
do you think that Stephen King had
anything to do with the toxic nature of
the conversations he was
in he he he might literally be in the
dictionary under toxic you like toxic
let's see to to tox oh there's Stephen
King um but don't you
wonder if he was ever
organic do do you wonder if Stephen King
just made his own decisions about
waiting into politics or or didn't it
feel like he was just working for a
paycheck now I'm not saying he was
working for a paycheck it's just that if
you observed
he was somebody who was creating nothing
good of value he was just making himself
less Popular by making half the country
hate hate his books because of his
politics why was he even involved in the
first place doesn't it feel like there
was some external force that might have
been behind it like I don't know what
but it just doesn't feel organic and
what about uh well some of the other
some of the other prominent um voices I
think you're going to see disappear
too uh meanwhile according to the Daily
wire Virginia crout is writing that uh
Anna Navaro on The
View uh called on Biden to give pardons
preemptively to people like U Hunter
Biden and um let's see who else she
wants to preemptive pardon for vice
president
Harris why does she need a preemptive
pardon so she's worried about lawfare
right did conl Harris break a law that I
don't know
about has anybody alleged that KL Harris
broke a
law did I miss a story why why does Anna
dvaro think that she would need a
pardon did she do something we don't
know about sort of raises a question
doesn't it um now I know what she's
trying to do to say that she thinks that
Trump's going to go after all the his uh
adversaries but KL Harris is not an
adversary she is a thoroughly beaten
irrelevant figure that the longer she's
around the better it makes Trump look KL
Harris has less to worry about from
Trump than she does from I don't know
mosquito bite or something the the last
thing Trump's going to do is double down
on dunking on the most defeated
candidate in the history of defeated
candidates so no he's
safe um she also thinks the January 6
committee members oh here we go like Liz
jany and Adam kininger and maybe even
the special prosecutor Jack Smith should
get preemptive pardons well I would tell
you as others have said that that would
make all of these people look super
guilty if you give a preemptive pardon
to anybody I'm going to assume they're
guilty because
otherwise why'd you need that
um and I do think the January 6
committee have
done um enough that the public can see
looks sketchy and frankly
illegal
that to me that's the edge
case um I don't want Trump to do
anything that's just pure lawfare if he
went after kamla Harris and I've not
heard of any anything even an alleged
crime but if he like started digging
into some I wouldn't be in favor of that
but if you talk about the j6 committee I
think they destroyed the whole
country for four years and I think they
knew they did it I think they knew they
were lying and I think that what they
did was one of the greatest crimes I've
ever seen committed in public and I
think they need to answer for it I think
there needs to be accountability now did
they break a law I don't know if they
didn't then I certainly don't want them
to go to to jail or even be charged if
there's no law that's even you know
allegedly broken but yes there is
something very very bad that was done by
some very specific people right in front
of us and I don't think we can Overlook
that but again if there's no crime
there's no crime got to walk
away anyway uh Trump has appointed a new
press secretary her name is Caroline lit
or Lev I guess how would you pronounce l
e a v i TT leave it or L
it because this will matter to the joke
I'm about to make I'm preparing a dad
joke in my mind it's very amusing but it
will depend on you telling me which way
to pronounce your name because one
way oh damn it some people are saying is
levit
damn it that's not going to be nearly as
funny well can I can I give you a
recreational joke that would have been a
lot funnier if her pre if her last name
were pronounced leave it she would be
the press secretary for
the uh the deporter in Chief the guy who
ran for office promising to deport 20
million people and he would and he would
have as his spokesperson
somebody named L
it now that would have been funny except
her name is
levit well that's no good come on
simulation you're so close to having a
good good match there I'm going to call
her leave
it yeah believe it that's what I say to
Snickers well you've seen a bunch of uh
Democrats complain about RFK Jr and all
of the terrible terrible things he going
to do when he gets power over our Pharma
and medical
situation um but have you noticed
anything about the
complaints have you noticed that the
complaints about RFK Jr all have
something in common what what is it that
all the complaints about RFK Jr have in
common let's see if you can spot it what
what do all the criticisms about him for
this job specific Al for this job what
do they have in
common they're all made
up they're all
imaginary like every one of them like
not some not some every single one of
them is made up I don't think I've ever
seen anything like it he he's getting
the full Trump treatment where they have
to completely make up stuff and act like
they're really trying to sell it with
their
faces so they they say stuff like uh he
wants to stop
vaccinations no he
doesn't no he doesn't he wants better
science so that we know whether we're
doing a good job what who doesn't want
better science they're saying he wants
to end
pesticides does
he no but I'm sure he wants to study it
and make sure that we know what's safe
and what isn't and if that meant Banning
some pesticides because we learned more
and the science was solid we would be
all very happy if he did that why is
that a
criticism he's not going to do it if
there's no
data uh he he says uh oh then then they
criticize him for not being a doctor I
don't really feel like that would have
helped us do you think the doctors are
the right people to get this done no I
think somebody who has no fear
whatsoever of anything physical or
embarrassment or anything else and
somebody who's been deeply into it um as
he has for years is exactly the right
person he wants more testing and more
science so the guy who wants more
science and is insisting on more science
and and insisting on the good
kind is being criticized by the
Democrats for being
anti-science you can't get further from
the truth that the guy who wants the
most science and better science is the
guy who doesn't understand and doesn't
want science it's literally opposite and
it's all
imaginary now this is one of those cases
where the the Deep state is kind of
useful I could be worried about RFK Jr
if I thought he would be working alone
and just making sitting in the room
making his own decisions about stuff but
that's not going to happen he he's going
to have an army of scientists and
experts who are trying to talk him out
of it and pointing him at different
studies and he's going to say stuff like
I see your study but it's not good
enough you know show me show me a good
long-term study
so I I think we're in good shape
there um I saw Molly Hemingway do a
great defense I think it was on Fox news
of Matt Gates as a choice for um
attorney
general and this is a good a good case
so her angle on it is that uh Gates
would be the most effective at fighting
information
Ops and I thought you know that's
true uh Matt Gates has been the one of
the most effective best communicators
and most aggressive going after all the
the Ops such as the Russia collusion Ops
the 51 people signing the laptop op you
all the other Ops he's one of the top
people going after him so I agree with
that Molly Hemingway that uh having
somebody who would fight against the
misinformation
structure that feels like something I
want now I'm not
completely talked down at the idea that
maybe Matt Gates is not
a um let's say maybe it's a plan a but
that they have a plan B
ready already in other words they might
already have a plan B in case he can't
get can't get through for one reason or
another um but it sure would be fun if
he did I I would sure like to watch
it meanwhile over on MSNBC where
everybody's a terrible racist uh they
have this lawyer Maya W on who they put
on to defame P Heth who was picked as uh
defense secretary
and she claims that he's got a white
supremacist tattoos all over his body
false
100% false and she sat there and said it
between two white guys who just
nodded they let they let her say that
without any push back M
MH MSNBC is such
garbage um then she also said about him
um uh he is also a person if he's in the
job who'll be having the discussion with
Donald Trump about sending the military
into communities to police US citizens
again just some madeup stuff will the
military be useful in
transporting um illegal migrants back to
their place of origin yes
transport they'll drive them basically
they're
chauffeur I mean not the kind they want
because it's going to take them out of
the country but no it'll be ice and the
people the people who are hired to do
the deportations will do it now there's
no plan to use the military in to police
the
communities
meanwhile uh Trump is looking at at
least considering a fellow named Dr aim
uh
motra for a key Health Ro role in
revising our nation's food
policies
hello so this would include if if this
happens uh the doctor would be uh
looking at basically our processed foods
and looking at targeting them for either
labeled as
unhealthy um or you know decreased in
our diet in some ways so they would
introduce the cigarette style warning
labels on
packaging and apparently according to to
the Daily Mail some of these kinds of
measures were successful in the United
Kingdom there was a 2018 sugar tax that
led to a significant reduction in Sugar
consumption and prompted manufacturing
to reformulate their products then this
is according to resist the
mainstream that's a publication I
guess um let me tell you how much I love
about
this everything
everything do you remember when people
said Trump's a fascist well my
understanding of a fascist is somebody
who works with um the big companies
almost as if they're on the same
team this is very much targeting the
food industry in the United States and
not in the way they like not in the way
they like so this is exactly what I want
my government to do now maybe maybe
labeling is enough so that I still have
choices you know they Label cigarettes
but they're still
legal alcohol is still legal so I don't
know if they need to make any of this
illegal but yeah when my when my
government wants to keep me better
informed and tell me that the you know
the interest rate on this loan is the
same as this one and you know what's in
the food yeah I like all that so I could
I could not be happier about that that
that's that's pure Golden Age stuff
you don't get that you don't get this
without Trump and without RFK Jr I
think meanwhile I saw a story Sam Sam J
over in Twitchy is writing there's some
democrat who is on the floor of the uh
Congress I guess talking about uh openly
organizing a shadow
government so he actually had names of
all the Democrats who would operate as a
shadow
government uh but it sounds worse than
it is what he meant was that for every
appointed person in the Trump
Administration that there'd be somebody
who would be their critic you know
somebody whose job it was to make sure
they didn't go too far and do bad things
that's fine it basically he's just using
a colorful way to say that they're going
to be critical of things that Trump does
so it sounds like a much more shadowy
terrible thing but really it's just just
they're going to make sure they have
critics for everything Trump
does um Brendan carer at the
FCC is
uh working against the big censorship
cartel and um he notes that uh this is
on a he notes that Facebook Google Apple
Microsoft and others have played a
central role in the censorship cartel as
he calls it now if you don't know about
News Guard my understanding is it's an
external entity that the big tech
companies used as their source of what's
information and what's disinformation
except News Guard is just a censorship
organization that will politically
censor anything they don't like in ever
reason so um he says the orwellian named
and News Guard along with the quote
factchecking groups and ad agencies are
enforcing the the one-sided ative in
other words they're censoring one side
of the political conversation and so he
wants to dismantle this what he would
call a cartel of these factchecking
disinformation people
um and he says that uh the big Tech's uh
liability Shield that's called section
230 now section 230 lets them not be
sued the big tech companies uh if all
they're doing is passing along
information so they're not the ones
creating it but if you are using these
fake News Guard or fake fact Checkers or
working with advertisers to limit one
kind of speech and promote another kind
then you're just
censors and uh he he's asking for more
information so we can take a look at
this and maybe dismantle it um Michael
shellenberger of course is the Superstar
reporter who who who helps us understand
this whole news thing and Mike Benz of
course one of the strong voices there by
the way if you're not following Mike
Benz B
NZ and Michael shellenberger sounds just
like it
spells uh you're not really well
informed and I'll say Glenn Greenwald as
well so there there's some people you
need to follow or you're just not going
to know anything there there they're one
layer below the reality that you can see
on TV so if you can't get to that lower
level of Base reality where everything's
rigged and you know exactly how
everything's confusing so you got to get
to the shellenberger
Ben's Greenwall level of understanding
of the world and then everything starts
making sense at the same time it's it's
kind of
wonderful couldn't do it with
X all right uh David saaks points out
another systemic problem we have you had
a good monologue that was on X I
saw uh that the executive branch is in
charge of a whole ton of people who work
for the government except that it can't
fire them so so there's a whole bunch of
the government that can't be fired for
doing a bad
job so of course things go wrong of
course it's the wrong incentive again
this is what democ rats are bad at
spotting Republicans are better at
looking at at the entire machine and the
incentives that are driving it so that's
why they're better system
designers and uh so saaks points out
this is a system design problem and
there's there's no accountability for
you just massive amounts of government
employees um they have a like a local
boss but it's just so hard to fire
anybody at least at the highest level so
hard just doesn't happen so so yeah that
needs to be
fixed imagine if America could create a
government that actually was
efficient because imagine the
competitive advantage that would be
because I don't think China's government
is super efficient I don't think
Russia's government is super efficient I
don't think the European union members
are super efficient maybe maybe maybe
some are um sometimes I tell you that
eston has it together I think it
does actually I think there is one
country Estonia that just sort of does a
lot of things right just sort of quietly
being smart and excellent every
day but just imagine the competitive
advantage and our survivability as a
nation if we could make our
government accountable and
efficient it's a big big ask but all the
right people are on it all the right
people so we'll
see all right and
then so apparently zalinski has said out
loud that he thinks the war will end
faster under the Trump
Administration and
uh here's
what here's the dog this isn't quite the
dog now barking but it's the awesome
thing that you didn't notice
so here's the thing that's that I think
you'll agree is true that this is not an
exaggeration Trump has
ended at least two nuclear
confrontations just by being
Trump let me explain do you remember how
all the smart people are saying okay
well I might like some of Trump's
policies but oh oh his character oh oh
let me tell you about his
character his
character well let me tell you what his
character
did his character took the risk of
nuclear war between Ukraine and Russia
to zero do you know why because both
Russia and Ukraine think he's the big
dog and that the big dog's going to come
in and settle their problems what would
be the odds of Russia launching a
nuclear war before Trump gets into
office none none at all they would have
nothing to gain right Trump by his
character remember the party you didn't
like his character his character ended
the risk of nuclear war in
Ukraine and Russia admit it admit it you
 admit it that was his character
it wasn't his policy
it wasn't his height it wasn't his
orange hair it was his character
they saw his character coming and they
took the risk of nuclear war off
the
table it's the second time North Korea
same thing do you know do you remember
when Trump comes into office and we're
worried literally worried that North
Korea was going to launch a nuclear
attack do you know what took that
completely off the table now something
could happen accidentally but clearly
we're not looking at an intentional
nuclear war do you know what took it
completely off the
table his
character his
character because he went and he shook
hands with Kim Jong-un which nobody else
would have done and Kim Jong-un said oh
well why would I nuke my
friend why would he so Trump's fight
character protected us from two nuclear
possibilities already right and and we
act like we act like that's the worst
part of him it's not the worst part of
him I don't know what's the worst part
but it's the good part the character the
character is what's getting everything
done do you do you know why people are
scrambling around uh in anticipation of
him doing changes is because his
character is I'm not going to
quit there's the character if you know
he's not going to quit you're going to
make adjustments before he gets there
because he's coming and he's not going
to quit and you're not going to talk him
man of it with your with your
bureaucrats at this time and this time
he brought a whole pirate ship
full of people who don't quit do you
know what Elon Musk does doesn't quit
and you all know that he doesn't
quit
character right
character is fight fight
fight character is that no matter how
far you got pushed down after that
devastating loss in
2020 you get back up you do it
again
character now am I going to defend every
sex Choice he ever made or every insult
he ever made no and I'm not going to I'm
not going to criticize it either because
I don't care but the part of his
character that I do care about just made
me a whole lot safer from nuclear war
right
so I I feel like the reason I'm worked
up about it is we're seeing the greatest
display of
character solving
problems that you've ever seen what
since
who since who this is like a once ever
you're not going to see this again in
your lifetime you'll never see this his
character is solving massive problems
all over the place do you think anybody
else could tear down the government with
Elon Musk and get him to partner with
him do you think anybody else would have
Bernie Sanders saying you know what
you're definitely right about this do
you think anybody else would have um you
the Democrats completely destroyed Trump
hollowed out the Republican party and
fixed it and then he defeated the
Democrats and he's forcing them to fix
themselves he's dismantling the entire
uh censorship regime he probably will
with Elon and VI's help uh figure out
how to solve our financial death
spiral he almost certainly will put us
in a position where our energy and our
AI stop
is competitive and maybe better than
that he almost singlehandedly will
probably fix our International Trade
situation I suspect he's going to do a
lot on the
border we've never seen anything like
this and his
character it's just if you focus on the
wrong Parts
the let's say it's the uh not the active
ingredients that's the way to put it you
know you look at a product as active
ingredient
a medication then it's a bunch of
inactive ingredients well that's like
Trump's character the inactive
ingredients are he insults Rosie
odonnell that's inactive it doesn't
bother you the active part is he just
stop two nuclear
Wars that's the active
part he'll fire somebody if he needs to
Biden didn't fire anybody Trump will
fire people that's the active part
all right and he's doing
great so the Golden Ages here uh
Jonathan Turley writes about uh there
were four
Californians who had some kind of
insurance scheme they had some uh some
luxury vehicles that I guess they wanted
to collect the insurance on instead of
doing whatever else they would do with
them so one of them dressed in a bear
out outfit and pretended a wild bear was
destroying all three cars and that it
was on they made sure it was on security
video so they took their security video
to their insurance companies and said
how about some insurance payments
because look at this bear that destroy
destroyed our luxury cars and the
insurance company said you know that
looks exactly like a person in a bear
contest costume and sure enough sure
enough one of them had purchased a bear
costume it was dressed as a bear
and
uh do you know how they figured out it
was a man in a bear costume instead of a
bear it was it was simpler than You'
think he didn't in the woods no he
used the indoor plumbing and then
they're like
well no bears HIIT in the woods you're
not a bear so that's how you
tell so thank you to Jonathan Turley for
that important story
um ladies and gentlemen today is
Saturday and it's time for us to have a
great
weekend uh the holidays are coming I'm
sure already probably most of you have
ordered your Dilbert calendars um go to
dilbert.com to see the link to go
purchase that it's the only place it'll
be you cannot buy the dilver calendar on
Amazon or anywhere else only at the link
that you can find at dart.com and then
I've also got four books three of them
are re sort of re-edited versions and
one new one reframe your brain and uh at
least one of those books and or the
calendar will fit every person in your
giftgiving
universe and if there's if that's not
enough I will make more you tell me what
you need I'll make it so that you have
gifts all right that's all got for now
I'm going to go talk to the locals
subscribers privately because they're
special and uh I'll talk to the rest of
you tomorrow same time same place and I
won't be early tomorrow because I'll be
able to figure out how to read that darn
clock all right bye for now locals
coming at you in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e