[Music]
hey everybody hey Dan come on in here
I hope you have your soft blankets on
it's time to swaddle simultaneous
swaddle in effect well have there ever
been more news Phil days than these my
goodness my goodness let me tell you
about some of the things that are
happening
somebody has invented a two-way valve
that turns a ventilator into two
ventilators all it is is a tea
connection
modifying I assume they saw people
modifying ventilators on their own and
they said well we'll just make a part
it's just this little t-connector you
just stick it in and boom you've doubled
your ventilator capacity pretty cool
pretty cool so India the country of
India which is either the biggest
producer of hydroxychloroquine which I
call the hashtag Trump fills because I
don't like trying to figure out how to
say the big words so the Trump pills are
the hydroxychloroquine and the
azithromycin and the zinc just call them
Trump pills
hashtag Trump pills so anyway the India
is one of the biggest producers of the
one that starts with H and they just
announced a block on exports so one of
if not the biggest country that makes
the drug that everybody needs right now
and appears to be in at least a little
bit of shortage in places I don't know
how much we don't have visibility on
that but the biggest country just
decided that they're not gonna give it
to anybody else now is that because it
doesn't work do you think that the
country of India you've heard of India
probably it's a country yeah you've
heard that they have a lot of people
there quite a few people you may have
heard that there are smart people in
India which is a great understatement
there are really really smart people in
India do you think that all the smartest
people in India who again are really
really really smart do you think that
they blocked exports of this drug
because it doesn't work maybe no no they
do not
well so the citizens of this country are
ready to break the system I think that
people are we've been lied to
let's let's be honest but not
Sara Lee an evil lie meaning that it's
pretty obvious at this point that all of
the countries see the Trump pills as a
big part of the solution and they're
doing everything they can to make sure
they secure their sources now I assume
that the United States is doing the same
and I assume that our government quite
responsibly I would say has lied to us
but it's a responsible lie because if
you if you're trying to protect a
limited resource it's kind of the only
way to do it so I'm gonna say that my
moral I would say my moral line was not
crossed by any that probably you had to
be done but I would say the cats out of
the bag at this point so what I'd like
is some visibility on how much do we
have much do we need you know we're in
this country is there a shortage how do
we make it do we even make it in this
country I know there's at least one is
it Novartis there's at least one company
that makes it and it's an American
company but I don't think they make it
in America so would they have the same
problem if if the company whatever
country they make it in what if they say
there's no exports yeah if it's an
American company that has a
manufacturing in another country can we
get it out how does that work because it
seems like just hypothetically if it
were if it had been manufactured in
India do you think India would let it
leave the country just because it's
owned by an American company I don't
think so not in an emergency probably
not so there's a big question in my mind
about this
I think it's increasingly clear that the
difference between Trump's more
optimistic view about getting back to
work and dr. fowey is more reserved
approach both of them productive I think
I think that they they sort of mapped
out the zone you know one a little bit
to the cautious side one a little bit to
the optimistic side and
that gave you that gave you the zone I
think we would have been underserved by
having one without the other I think I
think we would be underserved but this
guy just gives me a size of the sense of
the range that reasonable people can can
think about and it's obvious now that
part of the difference was that Trump
had some early indication that the the
meds would be productive and doctor foul
she was probably cleverly and I can't
read their minds but it's a reasonable
speculation that he knew there would be
shortage problems if he doubted it and
so he was downplaying a little bit so I
think that's where we are and I think
now it's just sort of obvious now you
don't need to go and tell all your
friends this you know you you can simply
Bank the advantage that you get to hear
things that other people are not hearing
on the regular news so don't necessarily
tell your friends but just just know
that you're a little bit ahead of the
curve okay yes so there's to the best of
my knowledge there's only one study that
said it didn't work and that came out of
a Chinese University at the same time
that everything coming out of China uses
misinformation so I think you can really
discount the Chinese study let me throw
you here's a conspiracy theory for you
the following cannot be proven and I
wouldn't go so far as to say I'm sure
it's true but let me propose it and then
you tell you use your own judgment
everything you know about the world and
reach your reach your own conclusion is
this reasonable and it goes like this
one of the reasons that Italy is doing
so poorly is because China is helping
them so that's the conspiracy theory and
the conspiracy theory to round it out is
that the last thing China wants is for
Italy to do really well why you might
ask is it because they don't like Italy
No
now it has nothing to do with Italy it
has to do with how China will look if
they're the only ones that have a big
problem
China needed some other country to be
the disaster country so that when we
talk about my god I hope it doesn't get
as bad as Italy so very cleverly China
is helping but does that help include
giving the Italians large doses of the
hydroxychloroquine I'm guessing no maybe
because they told the Italians it
doesn't work so well maybe because they
wanted to keep it for themselves maybe
they didn't want anybody to know how
well it worked
some doctors did report on it but I
don't think China can control every
doctors communication everywhere so the
news got out but the only reason I can
think of the Italy would do so badly
even even with the older population
doesn't quite explain in my mind doesn't
feel like that's the whole explanation
it feels as though whatever is that
Italy is doing is different from what
other countries are doing who also have
infections something different and only
Italy is getting direct advice from
China so I would at least put the
suggestion out there that China's
reputation the things that we do know
about so this this speculation isn't
something we have any hard evidence of
but the things we do know about they're
literally doing a disinformation
campaign they steal our stuff they're
they've got the we Gers in prison camp
they're using the flown flume gone
people for spare parts there they're
killing them to take their organs and
selling them and these are just a few of
the things we know about right if all of
those things are true and I'm pretty
sure they are is it a stretch to say
that China would throw Italy under the
bus so that China would always look like
they did a better job than than some
other country would they be above that
not at all in terms of ethically and
morally they are they have demonstrated
that they're not even a little bit above
that so did China her to Italy's
response more than it helped I think you
have to put that in the possibility set
you know we'll find out later if you
find out later that China wasn't pushing
the drugs that they know work then
that's what it was and we'll probably
know that you know some point we'll find
out whether Italy was using that drug
whether the Chinese were advising them
or what but we're going to know that see
nothing in our home from China for over
three years now somebody says you know I
was shopping before the lockdown it was
just a few days before we all had to
stop doing that and I was just picking
things off the shelf and just looking at
where they were made it's kind of hard
not to buy something from China I didn't
realize how hard it was now you are the
Apple was helping out with the n95 masks
right and today they announced that they
had sourced some ass so they were going
to deliver a bunch and I said to myself
wait a minute source them are you
telling me that Apple computer doesn't
know how to put up a manufacturing plant
and make things and the answer is maybe
not because I think everybody who
everybody who says they're an American
company and they're gonna make you some
face masks the part they don't say is
well not in this country
because we don't know how to do anything
in this country we don't add make stuff
so every time I heard a story of an
American company that was gonna make
some masks you have to ask the second
question is where are you gonna make him
oh we're all making them in China or
we're making them in India or we're
making them in Mexico I don't know if
theme I don't know if any American
company can manufacture anything I don't
even know if it's the thing so when I
see Apple stepping up to help and all
they did is act
a broker to find some masts that were
somewhere else I mean baby they helped
them get going on it or something but
not exactly what I was expecting from
American companies now I have not dug
into the the relief legislation by the
way did that get approved where's that
I've been off the news for a little
while but I have I'm starting to develop
an opinion which is that it's a complete
abomination it looks like the
Republicans and the Democrats just
completely failed us completely failed
us when when the nation needed them most
they weren't even a little bit willing
to do it right not even a little bit
willing yeah so the my pillow company
apparently is making some ass and you're
right those probably are made in America
so there is I guess there is one guy you
know or one company anyway the my pillow
company they I guess they do know how to
make things in America because they make
the pillows there if somebody says 3m
makes the m95 in South Dakota oh okay so
that's good so we do have a little bit
of American manufacturing somebody says
the issue is ventilators yeah I think
the meds once they're available will
make event leaders less necessary
because people won't get hospitals and
hospitalized in the first place all
right let's talk about zoom did you know
that zoom so it's a company that allows
you very easily to do teleconferencing
with lots of different configurations
you know one too many several and all
that it is a really good product I gotta
say so I've used zoom quite a bit and
every time I use it I'm frankly
impressed it's just really well-designed
it's it's pretty bulletproof for these
kinds of things you know the
telecommunications is always gonna have
glitches but it's really bulletproof
really easy interface just everything
about it is quality so they deserve to
be doing well and everybody's using them
for business now but
there's one little problem it's an
American company but much or most of
their engineering and even one of their
data centers is in China so if you are a
big American company and you're talking
about top-secret things on zoom' your
conversation is going to China into a
Chinese data center server and then you
know sent over to the other side now
hypothetically could the government of
China listen in on every business
conversation that happens on zoom' well
in theory no because it's an American
company and they must have some control
over their technology even in China but
in reality of course some number of the
employees there are just Chinese spies
now do I know that no but do I know that
yes let me say that again do I know that
there are Chinese spy is working for
zoom no I have no information about that
whatsoever do I know that Chinese spies
are working a zoom yes yes I do 100%
because why wouldn't they are you crazy
why wouldn't they of course they are now
yeah and if they weren't they will and
if they if they haven't yet they could
and they will so it doesn't even matter
if they haven't done it yet it's almost
a trivial point the point is it is such
an enormous security conflict for a
country who is most famous for stealing
intellectual property and our most
important companies are having their
their highly confidential conversations
because when you when you're talking it
doesn't feel like it's a security
problem right we're used to the
telephone so you don't want to put
something on text somebody can find it
but I'll make a phone call because
nobody is recording my phone call right
well how hard would it be for some
technology to just check the language
and look for keywords and then
record anything that had some
interesting keywords pretty easy pretty
easy so that is a big problem now also
the app tick-tock is owned by China and
that app knows a lot about you and it
might even have asked for you permission
to post things on social media if you
did the government of China gets do gets
to follow and unfollow people on your
behalf and you never know the difference
now is that happening
my theory is that Twitter management is
not intentionally rigging anything but
that something's getting rigged there's
something clearly getting rigged and so
it's got to be some third party so we
see their hackers or apps or there's
some internal you know internal person
who's working for the wrong government
or something but yeah Twitter is clearly
compromised in terms of some kind of
influence but I don't think it's sweater
and I don't think that they have a way
necessarily even find out what's going
on but we know what's going on I mean
that that part's confirmed it's easy to
tell that it's going home all right
where is our zoom exactly where is the
American company that's knocking that
off or actually better yet you know
since zoom is an American company
ideally they would just bring their
servers back here which which I think
should be a law actually I think there
should be a legislation that if you're a
telecommunication product it just can't
go through China you know we have
precedent for that of course so is
anybody yeah want to ask some questions
I've got my headset on that looks like
some people are coming in that's ad
carpe carpe Noctem
are you there hey good hear from you you
have a question for me
I wonder great I mean relatively
I didn't stuff like that so you know I'm
not a conspiracy guy but yeah I was
hoping that that you could provide some
imagination that maybe I laughs okay but
no Mike my question is that we're
hearing lots of things out of New York
City about lots of people in there on
ventilators and big lines and we're
hearing about Reese most recently there
was something about a guy dying in the
waiting room waiting for a bed right and
my question is in the world of selfies
and people who are possibly going alive
and people who are constantly recording
video and uploading it why are we not
seeing viral videos of packed emergency
rooms and hospitals full of ventilators
good question I will give you a possible
answer I would say that within the
within the hospital they probably don't
want to touch phones because phones are
just like germ machines so they might
not have phones in any of the places
where you would also have ventilators
that's possible and probable I would say
secondly if you're in the waiting room
there are big signs that say you know
don't use your cell phone now that I
think they're talking about phone calls
but I think most people would realize if
they took their phone out in a medical
facility it's just such a grotesque
violation of privacy it could be that
just people don't do it or it could be
that they've done it and they keep it to
themselves because they don't want to be
accused of violating somebody's privacy
because it's an immense violation right
I understand I don't understand all that
in the HIPAA violations and privacy and
everything but I guess the heart of my
question is that you know nobody nobody
abides by those things in any other
situation yes so it's just very strange
to me that that we're not seeing at
least one or two live streams coming
from well I'll tell you I have been to
my health care providers waiting room
not not recently because the crisis and
I was the only person using
I think yeah it was like nobody took
their phone out but I did you know just
texting and stuff so so I get what
you're saying so the the implication is
if things were as bad as the reports we
would surely have visual evidence of
that and that's actually a good
observation but within the the medical
domain you would expect a little less
video then and why domain and I want to
I want to reiterate that I'm not
suggesting anything like I'm not
suggesting that this is a giant hoax or
anything like that I'm just asking a
simple question that that I feel like
should have an answer but yeah and I'm
getting a lot of pushback from don't ask
that seems like a pretty that's a pretty
fair question but the other thing might
be that I think the the bad spots are
spots so if he got to the point where
every hospital in New York was you know
was a death Center then the other odds
of a video are pretty high but if most
of them are kind of okay but you had you
know a couple of bad days that one where
something died that the waiting room I
don't know that people would take out
their phone yeah so so we're sort of in
the gray area where I could see why it
wouldn't happen but the longer it goes
and the worse it gets
reportedly the longer we go and don't
see if any of them that's perfectly
valid questions thanks for that all
right yeah see it all right take care
that was a good question oh look at all
these people want to talk to me let's do
Jason Jason are you there Jason can you
hear me do you have a question saying is
the epicenter and it seems to me you
know just being here that that's not the
case that is very much overblown and you
know there are people obviously getting
sick there is a lot of social distancing
but it doesn't seem nearly as bad as
they're saying and they have I've seen a
lot of reports New York Times had one
that there were people dying waiting for
beds etc
I just don't see that that bad how would
you see that my understanding is is it
New York City where they've ordered
refrigerated trucks for all the bodies
yeah we're the only place you would see
it is right in the hospital so unless
you're in the hospital you shouldn't be
seeing anything so III happen to know
personally a lot of doctors who you know
family members in my social circle that
right now working working at hospitals
in Westchester in lower Manhattan and I
haven't or anything like that I just I
think I would have heard that it was a
horror story like that so I just I think
we should see we should really see
what's going on it seems to me to be a
little overblown well my understanding
is if you're looking if you look at it
as a snapshot in time then you're just
looking at the wrong thing because
everything is about the rate so they
delivered 4,000 ventilators which if
you're taking a snapshot would probably
be you know 3,500 ventilators more than
they need right away but since they
think they might need 20,000 we're not
talking about a snapshot of today we're
talking about the direction it's gone
and all the experts saying if you don't
clamp it down it'll turn into a disaster
so I feel like the experts are giving
you the amount of warning that is
appropriate to next week even more than
appropriate at the moment and maybe
that's why you're feeling that the alarm
the alarm is sort of a next week alarm
so you're not seeing it on the ground
yet so that's my best guess but all
right thanks like thanks for question
all right see won't see what else we got
here let's take Brian Brian you look
like you have a question Brian Brian
Brian disappeared
let's try Tracy Tracy talk to me Tracy
you have a question
Manhattan and she's been quarantine
herself because she's been ill with an
inner ear problem and she was just
telling me she went to the hospital
today to see a rehab person to help her
with this maneuver they have to do she
has crystals in her ears that are out of
whack and she said the hospital was not
busy at all she doesn't know what I'm
talking about when I talked to her about
the coronavirus because she said she was
the only patient that this we have well
then so that's exactly what it should
look like if it's really an emergency
you get that right so the way it should
look like is they've cancelled all the
elective surgery and they've massively
increased their capacity in anticipation
of what next week and the week after
look like so what you saw is exactly
what it should look like in some
hospitals they haven't been hit but they
expect it so I think that's all you're
saying now of course we could be wrong
but thank you thanks for the question we
you know anything could happen I'm
curious what's gonna happen if we do a
really good job of beating the virus and
everybody's gonna say see I told you it
wasn't real Omar are you there Omar Omar
come on technology work it's cooking
trying to get owe more on their but
looks like that's not gonna work for
some reason all right let's try somebody
else
let's try James James can you hear me if
we have oh there you are James do you
have a question hello do you have a
question it's a bit one-sided but um so
we talked about the corner bars coming
from China could this I mean just saying
this is the theory I'm saying they
actually did it but could this be as a
test in a way that you could realign
like all the manufacturing wisdom
general but in a way putting like
medical supplies and everything to be
more based in China well I think the the
result of this will be less stuff based
in China because we'll be pulling our
supply lines at back so so China will be
worse off so if you're trying to imagine
that somebody intentionally let the
virus out you'd have to say to yourself
okay who could gain by such a thing now
in my opinion nobody did it
intentionally I think that's very very
unlikely but if you want to go through
the mental exercise you'd say who could
possibly win by a virus that is not
selective I mean it's a little selective
by age but not not by country so if you
couldn't control it by ethnicity or a
country nobody would let that out I mean
nobody who knew what they had would let
it down so that that would leave the
possibility that they thought it would
act some other way but even that sounds
impossible
so I reject all of the intentional
theories but that doesn't mean that it
didn't get an of a some kind of a
research lab because they could have had
it for research that doesn't mean that
they meant it to get out or that it was
a weapon all right thank you for the
questions all right so you saw me but
let me go back to that you saw me block
somebody here because they said look how
you panicked Scott now I don't know how
many times I need to tell you this
they're in in the early part of the you
know just knowing that the pandemic was
coming the experts said if we don't do
anything you know it will turn into X
and you know million a million people
die so I quoting the experts also said
if we don't do anything that will happen
that's still true but we are doing
things so those of you who have come to
mock me because I said it could be this
bad unless we do
something you you just don't belong here
you just can't be here you're not smart
enough if you don't know the difference
between what it looks like if you don't
do anything and what it looks like if
you try really hard to stop it you just
you just can't be here you have to find
some other form of entertainment you
don't you don't understand the basics
right I said to prepare begin which is
smart and anybody who prepared is
probably pretty happy about it because
you have toilet paper so certainly mic
sir that was the the superstar of the
early and correct predictions on this no
but nobody comes close to what he was
saying and how early but yeah I saw an
article that was saying that the the
people who also saw Trump coming early
tended to be the same people who saw the
coronavirus early and I thought that was
a good observation because it's kind of
true you know Bannen me Mike sort of
itch yeah several others but we were the
the people who saw a Trump early saw
this as well is that a coincidence might
not be so alright um let me take another
question here since I got a lot of
people waiting let's see what spin is up
to spend coming to you because I like
your name can you hear me spend do you
have a question yes again go ahead
after all this is over how do you want
to see kind of the United States change
socially governmentally well you know
some of it will be changes that we
didn't realize we're changes you know
there'll be massive changes just about
how we do things to keep viruses from
spreading they'll be massive you know
financial changes in dislocation so
they'll be all kinds of fairly
predictable ones but the fun ones are
the ones that you don't really
feel and see you just sort of noticed
that after the fact and one of them is
what I keep talking about is that our
government is no longer really the
government making decisions there
they're kind of taking their cue from
the public and from social media as it
as it represents the public and so this
idea of the of the public being almost
an equal partner with the government and
and informing them and working with them
and you know pushing and pulling that
that's a big deal because it's a wholly
investment it's a whole new form of
government this simply didn't exist
until social media made it so now the
other thing that we're getting out of
this is that a whole bunch of people met
each other who would not have otherwise
met and by that I mean the scientists
and the the benefit of you know cross
fertilizing a bunch of scientists this
could be tremendous it could be
tremendous the amount of sharing they're
probably permanently connected at some
point so the next the next pandemic can
be that much better but one of the other
one of the other sort of unexpected big
elements of this is that for how many
years have the green New Deal people
been telling us that we should do you
know this this big massive society
changing expensive trillion dollar thing
to address this one problem now without
arguing whether or not we should or
whether or not you know the science is
right or anything like that forget about
that for now just the fact of how do you
manage your risks and I've been saying
from the beginning if you put all of
your money and this climate change thing
you've missed other gigantic risks that
you would be broke for example and I
always said pandemic so that was on my
short list I would always say pandemic
you know media or climate change you
can't spend all of your money on any one
of them so you have to figure out the
right mix and I think that that lesson
went from just sort of academic and
people here at and immediately forget it
- oh my god we can't spend all of our
money on the green New Deal and I think
that the green new deal probably lost a
lot of support in terms of at least the
energy behind it people that the same
people who supported it will continue to
support it but I don't know if it's the
same heat anymore because now it's kind
of obvious that we would have been in a
lot of trouble if we had started three
years ago to become a socialist
you know socialist world and we'd we
just you know put our whole budget into
the green new deal we would kind of wish
we have that economic strength now
so what's that we would have been pretty
screwed and I yes yeah yeah so the the
Trump doctrine of making sure that
you're as strong as possible because
that gives you the most flexibility
against the most different threats I
think it's proven and and so thanks and
thanks for the question I think all
right we're gonna take another caller
let's take Alex who got here early and
you should be rewarded for this if
you're still there Alex Alex we have a
question about Robert shall be me yes
and do you think that he is gun-shy
since he pushed the whole something dark
issue in the last election
well I can't read his mind I I heard or
read that he wasn't going to be involved
in politics again you know he's I think
he's in his early 70s and I think he was
maybe thinking that was a younger man's
game or something but I'd be surprised
if he hasn't been asked to consult for
somebody yeah Bernie or somebody else
and I'd be surprised if he had been
asked that he didn't give at least a
little bit of advice so I don't know and
I can't get in his head or what he was
thinking but it would be surprising if
somebody of that skillset had not been
consulted because remember he did work
on the Obama election so we know that
and you probably worked on Hillary
Clinton's because you can see his
fingerprints on it
why wouldn't he I mean it seems like
they would ask him yeah I just think he
would be a little embarrassed if he had
two losses on his on his crib sheet well
you know nobody nobody counts it that
way it just looks that way to you and
he'd probably say you know well must've
been some voter suppression or something
I don't know yeah I don't I I don't want
to put words in his head so I have no
idea what he's thinking but just the
general point that people have reasons
just because they don't look obvious to
you doesn't mean they don't have reasons
all right all right Scott thanks for the
question senator mark is here hello
senator
let's see if Steve has a question for me
Steve Steve went away I think people get
shy or maybe they're not really
signed up here Gabriel I want to talk to
you Gabriel Gabriel can you hear me do
you have a question I was reading a
recent document stating that I guess the
UK government downgraded coronavirus to
you know I guess whatever a lower tier
there is aside from like hantavirus and
yeah you know some of the more scarier
things out there right but I was curious
you know I I don't want to I don't want
to like ask people to place a wager on
this and this is leading to something
else but what are the odds you think
that we can get those out oh yeah here's
what I think is gonna happen I think
that the the final death count will be
shockingly low and way lower than
seasonal flu but only because it's a
full-court press I mean we close down
the economy I mean we're just doing you
know Herculean efforts so between the
fact that the Med the meds seem to
really be effective and once those come
online this looks like a completely
different problem
once you have enough test cats test kits
once you have enough ventilators once
you have enough meds and protective
equipment once you have enough supplies
and that's guaranteed to happen
I think this becomes more trivial but
but but until we're armed were somewhat
unarmed and we've been on you know
defensive retreat but we're just
starting to turn the corner and weapons
are gonna go hot in the next week or so
and then then we're going on offense
offense will be a lot more fun
go ahead Ashley I work as a pharmacist
and one thing I would say is that
perhaps this will help us actually
better approach the flu and upcoming
seasons because yeah some of these
practices would definitely prevent some
of the thousands of thousands who know
deaths that happen you know most years
right yeah I would think I would think
that the one of the unintended
consequences is that regular flu is
either more treatable maybe they find
something that works on it or at the
very least our practices getting so much
better that there's just less of it so
yeah I'm optimistic about that as well
all right thank you for the question
shady all right
Gabriel's one of the people I see on
Twitter making the smart comments so I
was happy to talk to him
caller went away caller does not want to
talk to me let's try it Omar again Omar
don't run away this time
Omar how are you okay good good do you
have a question for me I do but first of
all I just want to thank you for all
your hard work every day you're getting
on twice a day just to make everybody
feel better put on the right filters for
us your your national treasure Scott and
I just want to thank you very much for
that well so I think I think everybody
all over the country are jumping in and
doing what they can do so you know
that's that's the fun part there's
people just say what can I do you know
what am I good at
and then they're just doing it so it's
it's pretty
it's pretty sensational did you have a
question yes I do I do
so I'm not gonna read your mind but I'm
assuming that you were just as pissed
off as I was about the stimulus bill
today as it seems like it's corporate
socialism where big corporations are
getting helped out and the average man
is getting over so my question to
you is that since it's not necessarily
that individuals should be bailed out on
their needs
you know these corporations are being
bailed out based on our need for them so
that makes them a utility so shouldn't
the government put some kind of
parameters as to how they're able to use
the bailout money so they don't just
give each other promotions and stock
buybacks yeah and I haven't dug into the
details but I know the president wanted
that basically everybody wanted it so if
everybody was talking in public wanted
it and it didn't happen then there must
been some lobbyist effect there but I
would have to say that Congress failed
miserably
just just failed right in front of us in
a way that is somewhat spectacular
because they you know they may or may
not sign something it sounded like the
president was gonna be pretty flexible
and he wasn't he wasn't gonna he wasn't
gonna go to war about you know 25
million for this 25 million for that as
long as I had a reason you know he may
not prefer it but at least you know get
the country back on the road and I don't
I don't think the president's wrong
about that I think that he is actually
playing as smart he's being
complementary to everybody in Congress
even though you shouldn't be you know
based on their performance he should be
castigating them but I think he's
playing it correctly
he's smartly saying you know Congress is
Congress if they can't do better than
that I'm gonna take what I can get but I
need this I need something not nothing
so something is better than nothing but
if Congress is credibility could get any
lower I just don't know how I mean this
I'm not really the guy who wants to
criticize Congress all the time because
it's just so easy and obvious and you
know perpetual
but wow this feels like a whole new
level of incompetence can you sort of
imagined that when it was a national
emergency they would they would let the
little stuff go and just focus but they
did not they didn't even a little bit
they failed us completely and everybody
involved with that should be removed
from office in my opinion yeah there's
one thing I wanted to mention something
interesting I learned from a friend of
mine who's a Chinese national but you
know Alibaba is actually fully
functioning and they function very well
during the quarantine or during these
the cogut crisis and i didn't know why
but something that I didn't know was
back in the early 2000s I believe when
SARS happened
Ali Baba had to go through this whole
pandemic themselves and they had to self
quarantine the entire company so they
were actually really well prepared to
handle this and I'm wondering if because
the US companies all went to this
themselves that in the next ten or
twenty or thirty years if this were to
happen again we would essentially be
anti fragile in our in our economy do
you think so yeah I think it would
depend whether it happens if we wait 20
years and we don't have a pandemic in
that time we'll probably go soft budgets
will get caught and we'll get you know
we'll get complacent but I would say if
a pandemic comes back in three years
we're really gonna be ready you know
it'll be fresh you won't have to tell
people what to do you know we'll just go
into our routine so it kind of depends
when's but yes I think that's one of the
big benefits is we're gonna come out
ahead
preparation wise it will be a much
hardened society when we're done that's
my hope last last thing and I'll let you
go Scott again thank you for the time I
know that you know you you're on
Instagram now and love your pics but I'm
gonna suggest something you should try
and tell me what you end up seeing like
a few tik-tok Instagram videos and
you'll get retargeted by a variety of
these very impressive app companies for
photos they are you know votes video
editing all of which not only are coming
out of China but they also happen to be
coming out of Wuhan and I just thought
it was very very strange I kept seeing
this so try that
your NCC what you end up finding huh
okay oh I'll look for that all right
thank you for that all right take care
all right let's talk to Alec see if Alec
has a question Alec do you have a
question Alec I can sounds like it's
raining I'll get into a quieter place in
one second my question is what do you
think what's your prediction on what's
going to happen once this blows over or
once we get a handle of it in places
like Iran and Hong Kong do you believe
the protests will return in full force
or is it a little bit too foggy to tell
too foggy to tell because the even the
protesters are not going to want to
gather so at the moment the more more
virus there isn't Iran you know maybe
the regime is even safer because people
just don't want to get in the same place
but let's say we get past the virus and
people are no longer afraid to gather
public Iran has a lot to explain you
know they need to explain the shooting
down to Ukraine they're lying the bad
economy they need to explain why their
pariah they need to explain why their
economy is the worst they need to
explain why the the virus was so bad
there and less bad in other places so
it's gonna hurt but on the other hand so
just if you just look at all the
psychology that goes into that there is
something about a national emergency
that does make people also pull together
and put a little more trust in the
regime even if they hated him yesterday
so it could work either way so I we're
squarely in the fog of war situation
good question thank you thank you all
right take care let's do let's do Eric
Eric Eric Eric Eric can you hear me do
you have a question
practive why didn't the president set
the pace more on the goodies in the bill
like you know the payments directly to
workers directly to tryst free small
business loans and then of course then
when all the big corporate stuff has to
happen to big bailouts well he blames
that on Congress kind of seems like he's
been sitting back and letting the bill
just kind of happened rather than
getting out in front taking credit for
good yeah you know here's here's what I
would have liked to have seen I would
like to see the president say both
parties have failed us here's your bill
you know I need you to vote on this by
tomorrow because I think the president
could just say you know here's what you
gave us with all this pork here's what
the Republicans wanted that basically is
a giveaway it's a big business according
to people who looked at it more than I
have I think the president could have
said I know what it looks like when
you're not doing either of those things
so here it is vote on it by tomorrow
it's an emergency I think he could have
done it in any in any other circumstance
of course yeah that wouldn't work but I
think he could shine enough light on it
to just embarrass them now let me give
you an example if the president has said
look you've completely screwed the pooch
on this it's too complicated it's too
divisive it's it's just the wrong is
wrong in every way here's what we're
gonna do we're gonna give everybody
$3,000 that's it and then the people who
didn't deserve it you people like me who
you know my income is at least some of
it will be intact after this is over
we'll probably be down about a third
from newspapers to go on a business
forever but people like me I just when I
fill in on my taxes I just say yeah I
got $3,000 but I didn't deserve it so
give me give it back to you at tax time
it's the easiest because you don't even
have to worry about the clawback until
later you don't have to worry that
somebody got the got the money based on
last year but this was a bad year you
don't worry about any of that you just
say boom here's your money
corporations get nothing now should
corporations get nothing and will they
go into business and I think the answer
is No
if the government wants to help
companies stay in business and it's just
a generally it's a short cash fall
problem well that's what banks do you
know maybe maybe the government could
guarantee in some cases or the
government could take equity they don't
like that but the government could why
can't we make a profit on this why can't
the government say yeah I'll help you
out Boeing but I you know I own 10% of
your company and when the stock goes
back up I'm gonna sell because I'm not
in the stock business I'm just helping
you out so it feels to me that the
government could have done lots of stuff
to make sure that the big companies at
least have funding but we would get paid
back and it seems to me we could just
directly give cash to people and if the
wrong people got cash well they probably
spend it anyway and that's good but they
can claw back so I think the president
had a high ground play now I don't know
the politics of Washington you know
maybe I'm being a little too little too
idealistic about how easy things are but
there are things you can do in a in
emergency that you just couldn't do
other times and I got a feeling that the
that the public was so primed for
leadership that the president could have
said I'm putting it on one page vote on
this tomorrow and I don't even want to
see that stuff that you handed me it is
so far off the American people should
fire every one of you but here's my one
page or give it to me tomorrow by
tomorrow yep that would for him Serna
 has kind of talked about how
Trump's kind of dropped some
opportunities for himself to you know
hit you know cetera but thanks take my
call agree with all that take my class
whatever all right thanks take care
getting pretty good questions today all
the smart people are here today that
didn't work about that up sorry I
knocked you off that was a fat finger my
problem try somebody else Tony
Tony can hear me I can do you have a
question bring what's going on with New
Orleans if you heard anything about
there it seems like that's gonna blow up
really soon after New York well um
probably you know I would expect that
all the metro areas are gonna get some
more than others and if their vacation
places and you know older places and
people are more crowded you know all the
usual factors so I don't have any
special intel on that but I think that
with Mardi Gras and late February there
was a lot of seeds that got yeah but my
understanding is that Bourbon Street
just continued on until the police came
in and said what the heck get out of
here
so I think they had to close down
Bourbon Street the big crowded area
there alright thanks for question
alright well I seem to be pressing the
wrong buttons here and let's try that
alright that's all for today I will be
back with you at 10:00 Easter time in
the morning Eastern not Easter and 7:00
a.m. California time for the
simultaneous epigenomics do not miss it
do not miss it I'm here to tell you that
things are going to turn around is all
about supplies now supplies the test
supplies the meds
supplies of protective equipment and
then we've we go on offense very close
very close I'll see you in the morning