bumbum hey everybody come on in
it's the morning and it's time for the
simultaneous if and coffee with Scott
Adams hey Omar good see ya come on in
here Mary always a pleasure
Darren first I am periscope and you have
the good luck to come here
Darren Fox you are the luckiest
periscope watcher of all time
good morning good morning you know if
you'd like to participate in the
simultaneous up and you know you do you
do want to well all you need is a copper
of Margar glass of Tang coach Alistair
Stein the canteen Joker flask Oh vessel
of any kind
to fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now from the
unparalleled pleasure of the Delta P
Neos the day the thing that makes
everything better including the pandemic
it's called the simultaneous imp and it
happens now go well many of you saw my
periscope last night and you know that I
thought that the president's most recent
press conference on the corona virus is
the best he's ever done in my opinion I
think he had the best tone following the
experts showed showed command of the
topic showed confidence showed you know
decisive leadership I thought that I
thought it was a whole package so I
would say it's his best performance yet
but does that make everybody happy no it
does not there's the big news of course
is that the president moved his
aspirational target from the middle of
April to the end of April few more weeks
and that'll think it'll be done then
necessarily it might be a few weeks
after that I would say this was exactly
the right way to play it even though it
looks like a mistake
here's why if you could design in
advance the best way that the president
could have played it you know if you had
high insight perfect hindsight how would
you advise him to plant and this is with
knowledge of how things turned out now
if you had knowledge of that with the
way things turned out you probably would
have played it exactly the way he did
which is to set a date that wasn't so
far in the future of the people would
panic and it wasn't so far in the future
that people would start to hoard again
so people wouldn't say my god it's gonna
be weeks and months I better reward so
inside he study says you know we're
gonna we're gonna make the decisions
based on the data so he always left
himself the opening the things could
stop you know change in a minute he
always said that as clearly as possible
by aspirational we're gonna shoot for
the state now that date was soon enough
in the future that it probably did not
cause anybody to do much of any extra
hoarding and also felt that I could make
it handle that I could do a few more
weeks
you know then see how it looks I could
probably hit the left and that as we get
you know a little closer to that that
deadline
the president has looked at the data
listened to the experts and extended it
that's probably the very best way this
could have played out because if he had
originally said April thirtieth and
would have felt really hard but by
saying you know the cat's on the roof if
you don't I mean that's an old joke you
know sort of easing us into it I think
that psychologically we were more primed
to say uh okay few extra weeks I'm going
this far you know it hasn't been the
worst thing in the world I could go a
few extra weeks so even if he had had
perfect hindsight and had known from the
start exactly when when the new dates
were going to be probably was better to
have an interim date and then just ease
us into it because been managing our
psychology is one of the biggest parts
of his job right now
ah but here's my favorite part the
president in pivoting from the guy who
wants to open up maybe too early and go
back to work maybe a little bit before
the experts say changed overnight into
the guy who really is gonna lock us down
for a quite a few weeks so if you're see
you then
what do you criticize because you've got
to be on the opposite side how do you
get on the opposite side of somebody who
has had two opposing opinions in 24
hours how do you do it so if you've
watched the president's enemy press
either CNN where MSNBC there are a
little left-footed today because they
don't quite know what to do especially
since the way the president pivoted was
publicly and obviously in response to
his best experts giving him their best
advice what are you gonna do I mean
seriously
New York is critic and he just took the
advice of the experts the very thing
that that people are most concerned
about this president and he did the
opposite what are you gonna do so just
watch for this for purely entertainment
purposes watch how desperately the
anti-trump press is just searching for
something that he did wrong now of
course we would expect that the
criticism would start landing on the
should have taken it seriously sooner
you know we should have been more
prepared sooner
now of course almost every day I'm going
to tell you that's the that's the losers
criticism because everything should have
been done sooner just out all the time
everything in life on every situation on
every topic from the beginning of time
to the end of time if there's something
that was good to do probably you should
have done it sooner all right it's just
universally true but in this case the
president has
a stronger defense and you'll have to
fact-check this for me but I was just
reading an opinion piece in The
Washington Post I forget who wrote it
and the the author was saying that no
other country prepared better in other
words we didn't we didn't do as much as
we could have to prepare for how bad it
is but neither did Canada neither did
anybody else so if you're going to judge
Trump harshly for I don't know what not
listening to the experts early on not
preparing you're gonna have to explain
why all how many countries are there in
the world several hundred you could have
to explain how hundreds of other
countries active no differently well
everybody knew but nobody did anything
or was it only dumb old Trump was the
only one who didn't do anything no that
didn't happen turns out everybody who
had the same information as Trump which
was really the leaders of all the you
know the big countries they all they all
had the same basically preparation which
is not not well enough and as somebody
saying South Korea and Singapore
prepared the best I don't know if it was
preparation or was it response they may
have responded the best and I'm gonna
you know I hate to go against the
experts no I don't I love to go against
the experts it's just a dangerous and
dumb thing to do most of the time but
I'm gonna do it right now here's my non
expert opinion subject to I don't know
if we'll ever be able to fact-check this
but I'll put it out there anyway in my
opinion
South Korea's success and somebody said
Indonesia
in my opinion the success of let's say
Japan South Korea and Singapore is more
mask wearing of even the people who
don't have symptoms so that's my
prediction my prediction is that when I
don't know if will I reveal to determine
this but after it's all said and done
and the the people are doing the autopsy
and they say what worked what didn't
work I think that the countries that had
the highest percentage of mask wearers
which was probably only related to
supply I think some of the Asian
countries especially if they already had
some pollution problems which probably
doesn't apply as much except outside in
China but I've got a feeling that the
number of masks is going to be the most
the variable that explains the most
about why some countries did well and I
don't think it's going to be the testing
alone
the testing will be a factor but I can't
I can't wrap my head around how a
country that's you know this many
millions of people but no matter how
many tests they have it's only it's only
you know a small percentage I can't wrap
my head around how that's the biggest
factor when there's so few tests
compared to people but if 80% of the
public going people would outside wore a
mask and that's I'm not sure that's true
but I could easily imagine in South
Korea 80% of the people going outside
had masks pretty quickly is that true
yeah I did a fact check of it but that
feels like that would be a much more
aggressive and direct way to battle it
so we'll just see that's just my guess
and I also think that when there are
more of those myths in the United States
that we'll see a big drop the daily
deaths I'm having a little trouble
understanding the the data but if feels
like the number of deaths is starting to
not increase as much while the number of
infections is still zooming which is the
good news especially since the FDA
approved the use of the
hydroxychloroquine and I think the
chloroquine as well for its now approved
for people want to use it for for
treatment now I think that that also
allowed maybe more manufacturers to make
it so there's a supply problem
here's a question for you I'm just gonna
put this out there I have no idea if
this is a good idea because I can't
quite under I can't think through all of
the parts so maybe somebody else can
what would stop the government from
saying oh and again this is a poorly
thought-out idea I think there are
problems with it let's just put it out
there suppose the government said that
just for the period of the crisis will
create a second currency and it will be
a crypto currency that's a relevant
crypto we'll just make something up or
they could use the one that exists and
just endorse it and and they would just
say we're gonna we're gonna assign these
crypto coins to everybody even though a
certain income or even just everybody
and they will expire at the end of three
months or six months whatever or they'll
be automatically converted to cash I
suppose you could do that too if you
just force the exchange to do it I don't
know if that would work because then it
would drive down the value this is part
part I haven't thought through so the
point is could you have a temporary
cryptocurrency that would operate it's
the same time as a dollar all the people
who are doing okay and still have some
dollars they just go ahead and spend
them like usual but if you lost your
income you just you don't have a dime
you could use the crypto and then the
government would sort of guarantee its
value on the exchange in other words the
the government could buy and buy and
sell the crypto to to balance its its
value and they it feels like the
government could just create money out
of nothing for a while and then just
make it go away by forcing you to
convert it would that work now I think
it's the I think it's the winding it
down part that doesn't work if you out
it up you probably have to run it
forever or people would lose some
somebody would lose I haven't thought
that through but I feel like there's
something there I just can't I can't
hold all the parts of my hand enough to
know if it would really work
Bill Gates seems to be quite in favor of
the longer shutdown the six to ten weeks
he thinks which makes me feel a lot
better about everything you know I'm not
gonna say that Bill Gates is wrong is
right about everything all the time who
is really but who's got a better track
record have you ever seen the comparing
Bill Gates's oldest predictions about
what the world would look like comparing
it to what the world actually looks like
if you ever seen those lists of things
he said it would happen and then you
compare to what happened and you look at
it you go this is the same is he from
the future because he's really good at
this guessing what's happening in 20
years business so for Bill Gates who is
quite informed in this and quite good at
math yeah as you know if he thinks six
to ten gets us past the hardest part I'd
rather be on his side you know all
things equal how would you feel
comfortable if your opinion was the
opposite of Bill Gates on something he's
really looked into I mean this isn't
something that he's sort of casually you
know glanced at Bill Gates is dug into
this you know in his Bill Gates way he
can go pretty deep on topic and if he
thinks this is the right play I feel
like I should think that - you know the
experts seem to be agreed here's an
interesting thing this week and maybe
the next week - I'm watching the people
who had been saying it was just the flu
and seeing just white from a you know
people-watching perspective watching
their voices go from a full scream it's
just the flu you idiots can't you see
what we see it's obviously it's some
kind of a hoax and you know every
there's a little more data a little more
data and then you know a few fewer
people are saying that and they're maybe
not as loud and fewer and you're not
quite as loud
and I feel like this week this might be
the week that because the actual
Hospital impact will be a little more
clear I think those voices are going to
start to get really quiet now I would
love for them to be right wouldn't it be
great if the people who say it's it's
overblown and we'll get on top of this
in no time it's no worse of the flu
weird it'd be great if there right but I
think the odds of that are shrinking
every day still possible you still
cannot rule out you know if you're being
objective you can't rule out the things
go a lot better than the experts law my
prediction is ridiculously optimistic in
that we will save a lot of lives from
just being shut down fewer car accidents
fewer just you know industrial accidents
fewer fewer ways to die in general and
that even though we will lose thousands
I've already lost thousands to the
coronavirus that I don't think will net
more than 5,000 now nobody else agrees
with me so if you're trying to place
your own bets be aware that nobody in
the world has my prediction it's the
dumbest most outlier prediction anybody
can make because the government is
thinking this even even if we do a good
job the government is saying even if you
do a really good job and do everything
right there is we're talking tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands it's
going to be a big number say the
government and I'm going full contrarian
on that but I'm not saying that they
were wrong about the potential problem
I'm saying that the experts were largely
right about how big issue it was you
know in a order of magnitude way but
that will be more successful than people
people imagined so that our innovation
will make a big difference now I think
that this is interesting but the the
prospect of the hydroxychloroquine
working well enough to at least keep
people from hospitalization which is the
whole game
to me the entire game comes down to does
the hydroxychloroquine if given early
and do we have enough supply that's a
big question if given early does it keep
people from being hospitalized
anecdotally that looks to be the case
and even some largest small studies
either small studies but you know
they're not tiny tiny seemed indicate it
does but I don't know if you can trust
anything yet you know I I don't trust so
here's my career thinking I don't trust
any small study in this country or any
other I don't trust it and I don't think
that we can because even in good times
when you've got plenty of time to do
peer review and everything else even in
good times half of the things that get
peer reviewed and accepted turn out to
be false and that's when you got plenty
of time and everybody's doing the best
slowest most careful work how good are
the studies that people are slapping
together in an emergency
in theory the quality of those studies
should be the lowest of any studies
you've ever seen because they're so fast
and they're smallish and you know things
are imperfect because it's a crisis but
that doesn't mean it's wrong and what
I'm looking at is until I find any
doctor who is working on this problem
who would not personally take it I'm
gonna think there's something there
right we have not correct me if I'm
wrong have you seen one doctor even one
literally just one I'll say one American
doctor who is actually working with
these patients who would advise against
taking that drug is there even one if
there's one I'm gonna say to myself well
maybe there's something there I used to
have a phone here I was gonna check the
stock bracket but I guess I could put my
phone somewhere else alright so I think
that's uh it's gonna be good there
article that says Germany is considering
and I think considering is the key word
here because it's not like this is
imminent but they're considering issuing
thousands are giving people immunity
certificates so you would get some kind
of a certificate that said you would
already had it you're over it you have
an immunity so you're allowed to go back
to work and mingle I guess now I was
trying to think and again this is not
imminent
it's just something they're considering
in Germany but I thought to myself how
would you execute that because if you
say okay let's say 10% of the public you
can go back to work
how would the authorities know if they
were I saw people on the streets or
working in the shops or whatever how
would they know that was the right 10%
because people would massively cheat
they'd say I'm not I'm not a Buick
nobody's gonna know I'm gonna go back to
work and the police couldn't stop and
check everybody right I mean they could
check some people but they're not gonna
say show us your papers she'll ask y'all
PayPal deal are you allowed how I shall
pay pass so that doesn't feel like that
would work just too many people involved
and then I thought well supposed to
people who had have the immunity had had
to wear a lanyard it's just got like the
certificates right in the lanyards like
you know I passed and I thought well
that would take five seconds for people
to 3d print those things or or photocopy
the fakes and you couldn't really you
know how could you tell
so here's my suggestion my suggestion is
this is if the government clears you and
maybe a doctor has to do it the doctor
goes into his database and plugs your
social security number into it now
you're registered as somebody that a
doctor has certified you can't do it
yourself a doctor is certified the you
have immunity so you're in the mint in
the national database then here's my
idea you build an app so that maybe only
the police can tell so let's say in the
beginning it's it's just something law
enforcement
and they can track everybody's phone and
they can see see on the map all the dots
and the doubts are either green or red
so if the police go into you know a
neighborhood that's opened up and the
stores are open they can pull out their
app and they could say okay green green
green up there's a red and they can just
say though the Reds 20 feet over there
and then it can walk over and say or
even click on it because the police may
have the secret database you know that
all your privacy is gone you just click
on and say looks like Bob 20 feet over
there is a red Bob Bob come here for a
minute Bob you do not have the immunity
certificate go home immediately so could
you build an app in which at least law
enforcement could walk through a crowded
street and see on the map if there's a
cheater
I think so now you'd have to give up a
binson ounce of privacy to do it but
we're certainly at that point where that
could happen and of course the you know
the the brute force way to do that is
with facial recognition right but people
are going to be wearing masks so what do
you do with facial recognition if ever
if so many people are wearing face masks
so you probably have to do it with a
database situation a person I don't know
on Twitter asks this question are we
going to have a civil war because this
extra lockdown is going to make people
pretty antsy and so as a person
reasonable asks is this going to lead to
civil war now there are some things that
are hard to predict and there's some
things which are not this is solidly in
the category of not hard to predict so
let me tell you exactly what's going to
happen visiter the question of a civil
war there will not be one not even a
little chance
nothing could be closer to zero or or
more zero than the odds of a civil war
let's say between now and you know the
you just to just to put a period on it
the odds of a civil war in the United
States are the lowest they've ever been
right now then it'll never been lower
here's why in order to have a civil war
you have to have an enemy that's in your
own country somebody in your country
you're fighting against who is that
who's the enemy now the enemy is the
virus we're all the same we're on the
same side you don't get a civil war when
your entire civil community is fighting
the same external in this case it got
into the country but you know it's
fighting a third party that's the most
unifying thing that could ever happen to
a country so we are in whatever is the
most opposite of a civil war is what
we're experiencing that we're
experiencing the most unity you could
even see it in the news yeah even the
news is going easy on the president we
felt this is the most unity this country
has had in my lifetimes by far there's
nothing even cloak well 9/11 maybe 9/11
was was one of those points in time what
were the odds that there would be a
civil war within a month of 9/11
happening 0-0 the the odds of a civil
war when when this country is threatened
by any kind of a you know external force
the odds of civil war just goes to zero
and that would be true of every every
country really countries bind together
so if you're going to make a list of
things you should worry about the odds
of a civil war that ones just zero
we've never been further from that if
you're worried that in the person that
commented to said well this could be in
looting well it's kind of hard to loot
right now because unless people will now
amass looting doesn't work you can't be
the one looter you can't be like well
nobody else is looting but I'm gonna do
some looting you know those stores are
all empty
I think I'll break the window because if
you really that you're the only one
you're kind of noticeable your opposite
being caught a hundred percent
so you can't loot one on one and I don't
think we'll have crowds because people
are still are well warned enough that
nobody's gonna really form a looting
crowd it would be a bad strategy you
would just be giving each other viruses
and then how many burglaries or home
invasions are we gonna have when
everybody stay home was zero well
probably not zero but not many people
are going to have their homes burgled
when they're home all day yeah so
burglars are gonna be downloaded murder
is going to be down a lot of crime is
going to be down as well as accidents so
now no risk of the Civil War and I think
also no risk of not having food because
if you went to you know robbed your
neighbor let me just give you the
scenario let's say you're out of food
and you have a gun then you go to your
neighbor you say I've got a gun give me
all your food what is your neighbour
gonna say in the middle of this crisis I
think your neighbor is gonna say what's
the gun for him here's some food if you
need some more food I'll make a run to
the grocery store for you cuz Safeway
has plenty of food nobody's running out
of food you're running out of money
maybe and if you know if you need me to
help you with some some food until the
government check comes in or whatever uh
sure
no problem no problem so nobody's gonna
rob people for food simply because
there'll be plenty of people saying I'll
give you food you don't have to rob
anybody alright um let's see so the
range of people who might die according
to in the United States according to
experts is everything from you know
maybe a hundred thousand if you did
everything right two hundred thousand
to two point two million and I guess the
two point two million is what got
Trump to say yeah let's close everything
now as I've said before if you're
playing it politically and you just
let's say the only thing you were
interested in is getting reelected
I don't think that's the case you know
I've said this before but no matter who
you are be you democrat or republican by
the time you become president I think
there's something about the process and
something about the office that really
does guarantee that your interests are
for the the benefit of the public and
you're being watched them carefully so I
think all presidents genuinely want
what's best for the country
but they also want to get reelected the
best thing for getting reelected is to
not make the mistake of doing too little
so you can see this in a number of ways
so if the relief package had been one
trillion after somebody had suggested it
should be two trillion that would have
been just a mistake
politically I don't know what it would
be economically but politically it would
clearly be a mistake
psychologically probably a mistake
because you don't get penalized for
being too decisive or too aggressive in
an emergency you can get penalized for
not doing enough for being weak so every
time the president has been presented
with a tough option you know the one
that makes them look like a strong
leader versus the you know the weaker
version he has consistently picked
correctly this strong option now the
strong option at the moment most people
would agree that the strongest option is
to close down that's different from the
right option the optimal appa you know
who knows I'm not smart enough to know
but if you're just trying to judge it on
the strength of it whatever that means
to each of us you know we can interpret
that a little bit differently but
closing the whole economy at the risk of
the president losing the crown jewel of
the thing he cares most about in terms
of his accomplishment which is the
economy so you're watching the president
who cares more about the economy than
maybe anybody I mean we care for our own
you know individual
outcomes but I guarantee you this
president really really cares about the
economy for all the right reasons and
all the personal reasons
and don't forget Trump the Trump of
business it could be bankrupt at the end
of this now Trump has said they've got a
good balance sheet but you need a really
good balance sheet to get through you
know no customers for three months or
whatever it's going to be for the Trump
properties so when you watch a leader
who is making a decision that in my
opinion will bankrupt his own fortune
you know Trump might actually be broke
by the time he gets out of office and
that has less to do with the whole
economy that it has to do with the fact
that he's in the you know that leisure
industry and the leisure industry is
just gonna be the hardest hit so
watching a leader make a decision that
in my opinion might bankrupt his own
company and his own family they might I
don't know if it will but I'd say it's
it's got to be in that 50/50 risk just
because everybody in the industry is
going to be at least a 50-50 risk of
bankruptcy at this point so that's a
strong decision strong decisions can be
right and they can be wrong but they
almost never are politically wrong so
long as they're also compatible with
what the experts are saying so Trump is
so politically right this and also
according to the experts right he's
about as right as you can get and you
could argue should have been there
sooner you know what was he talking
about yesterday those those are good
conversations but at the moment he's as
right as you can get all right so I
guess Joe Biden appeared on Meet the
depressed and he was not asked about the
accusations against him by by a woman
who used to work with him on his staff
on his staff you know what I mean
working on his staff during the 90s and
she she has very credible sounding
claims that he me tutor pretty pretty
hard and which is not funny nothing
funny about that
and it's that was credible but you know
even when she tells the story how do I
not get myself in further trouble
there's but what the heck I'll get
myself in further trouble even as she
tells the story the way she tells it and
she's the yeah she's the victim in the
story so you'd expect the victim to put
you know the spin on it that is you know
friendliest of their version and even
she says that Biden even with his
alleged bad behavior seems to have
genuinely been confused about whether
was welcome or not and there's something
in that that's that's important to
understand especially that has to do
with you know male let's say male
perceptions over time you know the way
she tells the story the you know the
alleged victim and the accuser who again
has a very credible sounding story the
way she tells it is that was like he
made a you know a way to aggressive move
the type that you certainly should be
asking for a little bit of you know a
little bit of a you know agreement to
end being on the same page about and
without getting into details let's just
say he you way crossed the line of
something you should do without knowing
it's okay with let's just say that
that's ambiguous but even the way the
victim tells the story it's as if he
didn't know that he literally didn't
know it wasn't okay because he acted in
a way that that well you would only act
if you if you were literally confused
about why it didn't go well and I have
to say like what what do people say
about that story even through the eyes
of the accuser if they if they take the
accusers version of it how do you
process that when you know
they even her version is that he didn't
know he was doing something wrong even
the way she tells it it you know it you
know we have the we have the benefit of
hindsight so we can see it perfectly in
hindsight so we know it's wrong there's
no ambiguity when we're what we're
hearing the story but it is at least a
little bit feasible that Joe Biden
in the 90s the way things were now
saying they should have been that way
I'm not I'm not forgiving anything so
don't take me out of context but you
could kind of see that he actually
wouldn't know which is not an excuse
it's more of a historical point of
interest you know it doesn't forgive
anything have you noticed that the the
standard for quality for broadcast
interviews has gone way down in a good
way well let me give you an example I'm
so old that I was around in the
corporate world when computers were
invented meaning that I lived in a world
with typewriters as the the main
business tool and and watched you know
computers come in and replace them and
during that transition there was this
weird thing that happened in corporate
America and if you're young you're just
gonna laugh at this dude just have pity
for the people in my age group that we
went through the following so I'd be in
my cubicle in corporate America and I
need to write a memo to let's say some
manager and another group but I had to
go through my boss now that doesn't
sound so bad right you have to write a
memo to somebody who's above you in
another department well of course they
should probably go through your boss
just to make sure you don't you know do
anything dumb but the way we had to do
it was I would have in those days a
little computer with a dot matrix
printer so the process was I would write
up my letter the draft form and printed
on a dot matrix but you are not allowed
you were not allowed to give a printout
from a dot matrix printer
to a manager in the company because that
would be unprofessional it's a dot
matrix printer
had to be printed it had to be typed on
a Selectric typewriter so you take the
dot matrix printer and you give it to
the your boss's secretary at the time
back when that was actual job title and
the secretary would retype what you
typed but on this electrics and then she
would show it to you and then you say no
there's some typos and she'd have to
retype it and then you'd be happy that
she had typed what you had on your dot
dot matrix and then you would take that
to your boss and your boss would change
it every time not most of the time not a
lot of time every time and then you
would start from scratch again and you
would go back to your dot matrix printer
and you would make the changes you give
it back to the secretary she would
retype it on this electrics with their
errors you would have to change those
errors again because it's being retype
from scratch and then you show it to
your boss again and your boss says you
know yeah there's one thing I forgot to
tell you and then he changes it again
and you go right back to the cycle again
so the process of sending a memo to
somebody in my own company that I knew
personally who just happened to be a
level above me in management could take
two weeks it's not a joke you could
spend two weeks because you have to get
your managers attention and time after
time and the secretary has to not be
working on something two weeks to send
an email to somebody that you know who
is a hundred yards down that way in the
office two weeks that was typical and so
what happened of course is that things
evolved to the point where the
casualness of communications went way
way way way down because they just had
to so at this point in any business I
think it wouldn't be that big a deal to
send a poorly written mistyped email to
somebody at a level above you copy your
boss or not copy your boss everything's
more casual now so you know
so so the world accepted the casualness
of email because you just had to after a
while you couldn't wait two weeks every
time to exchange a memo but I think the
same thing is happening because of this
shutdown I'm watching a lot of the major
broadcast networks doing basically Skype
quality interviews with split screens
and I'm watching it and I'm thinking I
don't mind that at all so I'm watching
people who have to you know mute their
camera because their kids are screaming
in the background and you know the cat
walks by and you know somebody opens the
door behind them and you hear a siren
and the back and stuff and you know the
news industry of course would prefer not
to do that they'd like a nice clean
professional headshot well you've said
thank you for asking that question let
me talk about my professional knowledge
and give you the background that's the
way it's always been done but I think
this the the shutdown what's this called
by the way do we have a name for this
where we're all staying home it's not a
quarantine visit but I think it's
lowered our expectations or or at least
our standards for what a split screen
interview would look like and I think
that's actually gonna be a crew to the
good in other words I think the whole TV
split-screen interview thing may forever
become more casual and maybe maybe
anybody can do it at this point at this
point I think I have the hardware and
software that I can put on a a nightly
news show that would be similar in
quality to CNN in terms of you know to
bad interview things of the screen
because that's what they're doing right
now
so some people are yakking the Fox News
will have some legal liability because
they downplayed the coronavirus now when
I say they downplayed it I don't mean
Fox News as an entity I mean there were
individuals mostly opinion people who
downplayed it now can you sue can you
sue a news organization if their opinion
people had the wrong opinion that
doesn't seem like a that doesn't seem
like a lawsuit you could win does it at
what point is having the wrong opinion
legally actionable especially if your
show is clearly presented as opinion if
somebody gives you an opinion and you
act on it like it's a fact
Wow that's a little bit on you isn't it
so the all the news businesses have that
problem of making sure that your opinion
stuff and your new stuff is clearly
delineated there's a real issue that
people can't tell the difference you
know I think CNN is a little more
ambiguous about what's opinion than
what's news I think Fox does a much
better job of labeling who's an opinion
person who's a news person I mean it's a
little more obvious over there but still
you do know that people are turning on
the animate and treating it like it's
the news even though he's as clear as he
could be that he's an opinion show but
people probably taken his news
you have to know that's true but could
it be actionable
I can't see how you know I'd hate to
think it would be so there's a little
weird little article about the President
of Mexico who was visiting I guess he
was doing a political visit to the home
turf of El Chapo so that the area in
Mexico where El Chapo I don't know if he
was born or his family was there or
whatever so El Chapo is in jail but the
Mexican president stops and goes over
and shakes hands with el chapo his
mother I think it was her birthday or El
Chapo his birthday somebody's birthday
and acted like they knew each other
pretty well and they were quite friendly
and some video that the President of
Mexico you know stopped his motorcade
got out and personally shook hands with
the elderly mother of El Chapo and had
some nice words with her
it's
he got her a letter I assumed her letter
was something about her son and I
thought to myself wow how am I supposed
to feel about that how am I supposed to
feel about the president of New Mexico
being quite friendly will that El Chapo
is mom certainly raises an eyebrow
doesn't it
well I've been saying for a while that
we should maybe just drop the charade
that the government of Mexico and the
cartels are separate entities maybe they
they certainly have separate job
descriptions but then I will think we
can assume that the government is trying
to crack down on them the cartels can we
I would say that that's not a thing all
right
I wonder if we're gonna see a bunch of
authors going on podcasts such as mine
because they can't do book doors so let
me put this out there my knowledge of
the book industry is that there are
there are two big releases each year so
there's a there's a big release in the
spring or the summer spring or summer so
it's coming up around June ish I think I
don't know exactly the dates but then
there's another one in the autumn before
Christmas so my books I usually released
in the autumn because they tend to be
gift items you know for Christmas but
there could be a whole bunch of authors
who can't do a book to her and can sell
their book and they just spend you know
a year or two building this book and
just can't market it because he can't
get on TV nobody wants to interview with
yet cetera so I'm hoping that the
podcasters of the world can pick up the
slack and maybe maybe reach out to some
of the big publishers because they
wouldn't be hungry for audience at this
point I would imagine all the big
publishers shouldn't be hard to find one
if there's a favorite author you think
has a book coming out and you're a
podcaster and you said yourself under
normal circumstances I would never be
able to get this famous author to come
on my little podcast but I bet you could
now
about you would be surprised that you
could get an author to come on your
podcast now because the options are low
all right looking at your comments
getting phone calls and what that means
Korona and chill let's see there will be
an avalanche of new books so stefan
molyneux is using zoom well you know I
think using zoom for podcasts is no risk
you know that the fact that zooms
traffic goes through and some servers in
China would be terrible if you were a
big corporation with corporate secrets
but if you're just doing a podcast that
you're gonna release anyway zoom would
be a great product
let's see Bret Easton Ellis does this on
his show okay
good time to call your favorite
celebrity Dennis Miller went on Dave
Rubin to wear a mask Scott so I was that
I opened a cupboard yesterday and I
found a m95 mask that I don't know it's
been sitting on the shelf for probably a
few years I don't know why it was used
or went and I thought to myself okay if
an n95 mask is sitting in a dry cupboard
and there's you know no great humidity
or any problems like that it's been
there for a few years is that safe I
mean I know it's safe from the
coronavirus because it's been sitting
there since before it existed but
there's a safe in general if it's just
sitting in a cupboard can any can any
prior germs live there for years of the
years I don't know doesn't it seem to
you that we should get going on genetic
testing because I think that might be
another way to get some people back to
work faster and
we probably only have to let people who
have been exposed to it out at first
that might be the first wave but soon
after it seems like you also should
release people who might be let's say
they've got a prescription for
hydroxychloroquine and they have a
genetic makeup that's the the least
dangerous one
suppose you had those two things you're
you're on the drug let's say the doctors
decide ok you do shed maybe a little if
you catch it but you were also on the
drug at the same time maybe you would
even not even notice you had symptoms so
maybe you know technically you could
shed it but the odds are low I can
imagine that we would keep tweaking our
strategy based on what we learned and I
can easily imagine that people who had
the right genetic makeup let's say
they're not overweight and chronic
smokers and elderly or whatever and then
they're also on the hydroxychloroquine
maybe that's the second wave of people
who can go back to work alright I have a
suggestion for you are you ready goes
like this
do you remember during the Revolution
the Revolutionary War there was a famous
seamstress her name was Betsy Ross Betsy
Ross and her friends sewed flags so the
famous Betsy Ross famous for sewing
something at home to help with the fight
we have that same situation now wouldn't
you like a government-approved design
you know with experts wouldn't you like
that the the administration just
published a make it home mask so it
yourself with your either by hand or
maybe with your sewing machine some
specifications about what materials to
use because you wouldn't want to go to
the store to buy materials you'd want to
be able to use that old pillowcase or
you know the old jeans the jeans that
you don't wear anymore you want to be
able to cut out some pieces so wouldn't
you like to have a Betsy Ross design
just to do a callback to a famous
seamstress a Betsy Ross design that you
could make out your prior to us having
enough in 95 etc I think you would
because people are a home a lot of
people know how to sew especially a
certain generation they've got their
sewing machines you don't think you're
your grandmother and her sewing machine
would sort of be happy to have something
to do it's if she had the design and the
government specifications would she make
some Betsy Ross masks I think she would
I think she would maybe a good thing to
do just to make people feel like they're
part of something all right I think
that's all I want to talk about today so
you saw a poster of a woman sorry masks
yeah I think that all over the country
that are people making their own masks
but I don't think they're working on a
common design so it's the it's the
feeling like you're a part of the larger
effort that's adds a little fun to it
and giving it the Betsy Ross brand if
you will you know takes you back to a
time when you know you have to sew a
piece of fabric and it actually made a
difference to the war effort and we're
there now there are also sewing machines
that you can program right can't you
program a sewing machine to whip out
masks fairly quickly if you if you had
cut the squares or if you had cut the
components couldn't you program these
new sewing machines even at your home
you know they're pretty programmable to
just scope remember remember and put a
mask now there are also sorry machines
in which you can sew like a pattern on
something could you not create a mask
design for the people who have the
programmable I guess you could do it by
hand - but programmable sewing machine -
put a little American flag on it so that
you you will say it's a any color could
be any color mask but the you know the
common design is that where your mouth
is would be a little American flag or
something like that maybe it's
the side I don't know wherever it goes
best be kind of fun all right that's my
Gus suggested for the day and always
somebody says their church has done
thousands yeah all I really want is a
common design that's the the Betsy Ross
version and you can put a flag on it
that's what I'd like to see they're not
too OSHA safety approved that is true
but I think the experts are coming
around to the idea that's better than
nothing better than nothing all right
that's all for now
I will talk to you tonight 7 o'clock
Pacific ten o'clock Eastern