bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here we got
stuff to talk about don't we yeah lots
of stuff turns out there was news all
over the place last night there was news
in the sky news in the ground news
everywhere and you can't really enjoy
the news until you've enjoyed coffee
with Scott Adams but luckily you're here
I'm here you have almost everything you
need and when I say almost everything
you need if you want to enjoy the
simultaneous up you're also gonna need a
cop or a mugger glass the tanker
chalices tie in the canteen Joker flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like my coffee and
somebody says I interrupted them
listening to my book a loser you think
that's a that's a lot of me
that's too much of me you gotta choose
alright get ready it's time for the dope
immediate of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous sip here it comes oh
well by now you're all caught up on the
events of last night so there was there
were a few dozen I know or maybe 15
missiles or 22 or something that doesn't
matter but there were bunch of missiles
that Iran shot from their territory into
a rocky territory and specifically a
shared Iraqi
US and might have been some other
countries there but it they shot at a
base and despite all of those missiles
were there 22 they think they shot at a
few different places 22 missiles and all
of them missed people 22 missiles and
they all missed people now remember if
you will that Iran recently attacked oil
facilities in Saudi Arabia
how good was their attack on Saudi
Arabia pretty darn accurate wasn't it
so one thing we know for sure is that
Iran has the capability of an accurate
attack but last night their attack was
not accurate it was whatever is the
opposite of accurate there is
speculation that it was intentional what
do you think was it intentional that
they missed well let's say let's back up
a little bit and start at the beginning
the beginning is check your filters this
is one of those check your filters
moments now if you've been following me
for a while you know what I meet for
those of you who are new what I mean is
that we all have different filters on
life we're all in our own little bubbles
we see world see we see the world
subjectively some from the filter of the
laugh some from the right and I always
suggest what I call the persuasion
filter now sometimes I depart that
filter but the point is whatever your
filter is that you're using to predict
make a prediction and write it down or
tell somebody I talked about that in my
book loser think because if you want to
see how well you understand the world or
let's say how well your shelter
interprets the world prediction is the
only way you're going to get there right
everybody has a filter that can explain
the past or so they think
but predicting the future that's that's
where the you know that's where the
winners and losers get separated so
compare your predictions - let's say
mine let me tell you what things I said
and then we'll compare it to what
happened
I said Iran is a rational player a lot
of people say Iran is just crazy they
all want to die they make irrational
decisions nothing they do make sense
I said no we have decades of experience
with Iran and every time their ration
now they're rational within their belief
system of what it is that you know they
want to accomplish so there's an Islamic
you know kind of umbrella over all this
stuff but within that it all it makes
perfect sense now it might be some
strategies that work some strategies
that don't work maybe their preferences
are different than ours but it all made
sense everything they were doing had a
reason had a path was a good try at
least
so I predicted that they would act
rationally so far so good I also said
and I don't know correct me if I'm wrong
but I don't know if I don't know if
anybody has said this directly except me
well probably lots of people in the
public hip sickness but can somebody
fact check me on this has anyone else
said what I said but let's say someone
who's in the public eye somebody who's
an expert a pundit somebody who's seen
in the news has anybody else said what I
said from the beginning which is that
the Ayatollah got a promotion to the top
spot
when sulemani died so what I said was
that if you've got one guy who's got a
Koran that that being the Ayatollah and
another guy who's got control of the
entire military plus the intelligence
services who's the boss
it's always the guy with the weapons
it's always the guy with the
intelligence services there's no
exceptions to that Iran wasn't the
exception we apparently have been living
under some kind of fiction that Khomeini
was the top guy in Iran but it's pretty
clear he wasn't so whatever Iran had
been doing a week ago was because the
guy who was dead
wanted it to happen right in a real
world the guy with the weapons is in
charge so so that so now we don't have
confirmation of that but the basic idea
is that how many was happy
the Sullivan he got killed now let's
look at the evidence to see if it tracks
with what we've seen we saw a company
crying in public over the death of
Solomon II but the close-up shows no
tears and we know that there's something
about the Iranian culture where there's
a where there's almost a theatrical
crying that you do a mourner and
mourning situations so apparently it was
that no tears now I'm willing to be
fact-check on that if somebody has if
there's another photo of him actually
shedding a tear that I would actually
modify my opinion that might be
different let's say I said I predicted
that Iran would not attack in any direct
way that could be attributed to them in
other words the proxies might do things
that were sort of a gray area but we
wouldn't be entirely sure if Iran
ordered it you know it would be some
kind of weird gray area well that's not
exactly what happened although I think
we'll still see some proxies get
involved because they're at least semi
autonomous autonomous but talk about a
gray area we got the best gray area ever
and well let me give you one more thing
I said another thing that I've been
saying I've said this with the North
Korea situation I said it this time and
I remind you always that being on the
brink of war looks exactly like being on
the brink apiece because when you're on
the brink of war that's when everybody
gets focused that's when everybody's
serious that's when everybody realizes
you're out of time that's when everybody
realizes you can't mess around anymore
so being on the brink of war looks
exactly like being on the brink of peace
there's no difference and so I don't
know who else was saying that we were on
the brink of peace but I think I'm the
only one and again will somebody fact
check me on that was there anybody in
the public eye who said this is shaping
up like
best thing for peace we've ever seen
before the missile attack yeah is there
anybody else who said that in the entire
world at least in the public I don't
think so I think I'm the only person who
said that that we were really close to
peace we'll talk a little bit more about
that there's something that I have a
private label for called
the I call it the magic trick now a
magic trick
by its nature is that you believe
something that's impossible happen such
as a rabbit appears in a hat well that's
impossible
but it looks like it happened that's
what a magic trick is right in
international politics you sometimes
need to do a magic trick and the magic
trick in this case what was to do the
impossible so Iran was tasked with doing
the impossible that's the situation they
were in here's the impossible situation
Iran had to had to strike back the
United States they had to it's built
into their culture they the government
needed it for domestic purposes they had
to they had no no choice they had to
strike back but at the same time they
had to not strike back they had to
strike back but they also had to not
strike back because the whole country
would be destroyed it was pretty clear
that Trump was going to take out their
major facilities if they say went too
far so what is the solution to you have
to do something but you also have to not
do something and they're both absolutes
there's no wiggle room you have to do it
and you have to not do it exactly the
same time it's impossible so what do you
do you do a magic trick and the magic
trick is you attack without attacking
you want to attack in the way that you
can tell your domestic audience man we
slap them around we slept at American in
public around we not the public but we
slept the military red man we slapped
him in the face which is what the
Ayatollah said he said we
a slap in the face to the United States
and the United States said that's it
because it feels like you deliberately
missed us because we know you can aim we
just watched your aim as Saudi Arabia's
facilities and there's not much left of
them so all of those missiles all of the
Mist that feels a little deliberate now
there's also some reporting I'm not
up-to-date on so maybe you can fill me
in but there's some reporting that we
got some warning the warning might have
been a general warning so that would
have been good enough probably but it
might have also I'm just gonna say might
it might have been a specific warning
sort of a back-channel warning that says
you know if you're at this base maybe
get in a bomb shelter maybe you don't go
out and in the tarmac so much maybe what
stay away from that road and of the base
you know just stay away from that area I
wouldn't be surprised if the Americans
had direct warning that there was going
to be a magic trick so the magic trick
has been pulled off how how rational do
you need to be to pull off a magic trick
this good I mean it's it's not this good
and the senseless fooling us but it's
this good in the sense that it looks
like it worked now is Iran rational
would you at least agree with me that
this was rational it's probably the most
rational thing you've ever seen in your
life good luck finding a solution to
this situation that would be more
rational than what Trump and the
Ayatollah just did you know collectively
they're their people this is the most
clever rational thing you've got
received right in front of you it's
actually kind of impressive so here's
the if you've watched me for a while you
know that I like to take
risks on my predictions especially I
especially like the ones that are
contrarian because they mean the most
meaning that if you take a strong
contrarian view and it turns out to be
right such as predicting that Trump will
be President that sort of thing that
means more than something that was a
50-50 anyway you know if something is a
ninety nine one and you take the one
that probably means more than if it was
a 50-50 and you got lucky you were on
the right side so as soon as the
missiles flew and we had the news that
the missiles were starting to land but
before we knew anything about the damage
I tweeted this operations symbolic
revenge has started now I just noted the
time of that because I want to see if
anybody else and again comparing
predictions is what we're doing here so
some will be wrong someone will be right
I'm not I'm not saying all of mine are
right I'm saying that the process is
seeing which are right in which it wrong
is very important for you as well as me
and so I did that at 7:19 Easter time I
don't remember when the when we first
heard that there was no deaths but
that's how early I predicted that it was
a symbolic act how symbolic means not
intending to kill people right I mean
obviously that's what it means so how
are my predictions I got wrong that so
far I think I'll still be right but I
got wrong that there would be ambiguous
proxy attacks I don't know that we've
heard of any I think we're going to see
more of those I mean I think going
forward if only because Iran doesn't
control everything all the time I mean
there there must be independent groups
who just want to you know send a rocket
into Israel for their own purposes no
matter what so probably we'll see that
but from the beginning I said that we're
closer to peace and that Solomon a is
probably the problem think about this
will you the officials in Iran have
called their attack
proportionate can just wrap your head
around that Iran you know are let's say
I'm gonna call them a rival not an enemy
I don't like calling Iran the country an
enemy because they're not there's
basically one person in the country
who's making some decisions we don't
like the top guy and then there's you
know seventy million Iranians that we
think are pretty cool so Iran is not the
enemy I like to always like to clarify
that no matter how clear you think it
was before you know you can't clarify
that enough I think I over clarified and
forgot my point but yeah I didn't forget
my point but I'll circle back to it
here's here's some other things that are
fascinating about this somehow this week
Iran and the United States solved each
other's biggest problems were some of
their biggest problems did you notice
that now it seems to be somewhat
accidental somewhat coincidental but
it's kind of weird
that all of our problems got solved
simultaneously and here's what I mean
what was Iran's biggest problem but or
biggest problems number one the internal
protests this is a sort of thing that
makes the internal protests slow down
doesn't it because the Iranians are
saying oh you know maybe at least for
now we're all Arabians because there's
some danger it wouldn't be a normal
response right if your country is
potentially under attack that's a very
focusing thing for nationalism so we've
accidentally probably just temporarily
but accidentally taking the steam and if
any Iranian protests so that's that's
good for Iran
secondly we got rid of Solomon a who I
believe was Iran's biggest problem and
and this is just my speculation based on
evidence I've seen probably also
the ayatollahs biggest problem and
certainly the biggest problem for the
citizens of Iran because he was causing
all the trouble
at the same time Iran seems to have
solved our biggest problem which is that
we didn't have a good path out of Iraq
now we do suddenly we have a path to
leave Iraq now I don't know if we will
maybe we'll leave some bases maybe we'll
I think we've reached what I call the
Sundance Kid phase do you know if the
Sundance Kid phase is if you ever ever
watched the classic movie Butch Cassidy
and the Sundance Kid there's an opening
scene that is very famous among script
writers because in terms of the script
it's considered one of the strongest
scenes ever written so it's famous for
writers as well as just movie goers and
the scene involves Robert Redford who
plays a character called the Sundance
Kid who is a renowned gunfighter but not
everybody knows him by face because it's
the Old West so you don't have
photographs and he's in a card game and
he gets accused of cheating he didn't
cheat but he gets accused of cheating by
some Rando on the other side of the
table and unbeknownst to the person who
accused him of cheating he just accused
the best gunfighter in the West of
cheating which means this guy's gonna be
dead in a minute unless he read nigs
reneged on his accusation unless he
recalls it and Butch Cassidy seeing this
situation evolved and not wanting
anybody to die tries to intervene he's
not playing I don't know if he was at
the table or he just walked in or
something I care another scene exactly
but butch Cassidy's like no you don't
understand
you know you don't want to do this and
he tells the random guy that he's
dealing with the Sundance Kid so
suddenly the guy who has accused him of
cheating just realized that he's seconds
away from being shot to death if he
keeps up his accusation and the Sundance
Kid looks at him and he says and he says
essentially I'm butchering this but he
says that he won't leave
until the guy asks him to stay and the
guys kind of confused and Sunday as kid
just says asked me to stay you have to
ask me to stay
basically he's giving the guy way out
and the guy finally understands what's
going on knowing he could be shot to
death in a moment and he says will you
stay and the Sundance Kid and just the
greatest movie scene every ghost now
I've got to go Thanks
takes his chips and he leaves so the
point of that story being that the
Sundance Kid couldn't leave until he was
asked to stay because his honor depended
on that that it was his decision
likewise the American presence in Iraq
is a little like that we'd love to leave
but not until they ask us to stay now
who knows how this will go but if the
Iraqi government could find its way to
ask us to stay we might be a little more
willing to leave I don't know if that's
the case because we have lots of
strategic purposes to be over there I
suppose I just don't know what they are
given the number of bases that we have
it in the general area how much do we
need bases in Iraq I don't know so I
suppose we're there to protect them from
the from Iran I don't know
that didn't work so we may have solved
accidentally solved each other's biggest
problems and I think we know it because
we've got a we've got a legitimate path
out of Iraq and we've educated the
public about what the situation is and
the Ayatollah and he came out ahead
oh here's what here's the part I forgot
the circling back to it so Rand said
that their attack on our base was
proportionate response to us killing the
head of their military what what the
hell does a proportionate response even
mean if that was a proportionate
response I don't even know what
proportion it means anymore
we killed
we killed the number one guy in their
country he was the leader of the country
effectively because he was you know he
had the power of the Ayatollah because
he had all the weapons we killed the top
guy in their country they sent some
missiles into the desert and then they
said we're good
proportionate what does that tell you
about iran's opinion of salomon a it
tells you they don't care he got killed
that's how I read it I can't read this
any other way when they say that that
was a proportionate response it could be
just because they're trying to avoid war
that would be a good reason actually but
I can't see them calling it
proportionate I feel as if they might
say something more like well it's not
proportionate but at least we're happy
for now but calling a proportionate sort
of makes Solomon a it looks like he
wasn't that important in the first place
if the if the equal response was sending
some missiles into the desert come see
it here's another good prediction Jack
pasaba Kuenn it was very early in what
looked like an attack he tweeted this
initial reports always overstated
military activity take a deep breath and
wait for confirm to damage assessments
now there's a tweet that really aged
well I mean there was only a few hours
until we knew that there was no human
damage but that's that's an experienced
tweet initial reports always overstate
military activity keep that just keep
that in mind you're just always that's
always overstated I believe the Iranian
press at one point reported the 30
Americans were killed and there was
maybe NBC reported that somebody
reported that and of course pulled it
back later
here's an update on what I criticize
President Trump for quite aggressively
criticized him for saying that we might
bomb Iranian quote cultural sites and I
said that was a gigantic mistake because
that's personal you know you don't want
any of this stuff to be personal that's
the last thing you want and saying will
bomb the things that you know have
meaning to your heart and your soul and
your culture that was just I said just a
mistake just a flat-out mistake now
other people have suggested that the
real reason for that was to tell Iran
that they can't hide their good stuff in
their cultural sites because we're gonna
bomb it anyway that might be true in
fact I would say that's likely true I
would say it's likely true that the
purpose of what Trump said was to warn
her and that there's no safe place to
hide any stuff
don't put your good good missiles in the
mosque because the mosque will disappear
if you want to keep the mosque you know
put the missiles somewhere else because
the the missiles are gonna disappear
either way it's up to you whether it's
in a mosque
I think that's productive but I think
maybe the cost of it was too high in
terms of how the Iranian public would
would take that so I'm gonna still put
that in a mistake category but it wasn't
mistake that didn't have a let's say a
purpose there may have been a military
purpose that was accomplished by that at
the expense of some public impression
we'll see if that was a good trade-off I
don't know if there's any way to measure
that Khomeini said the US should leave
the region
because military action like this is not
sufficient what is important is ending
the corrupting presence of America in
the region so they still want America
out of the region but you know just
because it's corrupting I mean that's a
pretty weak statement so there's that
one of the reasons I predict
did that we would avoid all-out war with
Iran will sound funny in retrospect now
I suppose we could still have all-out
war with Iran but it certainly doesn't
look like it's heading that way
and the weird thing is that we were on
the brink of war or so many people
thought over our agreement I've never
seen that before of you normally when
you have a war it's because you disagree
on something who opens something you
know or somebody wants to capture some
these resources or it's revenge so there
are reasons for war but have you ever
seen people fight a war because they
completely agreed on something
and what I mean by that is that Iran
mostly once the United States to leave
Iraq at the same time the United States
wants to leave Iraq I mean at least the
public's do how often do you get a war
when you both violently agree on the
main point the United States wants to
get the hell out of Iraq in retrospect
now you look at it and you say okay now
that the the fear and the emotions are
down when you're looking about looking
at it from the perspective in history
you're gonna say to yourself was it
really likely we would have an all-out
war over an agreement over a
disagreement yes but over an agreement
that's weird
now the details of how we would leave
and when we're certainly up in the air
but basically we're on the same page we
want to get the hell out of there
so here's a here's what I'd like to see
somebody turn into a meme for me maybe
you could tweet it at me I'd like to see
the death count from solamente so here
here's the here's the number of people
that Saleh mani is responsible for their
deaths directly or indirectly is
responsible apparently since he was the
head of the military he is responsible
for something like 15
Iranian citizens who were protesters
being killed by the regime so that would
be 1,500 Iranians the Salomon he killed
in his own country there were of course
the passengers in his car some Iraqi
some some not but he's certainly
responsible for the deaths of the people
in the car indirectly because he was a
target 40 Iranians died mourning the
death of Solomon II so that's 40
Iranians who didn't need to die except
that Solomon he lived if you hear some
noise my cats going crazy in the
background then you have this tragic
story of the Ukraine airline that
coincidentally crashed after takeoff
from Tehran at about the same time the
Rockets were being fired okay is that a
coincidence I don't think that's a
coincidence eventually we're going to
find out that Iran shot down their own
airline and on it where I think 76
Iranian passengers and some bunch of
Canadians who were victims as well so
that's 76 Iranians that probably would
not have died except for Solomon a
having once lived and then how many
Iraqis have died because of something
that's all a man agent that's a big
number right we don't know I don't know
if that number is so I'd like to see the
death count of non Americans you know
just sort of the list of people who
mostly Iranians especially but Iraqis
and Iranian who died because Solomon II
was who he was you know either directly
or indirectly how many died it's a big
number
we should be looking at that Ian Bremmer
who you might know from Twitter and from
various news programs he's often in the
news as an expert he's a political
scientist author columnist at time and
president of Eurasia group all of that
means that he knows what he's talking
about in international events
and he tweets this this doesn't he said
this doesn't mean it's the end of us
Aram conflict there's no mission
accomplished but for everyone who
thought killing Salomon a was going to
lead to war now it established red lines
and deterrence if US now wants to engage
in diplomacy there's a real window there
it is there's a real window we're closer
to peace than we are to war and at least
there's one expert in international
stuff who is recognized that recognize
that that and trying to call it out Joe
Biden called Trump quite quote
dangerously incompetent for killing
Salomon a does it still look like that
this morning do you think the Democrats
can call Trump dangerously incompetent
if what we got was this this looked a
little more like amazingly right on
target
it looks like history is going to
absolve Trump for taking out the Soliman
a too early to say but if I had to
predict I would say that this will be
taking Oh Solomon a I think is going to
be Trump's greatest international
success if it leads to something good
for the ramp now there are two paths
that Iran could take we don't know which
path they will take one path is that
they the scariest path is that they say
oh let's listen out fight anymore we'll
just go back to the way things were but
the things the way things were is that
they've they will develop nuclear
weapons and they would keep funding
proxies to attack Israel and anybody
else we like the smartest thing they
could do is if they intended to be that
bad actor going forward is to say no
no war now and the United States would
probably agree and then they would just
go back to business as usual which would
be as dangerous as it was before so
that's a good chance that they'll just
go back to you know what they were doing
before but there's another possibility
and that possibility has to do with the
fact this Solomon II was the mean
obstacle to a better world so the
Ayatollah well let me put it this way
war is a young man's game conquest is a
young man's game now if you're a
historian I'd like I'd like to hear some
exceptions but mostly my understanding
is they younger guys you know their 50s
40s etc tend to be the ones who are
creating war and by the time you get to
80 you're starting to think well yeah
it's not the last thing I wanted to do
before I die do you think the Ayatollah
wants to be on his deathbed which can't
be that far away I mean he's a pretty
old guy do you think he wants to be on
his deathbed having brought Iran into a
major war probably not do you think
Solomon a would have been happy bringing
Iran into a major conflict if there was
some chance that he could you know gain
territory and power and all that maybe
so so I think that the difference is
somebody says it's a testosterone
difference I think you're right the
younger males have more testosterone and
probably more aggressive tendencies in
general so my guess is that however a
war like Solomon a was and remember I
think he was the top guy until he got
taken out I doubt that Khamenei at his
current age and the Kurdish situation is
ition for violence probably not
he might be I'm not gonna can't rule it
out right so I'm gonna say this is that
this is sort of a toss-up there's a 50%
chance that nothing will change and Iran
will just keep doing bad stuff and
develop a nuclear weapon but
there's at least a 50% chance that the
Ayatollah wasn't quite on board with
whatever Solomon a was trying to get
accomplished
now given that Iran has has a let's say
responded with an almost purely symbolic
attack could they be convinced to take
their jihad their war there there let's
say the revolution Islamic Revolution
could they be convinced to take it to
the Internet and the war of ideas could
Iran be convinced now now that their
most warlike general is off the field
could they now be convinced that they
can have the war they want the
revolution they want but take it to the
field of ideas if they can't convince
people that their ideas are better
through the internet through
conversation through debate through
through persuasion if that doesn't work
they're gonna have to question the power
of their own God because if God can't
win let you win a debate on the Internet
well he's not helping you as much as you
want let's talk about that plane so the
plane killed so tragically the and what
are the odds that it would it be a
ukrainian flight
it's ukraine international airlines i
don't know what to say about this all
last night people were tweeting at me
and messaging me about the simulation
the i always talk about code reuse
because the same the same events and
stories repeat in ways that you think
well that can't be repeating there's no
reason that could repeat and and and
obviously the fact that it's a ukraine
airplane that went down with iranians on
board makes everybody say what are the
odds that it would be an ukrainian
airline of all things what are the odds
of that now i'm not going to say that's
proof of the simulation i'm just going
to say wow that's weird
there was an Iranian official who
tweeted just the Iranian flag as you
know when President Trump did his
actions against Albany he the only thing
he tweeted that evening was an American
flag and some top official in Iran sort
of paste him meaning matched him by an
Iranian flag when they when they
attacked back when they symbolically
attack attacked back and I thought to
myself that's actually a pretty good
sign because that is a conversation when
people are in a conversation they tend
not to kill each other it's when the
conversation stops you have to get
worried and when the when Iran sort of
mocks the president I don't know if it's
mocking or meeting him halfway know what
would it be called to be I guess
matching his messaging by tweeting their
own flag I feel as though that's a
conversation meaning that they're
they're being interactive with us as
long as they're being interactive the
meaning that what they do is because of
what we do and they're they're following
our communication and they're matching
it and stuff those are all good signs
that those are the signs of somebody who
wants to get a deal done
now I may be reading too much into that
because it might have been just one
Iranian official who thought it would be
a funny tweet or a provocative tweet or
something so it might have been just
that but the things you look for are
where they're they're matching your
conversation you want you want to look
for signs of engagement you know like
like if if we pull they they push yeah
if you're attached by a string let's
call it a string theory if you feel
attached by a string that's a good sign
how would you like to be a Democratic
candidate for president this week
because you almost have to hope for the
failure of American foreign policy for
any chance to win
let me tell you if if the next several
months what comes out of this is the
Trump makes progress with maybe even the
nuclear stuff I don't know that that
will happen that's that that would be
the hardest ask what as possible and
they took and they may have we may be in
the best place we've ever been with Iran
in at least in recent decades so if that
happens what do you do if you're a
Democrat running against them like do
you actually end up at home saying I
wish those missiles had killed somebody
like what what the heck are you doing
and that must be the most the most
annoying thing that things are going so
well and I think they are going well
here's a question I have about that jet
that went down now it's being reported
at least in one publication
I think Daily Mail I saw at the UK
publication that there were quote holes
holes in the fuselage meaning looking
like it had been hit by some kind of
explosion or something which would
indicate that it was taken down by a
military action accidentally presumably
I don't know that I can look at holes in
a wreck because you know it's basically
there's some holes you know in the
fuselage on the ground and I look at
that and I go I don't know does that
mean does it mean what it might mean or
does it mean nothing I don't know seems
like if if your whole plane gets
destroyed there could be holes in the
fuselage that would look like something
else but here's my question
why was the airport opened why was
turan's Airport sending planes into the
air at the same time they were sending
missiles into the air wouldn't it have
been just sort of good military I don't
know good hygiene to say immediately
call the control tower at
moment you something you don't want to
tell them in advance right but the
moment that missiles are launched
shouldn't the first phone call be to
your own airports and say close down
close down close down military action
you know get will get back to you but
stop all planes so that's just a
question I don't know enough about the
situation but why was the airport open
the main airport in Tehran like I don't
understand whether that was open now I
assume that we're gonna find out that
Iran shot it down don't you wouldn't you
assume that that's what we're gonna you
know even if we don't have a confirmed
baby they'll never give us the black box
that seems possible but why was the
airport open so I think we're on a
weirdly good path I don't know when the
president is going to talk maybe he's
already talking but when the president
talks we're going to know a lot more
about that let me talk about some other
stuff every time every time YouTube D
monetizes my videos because these
periscopes get downloaded and then
uploaded to YouTube in an hour - but
every time that YouTube D monetizes me
I'm going to tweet two commercials for
what other competitors so I'll just do
this forever so you can ignore the
tweets after a while but there are
several competitors one of them is rock
FEM ROK FIM
and my content is already on rock fin
but you have to be a subscribe paid
subscriber to see it bit suit bi t CH ut
bit suit as a competitor and something
called lb are y dot TV library lb or y
dot TV so there's a competitors to
YouTube I like to give them some
attention whenever YouTube D monetizes
me which they do every day for no reason
by the way YouTube doesn't give any
reason and I know there's no reason
because every day we ask them to review
it manually and every day they reverse
it
so if there were had been reasons they
wouldn't reverse it but they do reverse
it every time so I know there are no
reasons except let's say corporate
reasons let me give you some good news
reported today that the cancer death
rate declined to 29% from 1991 to 2017
including a 2.2 percent drop from 2016
to 2017 the steady 26 year decline is
driven by long term drops and death
rates for the the big cancers 29 percent
that's pretty good and I think that
we're not even close to where this could
go so we've got a really big foothold on
cancer here's another one apparently the
we know now from studies that the risk
of Al's Eimer at least the symptoms of
Alzheimer can be cut in half by mental
and physical activity in other words if
you keep your mind active and your body
active your risk of Alzheimer is half or
at least a half as much impact think
about that half just by being active now
of course that's my mantra if you've
read my book had a feel and almost
everything and still win big you know
that I'm big on staying active every day
and keeping mentally active I believe
that's why I am mentally like a teenager
always active and then the most fun
story of the day there's a British man
who attempted to burn down a synagogue
that's not the funny part there's
nothing funny about burning down the
synagogue but in this particular case
there's a security video of him putting
the the gas through a window he broke
and then he throws in the match and the
match lights it up and the whole thing
blows back in his face it catches his
hair on fire and so look in my Twitter
feed if you want a guilty pleasure it's
harder to get a more guilty pleasure
than watching a synagogue arson catch
his own hair on fire there are very few
things that you'll enjoy more than that
unless you're a good person apparently
I'm not a good person because I enjoyed
that too much
somebody's mocking me not me but
somebody's putting British man in quotes
yes there may be more information on who
that British man is but we don't know
that now so oh yes and then apparently
there's some there's some kind of
success with the nick-san man and the
the Covington kids he was one of the
Covington kids and he sued CNN and
apparently he's making some success
there but I don't know that details
yes CNN settled that's the best report
but remember settling does not mean
guilty settling does not mean you've
admitted you're guilty anyway yeah we
don't know how much the settlement is
probably we never will I imagine that'll
be that'll be confidential 25 million
mmm-maybe reported settlement was 27
million somebody's saying in the
comments I don't know if we'll ever find
that out yeah I would be I would be
skeptical about the reporting because
I'm pretty sure they're not allowed to
talk about it so anything you hear it
would be somebody who's not allowed to
talk about it and maybe they're not so
incredible so somebody says they settled
to prevent having internal documents
released in Discovery well that would be
a good reason the other reason to settle
is you think you're gonna lose you don't
need to worry about the document thing
it could be just sufficient that if you
took it to court you would lose more so
they decided to make it go away yeah all
right but that's death story you know
those stories don't interest me as much
because they're really about one person
you know one person's situation and
those are
and those are less interesting than
things that affect all of us
all right there's an Amazon Alexa loop a
ring to wear and control is that a thing
somebody because I was talking about
using it's funny I had it in my hand a
ring to control things and somebody's
acting as if that already exists I'm
just see a loop oh my god it looks like
it might exist
wait did this just get introduced this
is brand new
uh-huh this would be weird oh my god
there it is introducing now you can't
see it let me let me bring down the
temperature on this there it is there's
a picture of the Amazon ring for
controlling things I'm having kind of a
freakout moment yeah did this go out
today like the day after I talked about
it someone made it yesterday Oh somebody
says I heard about it last week yes it's
tech week in Vegas it's been out for a
while somebody says okay well I hadn't
heard of this but so I don't so I think
it doesn't count as a prediction because
I predicted the past apparently but if
you look at Dilbert comics from decades
ago you'll see that I predicted the ring
as the controlling device now let me say
something else about Amazon's digital
assistant whose name I will not mention
because I have one behind me I don't
want to trigger it I've been living with
the Amazon digital assistants in
different rooms and sort of living that
life where you've got basically a robot
that you can talk to it any time and I
got to tell you I am completely addicted
to it meaning that when I travel also
sometimes being
Hotel and it won't have a digital
assistant actually the high-end hotels
actually do have an Amazon digital
system sometimes Google so I am two
hotels are putting them in the hotels
but when I go to a hotel and I'll be
standing in the hotel room and I'll
start to talk to the computer and there
isn't one
and and I'll really feel the lack of it
in other words several times a day let
me tell you my one of my greatest uses
for the for the device is asking at what
time it is because there are lots of
times when you have your hands full your
phone is on the other side of the thing
you're doing something you know you're
in the bathtub there's just some reason
that you can't get to something that
will tell you the time ask you at the
time asking at the weather asking at the
hours of stores I'm talking to the thing
all day long so I go through my life
talking to the computer in my house like
I'm on the on the spaceship enterprise
and I'm talking to the computer I gotta
tell you I gotta tell you it's the
future it is clearly the future I will
also tell you that if your only
experience with a digital assistant is
apples you know and I want to say its
name either but si RI if your only
experience is the Apple product you
don't know what you don't know what a
digital assistant can be the Apple
product is kind of terrible compared to
the Amazon digital assistant at least if
you talk about the the phone version of
their digital system it's a whole
different deal Amazon really is good at
really really good the the Amazon
digital system this is the future you
know you live with it in a while now I
imagine that Google's product is
probably pretty good maybe as good maybe
better but if you live with it for a
while it's just obvious everybody's
gonna have one it's obvious all right
how are we doing here I think we I think
we've done it right stay on live during
the presidential announcement in
five minutes well I like to keep these
periscopes to an hour or less when I can
do it so I'm gonna I'm gonna take my
leave and then we can all watch the
president's address look for here's what
to look for in the president's address
if the president is on his game and I
think you will be you you know who who
is better at rising to an occasion who
is better rising to an occasion well
this president is the best ever and
knowing and knowing what a moment is you
get what I'm talking about right the
president understands the show he knows
when the third act happens he knows when
there's a moment nope nobody's ever been
like this before he has the best
combination of talents you know the
political plus the showmanship reality
TV people historians will someday say
that was exactly the right experience
for being president on top of other
experience but this is going to be a
moment this this and I think one of the
reasons that the president waited a
little bit he really needs to get this
right this address is likely one of the
most important public statements that
will ever be made by any president now
it could be you know sort of a big
nothing that's possible but in all
likelihood the way he handles this the
very next thing he says will be
determinative a great deal to the entire
Middle East and to this country and to
politics in general this is a big big
moment let me tell you what Trump
probably knows that not everybody knows
yet what he probably knows is that this
is an opening and let's see if he takes
it so what I would look for is for him
to go a little bit tough on Iran to make
sure that they know we can still be
tough but look for him to to open a door
so there's going to be a there's going
to be a tough statement of you know
you better not do that again we have a
big military you're in trouble so see so
you can see a little bit of a threat but
expect him to open a door and say hey no
better time to talk let's get it done
that's what I expect he might go a
different way but it's gonna be a moment
and I would not miss it for anything so
I'm gonna go and watch get ready to
watch that and we will talk later