hey
everybody good on in here I see the
facts are
safe and I see that that's somebody's
actual username facts are safe hello
Donna EV irus Joe yvon and Miriam and
Max Missy and pigot what kind of a name
is that diamond in and Andrew and all
the rest of you I know why you're here I
know why you're here you can try to hide
it but I know why you're here does it
have something to do with
coffee yes it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams I'm Scott Adams and it's
time
to grab your mug your cup your glass
your Stein your beverage container put
your favorite liquid in there I hope
it's coffee and join me for the
simultaneous
sip oh that's the good
stuff so my life is uh getting weirder
than it used to be and so this is the
30th year of the Dilbert
cartoon on comic St and so for most of
my adult life I've been fairly famous
but but I've also been invisible you
know if I went out in public unless it
was local nobody nobody would recognize
me it was sort of a perfect deal I could
be famous and nobody recognized me I had
everything perfect
situation but now that I'm doing these
periscopes um it seems that if I go to
the grocery store anywhere else um I get
recognized I was walking down the street
uh last night in Vegas just take a walk
um
after dinner and or before dinner and it
seemed like a lot of people were looking
at
me more so than any other time I've ever
noticed and it makes me wonder how much
my uh you know visual recognition is
changing all right let's talk about Jeff
Bozo as the president has so named Jeff
bezo Bezos uh so if you saw the
president's uh cheeky tweet about Jeff
Bezos uh
divorce he said that uh he said that uh
um the Jeff Bezos that there was some
reporting by a competitor so the first
funny thing is that he calls the
president calls the national Inquirer a
competitor to the The Washington Post
and then he goes on to say that the you
know without naming I'm saying that the
uh that the national inquire has a
better track record on the facts which
is hilarious now of course everybody
knows that the national inquir has some
past relationship with the president
that's good
and
so uh I think the president is just
enjoying this way too much and then he
said something interesting he said uh he
you know he hopes that the next owner of
the Washington Post you know does a
better
job and I thought to myself wait a
minute
who gets the Washington Post and the
divorce now wouldn't his wife get half
of
it right now is and it makes me wonder
is there somebody uh yeah there's no
prenup right so I would think that his
wife would get half of the Washington
Post uh or something like that anyway so
I'm wondering is his wife dating yet I'm
not asking for myself
but somewhere in the world there's I
think a single woman Jeff Bezos uh X who
might own half of the Washington Post or
soon or soon
might and and if she doesn't own half of
the Washington Post she could certainly
buy her own newspaper if she wanted to
and I wonder if there's any if there's
any Republican who's saying I think I'm
going to start you know maybe make a
call see if I can I can date that that
woman so depending on who her next
romantic partner is I'm talking about
Mrs basos this is now I can't even say
it without thinking of Bozo so I'm
completely completely ruined on that now
but if she marries a
republican uh it will be hilarious now
somebody's saying it will be sold who
will buy
it would be very interesting all right
let's talk about some other people uh
you know Mayor DeBlasio of New York City
has said that he wants to have Universal
Health Care in New York City and he's
trying to make that happen including for
all um you know non-citizens who are
living there and you might also know
that California's Gavin Gavin Nome has
announced that he'd like to work toward
some kind of universal healthcare in
California which is a pretty good reason
for me to leave Califoria
cuz I can't imagine what that's going to
cost me but here's the
thing I
think that
deblasio's
um now let me let me let me say this as
uh as objectively as possible I don't
know much about DeBlasio so I don't have
a A plus or a minus opinion of him he's
sort of a non- entity to me in
California so I don't have an opinion on
him I just know he's a Democrat he's
Progressive so most of you are are not
fans I'm sure but here's the thing I've
been talking for since you've been
following me I've been saying that the
smartest thing to do is to test things
small wherever you
can so shouldn't we all be
happy that DeBlasio wants to test this
test the idea of universal healthcare in
New York City now I don't believe he's
ing the government to pay for it so if
they run up a bill I don't know that
it's my problem you know if they can't
pay for it I don't necessarily think I'm
going to have to pick up the difference
so I'm actually pretty happy about it
and I will go further than that and say
it's probably the best
move by a potential candidate for a
president who's a
Democrat now I don't know if you'll ever
get to the point where he can implement
it because it might be that's just
simply too hard but the fact that he's
he's taken such a bold step is to his
credit because in my opinion somebody
needs to try this damn thing and New
York City seems like really almost the
perfect place to do it because you know
it's the size of a country and it's
still you know manageable and probably
has very capable management compared to
other cities
can somebody fact check me on that would
it be true that New York City has a more
Effective Government than most other
places somebody fact check me on that I
have no reason to think I'm right except
that you know they're big they probably
attract more
Talent so there you go um so
kudos to DeBlasio for even trying and I
think the country should be happy that
we might have a model that we can look
at and say that that failed miserably or
that succeeded better than we thought or
we learned something now we can try it
again a different way so I am A+ on
DeBlasio taking a run at that and just
see what we learn let's push on it um
I'm increasingly
convinced that especially with in the
age of robots you know we're we're
getting close to the point where the
robots are going to take a lot of the
jobs nobody nobody doubts that will be
the case and when that happens you're
going to have a lot of people with lower
paid jobs and how are they going to
afford health care I think we're I think
we're heading toward a future where
Universal Health Care is almost a
guaranteed outcome it just it's just a
question of how long you wait and I
think if he gets a hold gets ahead of it
that would be useful for the country
even if it doesn't doesn't work we'll
learn something all right let's talk
about Russia so I think we see the
endgame on the Russia
collusion uh did I see nal's tweets
about city states I did not but I'll go
look at that
um so here's what the endgame for the
Russia collusion investigation looks
like and I would argue that at this
point it's obvious in other words I
could be wrong but to me it looks OB
obvious how it will come out and here's
the
thinking um you already knew that we
live in a world where the outcome of
anything like this will be that both
sides will claim they were right right
so you need a situation in which both
sides can claim credibly see we were
right all along that the Democrats will
be able to claim that they were right
about collusion at the same time the
Republicans will say see no collusion so
you'll you'll have to maintain your two
movie world and it turns out that the
question about the interpreter's notes
might get us
there because uh we might reach a
situation where at the end of it all
meller will say okay we did not find any
Smoking Gun we found a whole bunch of
coincidences we found lots of contacts
with Russia but none of them none of
them you know amounted to anything and
then the Democrats will say yeah you
didn't find anything because Trump
destroyed those interpreter notes and if
you had kept the if somehow we saw those
notes then in that case we certainly
would have found all that collusion
because Trump would have been talking
about
it so so the end the end of this all
will be a disagreement about whether
anything was
proved Republicans will say it was
proved nothing happened and Democrats
will say aha he destroyed the only
evidence that would have shown him
guilty his personal conversation with
Putin and and the fact that he destroyed
him is proof proof I say that uh that
he's guilty
so here's uh representative Eric
swell who is my representative in
California and he tweeted this he said
talking about uh Trump taking the
interpreter notes and he says
destruction of evidence is consciousness
of guilt now from a lawyer talk
perspective he's saying that if a an
accused person destroys evidence that's
that's uh you know that's strong
evidence uh of consciousness of guilt
but doesn't that apply
to doesn't it apply to Hillary yeah you
beat me to
it so so if that standard is something
we should pay attention to at all then
you'd say uh he's not the first person
who took evidence off the table there's
a better example all right but here's
the second part so and I'm Just sh I
just shaking my head this morning when I
read this anyway this is such an example
of loser think the next thing I'm going
to say that I actually have
screenshotted and I'm including it in my
book on how to had to not think
stupid so representative aswell uh his
latest uh tweet will be part part of my
book because it's such a bad idea of
thinking now to be fair he may not be
the one having the bad thinking he may
just hope that the people reading his
tweet can't tell how stupid it is in
which case it would be kind of clever so
we don't know if swallow is being clever
or stupid but we know what he's saying
next and I'll read it to you is very
stupid and he says
this please show me evidence Trump is
not working for
Russia this is a
representative in Congress somebody
who's actually elected and representing
the country and he says in public please
show me evidence that President Trump is
not working with with
Russia now if there's any anybody watch
on this Periscope who doesn't understand
that you can't prove something doesn't
exist that's not a
thing that's not a thing you can't prove
that he didn't you could prove that he
did and you could fail I mean you in
other words you could try to prove it
and then not succeed but you can't prove
something didn't
happen so given that he is a he is a a
lawyer I I have to assume he's hoping
that the his readers are are
stupid uh so that gave me a laugh all
right I was reading an article on Fox
news this morning by Greg
Jarrett um well-respected commentator
and best-selling
author and lawyer and uh he wrote an
article in which he says that the FBI's
motivation was that they wanted quote
Vengeance he that the FBI wanted
Vengeance and that's the reason that
they opened up the investigation on
President
Trump is that in
evidence do we have in evidence that the
FBI was
thinking Vengeance Vengeance will be
mine
nope NOP we do not have that in evidence
it's
possible it's totally
possible and in fact I can't prove it
didn't happen because I can't prove a
negative
um but when you when you read an article
and it doesn't matter what news site
it's on if somewhere in the first
paragraph the writer tells you that they
know what a stranger is
thinking you don't need toite read the
rest of the article you can just stop
there so I hope you can see that I'm
being fair about this criticism that I
that I say often which is you can't tell
somebody's internal thoughts from a
distance you can only look at what they
did it's all you can do it's all you can
do and I'm going to be I'm going to be
fair about that on both sides if Fox
News does it I'm going to call it out
when CNN does it I call it out all
right um there's a question of whether
uh president Trump has been tougher on
Russia than other presidents so CNN was
factchecking that you will not be
surprised to find the CNN determined
that that was not true and they they did
kind of a a clever job of weaseling
their way to that conclusion so so the
piece I was just looking at on their
website uh a a smarmy commentator says
you know is it true let's fact check
this that President Trump is tougher on
Russia than other presidents and he
starts out by talking about
all of the
coincidental or not he would he would
suggest not coincidental contacts
between um Russians and the C the
campaign before and after the election I
guess
now what's that got to do with the
president being tougher on Russia so in
other words in making his case about
whether was Trump trump was tougher on
Russia or not as tough as other
presidents they lead in with a big disc
description of all the contacts that the
campaign has had with
Russians that's not the
topic it's just persuasion it's just to
make the case that they're convincing
you that that something sketchy is
happening that's a different topic so
when you see such heavy-handed
persuasion in the uh you just trying to
disguise itself as some kind of news you
know you just you just want to throw
open your mouth when you see it all
right let's talk about tulsy
gabard um let me see your opinions of
whether tsey gabard will be the nominee
for the
Democrats uh I can tell you conclusively
the answer to this question and
I'll oh there see a lot of NOS
interesting so tulsy Gabbert who is a
veteran that's great she's got some
interesting ethnic combination in her
which is uh excellent a good Plus for a
Democratic
candidate uh how interesting you're all
saying
no huh I thought some of you would say
yes all right we well looks like we're
getting um a yes or two somebody asked
me if I'm friends with alen dtz no we've
never had any
contact
UM here's why she will not not be the
candidate I was just watching uh CNN's
coverage about her announcement do you
know why do you know how CNN covers
Tulsi gabard keep in mind she's on their
side meaning that she's a
Democrat how did how did
CNN who loves them some de Democrats how
did they cover Tulsi
gabard they called her anti-gay
now if CNN decides that you're not going
to be the candidate you're not going to
be the candidate all right the way the
world works is of course not the way
people imagine it works I think people
have an imagination that you know
citizens are making up their own mind by
looking at the news or whatever but
nothing like that's happening and the
reality is that a a small number of
people decide what kind of news coverage
the the major Medias are are going to uh
you know promote and I'm talking about
the heads of the networks the heads of
the big newspapers Etc so very small
group of people decide what the public
will
think because if you've noticed it's
very rare to find somebody who doesn't
have an opinion that's either exactly
what CNN says exactly what MSNBC says or
exactly what Fox News and drudge say you
know and breart
so there's no such thing as Citizens
with independent opinions that's just a
a myth of democracy in our country or
myth of the Republic I guess um and so
CNN has quite clearly signaled that
Telsa gabard is not going to be theirs
because instead of saying well she
evolved on the question of gay marriage
because that's what happened right she
was anti-gay marriage and then she
changed her mind as a lot of people did
she wouldn't be the one person who
evolved as they say President Obama did
um I don't know who else but probably
lots of
people so how did they describe someone
who evolved from where they didn't want
people to be to where they do want
people to be which is you know PR gay
marriage and PR gay and other sense how
do they describe her they describe her
as anti-gay
he so there isn't the slightest
chance that given the way CNN has chosen
to frame her that she can get nominated
they've already taken her off the field
so it's obvious to me that CNN has
someone else in mind don't know who yet
but definitely someone else that part I
can tell you with complete
certainty all right
um if your volume is not high enough I
can't help
you so um Christine isleep in the other
room so I'm speaking low all right um
let's talk about the some more about the
uh trumpet taking the notes from the uh
interpreter during his meetings with
Putin now what does it tell you that
Trump Took The Interpreter notes from
his discussion with
Putin does it tell you my God he must be
colluding well that's possible can't
rule it out right because we don't have
any information one way or
another my assumption
is that is deeply
unlikely here's why here's why it's
deeply
unlikely that what Trump said to Putin
is
problematic unless I'm missing
something fact check me on this don't
you think Mueller has talked to The
Interpreter is there any chance that
Mueller has not talk to The
Interpreter and is there any reason that
that wouldn't have
happened now I understand why Congress
maybe shouldn't talk to The Interpreter
you know because they they might want to
subpoena the the notes too but can you
see any reason that Mueller would not
have talked to The Interpreter when in
fact The Interpreter was the person who
would most know about the interaction
with Trump and
Putin how come we haven't even seen that
reported have you seen it reported
whether Mueller has talked to The
Interpreter have any of you seen that
reported because it would be big news if
he
hasn't and it would be big news if he
has it's big news so somebody says he
has but I don't know that that's an
Evidence I think you might be
assuming all right here's here's my
conclusion you can tell how the Russia
collusion part of the investigation is
going to go because if there was
anything to
it meller would already know what The
Interpreter said and Muller would have
you know every digital electronic
information that you could have on
anything he would have already
acted if this risk of the president of
the United States literally
taking the the allegation which is
ridiculous on its surface but the
allegation is that the president of the
United States is taking orders from
Putin if Mueller had found even a little
of that to be evidencebased
he would have acted there isn't the
slightest chance he would let that
situation linger I don't even think that
they would wait necessarily for the
political process to run its course it
would be far more important for him to
go to I I don't know who you go to who
would you go
to so here's the question if if the FBI
knew that a president was colluding with
a foreign
power would they wait for the entire
legal process to do its thing or or is
there somebody they could go to to make
an immediate step that's like a
temporary step where maybe
somebody's perhaps they temporarily
removed or temporarily the vice
president takes over or something like
that is there any kind of process for
that I don't know how that works but
anyway the point is I'm sure there is
Congress perhaps yes um and if Muller
had found anything you would have
already seen some kind of action and you
haven't seen it so I don't think there
will be now how concerned should we be
that the president didn't want the notes
of the meeting uh ever known I would say
that now correct me on this
also isn't President Trump someone who
doesn't use email and doesn't
text because he doesn't want
conversations recorded in any
context is it true that the president
prefers verbal conversations
and no notes and nothing written down I
believe that that's always his
preference so if you look at the context
of President Trump who doesn't like
anything in writing then this is just
more of that now if you also look at the
context of President Trump what does CNN
say about the factchecking of his
typical conversation does CNN say yes
everything he says is real and just he
means no they don't they would tear
apart anything he said in that
conversation take it and a context and
turn it into the worst things in the
world now if you're president Trump do
you think you might
have lied a little bit to Putin if
you're president Trump do you think you
might have flattered him for effect if
you were president Trump the master
Persuader might you have said something
during that meeting that you didn't
quite mean but it might have gotten you
to someplace you want to be could he
have used hyperbole in that meeting
might he have said a fact that's not
true could he have promised something to
Putin that he didn't really mean to give
him could he have said here's a big
opening ask but I'm trying to negotiate
to hear could he have convinced Putin to
work with him and maybe in exchange
actually literally ask Putin what do he
want in return
would it be would it be treasonous for
the the dealmaker and chief to sit down
with Putin and say some version of this
look here's the deal we don't need to be
enemies tell us what you want I'll tell
you what we need like legitimately what
the United States needs what our big
interests are let's see if we can just
figure this out so if that conversation
happened would that be treasonous I say
no I say that's just doing your job
you're talking to another leader and you
say look we could give you this but
you're going to have to give us this and
this means a lot more to us than
whatever this
is right if he said something like that
there's no way you want that
conversation to get into the public no
way because it wouldn't sound right on a
context in the context of a long let's
say complicated negotiations in which
the president is trying to create a a
personal relationship with Putin Etc you
don't want any any of that conversation
ever in public because the President's
trying to build trust he's trying to
he's trying to get you know some kind of
some kind of chemistry going he may have
said things which weren't exactly true
he may have floated some ideas that just
were worth talking about but you don't
want to get people too excited about you
know until you've you've played around
with them a little bit
so is there a reason aside from
collusion where the president would not
want those notes to be public and the
answer is yes the obvious reason the
obvious reason he doesn't want those
notes out is that he doesn't want any
notes out of any conversations he has
period why would this be different and
this one especially you wouldn't want
out because it's importance to National
Security
is important you know to to our very
survival could depend on this stuff not
being taken out of context so if the
president had not destroyed those
interpreter notes that would have been a
mistake the smart thing to do was to
grab those notes and make sure that you
personally personally held them in your
hand and that nobody else even your best
most trusted you know you know maybe
ianka could see them but that's about
it you know so was that smart for the
president to take personal
responsibility to remove those notes
from the
table very smart I would say that's not
just
smart that's very
smart and in fact if he hadn't done it
you could go so far as to say it would
be stupid a person whose you know
philosophy is you don't want these
private convers ations taken out of
context especially this one
um you would certainly do exactly what
it is alleged he did all right
um uh let's
see some other points I was going to
make so there's there's a criticism of
the FBI that they started an
investigation over Trump with no
evidence whatsoever and I've heard some
people say hey that's that's pretty
strong proof that the that the FBI was
just out to get the president and it was
just all political because they started
an investigation with no proof but now
we're hearing some quotes from the
people who were involved like Lisa Page
Etc and Jim Baker the attorney and
they're saying stuff like we really
didn't know we didn't know if there was
something wrong but there were were all
these all these
coincidences that were were uh the
coincidences were enough to get our
interest and that's why the the stuff
was open up I would say that's a pretty
good
reason uh imagine if imagine if you had
a strong
hunch that there was at least a 20%
chance that the president was a
treasonous spy working for Russia let's
just say you thought oh these look like
mostly
coincidences probably an 80% chance
there's just nothing there wouldn't you
say that based on what you've heard from
the FBI doesn't it feel like even they
thought there was an 80% chance there
was nothing there because remember stro
said it looks like there's no there
there and then we know from the
conversations they were saying well I
don't know maybe there's something there
we just better look at it to me looked
like they were just covering their bases
because if there was something there it
was a big deal so there was a low
percentage chance of something there but
if it was there it was worth a lot do
you know what that calculation is called
an expected
value if you were trying to uh compare
risks you know one risk to another risk
the accepted way you do it is you
multiply the odds that you think it's
true or the odds you think something
will happen times the you know the
dollar amount so a you know a 10% chance
of something costing $100 you would
value it being worth $10 that's 10% time
100 what is the dollar value if you
could put it that way of a small chance
that the president of the United
States is a puppet of Russia like that's
a big big big big big deal right right
so it doesn't really matter if the FBI
thought the odds of it being true was
small that small risk times the big big
you know possibility of that is still
big you know a 5% chance of you know the
country being sold to Russia that's big
so did the FBI have to look at that I
kind of say yes kind of say yes if if
the people in the FBI govern together
and they talked about it and they said I
don't think this is happening but you
kind of can't rule it out based on a few
of the coincidences and the
conversations with Russians and stuff
and stuff so I would say the most likely
explanation at least for the rank and
file you know I'm not saying the leaders
were thinking the same way but for the
rank and
file they gave a perfectly good reason
there was a small chance
of a very big problem expected value
calculation you got to look into
it somebody says you're being kind of
stupid well thank you for that
insightful comment
there um so whoever called me stupid I
guarantee
you is mind
reading all right Scott macab struck
Scott so I think what you're saying is
I I can I can feel most of you wallowing
in the confirmation bias and the
confirmation bias here is that wait a
minute there's not just one explanation
for why the FBI looks crck crooked it's
not just one thing look at all these
things look at the email look at Comey
look at you know and then look at all
these other
people your argument let me put it this
way the argument that the FBI got
together and plotted to take out the
president and like that was the only
reason they were doing it for political
reasons is as solid as the argument that
the president actually is a Putin p
puppet and by when I say by as solid I
mean both of those theories this is the
John Turley frame on it so I'm stealing
it from him both of those
explanations have lots of confirmation
bias coincidence bu built into them the
things we do know are that the Democrats
obviously were trying to take out the
president no I'm not Stone but thanks
for
asking all
right um Let me let me close out by as I
often do tell you my current stage of
looking into the climate change
situation for those of you new I am on
the fence about how much I should be
worried about climate change
um uh I have been digging into a a few
months and here's my
preliminary which is could easily be
revised but my preliminary judgment on
climate change
is that both
sides are fullish
yet now not 100% fullish yet so it seems
to me that um the more I look into it it
it's pretty obvious to me that the
majority of the skeptical arguments are
just
complete Tim foil hat stuff all right so
the ones that are
ridiculous um this is my preliminary
judgment the ridiculous skeptical claims
are that uh that the climate scientist
forgot to account for the
sun if you're still believing that all
the climate scientists in the world
forgot the sun when they were measuring
the climate you should not be in the
conversation you know if you have some
specific thing they did wrong about the
sun well maybe that you know I'm not
sure I could evaluate that but if you
really believe that the climate
scientists who are looking at the
climate forgot the
sun that's not a good opinion right you
should not be in the conversation if you
think
that secondly the famous graph that
shows in ancient times that the carbon
rate and the temperature were not
correlated if that's your argument that
we have lots of historical information
that CO2 and temperature are not
correlated you also have been
fooled by the side you think you're on
that graph is a fraud it's one of the
most popular graphs that you'll see from
the Skeptics and it's quite easily
debunked and the way it's debunked is
that uh and here's the funny part the
graph leaves out the solar
effect in other words the Skeptics are
leaving out the
Sun so it's the very thing that they're
claiming the clim scientists are doing
is leaving out the Sun but it's the
thing they do to prove their point they
leave out the sun uh and when you put
the sun into those graphs suddenly they
all line up all right the next thing
that in in my opinion I feel this quite
strongly is the
climate is just BS it's nothing but
stuff taken out of context the way
people casually talk sounds worse if you
take it out of context that it would
mean between two people who know each
other so climate gate has been
researched the people looked into it
found that there's nothing to look
at uh here here's another one uh I was
looking at it following the debate
between other people were getting into
it on my Twitter feed and one of them
says Okay um why is it that my man the
famous climate scientist who created the
hockey stick why is he hiding his
data if it's
real you know why would he hide his
detail data and of course there was some
Canadian case where somebody was trying
to get them to show the data or
something like that and and here's what
the proclimate
alarm commentator said he said here's a
link to all of his data it's public
so the skeptical claim is that Michael
man is hiding his data and the response
to it is here's a link to it you can see
it yourself it's
public which of those which of those
claims seem stronger the one that says
he's hiding it or the one that says H
here's a link to it go look at it
yourself I think the link is more
persuasive right so we can't even tell
the most basic
fact has is he hiding his data or is
this link a link to his
data
so um all right now that's that's the BS
uh just a sample of the BS on the
skeptic side on the scientist side
there's also a bunch of BS and that is
involved with the models and the and the
financial calculations about what's
going to happen 80 years in the future
modeling this level of complexity for
even 10 minutes is probably close to
Impossible but modeling at 80 years in
the future is just persuasion and and
Ridiculousness right so the modeling
part of the climate scientist claim is
ridiculous and here and here here's the
worst part I don't even think it's
necessary if it's true that we can
observe that the temperatures and the
CO2 have already sharply turned up why
do you need to even model that into the
future how hard is it convince me that
if the temperature keeps going up at
this rate everybody's in
trouble right you don't need the models
the models are just taking a strong
argument and weakening
them let me say that again the climate
science
argument is really really strong until
you talk about the models and once you
throw the models in there they're so
clearly
ridiculous that it degrades the other
arguments by association and I think
that's one of the big problems with
climate as a you know as an argument um
so uh or then one of the skeptical
claims is that uh that CO2 doesn't have
the physical properties I guess might be
the wrong word the scientists claim in
other words it's not going to do what
people says it does which is caus as
much warming as it does that it's not
not it's not an
important um an important element of the
of the uh you know of the
warming but I would think that might be
the easiest thing the scientists could
test so that skeptical argument seems
the weakest maybe that's really weak
that scientists can't figure out how CO2
works because I think we've known that
since the 1800s and there have been lots
of lots of tests from lots of different
angles to find out that CO2 really is a
greenhouse gas Etc so when Skeptics say
no it's not a greenhouse gas doesn't
matter it's it's Trace um somebody says
they have tested it and it doesn't do
what they say the odds of that being
true that statement you just made are so
close to
zero that I don't I don't even know what
to do with it it could be
true all right
um the big issue is what if anything can
we do about it well I'm writing about
that in my new book there are I think
there are five or
six uh companies that are up and running
um startup type companies that are
already building ways to take CO2 out of
the air in bulk so you've got several
companies already working on that the
the other issue is what if all the um
all the warming is real and it really is
CO2 and we know that things are going to
go up um are we better
off working like crazy to try to change
that or just keeping our economy strong
and and mitigating any problems as we
see it nobody knows the answer to
that um now I suppose the the big issue
would be not just warming but whatever
it does to the oceans so I think the
wild C here is if you told me that the
temperature in 80 years would be what
did they say 2° warmer or something 4°
warmer I'm not sure I would
notice would you notice let's say if
suddenly the average temperature in your
town went up by
3° would you know would you know the
difference if the average temperature
went up
3° would anything be different in your
town so somebody says they would notice
I don't
know because I don't think I would
notice it's going up a degree right I
haven't noticed that but the the risk I
would think as a non-scientist is that
if you ruin the chemistry of the ocean
you got a real
problem right if if the heat reaches a
point where you ruin the the chemical
balance of the entire ocean well I think
we're probably all dead so that's not a
question of you know let's get a little
more air conditioning that's more of a
question of a a yes no for survival of
the planet but I don't know if science
quite understands what the ocean is
doing and let me go on record is
say I don't believe the scientists can
measure the temperature of the
world that that doesn't pass the sniff
test to
me um do you how many of you think that
science can accurately measure the
average temperature of the world in a
way that you can really tell if it's
going up or down by a degree or two in
in 10
years um I don't want to be the like I
don't want to be the person who says the
flight the you know the right bullet
brothers can't fly I don't want to be
the person who says we can never put a
person on the moon I don't want to be
the doubter but I'm just looking at you
know know looking at it from the
outside there's nothing I've read and
I've read a lot on how things are
measured Etc you know for example tree
rings do you believe you can tell the
temperature a 100 years ago from a tree
ring I don't believe
that I don't believe that at all do you
believe that we can measure measure the
temperature of the
ocean like the average temperature of
the ocean I don't believe
that I do not believe the scientists no
matter how hard they try with current
technology anyway can measure the
temperature of the
ocean I don't believe it now I could be
wrong about that right couldn't we be
wrong because we're not scientists so
let's uh let's
apply at the same time I'm saying that
my I can't wrap my mind around it like
it doesn't pass the sniff test to me
even slightly it's also true at the same
time you should put some humility on
what you know and what you don't know
all right let's let's let's make sure we
don't lose our humility about what we
can know about what science can do
science can surely do more things than I
assume they can do but I'd be if I had
to
bet somebody's saying ice core proxies
are better are they
how do you know your ice cor proxies are
better um now if the reason we know that
is because we have let's say uh
landbased um thermometers from 100 years
ago and we've got some ice core samples
from 100 years ago and you look at the
ice core samples and you look at the
thermometers and hey it's about the same
and you can reproduce that then I'm
willing to say okay we could probably go
back to 200 years with ice scores and
probably still
good but can you go back a million
years can you go back a million years
and take an ice score sample and pull it
down and say h according to this ice
score sample it was about 78° that year
on average can you do that really can
you do that because I don't think you
can do that take um carbon dating
carbon dating is real you know I don't
think there's any doubt that it
basically Works can you tell me how
accurate is carbon
dating does somebody have the answer to
that if I do a carbon dating does it
tell me oh yeah this this
tree this tree uh you know went to seed
or let's say the the seed sprouted and
it was the year uh
it was a
Tuesday yeah how close does carbon
dating get you because I got a feeling
yeah I got a feeling that these ice core
samples sort of get you in the
ballpark am I wrong about that am I
wrong that they're not
exact
so it seems like we've got all of these
bad
measures that are being used to validate
the other bad me measures so in other
words you hear people say well how do
you know the ice score samples are
accurate well you check them against the
tree rings I'm making that part up I
don't know if they do that and then you
say well how do you know the tree rings
are good obviously the tree rings are
good because we checked it against the
coral Decay or some damn thing so you've
got a whole bunch of not so accurate
ways to measure things that are all
being used to validate the other not so
accur accurate
measurements and it just doesn't feel
like something science can really
do and um that's an argument that I
don't think that they've done a good job
of making uh so I'd like to be talked
into it now bottom line is CO2 dangerous
to the
planet I would say that science has the
better argument at this
point that CO2 is is dangerous if it
keeps going up that it does force the
temperature I would say that the again
um since I don't know if I can ever know
what's happening I'm just trying to give
you my current sense of The credibility
of each argument given that both sides
have a good healthy dose of
 and and I'm trying to like work
my way through the BS to get to
something good so here here's what
here's what I I hold as the best
current skeptical arguments or not not a
skeptical argument here are the things
that I want confirmation
of so there's the Richard Linden he's a
skeptic um argument that the current
rise in CO2 no the current rise in
temperature not CO2 so he argues that
the current rise in temperature is
precedented before there was much CO2
and that you can look at the official
graph it's not in his graph it's just
the official graph and you can see it
right there on the graph look it did
this before in in recorded
history is that true can somebody fact
check that simple point because it's
such a simple point it should be the one
thing we can actually get to the bottom
of is it true that the
official uh science approved numbers
show that the temperature has risen this
rapidly in the past true or false can
somebody get me a link that tells me
that's true or at least or at least
produce the you know the
graph and then is there an argument for
that what do the climate scientist say
when somebody says look your own graph
disproves your own argument then what do
the scientist say I'd like to know the
answer to that question so that's
outstanding so I don't have a decision
on that that's outstanding argument
um and then there are a number of Tony
heler arguments Tony heler who writes as
Steve Goddard U and blogs on climate he
has the most
robust um skeptical claims because
he's his um his framing is that he's
looking at NASA's own numbers he's
seeing how they've adjusted them and
that it's obvious that there's something
going on there that's not
scientific but I don't see the counters
to his
arguments um so
I'm so I'm uh so I would say the Tony
heler arguments about the data not being
reliable I would say that those
arguments stand at the moment because I
have not yet seen a counter to them
so it looks like the comments just
turned off on their own somehow oh
they're the
back
um yeah and Tony heler shows the
newspaper articles that show uh that the
data must have been different in the
past because it was reported differently
than it's reported now
but uh Tony hel's arguments are only
questioning the rate of
warming it gets to that right yeah the
Tony heler arguments
question the data and they get to the
they they get to the question of whether
it's really rising or
not so so that's an open question I
would say this I I have not seen a
scientific debunking of his claims about
the evidence the only debunking I've
seen is that there's a claim about all
of the adjustments are in the same
direction and then a climate scientist
shows a graph that shows that's clearly
not the case so I've seen a
debunk on the question of all the
adjustments being in the same direction
and it appears that they're that they're
not but I would guess that Tony Heller
would have a response to that response
so I would say this one's still open
that's an open question um the next
thing that I would say I can't get to
the bottom of
uh there is good evidence you are
correct
um water is much stronger greenhouse gas
than CO2 all right so here's another bad
skeptical argument so the bad skeptical
argument is that water vapor is the
thing that matters not CO2 because for
every little bit of CO2 there's this
much water vapor and this much water
vapor has is a greenhouse you know
effect too so this is bigger than this
therefore uh the scientists are looking
in the wrong direction because CO2 is
this much but water vapor is this much
and they both affect the temperature
that's a terrible
argument it's complete ignorance about
the argument so it's
actually um that argument ignores the
actual climate um the climate scientists
claim it's not even on the same page as
the claim the claim as I understand it
and again I want you to fact check me on
this is that CO2 changes how much water
how much cloud formation there is so the
claim is that the water is the big mover
of of temperature and that the amount of
water in the air is largely determined
or enough determined by the amount of
CO2 so the question is not is water a
bigger effect than
CO2 everybody agrees with that everybody
agrees with that everybody both sides
agree the water the clouds are the big
controllers of the temperature but the
claim is that CO2 is what's driving the
amount of water in the
atmosphere am I wrong about
that um
is it positive or negative
feedback well that's out of my um that
would be out of my range so the question
of whether CO2 causes cooling or warming
I've heard people say that because
apparently you're getting in some some a
little bit more complicated modeling and
science to determine just exactly if
that's good or bad because I guess it
depends what kind of clouds you're you
know you're creating with your CO2 or
they high level or low level then it
makes a
difference
um that part we I don't think we
non-scientists could
determine prove a rise in temperature is
bad okay here's the other terrible
terrible argument the the terrible
arguments on the side of the Skeptics
are that more CO2 is better it's a
terrible argument
because there's no such
thing because if it's true that CO2 is
causing temperature to go up somebody
saying can you prove that higher
temperatures are bad yeah I can here
here's a little test for you put your
hand on the oven and then slowly turn it
up or here's better put your hand in a
pot of water and then slowly turn it to
burning so that the water is heating up
while your hand is in the water
now and then ask me ask me again can you
prove that more that more heat is always
bad yes I can because your hand will
burn off anybody who says that more heat
is good it's just a stupid argument it's
stupid to say more heat is good because
while it might be good good to get an
extra degree maybe two degrees is better
it could be the 5° just makes everything
better what about
25 you know at some point clearly
there's too much heat right so the the
the climate alarm point is not that a
little bit of heat is going to ruin the
world nobody's claiming that one degree
will will ruin the world it might even
be better I think even the scientists
would say yeah it might even be better a
little more CO2 get a little more
Greening
yeah it's fine but what happens when you
give five degrees what you know does the
does the the coral all disappear does
the chemistry of the O the ocean change
do we generate super hurricanes does it
cause massive droughts that kill
Millions if your argument is prove to me
that a little bit of heat is a bad thing
that is the dumbest argument honestly
it's just the dumbest argument nobody's
saying that one degre is going to ruin
the
world two degrees maybe not so bad but
there's some amount of heat some amount
of heat that's going to be a problem
with the chemistry of the earth nobody
could doubt that right all
right um You seem to be making up your
own argument well who's going to do it
for me if I don't make up my own
argument I don't know how the
hell
um global warming or climate change what
a
joke so some people think that because
they changed it from global warming to
climate change that therefore they've
shown their argument is empty no not
really that's just marketing just
marketing if your argument is that
global warming is the problem but you
know that the public is going to see
that there there are records being set
for cold in some places wall records are
being set for hot in other places and
that what matters is that the average is
going up if that's your situation and
you're trying to convince the public
that there's a problem you would from a
marketing perspective change the name of
what you're talking about from global
warming which would be confusing
confusing to climate change which is
easier to explain you say yeah average
is going up and the climate is changing
sometimes it'll be colder than normal
sometimes it'll be warmer than normal
that's our
Theory all they did is changed the
marketing that does not tell you
anything about the science the fact that
they changed the names doesn't tell you
anything about the science it's just
marketing
um oh yes so there's funny so the
president had some funny tweets about
Elizabeth Warren he was mocking her at
her uh her video where she was doing a
live stream and she drank a beer and
then her husband comes in and the
president's tweet was mocking her for
saying you know I'm glad you're here and
the president was
saying and the president was
saying of course they live there why
wouldn't he be in his own
home now of course none of this is
important in a political sense it's just
uh it's just it's just fine funny it's
just funny that the president would
would continue hammering on Elizabeth
Warren he's having a good time with his
critics this
week uh and then what was it uh and then
we talked about Jeff Bezos right all
right anything else
happening somebody says we cannot affect
the globe in such a way because it's so
large that's a ridiculous
statement it's obvious that human and
humans can affect the the planet that's
obvious
um we talked about
DeBlasio so do you know how many Fusion
startups there
are how many how many startups have
different approaches and have enough of
a good idea that they got funding
to build small Fusion reactors which
would save the whole planet change
everything you know literally just the
whole society and civilization would
change how many
10 there are 10 different startups and I
would assume more will more will be
coming they have you know different
approaches for how to control I don't
know the plasma or whatever the hell
they're trying to control there there
are 10 of them
now let me ask you this do smart
people work on fusion power startups or
dumb people if you were to look at the
employees who are working on Fusion
startups would they be some of the dumb
people in the country or would they be
the smartest people in the whole
freaking
planet yes you are correct the people
working on the fusion startups
if you were to put their
IQs
against against the IQs of let's say
Facebook or the IQs of you know Twitter
or the IQs of Google or anywhere else
the average
IQ of of the scientists working on
Fusion startups is just through the roof
so the smartest people in the world
think it can be done let me say
again most of you believe that Fusion is
Not Practical because you know we've
been talking about it for years it's
sort of the flying car of of energy
right it hasn't worked yet so I guess it
won't work in the
future but keep in mind compare your IQ
and what you know about fusion
power to the people who have started
startups on fusion power whose IQs are
probably you know clicking 160 or
something a piece I mean the smartest
people in the world disagree with
you the smartest most knowledgeable
people on this topic disagree with
you now of course you could find tons of
smart people who say they can't do it
but who would you bet on let's let's say
you had 50 scientists who say something
can't be done
and then you have 50 scientists who have
put their own um careers and skin in the
game to work on it to make it happen
which group do you bet on do you bet on
the people who say they can't do it or
do you bet on the people who say they
already figured down how to do
it I'm going to bet on the startups
every time now you you wouldn't bet on
any one
startup but 10
startups what are the odds that none of
the 10
can get to the next level which in this
case the next level would be you know
economic you know an economic power
source what are the odds all 10 of them
and probably by you know the end of the
year maybe there are 20 of them you know
there going to be a lot of startups
working on this I don't think they're
all going to fail they could it's not
impossible but they
could all
right that's all for now I'm going going
to talk to you later bye for now