good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
better time in your entire life if you'd
like this experience to go up to levels
that you'll never forget in your small
human brains can't even comprehend well
all you need for that is a cuper muger
glass a tanker gel ofin a Canen Jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparal pleasure the
dope am Med of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called
that's right it's a simultaneous Sip and
happens now
go take a moment to sa her if you're
waking and
baking
continue well I'm trying a new uh
microphone setup for
YouTube um it appears that uh how how is
the audio on YouTube
should be a little worse than normal but
clear yeah okay good looks like we're
good um here's something I learned just
moments ago from a Instagram video
apparently and I saw screenshots so I
think this is real the German high
school students have lessons on how
Americans are propagandized by their
government is that awesome or what
right German students learn how
Americans are propagandized by their own
government do you know who doesn't learn
that
Americans so if you want to find out
what's happening to Americans you got to
ask a German because they learn it in
school that's a real thing I think I
mean I'll take a fact check on this but
there were
screenshots and and uh one of the one of
the German textbooks according to the
screenshot says America has become uh uh
no longer
self-critical and we
lonely and my first reaction to that was
godamn you Germans why are you calling
us not self-critical and and
lonely okay you're right it's true you
nailed it but why do you have to say
that about us damn it stop being
accurate well Tucker Carlson clarified
his uh his belief about what the uh
unusual uaps some call them UFOs are all
about and he
believes that these beings have always
been here so Tucker believes there are
real beings some kind of other
civilization that have always been here
and that they have a spiritual
component interesting so he's not buying
into the aliens from another planet but
that there is something
here how many of you believe that that
there's something here that's spiritual
in
nature I'm going to go with
nope there's nothing
here I'd love to believe there were you
know I I like my conspiracy theories I
like them a lot but no
now let me let me
reiterate why I don't believe
it I acknowledge there's a mountain of
evidence you've got your whistleblowers
eyewitnesses you got people under oath
you got video you've got radar you've
got sonar you've got my God so much so
much and none of us
good there there are a million things
that have that much Direct evidence that
are not true you want an
example how about uh president Trump
once called neo-nazis Fine people well
that must be true there's tons of
evidence you can look at the video all
the news is reporting it and then if you
want to say well but is it true or is it
like a oneoff well then you would look
at all the the mountain of evidence that
suggests that Trump is a racist dictator
it's a mountain of evidence so it must
be true but it isn't true I mean seems
to be it's not true so the most ordinary
thing in the world is to have a mountain
of evidence for something that isn't
true because the evidence has a certain
quality to it it's all kind of sketchy
there's a lot of it but it's all kind of
sketchy those are the ones you got to
watch out
for all right um Brian remelli has a
post on
X telling us that there's a two from
there's a surian
tablet so suaria you all know where the
Sumerians were right do you know where
the samarians
were let let's check your general
knowledge that's correct yeah the area
which we now call Iraq and you know the
larger area there so the samarians were
there a thousands of years ago and they
found this Samaran tablet from 2000
BCE which apparently shows a several
math
problems uh being solved including
drawings of trapezoids and triangles
uhoh it suggests very strongly that the
samarians understood Pythagorean
theorem long before the Greek
philosopher
Pythagoras and and Brian ends his post
with the Amnesia of who we really
are now I told you I'd like conspiracy
theories here's the one I like the
best if we know that there are all these
buried civilizations we keep finding
like there's a one whose name I can't
call G cppy there's a what's the one
it's called G
Gopi something glei
 and there's
Tey yes like I said how many times do I
have to say Clearly say it Go Blacky
teppy but it's the name of a another one
of these ancient uh you know incredible
sites that got dug up it was completely
buried and appears to have signs signs
of civilization beyond what we believed
existed at at the time of these ruins so
there are lots of
hints that there might have been an
earlier form of humans that were more
advanced and something
happened so that we lost maybe we lost
what they
knew so I got of believe that one
because because if you look at our
ability to reconstruct history whether
it's the you know the evolutionary tree
which are always changing and evolving
or the history of humankind you know did
we all come out of Africa is it more
complicated than that the there are big
things about the history of the planet
that we revise all the time I would not
be surprised at all if we were once more
more
advanced and it wasn't a straight line
from primitive to Advanced I've got a
feeling it was kind of a a bumpy ride
where we got more advanced and that we
got wiped out by war and we got more
advanced and then we got wiped out by a
flood you know probably something like
that it's my guess
um but I've always been amazed that
there are abandoned
cities why would you ever abandon a
city there there's something I
fundamentally don't understand about
history it's like a whole city you built
the thing now I understand if somebody
conquers a city but if you conquer a
city you don't you stay there and like
run the
city like why why would you get rid of
all the people and then leave it leave
it empty so long that it gets covered
with sand like nobody's sweeping for you
know a thousand
years if you were a homeless primitive
person and you knew there was a whole
abandoned city
somewhere when you move
in I don't know maybe it's food it might
it might be all about food and resources
yeah I I can I can understand
disease but disease would kill everybody
and then let's say it becomes empty but
once it's empty you telling me nobody
wants to move back in there's no other
civilization that says hey free City
there's nobody in the city let's just
take it maybe Superstition maybe they
don't want to inhabit dead people's
homes
maybe uh Mike
cernovich tweeted that he's been seeing
more doppelgangers than you usual
doppelganger meaning somebody who looks
just like somebody else he said a friend
even sent one of me meaning covich uh
could be code reuse as Scott Adams
says um if so why now of course he's
just being provocative and having fun
with it you know don't take it too
seriously but how many of you are
familiar with a book written decades ago
called The Celestine prophecies have you
ever heard of that it was a very
influential it's a fiction it's just a
fictional story but the a key Concept in
those books was that when people started
noticing coincidences more often the
coincidences were a signal for a
Consciousness shift that human awareness
was about to take a leap now I've always
been fascinated by that and there's no
reason in the world to think that a
Consciousness shift would be
preed by some kind of bunch of
coincidences
unless there's an obvious reason for
it you you want to hear an obvious
reason why you might notice more
coincidences right before a perceptual
shift like a really obvious
reason the coincidences were always
there but your awareness improved and
you're just noticing something that was
right in front of you the whole whole
time but you just didn't see it so when
somebody noticed a Doppel ganger of Mike
cernovich maybe you year ago they would
have walked right past
him not even
noticed so I'm not saying any this is
true I'm just having fun with it but you
could imagine a situation in which the
general awareness of the public is
increasing and they not only see the big
stuff more clearly such as the
misinformation you know architecture of
our existence such as the full
propagandized news you know that sort of
thing if you're noticing the big stuff
that you didn't really quite understand
before wouldn't it make sense that
you're also maybe noticing other
patterns just because your pattern
recognizer has gone to another
level and might we see might we see
other examples that would
suggest that human awareness is reaching
a new
level do you know anybody who predicted
that human awareness was about to take a
gigantic change yes that would be me in
2016 or 15 I can't remember uh I
predicted a number of times in public
and nobody even commented on it because
it was such a strange prediction that
Trump would change
more than politics
that he would rip a hole in the fabric
of reality and change how we saw reality
itself one of my better
predictions all right but uh let's uh
let's take this a little bit uh
further why why are some other reasons
that you might be able to see more
coincidences well it could be like I
said there's a coincidence storm that
you apparently notice because your
ability to notice things is getting
better in general or here's another
possibility maybe it is code reuse and
we're a simulation that we're literally
a program and the program is reaching
some limits you know physical limits
because we keep getting more complicated
more people are born every person has a
complicated life that has to integrate
with every other complicated life so you
could quite easily imagine that even an
amazingly powerful computer would reach
some kind of limitation of its resources
eventually doesn't have to but it but it
could now if you were the programmer and
you were like really good like you're
not even an average programmer like
you're a programmer from the future or
even AI wrote it maybe AI programmed it
so it really knew how to take care of
every possibility that's that's the best
programmer right the best programmer
anticipates everything that could go
wrong and then programs around it so one
of of the things that could go wrong is
you'd run out of resources then what are
you going to do slow it down and then we
all start moving in slow motion would we
notice it I think I'm moving in slow
motion suddenly no that's a bad
solution how
about the program starts to reuse code
so it doesn't have to make up new code
all the
time that would save some resources so
maybe you would say oh hell I'm not
going to design a new person I'll just
copy some of the people I already have
and they're not going to
notice maybe so maybe you're just
running out of resources in the
simulation I don't think that's true but
like to put on all the fun
possibilities but here's the thing you
have to understand about what you see
around
you if you could somehow know in in
where you're sitting right now as you're
watching this your exact environment
where you are if you had some way to
know
how much of your actual environment that
you think you see clearly is actually a
clear picture if you could trace the
light coming into your eyes and then how
that's translated into a signal and how
that reaches your brain if you could see
that somehow separate from how your
brain is processing it you would see
it's just this big fuzzy approximate
thing yeah and that would blow your mind
it's a good thing you can't see that
what's really happening is your brain is
making you see Clarity where it non
exists let let me tell you what's
probably close to
real all right if I hold this object in
my hand and I and I put all my focus on
it there's a reasonably good chance that
I'm seeing this very simple clean object
in the middle of my field somewhat close
to how it actually exists but everything
in my peripheral I imagine is also clear
but I'm not looking at it at the moment
but probably it's all just invented it's
just sort of like this General canvas of
invention that your brain is putting in
there because your brain can't see
everything clearly here's where I
learned this
first a tennis player uh who watches
ball hit near a line and then you know
there's an argument hey I saw it clearly
hitting the line and somebody else says
I clearly saw it outside which one of
them is right
one saw it hit the line and one saw it
missed the line which one was right now
you say well how would I know I'm not
there you're just making up this example
no there's an answer There's an actual
answer to the
question the answer is neither of them
are right both of them are seeing an
invention of their mind neither of them
are seeing a ball hit
alive they're not and the we reason we
know that is at a certain speed speed
your eyes can't really process it so the
ball is coming in faster than your eyes
can see it and the moment it hits is
actually your
hallucination you don't actually even
see the ball
hit now I think sometimes you do by
coincidence because you're kind of
seeing the ball at stages and then your
brain is filling in the in between stuff
but the part you're seeing is here then
here than here so if you were lucky at
the exact time the ball hit was also a
time you were seeing it well maybe you
did see it but
probably your brain filled in a little
movie of where it it thinks it
landed and you you think you saw it with
your own eyes but what you saw was your
brain inventing a scene for you because
it couldn't see it at that
speed yeah most of what you see is
invented by your brain it's not actually
what it looks like like but your brain
says it's
clear now let me give you another
example let's say I'm a bad programmer
and I want to create a simulated world
but I don't want to give it a lot of
detail because my computers are not
strong enough to make everything precise
and detailed but I don't want the
characters who are in the simulation to
know it's not detailed because if they
see it pixelated you know then the game
is over they're like hey I'm in a
pixelated environment this is obviously
a simulation so that's not going to work
so instead I program it like
this hey hey little character in the
program that I just wrote If you think
you're looking at an object right in
front of you your brain will see this
clearly that's it that's the whole
program your brain will see it clearly
even if your eyes don't really have the
ability to do that so your your
environment will always be be
clear but it's not actually what's there
or what your what your eye is picking
up so yeah reality is kind of weird um
the other possibility is that these
coincidences are something called a
coincidence and they don't mean anything
at all and you're not in the simulation
and there no doppelgangers and none of
it's none of it's real I mean if you're
going to bet on it I think I'd bet on it
just being a coincidence but it's fun
here's another possibility for
doppelgangers uh this from a reply by
Michael
guarin and I think I'll just read it
because it's so well expressed i' never
heard this
before and uh Michael says genes like
energy are conserved as scale to which I
say uh I don't know what that means but
he goes on he says they don't go away
but will
resurface there's been some decent
evidence that humans have suffered
several
population
bottlenecks which is when the total
number of people live worldwide was
quite
small which kind of makes sense with my
earlier conversation of civilizations
coming and going one such example comes
from ruggers I think in a 2005 or six uh
some kind of study that all pre 1492
Native Americans descend from
approximately 100
people that cross the land bridge
now that kind of makes sense doesn't it
like if you assume that Native Americans
got through over that little land bridge
that was frozen for much of history but
at some point they could walk it you
wouldn't really guess that a million
people came
over I would guess small group you know
made it so and maybe a lot of people
died on the way Etc but what if it's
true that a hundred people came
across um or or that in history there
are a number of other times when the
total number of people got really small
and then that group had to regrow the
population so as uh Michael guarin goes
on he said uh you would expect if the
bottleneck was small enough and the
total population today large enough that
there would be lots of Doppel gangers
because the way genetics work is you
don't always create something that's
like a copy of yourself but you can
create maybe a couple Generations down
something that was pretty close to you
just by chance so go doppelgangers would
not be unusual if they all came from the
first group of a 100 but it would be
very unusual if your starting group was
a million does that make sense so it
could be one one reason why you see more
doppelgangers than you think ought to be
normal
um and I and then I would add to that I
said this on my man cave last
night um we're going to tie it all
together
now do you know how some people seem
like old
souls and if you say to me Scott what
does that mean what what do you mean by
an old soul my answer would be I'm not
really sure but I I feel like I know it
when I see it right and I think most of
you would say the same thing I'm not
really sure how to define that I kind of
know it when I see it right there some
children who are just born adults I
happened to be one of them I was
basically born an adult and it feels
like they have an old
soul but what
if they are very similar
genetically to some relative from before
like in my case of Grandfather I'm I'm
told I I never met him because he died
when I was in the womb but I'm told that
I'm sort of the personality spitting
image of my grandfather I never met but
not so much my father my father was
different than both of us so it could be
that the genes you know did their thing
and I just became very much like my
grandfather now here's the interesting
thing I don't know if epep is it
epigenetics um or laran stuff I don't
know if any of that's real is it
possible that a grandfather could have a
life experience that modified his genes
in a way that I would pick up two
generations
later is that
possible a lot of people say yes but
just for fun let's say it is just for
fun what would happen if my grandfather
had a life experience that modified his
genes and then I I'm born
later would I pick up some of the
qualities that would be associated with
wait for it
lived
experience in other words could my genes
have picked up
experience in a way in a in like an
indirect way that came from another
human if so it would be very much like I
had inherited an older soul but i' done
it the honest way through my genes you
know nothing magic nothing outside of
the Physical Realm but it would feel
exactly like a soul being past down and
I wonder if I would even have some
awareness of it because I feel as if I
do I actually
feel the length of that connection to my
grandfather I've never met but it's
probably mental because my mother used
to mention it a lot but anyway maybe
there's something to genes and
souls well let's go to politics the
Supreme Court as you know rejected the
request to expedite Jack Smith the
prosecutor's uh
um question about uh whether I think the
question is whether Trump would be
immune because he was a president during
some of the some of the accusations now
the Supreme Court
rejected reviewing it which means that
now the lower court can do its thing
because the request had been hey if we
think this is going to get to the
Supreme Court anyway can we just skip
this middle step because it's a waste of
time so the Supreme Court said nope you
are not going to skip the middle step
which I kind of understand the middle
step exists for a reason and they did
not have a compelling reason that to
skip the metal step middle step so they
didn't want to do it just because it's
important I like that I like the fact
that they weren't willing to do it just
because it's important because that
wasn't the right reason that's not the
reason the reason should be that the
lower court you know didn't get get it
right or something and there was a
reason to appeal that's the reason they
should handle it so they stuck to it I
like it I'm happy with that but here's
how people are interpreting it if you
turn on any right leaning news or watch
anybody tweeting about it they will say
this that really the reason that Jack
Smith wanted to expedite is so that he
could uh put Trump in jail potentially
before the election and therefore Trump
you know wouldn't have a chance of
winning or his chance would be much
lower he could still win from jail but
his odds would be much lower that that
all worked
down so that's why you how many of you
have seen that reporting and therefore
say the experts on the right this this
is pretty much proof that the
prosecution is political because it was
so important to get it done before the
election and the only reason to do that
is to stop him
politically so how many of you are on
that page that the Supreme Court and
Jack Smith's action are really
confirming that the legal part was
 and it was just political
everybody so basically 100% of you are
on that
page has uh anybody checked out
MSNBC have you seen what the left says
about
this if you haven't seen what the left
says about it you're going to need to
check it out do you know what the left
says about
it it's not going to be it's not going
to be
delayed no it might hold it up a little
bit but it'll still be done before the
election I I I thought I was like
hallucinating because I you I just
happened to I was just flipping through
some news channels and I caught a legal
expert and the Le and the legal expert
was very experienced in this field like
he was actually a you know a federal
department of
justice uh lawyer who knew exactly what
he was talking about and when people
people on the right are like aha you
know Trump won because this won't get
done before the
election a guy who knows exactly what
he's talking about said it won't make a
much difference yeah may maybe delayed a
little
bit so now now check check your own
propaganda
situation Have You Been propagandized by
your own side did they tell you some
 about this is going to make a
difference because I don't see
it I don't see it at
all I don't see anything that
happened I'm going to go further to
really make you
mad I don't see anything that suggest as
political why did you all see that what
are you saying that I don't
see now let me be clear it could be and
it probably is like my my
intuition my gut my experience and
everything I've ever experienced in my
whole life all point in the same D same
direction which is everything's
political all 91 indictments all four
cases all political all right so you and
I are 100% on the same page that
everything's
political
however trying to expedite a
case if if I were the prosecutor I would
try to expede the case for what reason
what one would be purely political but
what would be the other reason to try to
expedite a
case how about every reason in
the world
how how about the best reason to
expedite a case is that that's exactly
what our politicals uh are justice
system
requires the justice system requires him
to try to do to do the job fast if he
knows it's going to end up in the
Supreme Court he'd be a
not to go there
first Am I Wrong tell me I'm wrong if
you know it's going to go to the Supreme
Court
he would be a incompetent
 if he didn't at least see well
why don't you see if he could just
handle this right
away why why would he do all this court
preparation for a lower core if it's a
complete waste of time don't you think
he wants to go home for Christmas too I
mean next
Christmas no no here so here's the thing
you're you're making some
assumptions here's the Assumption you're
making that there's one and only one
valid reason for for asking the Supreme
Court to go
fast there's every reason to ask them to
do that reason number one it's the right
thing to
do speedy trial speedy trial is the most
basic well it's one of the most basic
things in our system so you're telling
me that you're mad that the prosecutor
tried to get a speedy trial and skip a
step this completely a waste of
time that's why we pay him we pay him to
make a speedy trial that doesn't waste
anybody's time and you're and we're
acting like the only way to interpret
that is
politically now keep in mind I do think
everything that they're doing is
political but you don't see it in that
it's not in that
example well let me be more clear it
could be entirely in that example but
the alternative that he's just doing his
job exactly the way you'd want him to do
his job this is exactly how I want him
to do his
job don't you how many of you would want
him not to have tried to skip the
unnecessary step would would you be
happier if you skip the unnecessary step
step why what's the argument for
that uh wrong the speed to hurt defense
so some are saying that the reason for
the speed would be to the
defense but but correct me if I'm wrong
does not the defense get to argue how
much time they need to the court and can
that not be modified based on real
reasons isn't that normal
routine that you you say how much time
you need and reasonable people look at
it and say yeah and and if something
comes up there like a real real real
good reason that you know there's some
important evidence that just will take
another month no matter what wouldn't
the judge say all right that's such
that's so important we'll change the
trial date to make sure we have
that so to me it seems like the defense
always has the right to at least request
under reasonable standards a change in
the
trial likewise the the prosecution does
for any variety of
reasons right so you're
wrong let me just say
this if you haven't seen how the left is
treating this
issue I feel like you're Flying
Blind so you don't need to change your
opinion that it's completely political
because I think there's enough obvious
evidence for that but if you think you
proved it because of this I don't see it
you're going to have to do
better I'm just going to guess what he
would say here's what I
guess um we Tred to do Speedy trials and
not waste money and I tried to skip an
unnecessary step that both sides uh
prosecution Etc probably thought were
unnecessary did we hit the 34 Minute
glitch again I'm I've seen both
platforms there is 34
minutes what the hell is
that it's a 34 Minute
glitch but it's on both platforms and
the only thing they have in common is my
Wi-Fi why would my
Wi-Fi glitch every
day I feel like there's maybe something
comes online that uses the
same I don't think it's throttling I
don't know buffer overun I don't know
it's a mystery all
right
um let's talk about uh the Rolling
Stones has an article about uh Trump who
apparently is telling his close advisor
types that he plans to keep saying uh
that the illegal immigrants are
poisoning the blood of America now of
course his opponents are saying that
came out of mine comp you're talking
like Hitler uh stop talking like Hitler
to which Trump says I think I'm going to
double down on talking like Hitler no
don't do it you sound like hiter now I'm
going to Triple my talk like Hiller no
no you're so Hitler stop it okay now I'm
going to do nothing but Hitler no
no I I feel like he's just making them
crazy because he's literally doubling
down on the thing that they think is his
biggest um his biggest
vulnerability just think about it he's
doubling
down on giving them fod for what they
consider his biggest
vulnerability what's up with
that is he suddenly stupid Trump is it
is it like just doesn't make any
sense my first reaction was why would
you do this this is just making your job
harder all you had to do is just keep
your mouth shut and just you know Coast
into the job
yeah well let me suggest the possibility
because I know I know I'm getting mocked
for oh you're doing 44 D CHS no he's
just being stupid maybe
maybe well it's not how I would have
played it so but let's just explore the
possibility there's something here
that's more strategic than
obvious uh and this comes from uh Andre
uh what was his name famous tennis Andre
Agassi so Andre Agassi when he would
play against top players he he only
needed to do this but against the top
players uh let's say he's playing
somebody who has the best backand in the
world they like oh my God you don't want
to hit to their backand do you know what
he would do hit to their backand because
it was their best shot cuz if he could
break it down there was nothing
left cuz if he takes s their best shot
by you know winning more points on their
best shot than they Wi on their best
shot their entire uh architecture of
confidence crumbles so he can beat
people in the first few
games right it's like maybe you have to
win three out of five sets but he can
win in the first three games all he has
to do is go right at their strongest
shot until he wins more points than they
want on their strongest shot and then
they're dead
they're absolutely dead and then the
rest of it is just you know bayonetting
the the wounded basically now you have
to be so good that you can beat their
best shot so I mean it's not like so
much a strategy as you know he's so good
but he could have very easily you know
tried to go to the weak shot which would
tell the other person that they have a
really good shot because he's really
staying away from my forehand so you
don't give him any confidence you just
go right at their best shot you break it
down and then they got nothing they have
nothing left after that now what is what
is the Democrats best shot on Trump well
clearly they've completely abandoned
anything like policy just you is he's a
he's a dictator and you fill in the
blanks we we have some new Democrats who
have added some new
dictators so an anti-trump group uh is
now comparing him in some kind of AD to
M musolini or
Orban Orban is the leader
of uh Hungary no who is Orban Hungary
right yeah so they're comparing him to
other leaders that they think are
totalitarian
now
um let me mock this they actually have
to add more
dictators so so saying that Trump was
like
Hitler wasn't getting him any traction
so here was their
strategy I think we don't have enough
dictators okay they're not buying the
they're not buying Hitler what if we add
uh
musi well now you're talking now you're
talking that's two dictators
wow I wasn't too concerned when you
compared Trump to one dictator but oh my
God now
two Orban Orban three three oh no oh no
three
dictators how about Putin oh no it's
Putin oh four dictators oh
oh do you know what this makes me uh
think of when they keep adding
dictators see if this doesn't make you
laugh I'm I'm waiting to see if anybody
said it yet in the comments you're not
there
yet two words you ready for
it more
cowbell yeah what do you think more
cowbell do you know why that's funny now
first of all it's uh comes from Saturday
live uh and what was the name of the
actor uh
who's got the uh yeah Christopher Walkin
in some skit he's doing some musical
skit and he's insisting that there'd be
more cowbell now cowbell is usually the
you know sort of the least respected
instrument you except maybe the
tambourine you know that when the lead
singer like does the tambourine because
the lead singer can't play an instrument
but beyond the
tambourine the probably the cowbell is
the least respected of the the
instrument
Parts um but I I just think of more
cowbell every time they add a new
dictator and I feel like just saying
that it's like well he's like Hitler go
on well he's also like musolini more
cowbell well he's also like Orban more
cowbell well he's also like Putin more
cowbell
well he's also kind of like Paul pot
more
cowbell well he's also like Thanos more
cowbell so just yell more cowbell every
time they had a dictator it'll be funny
so here's why Trump might be smarter
than you
think he goes for
energy and he goes
for um he's breaking down their
strongest uh their strongest stroke this
is their backand well I'll call it their
forehand because forehand usually
stronger that this is the democrat's
forehand he's going out their
forehand he's he's so aggressive
which is why people like him like he
doesn't it would be easy for him to to
back down from this and say you know we
love the immigrants we love them love
the immigrants but you know we need to
do a little more on the border that's
not really going to make you excited or
even believe he's going to do
much but if he goes further than he's
supposed to go to the point where his
opponents are calling him Hiller more
cowbell mus more cowbell or
Ben then he's got him right where he
wants him what are you thinking about
when Trump is going too far on the
border what do you think thinking about
where's your brain
go that that it'll get the job
done but by making you think that he'll
go too far it makes you think well at
least he'll get the job
done he his his
persuasion is not exactly how I would do
it but like I always say you can't
compare him to any other human or animal
like Trump is is just his own entity
like it comparing him to anything is
just a waste of time he's just his own
and I think he's going right at their
forehand because he wants to break it
down now let me ask you if they compare
him to every dictator in the world and
it's all they have between now and
election day who
wins if it's all they have it's just
more cowbell it's going to sound like
people will just be used to it and it'll
just look
stupid yeah so let me give you a good
general rule for persuasion or for
spotting a dishonest argument here's a
good rule somebody who has an honest
argument in politics or anything else is
going to say here are the
pros and here are the cons but when you
consider all the pros and you consider
all the cons on net I'm in favor of this
or I'm against it now then you've got
something to work with maybe you debate
the the facts maybe you debate the
priorities but that's an honest argument
here's all the pros here's all the cons
here's what I think about it on that so
if you see that you should engage as an
honest debater yourself you know if you
want to be a good person uh because
that's an honest person they're they're
trying even if they disagree with you it
looks like they're trying
now here's what not an honest debate
looks
like
analogies if all you're getting is scary
analogies you know this is like the
Great Depression you know this is like
Hitler you know this reminds me of you
know the destruction of the Roman Empire
you know right if you have analogies
without an
argument that is a dishonest debate
it's dishonest because they're not
trying to win on any kind of logic or
priorities or anything they're just
trying to scare the that of you so
I don't know why nobody else is
mentioning this why am I the only one to
mention that the attacks against Trump
have nothing to do with his policies
it's entirely analogies they're simply
taking other people in other situations
well you know Hitler in
1939 well you know what it's not ger
it's not
1939 he's not a
Hiller and almost nothing about that
applies but if your brain thinks it does
then it can be persuasive now I'm not
saying the Democrats are not being
persuasive they are it's just all they
have they really have to run as far as
and hard as they can from policy because
Biden didn't
deliver and everybody everybody can see
for example that the borders a mess and
crime in the city and all
that
um I'm going to agree with Biden people
on one
thing I do think the economy is better
than the press or the public maybe is
quite realized now you say to yourself
but but you know prices are too high yes
and the debt is out of control yes so if
you looked at those two things they
actually are a mess but it is we we have
a strange economy where employment's not
so bad and if anything employers are
going to be begging for workers um I do
think workers pay has gone up maybe not
as much as inflation um it does look
like we're getting our um Supply chains
slowly but consistently we're getting
our supply chains under control that's
good especially the the critical stuff
you know not fast enough enough not
nearly fast enough but moving in the
right direction so I'm going to give I'm
going to give Biden a
uh B minus on the economy B minus which
is probably better than the public
thinks it is because that when you buy
the gas and you buy the groceries you
know you just vomit in your own mouth I
mean even I do and I'm I'm doing okay
like when I when I buy groceries I'm
actually shocked I'm shocked and
I can afford it so you it's not
affecting my life too much but I was
 shocked when I had this little
pile of Gres and they're like that'll be
$200 I'm like
what that that that little that little
pile that's
$200 I mean it just my mind exploded
normally I don't even pay attention to
honestly you know I hate to say it
because it's such a douchebag thing I
don't really pay attention to small
consumer item prices because you know it
doesn't affect my life but is so high
that I'm actually paying attention and
I'm actually making decisions that I
wouldn't have made before about well
maybe I don't need
that so yeah I can see why people think
the economy is garbage but it's probably
a little bit better than they think it's
just not affecting them personally yet
uh I am worried about the crushing debt
I don't know how we get out of that all
right
um here's Governor New talking about uh
Trump let's see if you can find his
policy
criticisms policy criticisms here's
Governor
Nome um he he warned that efforts to
prevent former president Trump from
getting on the ballot in his state would
be political distraction so he doesn't
want to do it but oh that's very big of
him isn't
it like it matters in California
California doesn't matter Trump's not
going to win California so it doesn't
matter what they do so Nome instead of
Nome saying it doesn't matter what we do
because he's not going to win California
he just says it's a political
distraction which is actually pretty
smart because it sounds more like a high
ground you know I'm the adult in the
room don't bother with this trivial
stuff he's right about it uh but then he
says this quote there is no doubt I like
that there's no doubt oh no there's no
doubt see if you have any doubt about
what follows in the rest of the sentence
because he told you there's no
doubt so what follows must be true to
every human in the world no doubt so
there is no doubt that Donald Trump is a
threat to our liberties and even to our
democracy Now what was the part about
his
policies I say
that's
it where's the part about when he was
president last time which wasn't too
long ago he did all of these terrible
things and took away your
Liberties I don't remember that
happening I feel
like that was kind of weird that Trump
waited until the second term to take
away our liberties why doesn't he take
away our liberties in the first four
years if he's going to take away our
liberties so you can see now that even
Nome who is sort of the standard of
quality for the Democrats he's basically
the best they have I hate to say it he's
the best they have and he's not even
touching policy the only way he'll touch
policy is to tell you it's like Hitler
so he's you know roughly touching on
immigration policy but he doesn't
mention it it's like well
Hitler what do you think about Trump's
po policy about uh energy and drill baby
drill well Hiller
what do you think about Trump's uh
saying he could you know stop the war in
Ukraine well
Hitler that's all they have more
cowbell I tell you consistently that you
can't understand uh politics until you
understand the
players so wherever I can I'm going to
tell you about a player that you'll
remember that the next time you see the
that player you'll know you're not
dealing with an honest broker of
information right have you heard of a
publication called the
Atlantic well the Atlantic is perhaps
the very worst of the absurdly political
biased uh anti-trump deranged
 but because the Atlantic is an
old institution as a publication there
are many people as in Democrats
who don't know it's not a legitimate
publication I mean it's not even close
to legitimate it's just a purely
political
instrument so what did they say
um today they had an article says in the
debate over Freedom versus control of
the global Network meaning the internet
Freedom versus control China was largely
correct and the US was
wrong yes the Atlantic would like you to
believe that China is more correct in
censoring their internet because the
only way the Democrats can win is to
prevent Republicans from having free
speech they're kind of saying it
directly now now here's the important
part the fact that it's in the
Atlantic tells you that it's U basically
a Democrat op it's not just a bunch of
people who agree with Democrats it's
more likely
very connected to the Democrat strategy
then just you know randomly agrees with
them if the Democrat strategy is to get
you feeling a little bit better about
Chinese level
censorship or the Iranian model where
the uh the Ayatollah decides who's on
the ballot oh yeah we have democracy
here you can vote for anybody you want
as long as I've approved them being on
the
ballot so that's that's what they're
trying to do with Trump you can vote for
anybody you want but we're going to tell
you who can be on the
ballot so yeah so the Atlantic is part
of this Mass misinformation Democrat
machine that's trying to propagandize
you or prime you for greater internet
control do you know why because that
misinformation that you're getting in
other words everything Republicans say
according to them that Miss information
would lead to what what would it lead to
could it lead to losing your Liberty and
your
democracy yeah so that the so the
Atlantic is one of the ones to keep in
your mind that whatever they're saying
is an OP it's not news and it's not
exactly even an opinion it's not even
the real opinion of the people saying it
it's an OP you should see it that way
it's just pure
propaganda
well this is disturbing uh Congressman
Tim burette uh described on a podcast
how the blackmail operations work in
Congress now what is scarier than
thinking the worst about something and
then finding out is exactly
correct now I don't know if Tim berett
has seen
this or he's just like us where he just
assumes it's true but he's he's there I
feel like he saw it here's how he
describes the system now remember he's
in the system he's not like us he's not
looking from the outside he's in the
system that he's describing this way
quote uh this is how it works you're
visiting uh you're out of the country
you're out of town or you're in a motel
or bar in DC and some uh whatever you're
into women or men or whatever comes up
and they're very attractive and they're
laughing at your jokes and you're buying
them a Dr things and next thing you know
you're in the motel room with them naked
and the next thing you know you're about
to make a key vote and what happens some
well-dressed person comes up and
Whispers In Your Ear hey man there's
tape sound on you were you in a hotel
room on whatever with whoever and then
you're like oh and said uh you really
you really ought to be not be voting for
this
thing do you think that's accurate
I mean he's he could not be a better
Source he's right in the middle of this
world is it Act is it literally that
obvious it's like right on the nose they
literally have the what do you call it
the the sugar trap or something there's
some name for it what's the name for
that when
the a honey poot yeah so it's a sugar
trap it's a Honeypot
um that literally there's
hyot and that literally somebody comes
up and says we have
tapes now I'm sure that has happened in
American
history and you know numerous times I'm
sure but I wonder how Universal it
is it does it describe literally
everything because I think this has been
happening since what J Edgar
Hoover that there's been you know like a
an ongoing blackmail
operation well um do you know what makes
this
worse what why are politicians easy to
Blackmail I'm going there's an obvious
reason do you know why I mean other than
the fact they do bad things but other
people do bad things
too um I have a
feeling that one of the reasons people
go into politics is that they're too
ugly to get laid
otherwise
Am I
Wrong look look at your
politicians and then you subtract down
some outliers it's like okay JFK he was
good-look right and apparently had a
pretty active sex life but you know he's
he's an
outlier if if Mitch Mitchell is getting
a little on the
side do you think it's because he's
quite a lover he really knows how to get
it done if you know what I mean he's a
finisher probably not now I'm not
suggesting he's having any kind of
situation like that I'm just saying that
if you were to take a picture of the
certainly the men in Congress it's
mostly the men I think if you took a
picture of the men they're not exactly
killing it on
Tinder so I think they're unusually easy
to Blackmail because you just got to pay
somebody to you know close their eyes
and do whatever drugs they need to to
get the job done but yeah I think uh
Congress is especially s uh they're
especially susceptible to this so my
suggestion is
this you should either uh only vote for
people who can get laid without your
help in other words they don't need the
job well I can still get laid and then
maybe maybe less
blackmail um or people who have been uh
so thoroughly vetted that you wouldn't
be surprised a bit and the blackmail
wouldn't even work if you caught them
with their pants down in the middle of a
you know the Public
Square can you think of anybody like
that who would be who would be a
politician who has been caught so many
times that it wouldn't even mean
anything if you caught him
again
yeah and Trump is perfect I I think he's
as close to unblack a mailable as we've
ever had for a leader he might be he
might be the Pinnacle of an unblack
amable person and I I remind you of this
all the time but when he was running for
office the first time he said publicly
I'm No
Angel when he did that I said to myself
okay you just told us what what the game
is I'm No Angel but I'm on your
side that was a pretty good package
I wanted somebody to say I'm No Angel so
if something comes out later that shows
them they're No Angel go oh well you
didn't you didn't lie to
me I guess I should have seen it coming
but at the same time he says I'm not
going to be an angel but I'm going to be
the I'm going to be the on your
side and then he acts exactly like he's
on your side closing the Border Etc so I
can live with that I I can totally live
with I'm No Angel but I'm going to be
the the demon on your
team sounds good to
me all right um there are all these uh
Trump Nikki Haley rumors CBS is
reporting that Trump was asking his
allies about the possibility of Nikki
hilly for vice president and then then
Trump supporters got all excited and
upset and yada yada y here's my take on
that if there's one thing we've learned
about Trump he will ask all the
questions that are the right questions
to ask and then when he's done asking
all the right questions to ask he'll go
a little
further which I actually love about him
remember the story about he asked if he
could use a nuclear weapon to stop a
hurricane do you remember that now I
don't know if he ever asked that
question I think he denied it but I love
the fact if he did I love
it now the answer was no that's crazy
and then it didn't come up
again but don't you like that he ask the
question just brainstorm right I I
absolutely like that he asked the
question I had no problem with that at
all so when he asked the question what
about Nikki hilly as vice president that
is not an indication that he likes her
on the ticket to me that's the normal
Trump way of doing business that he
doesn't see it because if he saw it he
wouldn't be asking am I right if if he
felt she was the right choice he
wouldn't be asking the question so he's
not feeling it and and when he asks the
question it
suggests that he's looking for somebody
to make the best argument to see if it
changes his
mind that is good that's good for you
should always check to see if somebody
can change your mind because it's one of
the biggest questions right his his VP
is one of the biggest questions so he
wants get it right right and and just
like I was going to use that example
when he got in trouble for asking about
the injecting of the disinfectant the
the context was light as the
disinfectant so he went beyond what
you'd expect and asked the extra
question well could you use light you
know if you could inject the light
inside the body would it work and then
it got misinterpreted misinterpreted as
drinking bleach of course but I wanted
him to ask the question I was happy he
asked the question it just got turned
out wrong so yeah ask the question I
don't think there's any chance and um as
I posted um I don't think I could
support him if she were Vice President
let me do a quick
poll many of you are probably Trump
supporters should he get the nomination
you may maybe you're supporting somebody
else but if he got the
nomination how many of you would
withdraw your support if Nikki hilly
were the vice
president all right yeah it looks like
people would withdraw support now let me
ask you this question can you even think
of another choice for voice vice
president that would make you change
your
vote people don't change their vote for
the vice
president but they would for her I would
I I literally that not hyperbole I I
that would be a hard know because I
would I would lose confidence in Trump I
would lose confidence in his judgment If
he if he took such an obvious wrong
choice so Pence was a good choice
because we didn't know much about
him so you just say well all right
whatever if you like him he's it's okay
with me but Haley we know too much
about especially in the military
industrial complex way now I don't know
if the accusations against Nikki hilly
are you know as solid as they appear to
be which is she's a little too close to
the military
Spenders uh but it could be I mean it's
a huge red flag so it doesn't seem like
the right fit for Trump I'm glad he's
asking the question my personal
assumption is zero chance it will
happen zero
chance but I think he and Haley have had
a uh a good history right am I right I
thought they got along when she was in
the administration so I don't mind at
all they ask the question because asking
the question is how he finds out how
other people feel about it and that's
exactly what he should be doing he's
probably thinking that his own judgment
let me put it another way because he
worked with her and had a you know
reasonably good
Association I think he's not trusting
his own judgment and he wants to get
some more objective opinions on it but
he'll be fine there's no way he's going
to pick
her uh but Nikki hilly does seem to be
surging in the New Hampshire polling all
the way up to just barely behind Trump
who is polling at 33% with two or 29%
the rest of the field is way behind now
that's probably what
triggered Trump to start asking the
question but does does New Hampshire
mean anything to
anybody I feel like New Hampshire is the
least
indicative um
primary isn't it the it goes first so it
can definitely change how we think about
it but it
shouldn't so I don't know I'm not
worried about New
Hampshire Trump was asked if he would
debate a
Republican and I guess you who had to
ask him that and he gave exactly the
right answer
exactly the right answer the right
answer is yes if it gets close but it's
not there yet because he wants act
strong like of course I would talk to
them but he also doesn't want to look
like he's wasting his time with the
undercard so he gives the exactly the
right answer if if somebody comes close
yeah that would make sense have a
debate just what you want to hear he
might not mean it but it's exactly the
right
answer
um here's something you didn't see
coming um Rond de sanus uh had been
backed by I guess one of the biggest B
backers it's the main outside group uh
was a pack polit political action
committee uh called Never Back Down
Never back down let's get an update on
Never back down oh they're backing down
they're backing down so uh they're
they're not going to run ads in Iowa or
New
Hampshire they're uh they're not going
to run ads in Iowa or New Hampshire the
first two
primaries I feel like they backed
down let me give you some hypnotist and
humorist
advice when you're picking the name of
your
group you should say to yourself how can
this be mock
it's exactly the same if you're picking
a name for your
child if your last name is
Cass don't name your child
Jack am I right because you should ask
yourself how old the school
kids respond to naming my child Jack
Cass do you think that will cause any
problems now I only mentioned that
because I grew up with somebody named
Jack Cass yeah I mean he his born name
was Jonathan but everybody called him
jack so yeah don't do that never call
your pack Never back down if you think
you might back down all right surprise
of the day uh W Street Apes had this
post so You' probably heard of uh The
Honorable Mr Minister Lewis
faran you all know who he is right so uh
I think he's accused to be of being
anti-semitic but he is a uh well-known
powerful longtime leader in the black
community for the subset of the black
community who likes his messages so he's
very
controversial um specifically
anti-semitic is the is the charge on him
um but here's what he
said there just
mind-blowing now remember I said that
those doppelgangers and those coinci res
es they might associate a larger shift
in
Consciousness a larger shift in
Consciousness let me let me read to you
what the honorable Minister Lewis faran
says about Donald Trump this is recent
I'll read the whole
thing um quote uh the nature of this
Administration is good for us he was
talking about Trump maybe this was uh
maybe this is when Trump was not sure
the on this um he says because of
Trump's way he is an anomaly there's
never been no president quite like Mr
Trump there's something that he's doing
Trump is destroying every enemy that was
an enemy of our rise in this case he's
talking about Black Americans so he's
saying that Trump and black Americans
have the same
enemies that sound
familiar something I've told you uh he
said who's the enemy of arise is it the
Department of Justice where we get
none is it Congress where where you make
a law that favors us and then you turn
around and destroy
it is it the media that has destroyed
every black leader that stood up for
us uh Martin Luther King suffered
it and then he says uh Malcolm suffered
it uh then he talks about Trump some
more he says he's attacking in the media
calls it fake news we have been the
victims of some fake news yes he's
beating up the FBI and then he says go
at it baby yeah they've been beating the
hell out of us ever since J Hoover in
the in the counter I don't know what the
counter
is
so does that feel like a shift in
Consciousness it does doesn't
it so the shift in Consciousness is that
the Democrats have been gaslighting them
them the black Americans the whole
time and that they couldn't tell who
their friends were and who their enemies
were but when Trump very clearly
targeted all the same people that
farakhan would call his enemies he
couldn't miss it
anymore what what would you call
noticing that Trump had targeted
the the media the FBI the Department of
Justice another word for that would be
uh would be another word for that it's
the same things that Black America
wanted he targeted and then trunk
actually did it what's another word for
that that's a coincidence isn't it kind
of a
coincidence so lisis farakhan noticed a
pattern that maybe he hadn't noticed
until recently
that wait a minute that's kind of a
coincidence I don't I think the
Department of Justice is corrupt and now
this Republican guy does too that's a
weird
coincidence wait we think the FBI is
corrupt but you're saying Trump says
that too s that's two
coincidences wait you're saying you're
saying that the news the dog the the FBI
all of them he's going after all of
them do you see the B
pattern those doppelgangers are people
who are noticing patterns it just
happens to be a trivial pattern it's not
important you know somebody looks like
somebody else but that that raisin
Consciousness that allows you to see
patterns allows you to break out of the
brainwashing because it's those
patterns that are the key to the door if
you're in your little brainwash bubble
there's actually a door
and it's got a keyhole and the keyhole
are the
coincidences wait a minute if if this is
true then how could this other thing be
true well if it were just one thing
maybe you ignore it but wait a minute
how but this other thing is true
also how does that make sense with this
other
thing and then the coincidence start to
find form a pattern and then the
pattern becomes a key
and then the key goes in the
lock and you escape your
bubble
fakon just found the
keyhole now I'm not a fakon fan so I'm
not fanboying fakon that's not happening
I'm just saying you're seeing an example
of somebody used pattern
recognition as an
escape and it
worked
um here's another
pattern tuer Carlson talking about uh
Assange Julian Assange and Julian
Assange did a number of uh journalistic
things that other people call him a spy
I guess and the journalistic things were
very embarrassing for our Intel
organizations and you the Deep State
basically and Hillary Clinton and
apparently we have reporting that Mike
pompe oo was talking about plans to
murder Assange to murder him so now
you've
got Democrats who want him dead Assange
you got a prominent Republican who was
even running for president at one point
who wanted him dead
reportedly
um and it seems to me
that Assange has embarrassed the Deep
state which might be a little bit both
Republican and Democrat at its
space so the question
is why why are so many people wanting to
kill him or put him in jail forever when
you and I aren't quite sure
why it's been a long
time shouldn't I be able to express the
other argument as easily as I can
express the you know the freom why do I
only know the
argument of why he's a journalist and
should be
freed why am I not aware of the
counterargument is that a coincidence
don't see it
anywhere now now I know the general
argument that he revealed some stuff
that would cause some people to get
killed or something and I'd like to see
that argument and if that's the case you
know that's important
but there there's something about the
lack of transparency
and the fact that he's being treated the
way he's treated that tells you that
this is that everything about this is
corrupt and wrong and should be stopped
I don't know what's wrong with it and I
don't know what's
corrupt but this isn't adding up sorry
the the pattern recognition is too clear
the pattern is if they had the real
Goods the stuff they could argue with
the public was important and you would
agree with it they would tell
you yeah they would tell you when
somebody doesn't have an argument that
they're willing to share with you it's
because they don't have one I mean I I
have a trouble believing that there are
secrets that's that are the real reason
that we don't know what's going on so I
don't trust our government in at all on
the Assange situation and
therefore because citizens although not
in American citizen citizens have the uh
presumption of
innocence so my presumption about
Assange is
innocent and as you know one of the
things that the bad guys do if they
can't figure out a legal way to take you
out is they come up with a fake sex
charge so you know Assange had this fake
sex charge hanging over him some rape
charge or something and do you know why
it went away because there was never any
evidence for it it just went away it
just it was fake yeah so everything that
you think is the worst case scenario
sort of like the representative burette
was telling you about the black
male if you imagine that they wouldn't
cause a fake rape charge to take down an
enemy you're not living in the real
world CU yeah they would yeah they would
yeah Matt Gates perfect example yeah
fake fake sex charges are a common way
to take somebody down so my take on
Assange is I don't know if he did
anything bad I don't know but the lack
of transparency is so
disgusting that I am firmly on the you
better free him or basically put up or
shut up right my assumption is
everybody's a dirty murderer who wants
him to stay where he is you're all dirty
murderers I I don't trust anybody who
wants him in jail if they won't tell you
why I'm open to the argument arent I'm
open to the argument I can be persuaded
that he should stay in jail but no
argument strangely missing nope not
buying it for a minute he should be
freed and and I'm also curious why Trump
didn't do it because you know there was
pressure on Trump to do
it so there's more to the story because
the fact that you can't get a Republican
or a Democrat to to do it and yet we
don't know what's going
on a this thing's all corrupt and dirty
well outgoing Louisiana governor
Edwards uh according to the amuse
account on X um has decided to Pardon uh
40
[Music]
murderers what that that can't be
possible I know for
sure nobody would pardon 40 murderers
that'd be crazy right no it says he
pardoned 40
murders now as amuse
asks what possible
reason what's the reason for
that now I do know that when politicians
are leaving office in retiring it's not
that unusual to Pardon a bunch of people
that maybe you think shouldn't be
pardoned
but
[Music]
murderers 40
murderers you
what it makes me
wonder uh if they were since it was
Louisiana I wonder if they were falsely
accused do do you think it's like 40
black guys who who just the accusations
were too weak and he's just saying you
know what I'm not even sure any of these
people murdered
anybody it could be yeah so I think
there's more we need to know about that
uh but the question of why you doing it
is the right question I'm I'm going to
guess he doesn't think that they were
the cases were strong enough and that
maybe the
relics from a more racist past and maybe
it's just time to set it right I don't
know could we'll find out well fedman
continues to uh be interesting uh he
thanked President Biden for uh pardoning
certain marijuana offenses and he called
the charges weed charges he
said in a statement he said a few
Christmases ago as lieutenant governor I
push for legal weed and uh and
delivering pardons for weed
charges okay Federman stop it just stop
it I don't want to love you I don't want
to love you you're making me love
you I don't like it stop just cut it
out I love that he wants to pardon the
the weed people I love even more that he
calls the charges
 cut it out stop it stop
it damn it I love
you all right
um uh Ian miles Chong is reporting that
a tribunal in the UK has ruled that is
not discrimination for a company to rule
out white men from being hired
what what it's not discrimination to
discriminate interesting take you'd
almost think it's built right into the
word there
discriminate okay um but it makes me ask
this question and yes I'm serious I need
a backup
plan uh if it becomes you know if
America becomes like South Africa like
what's my backup plan where where can a
white man and go to be safe and to be
treated like a full citizen certainly
not America but where can I go now I'll
tell you that tell you where people
suggest it they they said Poland Hungary
uh Italy Japan
Argentina
Iceland um
Indonesia Bhutan
Paraguay Paraguay for the
weed UAE but here's the problem yeah so
I'm ruling out New Zealand and Australia
because they already went woke Thailand
Thailand's on the list of possibilities
Antarctica is looking good not a lot of
discrimination there except against
Penguins or something um Cuba is due for
a flip Switzerland you say not so sure I
I think I think
Europe has the uh is islamicized problem
I think Europe will probably become
Islamic eventually and Hungary is too
close to Russia for my
tastes too close and New Zealand and
Australia too
woke uh Iceland as I told you Iceland
had volcanoes and the whole country
melted it was all made of ice yeah so
Iceland doesn't exist anymore because
the volcano melted it so that's out of
out of the question uh no not really
it's still there
um well Alaska is not a
country you Montenegro yeah I don't want
to be over in that Europe Eastern Europe
area not comfortable with that you know
what you know one of the best answers
was was
Argentina apparently
Argentina is both multiethnic and true
Melting
Pot can anybody confirm that I've
actually heard really good things about
Argentina and uh the people and sort of
the social part is that true or is that
an
exaggeration I I had a friend who used
to travel there just for the
women and apparently he had a really
really good time because all you had to
do is be an American and walk in the
door and suddenly you'd be popular with
the ladies that's what he
said well Argentina might be a m in
terms of their economy and all that but
if you had your own
money is is the culture at least
non-discriminatory Saudi Arabia
Philippines that's
interesting
Philippines yeah so I don't have plans
to move but I think you know it's just
sort of my way to be prepared for
everything you know my house was built
to to withstand you know all the common
disasters and I built in a place that
was you know free from most of the
common disasters and you know if if I
lost my power I could
live right the coldest day in California
you know gets in the 40s I can make a
fire and put some blankets on me I could
live right but if you if you lose your
electricity in Wisconsin in February
like if the whole State loses its power
well good luck with that so I've always
picked tried to pick um situations where
you have lots of Escape you can get away
you can survive you know all that stuff
my house has its own water supply I
don't have to depend on the town so and
I've got a solar but I don't have a
battery yet I need to add a battery back
up um but likewise I think it is time
for white men to at least have a backup
plan because I do think America could
fall in terms of being safe to live here
it's not there but you know that the
these things can be right on the edge
for a long time before they they flip so
things could change quickly it's good to
have a backup plan I heard Costa Rica
heard good things about Costa Rica but I
think that might be more about the
lifestyle than it is about lack of
discrimination uay oh uay not Paraguay
yeah Uruguay is
the better one than Paraguay right do I
have that
right
Neverland Joe
stale yeah probably not Guyana all right
ladies and gentlemen that's all I got
for you today thanks for joining the
best live stream ever and YouTube I will
talk to you tomorrow if you're wondering
will I be live streaming on Christmas
day what do you think will I be live
streaming at the normal time on
Christmas
day
yeah yeah yes I will because I don't
take days off so I'll see you on
Christmas but also see you tomorrow and
uh have a great day thanks
YouTube