bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody it's time for the first ever
troll college class I will be teaching
today's lesson it's very valuable there
are a lot of people who have been
trolling or attempting to troll on
Twitter especially and I've noticed that
they're trolling technique is a little
lacking and so I thought I would jump on
here and give a little class on how to
be a better troll but before we do that
I think we should start with a
simultaneous app grab your cup your
beverage your glass you container your
chalice fill it with your favorite
beverage and join me for the
simultaneous it alright so I hope many
of you have come out from underneath
your bridge to watch this first episode
the first the first class of troll
college now the first thing you need to
know if you're going to be a good troll
on twitter is how to create a good
profile picture the ideal troll profile
picture should be either be a cartoon
some kind of a comic picture can also be
a cat a cat is a sub is a good troll
profile or if you don't have a cat or a
cartoon you could take a picture of a
white male with a bad beard now don't
make the mistake of using the profile
picture of somebody with a neatly
trimmed beard or or one that looks kind
of cool you don't want anything like
that you want it to more scraggly so
scraggly is what you're shooting for
with the with the beard picture all
right so now you got your profile there
are a number of things you need to learn
in terms of the rules of being a troll
and how to how to respond
- comments on internet on the Internet
so I wanted to start with an example in
which your target the target of your
trolling says something and then you
want to respond to it I'll teach you how
to respond so let's say your target is I
don't know let's say Albert Einstein and
let's say that he's made the mistake of
getting on Twitter and he said e equals
mc-squared now the the appropriate
responses to a statement like this for a
good troll would be idiot that one's
always clean simple it works in every
situation you don't really you don't
need to overthink it sometimes sometimes
you just go with idiot or stupid it
could be as good
sometimes but it's just a good
clean idiot and then gone
that is good trolling it's economical
it's to the point it says everything you
need to say and then you're out you
could also just go in with let's say a
more artistic approach instead of just
saying idiot you could say lol it's more
permissive it allows I know more of a
more of a fun environment so that when
you're calling somebody an idiot it's
more of a lol or you could also just do
Wow Wow that's it just go with the wow
and out reasons are not terribly
important for trolling now if your
target happens to be a cartoonist as
opposed to a physicist you would use on
creative references and the key here is
they have to be uncreated it should be
literally the first thing that anybody
would think of when you're doing your
trolling you don't want to say something
that's sort of novel you know unique
creative new
you want to stay away from all the last
stuff so you want to go with the first
thing that anybody would say if they
were going to insult the cartoonist and
it's important to write it in a way that
when people are reading it even when
they read it they make a certain voice
and the voice sounds like this oh
there's the creator of Garfield now it's
hard to write so that the ear hears it
that way but with a little practice you
could get that you should also refer to
anything I say as something that would
come from dilbert's boss the
pointy-haired boss the reason you would
make a reference to Dilbert being really
Garfield or what the cartoonist says as
dilbert's boss is because it's hilarious
you see it right it's hilarious so you
should do that
now if you're going to take this
technique and apply it to let's say
Albert Einstein
instead of saying Albert Einstein you're
the greatest physicist in the world
maybe you know what you're talking about
instead you would say something like
nice haircut something like that where
you'd say Einstein he's old well he's
actually dead now but let's say he was
live but he was old it would be good
enough just to say his old you don't
need to give into the the weeds into the
details now if you're a troll sarcasm is
exactly like having reasons there's no
difference if you can say something in a
sarcastic way you have given a reason
that's all you need I'll be giving an
example Einstein says whether e equals
mc-squared now you want to rebut this
and you want to totally own Einstein you
just want to like dunk on him here's how
you do it you say what he said but you
do it with sarcasm you say oh e equals
see squared sure-sure
equals MC squared
so you see what I've done there I've
completely owned Einstein using his own
words against him I've used his own
words against them and all I did was a
Darrell at a light level of sarcasm and
it completely changed this ridiculous
statement into a good critique now you
also want to call whoever you're talking
to an apologist so if Einstein says e
equals mc-squared you say oh there goes
the physics apologist again now it
doesn't mean anything and maybe you
disagree with physics on other on other
levels but that's not important what's
important is that you dumped on him you
dunked on Einstein you dunked him hard
it's also good to say rather than
addressing the point in this case a
equals MC squared you want to go at the
author alright it's not the point that
matters when you're trolling it's who
said it so you want to say Oh a equals
MC squared oh I didn't know the author
of that was such an asshat I am never
going to follow him again all right so
these are some of the responses that you
would give for your target but they're
also a number of rules that you should
keep in mind let's get to the rules so
the rules look like this before you
criticize it is often useful to miss
state what you're criticizing because
lots of times the troll will make the
mistake of criticizing something that
somebody actually said or something they
actually meant and that's always a
mistake you don't want to do that it's
better to miss state what they said and
then criticize your whole
fascination of what they said so in the
case of e equals mc-squared you don't
want to go right at it every time
sometimes you want to modify it and then
go after it and say O equals MC cubed on
what world Einstein on what world does e
equals MC cubed why do you keep saying
that now in most cases your target will
say are you crazy
I just said equals MC squared why are
you criticizing equals MC cubed nobody
even said that doesn't matter you owned
him you dunked on him totally owned now
another rule of trolling is that every
group is defined by its worst person so
for example if you order to criticize
Republicans you would say that they are
defined by let's say the few racists
that are in that group if you wanted to
criticize let's say leftists you would
say they're all auntie feh auntie fire
racists kind of roughly equal in this
context so never assume that the group
is a bunch of individuals which may have
something in common which has nothing
important to do with the appointee
you're trying to make it's more
important to say that the worst person
in that group is really the one who
defines it remember also the humor is
not subjective it's not subjective a lot
of people think that humor is sort of a
personal things or like music some
people like this song some people like
that song humor is not like that humor
is either funny or not funny and the way
that you can determine it's funny is if
the troll himself or herself thinks it's
funny it is objectively not funny
if the troll says it's not alright
that's the final word find a word it's
also important that context doesn't
matter when you are trolling you don't
want to look at the big picture you
don't want to look at all the costs and
all the benefits you don't want to look
at the short term and
long-term you do not want to look at
what would happen to people's incentives
or how it would change how people think
about things those things do not matter
do you know what matters one variable
now it doesn't matter what topic you're
looking at all that matters is if you've
picked one of the variables and you've
ignored all of the other thousands of
variables because if you get into all
the other variables something bad could
happen for example you might start
agreeing with the person you're trying
to mock if you considered the whole
argument you don't want to do that
that's not trolling that's not how it's
done you need to pick one variable and
say that's the only one that matters
that's trolling you should also pretend
that you as a troll does something
called understanding science so for
example when you're criticizing Einstein
for e equals MC squared you should start
by assuming that you know more about
science than Einstein don't start from
behind that's a loser's game just make
the assumption that you know more about
science than other people then you can
criticize it any way you want cuz you
know more about science you know more
science more about science and whoever
you're talking to that's for sure and
it's always good to say it with a
condescending arrogant mocking kind of
sarcastic way so a bad way to say that
you're good at science is to say well I
have a science degree and I'm a PhD and
I've been working in the field of
science for 35 years don't say anything
like that nobody cares about that
instead you want to say oh oh
Einstein doesn't know anything about
science don't give any reasons if you
give reasons it will weaken your
argument just the attitude is enough
oh you don't know everything about
science so it's all in the attitude half
pinions are the same as being smart now
1/2 opinion is different than an opinion
an opinion would consider all the
variables and short term long term it
would consider incentives as well as
cost it would consider the moral
implication it would put it all in there
that would be an opinion you don't want
to do that if you're a troll
none of these opinions are for you what
you want is a half opinion so it the
quickest way to do that is to take a
topic and only look at say the costs and
ignore the benefits or only look at the
benefits and ignore the costs so half
pinions are smart now the most important
rule of patroling is mind-reading non
trolls believe the mind-reading doesn't
exist it cannot be identified in any
kind of scientific setting and that no
human being possesses the ability to
read anybody's mind
in fact non trolls would non trolls
would say that we're usually wrong when
we try to imagine what people are
thinking they might point to as evidence
that were not good at mind-reading let's
say every relationship you've ever had
that would be considered evidence that
we're not good at knowing what other
people are thinking how about every boss
you've ever had again good evidence that
we're not really good at knowing what
other people are thinking how about
politics well that would be evidence we
don't know what other people are
thinking as well but if you're a troll
you ignore all of that you want to make
as your first and most important
assumption they you the troll you the
troll can read minds so if the president
says something like I like to cut taxes
to boost the economy
you should immediately look past the
statement look past that and peer into
the mind of the president and see earn
cutting taxes obviously racist so it's
the inner thoughts that you can see
alone because of your trolled
mind-reading skills
this should be the most important factor
in all of your analysis the other thing
you need to know as a troll is that
analogies are thinking they're like
exactly the same thing if everybody
likes thinking but the hard ways to
think and then there are easy ways to
think the easy way to think is with an
analogy and let me let me tell you how
to do this let's say for example you'd
noticed that the sky is blue and you
have a shirt that is also blue so if you
notice the sky is blue and you have a
shirt that is blue therefore logically
you can wear the sky like a shirt now if
that's not obvious to you you don't know
how to think because analogies are
exactly the same as thinking you don't
want to use any kind of detailed
cause-and-effect logic logic stuff
that's no good just go for the easy way
go for the analogy the analogy is
thinking it's all the same there's no
difference between an analogy and
actually thinking now another thing
that's good to assume when you are
patrol is that Nazis have really good
judgment now I know most of us who are
not trolls would say Nazis they would be
the very definition of somebody who has
bad judgment because first of all even
the things they think are bad but if
they're letting people know they're
Nazis that's not really good for
anything that's not good for your career
probably doesn't help you love life too
much so most people think Nazis
are not good at thinking but if you're a
troll you imagine that they have
impeccable thoughts for example you
might ask why is it that all the white
supremacists seem to be backing
President Trump now that would be a
statement in which you believe that the
white supremacist or the Nazis have good
judgment and they have applied their
good judgment to decide who to vote for
and why the rest of us think maybe we
should just ignore people like that
because they don't have anything to tell
us but if you're a troll those opinions
are pretty solid and they've got good
reasons for why they do it and it should
tell you something now this is my first
day of teaching troll college so how did
I do
did anybody learn anything in class
today I will look at your comments while
I enjoy my simultaneous oh yes I forgot
to mention something called a dog
whistle
now there's in in the troll world
there's something called a dog whistle
and it's one you can't hear if you're
not the troll so the troll can hear this
whistle and it's it's a secret like
whistle to racists that only the trolls
can hear they're pretty sure other
people can hear it but they can't so
make sure that you imagine you can hear
a whistle now the next time you're
trolled
be sure to link people to this video
that's why I'm making it so I can just
link people to it and that will help
them be better trolls
I'm saying it's okay to troll that is
correct it's okay to troll and you
should be good at it that's why I'm
trying to teach you the techniques of
trolling somebody says I like when I say
the stupidest tweet of the day so you
may have noticed on Twitter I've started
grading my trolls I used to address
whatever hallucination they were making
for their point so I used to act act as
if the thing that we're saying deserves
some kind of a response but now I just
grade them troll great D - and then I
block them so you know the the whole fun
of being a troll apparently is getting
blocked so if you get blocked you've had
a good day as a troll because you could
say yeah that Garfield guy he blocked me
and then you tell your friends and you
know you're all y'all feel good because
you got blocked so what I do is give
them a d-minus on their skill of even
being a troll because there's one thing
if you can't be a productive member of
society that'd be bad enough but if you
if you if you've completely given up on
being a productive member of society and
decided to spend your time insulting
strangers on Twitter the best the best
kind of way to deal with that is to tell
them that they're not even good at that
you're yeah I like to tell people
they're such losers that they couldn't
even troll right how hard is that
seems like trolling would be an easy
thing to do well at least it would be
easy for people went to troll College
but if you can't even troll right
alright I'm just looking at your
comments at the moment excuse me while I
take a sip of my delicious coffee feel
free to join me somebody says we have
the biggest troll in the White House
what's his grade a plus he's been
trolling quite effectively
have you noticed one of the one of the
things that I think is the funniest
thing about the way people treat
President Trump is you remember what he
was he was in the primaries and
everybody who was smart said you better
stop tweeting the way you've been
tweeting you better not tweet like that
with your sassy tweets that'll never
work and then he got nominated for the
GOP and then people said all right well
he got nominated sure it works when
you're nominated but it's never gonna
work when you're trying to actually run
for a president against the Democrat and
then he tweeted exactly the same as he
always was and he became president and
then people said ok ok it it worked when
you were in the primaries I'll give you
that but that was a special case and
sure it worked in the election but
that's a special case too
you don't want to keep tweeting after
you're president and that he kept
tweeting and the next thing you know
North Korea was blowing up its guard its
guard facilities on the DMZ and talking
about reunification the next thing you
know unemployment is the lowest has been
and however many decades and he's just
tweeting away he's tweeting like crazy
next thing you know he's got a he's got
the Supreme Court that his followers
wanted tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
tweet
so so people have asked me lately though
they'll see some specific tweet from the
president and they'll ask me okay but
now now you would admit he should stop
tweeting now you know finally you know
all those other times we thought you
should keep tweeting and it seems to
have worked for him really well
but now wouldn't you agree now he's gone
too far and I just listened to that and
I think nope no I don't think that at
all
I didn't think he went too far in the
beginning I don't think he's going too
far now
he's completely controlling the
conversation troll apologist all right
and I think I'm going to sign off now
and keep this a tight little lesson on
how to troll and I will talk to you
later