doo-doo-doo-doo pom pom pom hey
everybody
I'll let the people coming in catch up
with us we're gonna be talking about the
blight Authority some of you already
know what that is but it's a nonprofit
effort led by Bill pulled a and I'm
helping out in which we're trying to
come up with some ideas some creative
ideas for what to do with the blighted
areas that the blight Authority has
already cleared and some that will be
cleared so there will be spaces in urban
areas that will be brought down to dirt
getting rid of all the blighted areas
that essentially nobody owned anymore so
it makes the land almost free almost so
what do you do with it
what do you do with it that would help
the inner city people I'm not talking
about building shopping malls and you
know yuppie condos I'm talking about
what can you do with that land that
helps the people in this city that that
addresses the low income world and I
like to use as a standard that if you're
building homes that don't work for a
single parent you haven't gotten it
right yet right if you're building in an
urban area if you don't have a way for a
single parent to afford to live there
and to thrive you haven't quite designed
it right so I'm going to talk about some
ideas and then I'm going to do a little
tour of my house now I know what you're
thinking you're thinking wait a minute a
rich guys house will teach us nothing
about how to build for low-income people
that's mostly true that's about 80
percent true but I'm going to use my
house as partly a reason to get people
to watch this so it's just really to
attract eyeballs but also there are a
number of things that will remind you of
a concept when you see my house there
would be useful for any kind of a house
so we'll we'll get to that after I talk
about a few ideas that are already
coming through for the blight Authority
and I've added some of my own idea
just to sort of pull it together in a
package all right so here's the idea
you've got a big patch of blank space in
an urban area in fact there are lots of
these and there will be more of them as
the blight that already exists is torn
down in the future and a number of these
already exists thanks to Bill Ponte is
good work
with the blade Authority aid nonprofit
that works with cities this is important
they work with the mayors with the with
the community they really get the
community involved to know what to do
and and you know get them excited about
what's happening Bo but the next phase
after your tear stuff down is what do
you deal with it and if you can't figure
out what to do with it that's productive
well then you've only taken it half way
it's a good half but let's see if we can
get the other half so imagine if you
will this this block of land that's in
an inner city and you're trying to think
what to do with it here are some ideas
for those of you new to watching my
periscope any idea you see me present
you should assume it's the bad version
of the idea in other words I'm just
trying to stimulate your thought so
don't get too hung up on these ideas I'm
gonna comment first on the person who
said no socialism keep in mind first of
all that these are these are very small
parts of the entire country and nobody
has to live there we're not talking
about making the entire city this way
we're talking about experiments small
experiments
some of them might look something like
this some of them might have no
socialism some might have some
experiments of sharing things like tools
or sharing rides something like that but
I'm not going to call that socialism I
think that's a great disservice to try
to label things away sometimes sharing
works sometimes it doesn't
maybe we can experiment find out where
does where it doesn't all right so that
said here are some ideas just a
stimulate thought the number one thing
that I hear about
improving urban areas is that you have
to take care of security first if you
don't do that it doesn't matter what you
build because nobody wants to live there
nobody wants a business there nobody
wants to shop there nobody wants to
raise children there so security has got
to be your absolute base requirement now
you also don't want a police state so
how do you get to a gentle security
where nobody is getting beaten up you
know there's there's nothing abusive
going on you haven't given up too much
privacy but you still got a safe space
I'll give you some ideas again not the
greatest ideas in the world necessarily
but they'll get you thinking imagine if
you will that you put a ring of homes
around the perimeter and the houses act
as part of the let's say gated community
normally you see a gated community for a
wealthy neighborhood but wealthy
neighborhoods don't have that much crime
it'd be a lot more useful to put a
little gate around a an area that's in
an inner city now of course you'd have
actual gates so that they're you know
emergency exits and services can come
through but you'd have some security at
the gates now imagine if you will that
there's external cameras on both sides
of the homes on all of the public areas
plus the homeowner has an option that
comes with the house this is important
the video security comes with the house
you don't have an option of not getting
it it's just a cheap camera goes to the
internet you can look at it on your
phone now I just saw a commercial for
ring ring calm I'm not doing a
commercial for them that I have no
interest in their company but they they
just showed a upgrade that allows you to
alert your neighbors on your phone if
something fishy is you see in your
camera so if you see somebody suspicious
at your front door you've got an option
to alert the neighbors and they get
ping-ping-ping and then everybody can
look through their own cameras can look
out the window
can alert the police whatever they need
to do that would be amazing
I mean I think that would really make a
difference here's another idea
again just ideas imagine if you said
we're going to build this community and
then we're going to reserve some of the
unit's they have a good view of things
for people who are either current police
police workers or ex police people who
are trained to identify problems and to
know what to do if they come up now if
this police officer moves it's still a
designated it might be a first responder
or or police but somebody who's trained
so you make sure that you've got a few
of them in key areas because if they're
if their app goes off they know what to
do all right you want somebody who's got
a legal right to own a weapon and knows
when to use it and when not in your
community very helpful I've got a
neighbor who was in the police force
down the road and I gotta tell you I
felt a lot safer knowing him personally
and knowing that he was in the
neighborhood makes a big difference then
next thing you want to do if you got
your security right is you want to get
your transportation right you could have
a lot of stuff here that doesn't require
you to leave home so if you have an
app-based community things you need you
can order on your apps if you need an
uber you can order it on your app maybe
you don't even have private cars you
might you know one of the experiments
might be let's build a community where
nobody has a car but you still need to
get places so let's say there's a bus
that takes you to mass transit on a
regular basis and let's say that you can
see where the bus is on your app so you
don't even have to go outside until the
bus is you know approaching but better
yet let's say the bus driver has the app
- and the bus driver can see all the
people who are converging on the bus so
you pull up in your bus
people get on normally you wouldn't know
if there's somebody around the corner
who's almost there and you pull off but
if you're looking at your app you're
like oh there's Bob Bob's right around
the corner I'll wait for 10 more
there's Bob so suddenly just adding an
app to a shuttle to mass transit makes
it a whole friendlier situation much the
way uber did you could add a shared
garage possibly so that maybe some
people had private cars or maybe there
were your own private rental Buber type
situation just for the neighbors you can
see if that worked that would be another
experiment and maybe there were some
shared tools as well so you don't need a
garage if you can go you can go borrow a
tool you know everybody knows who has it
you borrow it on your app you make sure
that it's there before you go borrow it
oh yeah I need one of those okay
so you could have a shared tool thing
people do that already I don't know if
it works well or not
then imagine again for those just
joining these are not the best ideas in
the world I'm just trying to stimulate
thought so imagine if each of these
residents had built into it a storefront
or office on the street side with a
separate entrance and a separate
bathroom right if you are living here
and you owned both the residents and the
storefront and when I say storefront I
don't mean a big-box I'm talking about
one room size of a small one-person
office with the bathroom for a guests
and for yourself and if you had a
business to go into there well you've
already got your job so your job in your
home become the same place and if we've
done a good job in construction and
brought the cost way down and the cost
of the land was almost free well you
could run a little shop here now suppose
you don't want to run the shop you don't
have a home business you don't want
anything to do with the business but you
like living here you could rent it out
so if you could rent the front of the
shop to somebody from the outside they
can't get in your house they're just
running their little business there
suddenly you're a landlord so you've
gone from a person who can't afford a
house to a person who's a landlord and
one move you already have a job now that
wouldn't be enough necessarily to pay
for your home you might need to do more
but if you were a person who had a good
job outside of the community you could
take your bus there somebody's working
in your home you've got two incomes
something all right now I'm imagining oh
and I'm also imagining some kind of a
way that if people have pets they don't
need to be home all day to to walk them
maybe there's a little area that your
dog has a dog door and they can do their
business in a place that isn't too you
know isn't too bad for other people to
look at easy to clean up artificial lawn
is the best I'll show you mine in a
little bit
now there are a number of ideas that
we're receiving on blight Authority calm
which is where there's a forum where you
can suggest things that you could do in
places like this and we're hoping that
we can stimulate some more ideas but
people said things like well just go
through the list suppose you had a
central food source just for the
residents and it could be simply like a
togo's it could be just sandwiches and
salads keep it simple that doesn't mean
you can't just buy your own food
anywhere you want you can still do
anything you want but if your kid gets
home before you do and they need a
sandwich wouldn't it be great if your
twelve-year-old could look at the app
and if approved by the parent they can
say yeah it's after school and I want a
ham sandwich and they just hit it
maybe the ham sandwiches dropped in a
drop box at your house imagine building
these homes so that they're optimized
for drones maybe there's a place on the
roof for a drone to land
maybe there's a hot box for a hot meal
if somebody's dropping off that once
it's dropping off nobody can get into it
maybe there's a cold box for your milk
so those are some ideas so you might
have a simple place now the beauty this
is also a number of these things I'm
going to talk about would provide first
jobs in some cases a second you know
real jobs but at least teenager or first
jobs
for a lot of people without leaving the
community so if you've got an app to
find a babysitter or an app to find a
pet walker and you know an app to find
somebody who does various services you
could you could have a lot of jobs that
exist just within here now I'm guessing
that the size of this might be more like
a hundred homes but there's probably
some optimal size a size where you could
sport a let's say a school of some sort
a gym some shared business services and
and such you wouldn't want it so big
that nobody knows their neighbors and
you don't want it so small that you
don't get the advantages of scale let me
tell you why scale is important
depending where you put this you might
have a lot of a lot of expenses for
heating or cooling if you start with
blank land which is what the the blight
has been torn down to you can trench it
more easily for lots of houses and then
you can put in geothermal heating now
geothermal takes advantage of the fact
that the earth is about a constant 56
degrees once you go down I think 10 feet
whatever it is so you run pipes under
the ground and those pipes I think with
water in them picks up the temperature
of the earth and then brings that up
above so if you're trying to heat your
house from what it would be which is
zero in the winter to what you want it
to be that's maybe 68 the first 56
degrees are free because you're just
using the heat from the earth and
likewise if you're trying to cool it
from 100 down to 75 the 56 degrees that
you're taking from the earth is going to
help a lot but it's far more economical
if you do it in the first place
it's not as economical if you're doing
it for one house right so you want it
this big enough to get the economies and
and not too big that you have other
problems
I say school but I don't think we have
the right ideas about school I don't
love the
idea of school the way it exists so I'm
not necessarily thinking of a public
school maybe it's a place you got to do
homework and maybe that's all maybe it's
a place that's a home schooling maybe
it's a maybe it's an experiment in video
schooling maybe there's a remote school
so there's a lot of creativity that
could be tried out here for training but
at the very least you want somebody is a
place that's quiet that people can go to
kids to study and have some help maybe
with a tutor you want some training
facilities imagine that you start this
community by training people to build it
if you've if you've seen a video it's on
the blight Authority right now of these
insulated concrete forms ICF's insulated
concrete forms there's big blocks that
one human can pick up without too much
trouble and they they fit together like
Legos and you can see videos of people
building an entire house in one day once
you have the foundation so once you have
the foundation is just boop boop boop
so imagine some different ways that
people could build their homes in a
modular fashion suppose instead of
painting the interior of the house you
could take you know modular little
blocks and just stick them onto the wall
and if you want to change them out you
just take out the blocks you have reuse
them resell them to somebody else likes
that color put up some new blocks make
it interesting your house doesn't if you
have to be one color it could be
different blocks whatever you want so
imagine all those possibilities somebody
suggested shared business services for
all of the home businesses in the area
or anybody who wants to start a business
anywhere that's a great idea especially
if there are mentors that can help you
find funding it turns out there's tons
of government funding if you know how to
get it but it's not easy you'd have to
know how to get it and you'd have to
know which of the many government
programs fits you you
have to know how to fill out the forms
it's hard so suppose this community
comes with its own business experts they
could be on site it could be an
association of people just sharing ideas
we're in business
you could have external people you can
have apps that connect you to experts
some people suggested food farms and
indoor farms basically so might be
depending on the climate indoor outdoor
indoor farming is probably not as
economical as it needs to be for an
inner city situation but it's getting
close and there may be some companies I
listed a few at light Authority calm in
the forums some that look like they're
getting close so you can see those names
in there I've invested in one of them
they have some experimental wall farms
but they don't grow every kind of
vegetable so you'd probably need some
Milt's now one of the big issues in the
inner city is something called food
equality if you haven't heard that term
refers to the fact that if you're eating
the wrong kind of food your energy is
low you're literally not as smart you
might even have behavior problems or all
kinds of problems health problems of
course from eating the wrong kind of
food but if you had some kind of
centralized food source even though it's
optional you don't have to eat there you
would at the very least have something
that the parents could say look kids
you're eating here you know food
equality is over you know I mean we have
food equality you just have to eat the
centralized stuff less variety but
you're mostly going to have an option
for that there are probably other ways
to get there as well you want some kind
of shared gym or exercise area and maybe
a dog park the reason I throw them in is
that you want to also you want to manage
this area for natural connections
there's nothing cooler than a dog park
where you take your dog to run around
down doors with other dogs to get you to
meet your neighbors because you always
have something to talk about it's like
hey is that your dog I love that
and a dog how old is your dog so I've
bent about dog parks and they're great
for socializing same with the gym so you
want a place that people can go maybe
somebody suggested basketball courts
that you could rent on your app so maybe
you just reserve it I don't know if
renting is right but suppose you had an
app where you could find nine other
people to play basketball and then the
nine if you could schedule a time and
then you've got an hour so that would
optimize your court people would not be
monopolizing it and everybody would
would get something a imagine that you
organized to make bulk purchases of the
things that everybody uses so it could
be things like milk and paper products
so since you don't want to drive
wherever you got a drive to Costco and
have a Costco membership maybe the
community is big enough that they can do
some bulk purchases now that bulk
purchasing might include wireless access
it might include cable it might include
insurance you can imagine a lot of
things that a hundred families could
negotiate for and get get better prices
imagine if you will and I'll just take
you through this thinking I'm not saying
this is the idea again these are just a
stimulating thought
imagine if you started with dirt and the
very first thing you built right in the
middle was a training facility to train
people how to build how to be builders
specifically for this community so you
train them and then you have them built
now let's say the next thing you do is
have Elon Musk's company called the
boring company Bo are ing it bores holes
in the grounds have them bore holes for
the for the geothermal that produces a
lot of dirt that you got to do something
with Elon Musk has said they've already
figured out how to turn that dirt into
bricks on site
so now you've got bricks you've got
geothermal you've got a training
facility that you're creating jobs and
they're and they're building the homes
so they feel some feel some connection
to it so the idea here is that your
community should help you with your jobs
your social life your livability your
transportation your food and if you
haven't designed all that into your
community it's just it's just homes all
right and plopping an existing style
home into the middle of the inner city
and not doing anything else with the
community you were security or anything
else not making it affordable it doesn't
get anywhere you've got to be able to
make sure that they can sustain
themselves in every possible way from
health to security to jobs to
transportation all right I'm gonna take
you on a little tour of my house
oh and here's another thing if you get
the right kind of mix of people so that
the kids have other kids to play with
the adults have people who have
something in common
you you improve the social life
immensely just by having people your
same age in your same situation all
right would you like to see my home I
know you would that's why you're here
I'm gonna turn the camera around and
then I'm gonna take you around my house
now keep in mind here's here's the idea
I'm not suggesting that the things you
see in my home would make sense in an
inner city my house was not built for
that but it will stimulate some ideas
and let's look at that
all right let's start with this lamp
this lamp seems kinda random and not
important but it is because with the
addition of that little bit of accent
light which you can't see too clearly
here it completely opens up this part of
the room the point of that is that if
you spend just a little bit on lighting
it completely changes how people
perceive the livability and it costs
almost nothing to put in a little bit
extra of accent light next point is the
view I did not optimize my house for the
view so you have to kind of get up to
the windows to look out now in this in a
community you wouldn't have this kind of
view of course but you could easily
organize it so that you're always
looking at something interesting whether
you're looking at your window at the
let's say the park or you know you're
looking at interesting architecture
across the way people's lives completely
change if you get that right here's my
workspace this is where I do all of my
periscopes from typically I'm in that
chair and the iPad I hold it in my hand
would be right in front of that chair
here's where I do all my work this is a
Wacom Cintiq it's a computer screen that
is a drawing pad at the same time so I
draw directly on the computer monitor
and here's a Dilbert that you won't see
for a month or two in the papers one of
the things I do is that I hate desks
that face the wall because you feel
claustrophobic so I put my desk area so
that it's facing out to the room and the
view alright I'm gonna take you down the
hall oh here's a big old TV and I'm
going to make a point about how that
might not be it might not be useful to
have any kind of TV screen in modern
homes here are some books I'm reading
you don't care about that
[Music]
there's some Dilbert awards I've wand
and some Dilbert dolls alright I'm not
gonna show you the bedrooms they're not
very interesting but look down here
here's a piano you would not have these
in inner-city homes but I can't imagine
that you would have some homes that are
optimized for different life styles you
might have a homeless guy they a
soundproof room for people who are
musicians that might actually be your
job maybe you're a professional musician
they need a room to practice or two to
do gigs on so I've got a little
backlighting there just to show you how
a little bit of light completely changes
what you got going on all right take you
this way here's here's a room that's
sort of a playroom again this doesn't
apply directly to anything in the
blighted areas here's a drum set and a
little portable piano christina uses the
piano and i'm trying to learn the drums
now here's what's interesting
notice that I've set the drums up across
from the TV I actually take drum drum
lessons online with a live person and I
was doing this as sort of a test to see
how useful it is to try to take a class
where the video screen instead of a you
know live person it's a live person he's
just happens to be on video and he you
know I just just send my phone he just
calls in on FaceTime I send my phone
over to the screen and I'm talking to
him live he shows me how to play and you
know it works pretty well so that might
be a model of Education in the future
that you just need her you know quiet
room you take you into this room and
some of you already know I'm obsessed
with laundry rooms
and it's because laundry rooms are
rarely set up to be optimized there are
a million things you need to do for
example notice that I've got a little
garbage on there and then some fabric
softeners above the dryer you always
have to throw away the little lint and
various things when you're doing laundry
and if you don't have a garbage right
there it's ineffective so this is poor
design on my part because I didn't put a
place to easily put a garbage pail but I
need it all the time you have to have
the doors lined up so that one doesn't
interfere with the other you need lots
of space and here's something that I
like this is a movable cart that I use
for taking my laundry where I need it
picking up the laundry you don't want it
cetera somebody just asked me do I have
somebody doing my laundry
I do not here's my cat box I built a
separate room just for the cats bathroom
and I put in it of course a floor that's
easy to clean maybe all your cast supply
is here and then little area that the
cat can go up and look at the window if
she wants but my life is so much better
because my cat box is raised I never
have to bend down cat just jumps up here
and jumps in there and I made it super
big so that I don't have to clean it as
often and then all my supplies are here
and I just bag it and throw it in there
temporarily all right so that's the cat
room come with me downstairs I'll show
you a few other things
[Music]
all right here's whoops something just
happened on my screen that I can't get
rid of okay there we go so here's my
main living room there is nothing to
learn on this four blighted people
except this one design element you see
that behind the couch there's a long
table with some stools this is a really
good design putting a table behind a
couch because it discourages people from
eating on the couch because it's just as
easy to sit on this little table if
you're trying to watch TV but I'm not
sure a modern the house needs a
television now let's look at the floors
my floors are porcelain porcelain is
probably too expensive for inner-city
homes but there there might be something
that's see the best design for a floor
that has the qualities this is which is
you can't stay in it you can't break it
it's almost embraceable unsustainable
you can just you know wash anything with
a rag and if you had a Roomba one of
those little vacuum vacuums that is
like a robot you can have your place
clean with minimal effort if you build
your house with a vacuum robot assumed
as part of the design you could just
have a place for it to be out of the way
until it does its thing this is the what
I call the the crap island so the the
door over there is the entrance from the
garage that's where were you that's
where I'm usually entering and when I
enter the house I almost always have
stuff I need to put down so I built this
as the place you put stuff down now
unfortunately it gets messy pretty
easily and especially when you've got
electronics and you're plugging stuff in
this is kind of a mess that's the mess
but I probably would have built this to
have drawers for this stuff or maybe
some kind of a
they own cover so that you've got stuff
plugged in but you don't have to look at
it unless you want to so this could have
been designed better I'm going to show
you my kitchen again very little of this
will be applicable to the inner city but
it might give you some ideas notice that
there's an eating area that's really
just part of the kitchen it's just built
in this is a really good design for a
family you would want this bigger at
least seating four or five but it's an
excellent design to have the island
there what I find is that in the modern
world people rarely want to use the
dining table so I didn't want to have a
separate room for a dining table so I
just floated it out in the main part of
a central thoroughfare and it'll
probably just get rid of this because
I've literally I don't think in five
years I've had a meal at that table so I
might just get rid of it all right so I
would say in a low-cost home a dining
room would be unnecessary
and here I've got a few microwaves and
microwaves are problematic some say
because they don't they destroy the
nutrients but I'm not I don't know the
science there here's a warming drawer
we've got the all kinds of burners here
and a griddle in the middle so this
middle thing heats up so it's like a
griddle very handy I've got a couple of
dishwashers you need that in the big
house now here's a feature called a
appliance garage
when you open it up here your appliances
the messy stuff has carbs and just
doesn't look good on the counters you
can shove it all in there and it stays
plugged in and want to use them you just
drag them out and they're already
plugged in it's a very good feature now
I'm a big fan of not putting the the
oven and the cooktop facing the wall
it's much better if you're facing out if
if there's a television in the mix
that's even better here's the back
kitchen oh and here's something this
little closet right here is a little
broom closet these two little doors and
I once lived in a house that no broom
closet near the kitchen I had to go
three stories to get a broom it was the
worst design ever you should of course
make sure that you've got a place for
your animals if you have pet food here I
built a little cart that I use to clean
up the house if let's say there's if
you've entertained you need to go pick
up a lot of dishes etc I've got pullout
drawers for recycling and garbage very
handy and there they look good when they
when they're closed all right let me
take you down this way so I'm skipping
the bedrooms there's nothing interesting
in there so here was my biggest mistake
when I built it's a home theater and
seats 10 if I were to build a house
today I doubt I would include this and
here's the reason in today's modern home
and the way people live almost nobody
ever wants to watch the same show at the
same time we all just use our phones and
our headphones and it's just better so
the home theater you don't need and I
would question in a low-income house if
you even need a television
of any kind if you have smartphones so
that would be a question I have down
here sorry this is a little blurry I've
got a central wiring closet here so
you've got all kinds of stuff here it's
good home designed to do a sort of a
home run situation where all your wiring
goes to a central place now here's the
interesting thing when you've got all
this equipment in here
this closet gets warm so I actually have
to cool it but I always thought it would
be better to see if you can recycle the
heat from your electronics and make it
part of the house and heating this was a
pool table that nobody plays on except
the cat that's a cat toy in the pool
table that's all I use it work
and here's an example of how important
it is to have the outdoors coming in so
the city here is the little sunspot that
I sometimes sit - right here's a little
home gym I have that I use when I'm not
going to the gym I prefer going to the
gym just to get out of the house but
sometimes I don't have time so I might
use this one here's a here's my backyard
there's nothing to learn here except
that if you don't get enough vitamin D
from the Sun you have all kinds of
problems attitude problems and energy
and health and whatever so you should
design a home so that people are
encouraged to go outside for something
just to be outside to get that vitamin D
so it's not going to look like this in
the inner-city but there should be
someplace that's sort of right outside
that could encourage you to go get some
Sun
[Music]
all right Snickers wants to go out
here's a sauna you won't see that in the
inner city and then this room is the
most surprising room well I'll just show
it to you so most inner cities homes
don't have an indoor tennis court this
is the reason I built my house tennis
was my passion for most of my life
and so I built this here I no longer
play tennis because I don't like the
repetitive motion it's not good for me
but you can imagine something along
these lines not a tennis court but some
kind of an indoor facility that people
can rent and run around when the weather
is bad all right that's enough of that
and then here we've got a dog door that
goes to an outdoor area that's a
smallish area that just has artificial
grass so I don't have to let the dog out
she can just go out there and do her
thing it was real easy to clean up
awfully artificial grass it's much
easier to clean up the dog stuff from
the artificial grass then it is from
real grass all right
[Music]
for a second alright I'm gonna wrap up
and was this useful
did anybody learn anything from this no
I'm not in the gated community I I
resist gated communities I don't I don't
love them why an indoor tennis court
when you live in California I have the
kind of skin that just begs for skin
cancer and even though California is a
wonderful climate most of the time it's
too hot or too cold or too dark good all
right we're getting good putt comments
on this so make sure you check out
blight Authority calm if you know
anybody who designs communities I would
love to have their input and we will
talk to you later but for now I hope you
enjoyed that and I hope that was useful
now let's see if we can do something
good for the inner cities that would be
an amazing an amazing outcome if we
could get there and I'll talk to you
later