well hello everybody
come on him come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams best part of the
day every single time
is anybody addicted yet whoo ha ha ha
well then my plan is working isn't it
and if you haven't tried the
simultaneous hip let's say you've been
resisting you're thinking to yourself
I'm not gonna take a sip of my beverage
at the same time he does I'm not gonna
fall for that persuasion well you're
only hurting yourself because it's the
best part of the day and all you need is
a cup or a mug or a glass of tanker
chelators Tyne a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine ahead of the day can you feel
it you could start to feel a build feel
it feel it and now the simultaneous sip
go just as advertised
god I feel sorry for the people who
didn't take a sip but maybe next time
you want to get the dopamine going
that's how you do it by the way that is
a hypnosis trick it's a benign one
meaning I'm telling you what the trick
is and it's good for you which is that
if you can pair an activity with
something that feels good and you keep
pairing that activity with something
that feels good
eventually you'll be able to just do the
activity and it'll make you feel good
it's a little trick that you can use at
home well the enemy of the people
continues to surprise because you think
you've seen everything evil you know
you've lived for a while and you say to
yourself
probably seeing everything that's evil
you know some form of it but now the
enemy of the people sometimes some call
them CNN writes an article in which they
talk about was it Brazil I think it's
gonna go harder for hydroxychloroquine I
think it was Brazil but it doesn't
matter for this this point and here's
how CNN calls prescribing
hydroxychloroquine now if you were going
to talk about a medical situation in
which actual medical doctors people were
highly trained in the medical profession
but they're in another country and
they've decided they've looked at all
the data and they've decided that
off-label use of hydroxychloroquine
which is very common the off-label part
not the specific off-label part but
they'll use a very common thing using
their total medical training and and
their common sense and their risk
management completely normal medical
procedure I would call that a case of
those doctors wanting to prescribe
hydroxychloroquine under certain
situations wouldn't the right word be
prescribed this is CNN's headline that
that they're pushing it pushing
they literally replaced the obvious word
prescribing because it's doctors it's
not one crazy quack doctor it's an
entire nation a first world nation of
highly trained medical doctors who want
to prescribe it because they've looked
at all the data they looked at the
debunk to data that CNN in this very
article neglected to mention that the
the argument on the other on the other
side is all debunked all of it it's
completely debunked so the fact that CNN
is acting like
dear doctor and colleague you know other
doctors for a quackery you know if you
see them calling it one doctor for
quackery
wouldn't you say yeah the question of
whether the zinc as part of that was a
little unclear in the article as well
but anyway you get my point
it just seems pure evil when you have a
news of sort of a news organization
making medical judgments about an entire
country full of medical professions it's
one thing to call a doctor a quack you
know when you see that you think well
probably you know they looked into it
it's probably a doctor who might be a
quack but not the whole country the
whole country full of highly trained
doctors yeah they're pushing it of a
bunch of pushers they're just drug
peddlers in that other country feels a
little racist is all I'm saying so
amazingly and I don't know how you can
explain this I haven't been canceled yet
what's going on why have I not been
canceled I mean I'm genuinely curious I
think I know what's happening I mean I
could speculate but I'll remind you what
I tweeted yesterday and I thought well
this will this will get it done so let
me just tell you when I tweeted to see
how close I could get to that line of
being cancelled now that now for context
the point is not to just get cancelled
to see if I can do it right I mean I'm
not trying to get cancelled for some you
know weird brand reason because I don't
think it would work out well for me but
I'm also not afraid of it now the
problem is that unless you walk right up
to the line of getting cancelled of
going too far
you're also not useful you can't be
useful so far away from the line of
cancellation that you're not saying
anything use
you know true you know the the closer
you get to canceled is the closer you
get to making a difference and the
closer you get to actually getting
people to engage and say all right
that's what you're saying is pretty
rugged and I hate you but let's deal
with that you know some difficult
opinions and in some cases some
difficult truths to the to the degree
that we can figure out what is true so
here's what I tweeted and as not yet
cancelled me yet number one no one can
point to an example of systemic racism
except against whites and
asian-americans like in education for
example upper level college upper level
education number two resisting rest is
the only thing that can get you killed
by cops I mean that alone should have
got me canceled and then and this is the
funniest one reparations would be
negative if you calculated them
correctly every one of those should have
got be canceled but I think you're
putting three of them together made me
less cancelable in a weird and a weird
way because I think these are three
points that nobody really wants to have
a conversation about if you know what I
mean and anybody who's watched me for
even a little bit a little bit of a
length of time probably doesn't want to
get into a public conversation with me
on these three points am I wrong
do you think there's anybody who
actually has watched me you know I'm not
talking about somebody who's never heard
of me but somebody who's actually
watched me for a little while do you
think they want to give in the
conversation in public about these three
points I don't think so I think that's
the only thing that's keeping me from
being cancelled because the act of
canceling me would raise my profile I
don't think that's a good play right so
I think I'm vaguely ignored which is
hilarious so what do you do when you're
being ignored while you ramp it up a
little bit don't you you're just gonna
ramp it up a little bit so those three
statements gotta be close
to cancellation but apparently I didn't
make it all the way there now I don't
know if there's some kind of as you know
as paradox coming happen in here where
you know I could always I can always be
halfway closer but I could never reach
cancellation we're gonna find out
because let me read my thread from this
morning I
I posted my thread at just about the
same time Mickey I went live so most of
you haven't seen it but let me read it
to you in the order in the order that I
did to thread now it's a long thread and
normally I wouldn't you know I wouldn't
want to just read stuff to you on video
but I think it's worth it so I started
it out this way I said today is the last
day of my seven day challenge to provide
a current example of systemic racism in
America no examples yet just conceptual
takes
now when I say conceptual takes I mean
the people are describing a situation in
which it could happen or is happening
but describing it is not exactly what I
asked for
what I asked for is an example meaning
here's Bob Bob was discriminated against
here's my evidence and he was
discriminated against because the system
is racist so I'm looking for that clean
example here's Bob here's what happened
here's how the system screwed Bob and
they would not have screwed him had he
been white but let me continue I know
you're thinking ahead and you're
thinking to the you know you're thinking
two things I'm probably gonna get two
all right so I started out by saying
that nobody has met the challenge yet
but here's the here's who came closest
and so I continue in my thread one view
is the racist people in a non racist
system creates a systemic racism
for example the justice system is
colorblind by intention you know that's
the way it's designed is supposed to be
but not by outcomes and I think we'd all
agree that if you look at the outcome
you know there's a there's a big racial
despair
they'll come but studies can't isolate
that variable to find out you know I
said the reason for different outcomes
is assumed to be racism but studies
can't isolate that variable you can't
isolate that variable because the
assumption is it's not active racists
being actively racist it's rather a
whole bunch of people who probably don't
know they're racist this is the
assumption but they're acting that way
any way through unconscious bias do you
think that that can be isolated
incredibly determined by studies that
somebody has an unconscious bias by
looking I think maybe you could do it in
a controlled clinical setting but I
don't think there's any chance that you
couldn't do it in the wild you can't
isolate millions of people's unconscious
bias in the wild when you have so many
other variables let me let me just
mention the most obvious one do you
think that everybody who goes through
there has the same extenuating
circumstances the same demeanor the same
approach to it the same quality of same
quality of lawyers probably not I mean
there are lots of things that are gonna
be different on top of whatever
intentional or whatever subconscious
bias there is and of course we know
there's subconscious bias in all people
alright so and then I continue so here
I'm you're moving that the outcomes
would look would look racial and here we
have a new problem
if quote look at the data is an argument
for anything why are we having mass
protests about police killing black
citizens at a higher rate than other
groups
when the data says otherwise I continue
if you think the data says police are
killing black citizens and a higher rate
than other groups it is because you're
not good at analyzing things
which puts you in good company with 95%
of the public now I think that's fair
if you know in the same way that 95% of
us would not be good at analyzing a
legal situation because we're not
lawyers right we're not lawyers 95% of
us would not be especially good at
diagnosing a complicated medical
situation because we're not doctors
we're not doctors
so of course 95% of us are not good at
it
another thing that 95% of us are not
good with that is looking at data and
and figuring out what it really means
and not being misled if you're not
trained at doing that like a doctor is
or a lawyer is for their professions you
might think you can do it but 95% of the
public can't and yet we're making all of
our decisions based on data one
ninety-five percent of the public can't
do that they can't they can't use data
they don't know how just like you're not
a lawyer you're not a doctor they
haven't been trained it's not a
reasonable expectation that the public
would understand data unless it's the
simplest simplest thing and this isn't
theirs no they're actually levels of
complexity so then I said maybe 5% of
the public knows the numbers you see in
the media are intentionally all in caps
of misleading for example if you think
it means something that a higher
percentage of the black population is
killed by police you were in the 95
percent who were being duped by data
that is misleading don't trust me about
the data I continue in my threat good
call you shouldn't you should anybody
trust me about my interpretation of any
data any data no no you shouldn't trust
me why would you trust me now I am very
experienced I did it for a living you
know I was a I was a financial analyst
you know I've got an economic
degree of MBA I'm better than most
people at analyzing data but I wouldn't
call myself an expert I would say I'm in
the probably in the top 5% but not an
expert but here's why you shouldn't
trust me because we live in a world
where nobody is credible about anything
really you know every one of your front
your major institution in this country
from medical to government to financial
they've all lied to you if they've all
lied to you recently there's no such
thing as credibility anymore you need to
you need to kind of find a way to you
know suss out what is true and what
isn't on your own because you can't
trust anybody else so I wouldn't I
wouldn't ask somebody on the left
- trust me about any data so I said this
don't trust me about the data good call
you shouldn't trust the left-leaning
people who are experts at analyzing data
and statistics that's fair right trust
the people on your own team who are
experts at this don't try to be an
expert at something you're not an expert
at trust your own experts because
they'll sort it out for you
and then I said they are all hiding
meaning the experts on the left here the
dog not barking where's that dog we're
having this big national conversation
about what the data shows do you
remember seeing all the data experts on
the Left explaining all the data on
television or in newspaper articles well
you might have seen them in the context
where they get to speak without being
challenged you might have seen a
left-leaning person give a two-minute
interview to a left-leaning data expert
but is that useful no that's just the
left talking to itself so I said no
professional data or statistics expert
on left or helping us sort out the data
why why why is it that the most useful
and obvious people to be in the
conversation
are completely missing I can find idiots
lots of idiots I can find people who
claim to understand data but don't
they're not experts don't claim to be
experts I can find every kind of person
in the world in those protests I can
find every kind of person in the world
talking on TV giving their opinions
blogging making videos but you know who
I don't see a data and statistics expert
on the left talking about the stuff that
the riots and the protests are about
where are they and if they only talk to
other people on the left you still
wouldn't have something so what I said
why don't you see them I follow up in
the thread and say you know why
they would be canceled by their own team
if they told the truth don't believe me
again
good call we live in a world where no
one is credible so let me offer a test
of my claim don't trust me test it for
yourself here's the test find me the
most credible and left-leaning data /
Statistics expert and put that expert in
a long-form interview long-form as
important so you need to have enough
back and forth to exhaust the topic with
a well-informed right-leaning
interviewer on the topic of police
violence let's say ben shapiro just to
put a name to it so let's say ben
shapiro in a long-form interview which
he does well better than just about
anybody and and put their best expert on
and have him just talk it out so we can
learn something alright and then i say
this will not happen and you know it
won't ask yourself why why won't the
most obvious thing happen what's the
most obvious thing somebody on the right
who is skeptical of you know the data
who is well informed having a long-form
interview with somebody on the left who
actually is the next
and would speak to the data you'll never
see it why why will you never see the
one thing that's the only useful thing
you can't even if you told me both Scott
there are other useful things no there
aren't no there aren't you don't want to
see the left talking to the left what do
you learn from that you don't want to
say the right talking to the right what
are you gonna learn from that and you
also don't want to see the right talking
to the left in a two minute TV interview
where they just both spew some talking
points and time's up
what good is that there's literally one
and only one way to get to any better
level of understanding both left and
right you got to put your you got to put
your champions on the field at the same
time I choose Ben Shapiro as my you
would be my first recruit as somebody
who would have enough broad
understanding of the situation and the
data to have an intelligent long form
interview never gonna see it alright and
then I continue you know that executive
order Trump just signed that creates a
national database of police misconduct
half the country is in for a big
surprise
if the data is deemed credible of course
that's a big if people will doubt the
data if it disagrees to be fair that
surprise could go either way we don't
know which way it'll go all right if
you're being honest and we should be
because we're at that point where you
know maybe we just need to be honest for
a change if we're being honest maybe
when we collect the data and do a better
job of it the people on the right are
gonna be shocked as in holy cow I didn't
realize things were that bad how can we
help because if there's one thing that I
say over and over again that nobody
believes on the left I don't think it I
don't think if you're black you can
believe this it just seems unbelievable
there's nothing that white people like
better than helping nothing we like it
better than food we like it better than
guns and we like guns
right a lot of people in the right love
guns
now I associate left to Bernie and all
social things but in terms of you know
talking about it I like to associate
with the right just because I like them
better people on the right are nicer to
me
nobody in the right has ever cancelled
me or even tried so I just am more
comfortable with people who are good
people who are willing to you know
accept me for who I am as low as idle
idea which i think is a fair deal so if
somebody is going to be really surprised
when this database of police misconduct
gets up and populated to the point where
if it ever gets into that world we could
trust it and I don't know which way the
surprise is going to go but don't we
need to know that now what's funny about
this is I think Trump is calling
people's Bluff by calling for a national
database of police misconduct how do you
read that the only way to read that is
he doesn't think the data that we have
is telling the truth right you wouldn't
ask for better data if you thought you
had good data that just stands to reason
he is challenging the data and I think
that's fair because if there's any
disagreement on the data well that just
makes things worse so that's of course
the smartest best thing that could be
done which will be called by his critics
not enough not enough I continue in my
thread and I say cancel culture has
forced white people to lie to black
peoples for self-preservation no
solutions are possible when debate is
effectively outlawed I mean not actually
in the law but effectively in a lot and
the data experts are in hiding how do
you solve a problem when you can't talk
honestly because you'd be cancelled and
you can't even ask your experts to weigh
in how in the world how in the world all
right so I get more provocative as we go
here I say we are now experiencing mass
protests over an issue the data can't
find in a context
have continuous race relations
improvement really every year has been
better and everyone started down on the
same side after seeing the George Floyd
video and more white people than black
people protested you can't get much more
agreement than that
so how did we get my tweet continues how
did we get to this absurd point in which
the country is being ripped apart by
agreement
we're being ripped apart by agreement I
mean the things we disagree on are
trivial and we're all willing to like
look you know to to run those things to
ground but the big picture is that
whatever we saw on that George Floyd
thing that just got stopped whatever
that was you know we'll let the legal
system sort it out you know I'm of the
view that you never really know
everything that's going on you know
especially in the beginning but whatever
that was that's got to stop nobody
disagrees with that right so we've got
massive protests over agreement how do
you get to such an absurd situation
well I continue the biggest red pill in
the world is a realization that your
opinions on politics are assigned to you
by people who know how to make you
believe you made up your own mind
there's probably some genetic propensity
for conservatism or liberalism but not
the policy details not not the specific
what do you do about it
details most of you know I'm a trained
hypnotist and I write about techniques
of persuasion viewed through my filter
the current upheaval in the country is
predicated on something real and
important to fix racism but the way we
are acting on it comes from external
persuasion the way we're acting on it is
irrational
we remember we're largely in agreement
what do you do when you're in agreement
you sit down you talk about the
solutions you're working out
absent votes we're not doing that or
anything like that so obviously whatever
is happening is divorced and now from
data and reason what caused it what
caused so many people to leave the field
of reason when they had largely won what
they were trying to win so then I said
this I said that I don't see a public
trying to find solutions now people are
celesta suggesting solutions but watch
how those solutions are not accepted so
if you say to yourself people are trying
to find solutions they keep suggesting
solutions somebody suggested this
legislation Trump did these executive
order black lives matter has a list lots
of suggestions of course Scott they're
trying to fix it no they're not no
they're not no you would see us trying
to agree on the data if people were
trying to fix it you would see people
say Oh President Trump your executive
order that's good stuff
can we talk about some other stuff we
accept you know where you want on that
we'd like to see more you think you'll
see that no no no you're gonna see more
papa fights you can see the puppets
fighting even when they agree and even
when one of the puppets says hey about
this can we talk about this would this
work for you no puppet fighting that's
just what you do when somebody offers
you a concession as you have a puppet
fight with them because you're so
rational so here's what I said I don't
see a public trying to find solutions
what I see is hypnotized puppets
fighting other hypnotized puppets while
the puppet masters cash their checks and
now I don't blame George Soros this
isn't about money influence it's about
something far more powerful and then I
concluded this way you aren't yet ready
for the truth but you will be you're not
there yet but you will be
so it's common it's common some of the
biggest red bills in the world now when
I talked about this some people wondered
are you talking about a discrete event
that you know about that you're telling
us is coming now it's not a discrete
event what's happening is there are a
number of discrete events which look
like they're independent events and are
but collectively they're starting to
form a tapestry that tapestry will be
your new understanding of reality you
are heading to a higher level of
awareness not all of you at the same
rate and some of you won't make it at
all you know it's a it's an individual
journey but on average on average by the
end of this year 2020 ironically 2020
the same the same same numbers we used
to describe perfect vision in 2020 the
year of perfect vision the entire world
just lost all their their credibility
and experts that's part of it
that's not all of it but losing your
belief that the experts are on your side
and telling you the truth is really
important to get to the next level and
that part is complete you do not believe
any experts anymore you still have to
listen to them because you know there
are lots of situations where listening
is the expert is better than guessing
but you don't have the same trust that
you would have had even if you hear all
the experts agree when you hear all the
experts agree what does that mean in
2020 nothing it doesn't mean anything he
used to he used to mean a lot if you
heard that all the experts agreed
weren't you pretty sure that was true
maybe not every time but didn't you say
to yourself well all the experts agree
it's probably 80 or 90 percent likely to
be true not anymore
I mean I don't know if it was ever true
I suspect it was never true that the
experts were right 80 than 90 percent of
the time but you certainly don't believe
it anymore now what do you believe well
that's the part that's still coming
together and by the end of this year
almost all of you not all of you
everybody's individual almost all of you
will have reached a new level of
awareness that's actually unprecedented
now what that will feel like and what
that will look like still a little bit
unknown I mean the whole point of a
higher level of awareness is if if you
could see it from where you were at it
wouldn't exist right the whole point of
it is to move to a higher level of
awareness and that's the big red pill
that's coming it's a whole bunch of
small things that collectively are going
to sum up to a new view of your entire
understanding of reality and your place
within it so that wasn't what you were
expecting today it wasn't I saw Steve
ban and say something that just
fascinated me and this gets back to sort
of like you know the the feeling about
the the feeling about the simulation you
know the idea that we live in a computer
simulation and we're not real in an
original sense we're real as software
but in that view of the things but not
not real as the creators who made the
software now here's one of those
situations that just makes me think you
know I don't think it's true in the way
I'm gonna say it but it just feels like
we live in a programmed movie because
there are so many things that happen
that fit a storyline or a narrative it's
just getting harder and harder to ignore
now your first assumption should be is
nothing but coincidence and
formation bias and I wouldn't tell you
it's more than that but when you see it
it's still interesting so I'm gonna call
it out so Steve Benin made this
observation that George Floyd we know
from the corner of report
I had coronavirus and he also had
fentanyl in his system now there's a
separate conversation about how much
those mattered to the outcome but what
are the odds that George Floyd would
have two things from China in his system
and they're both bad there's not a
coincidence doesn't that feel like the
simulation is winking at you it's like
the biggest trigger point maybe that
we've ever seen as in terms of a single
issue single you know event that lasted
nine minutes that changed the world
one of the odds that that single moment
that changed everything at the same time
that we're experiencing a pandemic
caused by China at the same time we're
having an economic dislocation also
caused by China what were the odds that
that person who was the flash point for
everything had in his body the two most
visible variables of China's complete
evil what a weird coincidence now it's
not a meaningful it might not be
meaningful in terms of explaining what
happened sort of an unknown I would say
that having fentanyl in your body on top
of whatever other drugs on top of police
being on your chest and on your neck on
top of any excitation from the situation
on top of you know whatever underlying
health conditions yeah there's a lot of
variables involved but one of the odds
of fentanyl would be one of them I don't
know I think the simulation is winking
at you and telling you that hey hey
everybody hey everybody there's another
level there's another level
I can't tell you what it is because even
if I did it's too soon you have to be
ready you know the the the foundation
has to be poured before you can enjoy
the next level of awareness I can't tell
you what it is but wink wink wink wink
alright so somebody says I have not and
I will not wear a mask so is that
anybody who has been watching my
periscopes for a while alarmed about
some of my books being upside down on
the shelf behind me if any of you
noticed that some time ago one of the
books was upside down and then later it
was right-side up but then the middle
book was upside down and yesterday I got
a message from somebody said he drives
me crazy with that upside down book yeah
my OCD is is getting triggered can you
can you put the wind Bigley book
right-side up so I said yes because if
somebody asked me for something like
that of course I'm going to but I have
to turn the other book upside down
because I wanted to see how many if you
noticed
well now that I've admitted that I was
doing it intentionally now of course
that is an example of persuasion and I
did it so that I could call it out later
once I was was it was done if any of you
noticed it and it made you spend some
time wondering about it that's all it
was supposed to do it was supposed to
make you pause and wonder because the
more attention you give me no matter you
know as long as it's positive attention
even negative attention sometimes is
sort of a bonding process so the more
you think about somebody the more
important they seem the more likely
you're going to check their content down
to the next time you see it yeah yes
so this is a simple technique of using
something that's intentionally wrong to
draw your attention now I've talked
about in the past most of you've heard
it I wrote about it in Wind Bigley as
well that the president's tweets often
have a misspelling you know for example
recently instead of stopped he he typed
stooped it's got to be stooped now well
I don't think that he makes that kind of
mistake
intentionally so unlike my situation
where I intentionally turned a book
upside down to create a mistake I don't
believe that the mistakes you see in the
president's tweets are intentional
they're just tight bumps they're just
typos maybe gets a fact wrong I mean
it's just normal stuff but he doesn't
delete them and the fact that he doesn't
delete them and simply just retweet it
with the correct words is telling you
something it's a decision wouldn't
Barack Obama leave a typo in a tweet
would Barack Obama leave a typo in a
tweet if he could just delete it
did somebody report somebody always
points it out right away right in the
first five minutes after a presidential
tweet probably 60 seconds into a into
the tweet somebody's going to tell the
president
oops you got a typo Barack Obama would
fix it because he'd want to look
professional he'd want to present
himself as a you know person whose cares
about the details that would be his part
of his brain and president Trump would
see a typo and say quite reasonably this
typo is gonna make people look at this
tweet the typo even though it's an
accident added something it's an
addition it's not a subtraction it's an
addition because what he wants when he
sends a tweet is your attention why
would he tweet if he doesn't want you to
pay attention do you remember that
fascinating tweet that Barack Obama sent
no you don't cuz Barack Obama never sent
a tweet that you would remember in fact
you probably didn't remember for five
minutes when you ever you saw it how
many tweets of president Trump's do you
remember at least you know
conceptionally not the exact words
probably a lot coffe Fe for example just
to pick one probably a lot so the
president is operating at a higher level
of awareness this is what I told you in
2015 is what I noticed immediately about
him he's operating on a persuasion level
which means that when he tells the fact
that the fact checkers say no that fact
is not right does he know it's not a
fact he knows it doesn't matter he knows
it doesn't matter that's what you need
to understand he knows it doesn't matter
as long as the facts he's alleging are
directionally useful meaning he's
persuading you quite obviously and
transparently toward a policy or a
situation which he can describe all of
its benefits there's nothing really
hidden about that and so if he if he
uses a fact that doesn't pass the
fact-checking and he gets called out on
it all the smart people operating at a
lower level of awareness say what's
wrong with you are you crazy
are you stupid why are you not
correcting these obvious mistakes and
the reason is Trump operates at a higher
level of awareness if you hate him it's
hard to hear I know it's really hard to
hear if you hate him but a whole big
part of why people don't understand why
he does what he does and it scares them
to death
because when you see somebody powerful
and and what's more powerful than the
presidency when you see somebody
powerful and you don't know why they're
doing what they're doing how is that not
scary really how could you not be scared
scared by watching the most powerful
person in your world if you
America doing things that don't make
sense to you scary right so you can
completely understand the one half of
the half of the country is their hair is
on fire
they just don't know why he does what he
does and the reason is this
he knows what matters and he knows
what's if you said to me is
Trump the very best medical professional
in the world I'd say probably not it's
not something he studied if you say this
Trump an expert on any one of a number
of you know detailed technical topics I
would say no nor does he claim to be
experts on those detailed technical
topics but there is one thing that Trump
is an expert on and I don't even think
his critics would disagree
he knows he lives it he
breathes it he produces it he manages it
he spots it he changes it he creates it
he knows and he can smell it a
mile away
that's that hunch thing when the
president closed the airports when all
of the experts said no no too soon too
soon we don't have data what was he
operating on the hunch what's another
way to describe that same situation he
smelled he smelled the
on the entire world he could smell
 from Wuhan China that's
how good he smelled so consider
that when you see that the president's
executive order prominently asked for a
national database on police misconduct
what that saying is he knows the data
that people are using to make decisions
they're using the wrong data and that
they are trapped in a delusion he's
trapped in a delusion somebody saying
who is this guy well welcome whoever
asked Who I am
you should read win big Li as your
introduction to the answer to that
question so say what you will about the
president I saw Mike service say the
other day that that he thinks that Trump
has lost a step with age but not he's
not in complete you know breakdown and
like Biden is of course there's a big
difference
now degree with that I think if you're
being fair has Trump lost the step with
age I'd say yes I would say yes I would
say I've lost a step with age as well
now one of the things that people don't
realize until they become a certain age
is that there's a compensation strategy
meaning that old people lose certain
abilities but they gain other abilities
and they use the abilities they've
gained to compensate for the ones they
know they're losing and so I don't worry
automatically about somebody in their
early to mid 70s who is looks like
they've lost a little bit of a step
because that doesn't tell you the whole
story because they've got other things
going on they've got trusted advisers
they've got a lifetime of calling out
 they have some strong
capabilities they can compensate for any
and the you know loss of a step so we
but but it's fair to call it out it is
fair to call it out when when I was
saying that Hillary Clinton looked
unhealthy you know before she collapsed
and was carried away and dragged into a
car I've been saying that for months
because it looked at it just looked that
way to me when I say that Joe Biden
appears to have lost his mental
abilities far far you know beyond the
point where he should have any job
really except maybe 7/11 I'm saying that
because that's just an observation and
I'm trying to be objective that is not
based on politics it's just what I see
likewise I think I would be a liar or a
hypocrite if I were not to call out as
Mike Serna did that it looks to me
like Trump has lost the step but again
you have to look at the big picture I
think he's also gained a lot in terms of
the capability of how to be a president
by being a president I would say that
his top advisors on the most important
things are extraordinary
the most important things being how we
deal with other countries and our
economy in my opinion those are the top
priorities his advisers in those
categories Mike Pompeo excellent Steve
minuchin excellent Peter Navarro
excellent three top advisors those are
A+ advisors at least as far as I can
tell right you never really know because
you can't tell from the outside but from
what we can see those are three of the
top best most qualified and so far have
functioned really at the highest level
so far very impressively
I would say so do you care the Trump is
74 and he was a little bit sharper at 55
yeah you should care about that but you
have to see it in context to and I will
reiterate we should not have presidents
were over 70 it's just bad idea it's
just adding a risk to something that you
didn't need it to add a risk to but here
we are we have two choices of candidates
over 70 so often we'll have to pick the
one you like oh yeah let's talk about
Carmel Harris it feels like every day
somebody's smart is writing an opinion
piece saying well it's got to be calmly
Harris its kind of come down to kinda
has to be calm lares now I don't know
how we can ignore the fact that it's
just blatant racism because if a job
requirement the vice presidency in this
case if the job requirement has a
guaranteed racial component and they
guaranteed I think guaranteed gender
component
I don't know if you can call there
anything but racism now I get why but I
understand why by didn't is doing it and
I'll even go further if I were Biden not
to do it too I would do it wouldn't you
if you were Biden and you were trying to
get elected and as long as he's being
transparent about it I mean it's racism
but it's I have to give them some credit
for being transparent Biden is telling
the country look I'm gonna be a racist
in this decision there's no there's no
other word for it if you're requiring a
race for a job you're a racist there's
no other way to shade that right and and
I would I would be insulted if anybody
disagreed with that it is explicit
racism by the cleanest most obvious
definition there's nothing more racist
than your race will determine whether
you're eligible for a job in the
government now I know there's not a
legal requirement but Biden said it
explicitly and and let me say if I or
you were in his situation it's actually
a good play it was not dumb it's the
smartest most reasonable thing it can do
and it has a good intention the good
intention is to make the country feel
comfortable that it's represented and I
don't think there's anything wrong with
the intention nothing wrong with the
intention so we kind of let it slide and
say well the intention is obviously good
you know even if you're Republican even
if you're Republican and even if you say
that's totally racist requiring a race
for a job what else is it it's just
racist but even the Republicans I think
if you talk to them privately would say
but yeah it's well-intentioned
you might not think it's a good idea you
might not like who he pecks but you'd
have to admit can we just admit that
it's well-intentioned it's good strategy
to get elected as well well I don't say
any bad intention to it whatsoever
so we do expect the Comal will be picked
now let me ask you this as you are
tapestry of the big red pill starts to
come together and you're seeing that
you're seeing the the patches of the the
tapestry individually here's another
patch just throw this on throw this into
your thinking when you're starting to
see a larger truth revealed over the
coming months think about when I told
you that Komal Harris would be the VP
Peck to be the real president because a
Biden's brain think about how long ago I
told you that think about me telling you
that Trump would be president in 2015
publicly and loudly think about how
loudly and publicly and repeatedly I
told you that the least likely person in
the world according to everybody else
was going to be your next president I
told you that Komal Harris would be
effectively the candidate after she
dropped out of the race think
about that now still could change could
be Susan Rice in the end could be things
we don't know were happening behind the
scenes could be something they found out
about common areas that we don't know
that it takes her out of the running but
at the moment wouldn't you agree that at
the moment if you were to pick today it
looks like it would become Blair's and
at the moment you would all agree that
Komal Harris would be if not on day one
very soon the most influential person
and effectively the president behind the
president what do you agree that you
didn't agree when I first said it did
you so I want you I just want you to put
that fact that I called this so far in
advance that it approaches magic and I
did it twice because calling Trump for
president
I'm not saying other people didn't
so think he would be president I wasn't
the one person in the world but I want
you to keep those two facts in your head
that how far in advance I saw those
things developing what I see developing
right now is even cooler that's the big
red pill it's that it's the big change
in your awareness that's happening so if
you believed in the old world the old
reality that you still live in but it's
old and it's it's like an old
parachuters it's still comfortable but
eventually you're gonna get new shoes
and that's coming soon and you were
thinking to yourself well I think I live
in a rational world where you know
rational things happened what rational
world allowed you to predict Kamala
Harris would be would be the the person
was that rational or was that
understanding how persuasion works well
I would argue that I used a persuasion
filter to predict it if you use some
other filter and it didn't predict it I
take you back to my most fundamental
statement about how you should deal with
your reality if you have a filter on
life in other words the the worldview or
the way you're seeing things continues
to make you happy and it continues to
predict at least happier than you would
be otherwise and continues to predict
accurately well that's a pretty good
worldview it might be false it might not
actually be an accurate picture of
reality but if it makes you happy and it
accurately predicts what's gonna happen
next in the environment that might be as
good as you can do all right because we
all have different filters different
movies if yours is working I'm not going
to talk you out of it
in fact I might try yours if it's
working now I say that about religion
I'm not a believer personally but as I
observe people with that filter
unreality no matter which religion it is
you you notice that the majority people
seem to be quite happy about
and it gives them a structure in a
worldview that is in my opinion far more
good than bad yeah yeah they're
religious extremists but that feels like
more of an excuse for whatever they
wanted to do anyway so somebody says
identity politics predicted it identity
politics predicted that that they would
have started with that the identity
politics predicted that Biden would not
have gotten this far so there had to be
something else that predicted it would
become lares all right so it's a little
more complicated than that but yes
identity politics is is certainly would
have signaled there's somebody like
calmly Harris would be in the final mix
so I think identity politics would have
accurately predicted what the primaries
look like right because you had pretty
good representation women and minorities
and the primaries it would not have
predicted Joe Biden so there's something
else going on here
there's something else is apart I claim
something some vision on all right
ah all right somebody says she was
always the choice I think that's true
somebody says Camilla is not popular
with the black population so it's a bad
prediction let me ask you this given the
current protests the current situation
and the enemy of the people consistently
telling you that Trump is a racist it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter if
comel Harris is popular with black
people doesn't matter at all that
they're gonna vote the same way anyway
because they're voting against Trump
camel hair Assembly has to exist and not
be Trump that's good enough
nobody's gonna care about that did you
predict it Van Jones comments on Trump's
crime initiative I haven't seen his
comments on Trump's crime initiative
so so since I haven't seen it I can
predict it even though it's already
happened right I'm gonna say that Van
Jones says that he didn't go far enough
let me look it up tell me in the
comments if that's right I my guess is
that Van Jones said step in the right
direction didn't go far enough
let's see Van Jones what was it the
crime initiative did you say or was it
the police thing I think it was more
about the police I may be on the wrong
topic here so so this is the first
headline step in the right direction how
did I do what what did I predict now of
course you don't know that I didn't see
this before so if you're if you're
skeptical I'll tell you again something
that you can always depend on with me
now you might not trust it but I'm gonna
say it anyway if I tell you directly I
am not lying about this I'm not lying
about that all right I've never in my
life said something that directly that
was just just a lie
I don't even think I could now you know
if there's some some time you see me you
think I have left a part of the story or
something that might be true I wouldn't
do it intentionally but I could leave
out something unintentionally but I'm
not gonna look right at you and just and
just lie to you and I'm telling you I
did not see any news whatsoever about
Van Jones in fact I didn't even check
the news page page actually I I did I
did open a page but didn't read it he
missed an opportunity it was too
political it started off with a lot of
unity and they moved into a politics and
created stuff that people are going to
fight about
it's a powerful step the Van Jones says
the speech I don't give it a high rating
but the executive order is a step in the
right direction so how did I do now that
can you interview in Coulter I don't
know if that's the right combination I
mean I think Ann Coulter is one of the
most talented writers in America maybe
the most you know I'm just using the top
five Matt Taibbi I put in that category
but there she's just one of the finest
writers I've ever seen I don't agree
with all of her opinions but that's what
makes it fun I just don't think we're
right that era like it would be fun and
I would certainly enjoy it but I don't
know if the audience needs us to talk
that doesn't feel like I'd rather talk
to Charlamagne tha God how much would
you like to see me in an interview
doesn't matter which way it goes
him interviewing me but it in a
conversation how much would you like to
see me in a conversation with
Charlamagne tha God to rip a hole in the
fabric of reality I don't think that'll
happen but I think you'd enjoy it all
right that would be a better combination
so much for today and I'll talk to you
later