hey everybody come on in here let's get
ready for one of the best coffees with
Scott Adams you've ever experienced and
that's saying a lot I mean how awesome
is this for those of you exercising
right now while you're listening to this
good for you
you have found a system that works
because you love coffee with Scott Adams
and it's gonna make you love your
exercise if you combine them oh it works
speaking of coffee you might want to
join me for the simultaneous up and if
you do all you need is a cup or a mug of
glass this time to tell us the tanker to
thermos Alaska Cantina festival of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee join me now for the
simultaneous hip oh now sometimes I tell
you that when I take the simultaneous if
it's the best one ever but I think today
might be a better argument for the best
sip of coffee ever and here's why some
of you know I was talking about this the
other day I lost my sense of smell
completely around twelve years ago I
think and when I say completely I mean
no sense of smell whatsoever under any
conditions and I didn't know why I just
figured maybe with some allergy meds
unused didn't really care because I
didn't mind not smelling all the bad
smells in the world anyway but I
discovered recently as I said a previous
periscope then I've got some harmless
little polyps somewhere in my eustachian
tubes up in my sinuses and that's the
probable cause of my lat lack of smell
and so my doctor gave me some prednisone
and some some antibiotics to kick it out
and so the polyps are allegedly going to
shrink because of the meds and the idea
was that I might be able to smell again
I might regain my son
the smell and I didn't know how likely
that was but I woke up this morning and
I fixed myself a big pot of coffee well
a cup of coffee and I was sitting here
in my office and I I started thinking
what's that sensation that's happening
in my head there's something happening
and it's in my head somewhere it's like
a sensation and then I realized it was
the coffee and I wasn't just smelling
the coffee because I got to tell you if
you go 12 years without smelling
anything you can smell a cup of coffee
from across the room I mean I'm like a
frickin blood blood down right now it
was overwhelming I mean I can smell this
coffee like it feels like in every pore
of my body and that you know from the
distance and I wasn't sure if it was a
phantom sort of a sensation I thought to
myself I wonder if that's the coffee and
I actually didn't even I was having
trouble recognizing the smell it had
been so long since I had smelled coffee
that I sort of forgotten what it felt
like so I put my nose up to it and I
went oh my god I can smell somebody's
way ahead of me somebody says smell your
girlfriend for their first time and then
he leaves her yeah I guess that's the
risk that is literally what I'm waiting
to do so I'm waiting for Cristina to
wake up and get going
because we've been together now for what
three years or something three and a
half years and I've never smelled her
think about that I've never smelled her
you know everybody has sort of her own
smell in a sense I guess I'll find out
what she smells like in an hour so let's
talk about something else the news is
all kind of boring there's some kind of
probable thing he was going on about the
Russian spy
are you following that story I'm kind of
only barely sort of paying attention to
it because it just looks exactly like
something that's not true and I believe
the government has denied it but you
know you can't really trust and I also
know spy stuff I just don't think it's
true that there was some spy that they
were afraid that Trump's carelessness
would get that spidey tected and it was
somebody who could take pictures of
Putin's documents really we had somebody
in the Kremlin so deep that he could
take pictures of Putin's documents and
and that's being reported on CNN I don't
know none of that sounds true to me it
could be true it could be true but it
doesn't sound true and certainly the
credibility has to be questioned so
we'll see I guess that's just a wait and
see I want to talk about a couple of
things yes some people are saying it was
you know Brendan clapper propaganda
thing yeah baby who does want to talk
about two things number one is nuclear
and number two is a student mentor app I
was trying to come up with an idea let's
talk about the app first I was trying to
come up with an idea for combining some
of my favorite things into one solution
now I don't know how practical any of
this is so I'm going to use you as my
audience to be my my co designers this
might turn to nothing but maybe it's
good if the idea is to create an app so
that disadvantaged kids can get direct
help from someone who's not their parent
and you know not in their circle and it
would be a an app well here I designed
it started designing a little bit let's
see if I can push this back little so
you can see it bear with me bear with me
let's get a little distance here so what
I've started with is just the
requirements you know the specs see if I
could come up with something that makes
sense so I'd be a student mentor app and
it would have the following functions
that's just a first start maybe it needs
four one would be a video introduction
by the student so you can see it's a
real student and it's you know they you
can see their passion you can see what
their desire is and they would just put
a little video in the app say a
one-minute video that says hey I'm Bob
I'd like to go to a charter school but I
can't afford it or you know I would like
to pay for my book supplies or ID and a
laptop to do my homework something like
that then you'd want you'd want an
administrator here it is some kind of an
administrator to vouch for the student
ideally also a video somebody in this
school let's say a principal just holds
up his ID and says yes I'm the principal
this school I know Bob he's real take a
look at his that then the app would
allow mentors to sign up either to give
advice or funding so the funding would
not go to the child the funding would go
directly to the entity so the entity
might be a charter school it might be
they need some school supplies so the
money goes directly to the school
supplies so the child would never get
money so you remove some of the
opportunity for scams by making sure
that the money goes directly to where
it's needed in return for this
generosity those mentors and or helping
funding through those people would get
the report card so you see how the kid
is doing you would also to see all of
his social media or her social media
accounts so you could follow their life
so the links to those accounts would be
in the app so you could go directly from
the app and check out your kids see how
he's doing so you can see if he needs
some advice
etc you would also have some information
potentially about the kid's lifestyle
and health does the kid
get enough sleep is the kid eating right
because you'd only have some advice and
that's domine as well and that of course
mentors could offer advice if they think
it is needed or the kid could ask for
advice and also a good source for
networking and job offers so here's how
networking works people prefer people
they already work with right they prefer
people they know that they've had some
association with so if you were a mentor
who had contributed money to a some kid
let's say a high school kid or maybe a
young college kid and you had watched
their progress and you were happy with
what you had done and then that person
says well now I need a job wouldn't you
help because it's somebody you know and
presumably they've done the right things
they've you know they've taken advice
they've grown and if you watch this
progress and you like it well you don't
want to hire somebody you don't know
this is somebody you sort of know by the
time the time you follow them so even if
you're not hiring you might know
somebody who is
and so you would through the app you
would have developed a network that
normally the Ivy League people get but
is harder to get for other people yeah
seven somebody's saying in the comments
successful professionals like to help
other people get started so if somebody
was trying to become an engineer for
example and you were an engineer you're
probably more likely to be helpful you
don't want to give them a leg up and
give them an opportunity at cetera so
here's the the fun part now everything
I'm talking about is just brainstorming
right this is not a real app yet I'm
just saying it could be you could you
could you could couch this in the let's
say you could frame it as reparations
and here's why now I know what you're
saying to yourself what what why would
this happy reparations because it
wouldn't be limited to black people
obviously the app would be available for
anybody
so why would you call that reparations
and I'm gonna take really just the
smartest thing I've never heard on the
whole let's say what do you call me the
whole situation of an of racism it's
just one of the smartest things I've
heard and it came from Hawk Newsom from
black lives matter and what he said was
it's you can't really help black people
in this country unless you help
everybody at the same time is sort of
they're just too connected if you did
something that was aimed and targeted
helping the black community as long as
it wasn't limited to the black community
it would help everybody else who was in
the same situation no matter what they
were so they could be you know white or
brown or any other color so suppose you
took this happened you said we're going
to design it so it's perfect for the
african-american community who might
need more mentors who might need more
funding who might need more connections
might need more advice might need more
positive influences so you design it for
one community and then is that not going
to work for everybody else of course it
would of course it would because that's
exactly everything that a poor white kid
needs that's exactly the same thing that
a poor anybody needs but you could
design it specifically to help black
students and it would just happen to be
good for other people that is exactly
the way we do most things in this
country most things we do just for the
public it helps everybody so you could
very cleverly get to a point where
anybody who has the drive and a
smartphone can get what they need
because there is a tremendous untapped
potential for humans helping other
humans directly you're seeing this with
you're seeing that sort of impulse in
that instinct in Internet
philanthropy so built what Bill Polti is
doing is sort of proving proving the
humans have this untapped desire to
directly help a real person whose real
face they can see which is different
from just giving to a charity that goes
into a big box and administrators
administer it which is good - it's good
- Oh somebody's saying not my kids I
should I shouldn't mention that you'd
probably need some parental monitoring
to it so for example the app might have
a feature where any messaging that goes
into the app also is copied to a parent
so that the kid can sign up unless a
parent is on board and sees all the
messages so there would be some risk and
you would also want to limit it to maybe
kids they're 16 or 17 you know you might
want to have a age limit just so you're
not exposing people too young to adults
but again it should be monitored by the
parents in all cases so that's the idea
I put that out there who knows if
that'll ever become useful I'd like to
change the topic now to nuclear I'm
going to my whiteboard to turn it around
I tell you it was one of the best
inventions in the world when I came up
with my idea of the double-sided
whiteboard hell yes
double-sided whiteboard here we go I
thought you were watching me but I had
the camera all right on the question of
climate change and nuclear power it
seems to me that there are two sciences
involved one is the science of climate
change and as you know famously most
scientists say the climate change is a
big risk but a second science is nuclear
energy and I would I would believe and
this is subject to fact-checking but I
believe this is a safe statement there
people who are experts on nuclear power
not just scientists in general but ones
that are experts on nuclear power
our pro nuclear power probably almost in
the same percentage as people who are
climate scientists are worried about
climate change it's probably about the
same percentage of support
so though those are the two sciences you
would be a science believer if you
thought that climate change was a risk
and you also thought that nuclear power
was the the only viable solution so that
would be a person who believes in
science a half believer would be
somebody like Elizabeth Warren who
believes in climate change but doesn't
believe that nuclear is the way to go to
solve it and then there would be lets
say a science denier who doesn't think
climate change is a problem and also
doesn't think nuclear power is a good
idea so I thought it'd be helpful to say
to just put this in the sense of who is
compatible with science if your brand
your personality the person you want to
be is a person who is compatible with
science this is the way to do it right
otherwise you're a half believer which
just sounds stupid or at least on
educating let's just say it's uneducated
and uneducated is actually too strong as
well I think it would be better to say
your your knowledge is out-of-date so if
you had out-of-date knowledge you would
think nuclear energy was too risky if
you had up-to-date knowledge like Yang
and Cory Booker you would be pro nuclear
energy as they are so now I'm not taking
a position on climate change by showing
you this chart all I'm saying is that
this is where science is right or wrong
I'm not saying that the scientists are
all right I'm just saying where they are
so if you're if your brand is to be
compatible with the scientists and the
majority now you know which box to be in
I wanted to run by you something I've
been working on here which is the best
arguments for nuclear you want to hear
let me give you my best arguments for
nuclear number one consumer costs you
can lower the cost of energy and that's
like giving everybody a raise and it's
especially good for poor people there
very few things would help poor people
more than cutting their energy bill in
half so nuclear's the best fastest way
to get that done
makes your businesses more competitive
because it lowers their cost so we can
compete internationally better helps the
environment it's the cleanest energy
that we have in terms of pollution
climate change as I said if climate
change is a big risk nuclear is sort of
the only known solution according to
Bill Gates according to Andrew yang
according to Cory Booker you know they
would say it's a big part of the
solution not not the one part but an
essential part so even if you if you
don't believe climate change is a
problem it's still the right path
because you still need cheap energy and
and we have an increasing demand for it
and you want it to be clean
what people don't generally understand
is that the risks of nuclear energy have
dropped dramatically in in the last
decades and that's a generation to three
plants that are the common ones that are
being built today have never had a major
event never there's never been one all
of the major events you know our earlier
generations and the so-called generation
for the stuff that's being developed now
will be built failsafe so that if even
if you lose power for an extended time
it just sort of softly shuts down and
doesn't cause any kind of a event
political risk I I learned this recently
apparently there's a big risk if you get
added the nuclear energy industry let's
say the United States decided to get out
of nuclear overtime to wind it down our
nuclear energy industry would then not
be able to support any other new country
who wanted to go nuclear and you know
there's going to be a lot of countries
that once their own nuclear power Saudi
Arabia for example is asking for it some
other I think
southern Gulf country is asking for it
because even if you have you know a
zillion gallons of oil right but deep
beneath you you would still rather have
nuclear for your own power
you'd rather have nuclear for your own
power and sell the oil to somebody else
because you don't want to burn that all
on your own
in your own country so there's a huge
risk if we left those new countries go
into the let's say the hands of China
and use their nuclear technology or
Russia and use their new nuclear
technology because that will bind those
countries together in a way that you
can't break if if Russia becomes the
primary let's say source for the nuclear
technology in some other country they
become sort of a an ally there's not
much you can do about it those countries
could be our allies at least or more of
an ally if they were more dependent on
us for their nuclear technology and we
could make that happen what are the
risks that I hadn't thought of until
recently is that as we're militarizing
space which is inevitable
you know we'd all like to say oh let's
not mill with dry space what we're doing
it in anyway so you could talk about how
you shouldn't do it
but it's a waste of breath because we're
gonna military space so space force is
doing that China and Russia are both
looking at it of course and here's the
risk if China and Russia Russia our
advanced nuclear nations let's say 20
years from now they're gonna control
space because we're not going to be
racing around in space with windmills
and solar power all right nuclear will
be the the energy source for space
competition and we don't want to
our nuclear industry which would be
important to developing the talent and
and the resources for space so we'd be
giving away space militarily if we wind
down our nuclear resources in this
country it's an indirect thing but it's
it's pretty definite that it would
happen and we would effectively be
surrendering
the country it's just that the surrender
would be sort of a timed surrender so
that 20 years from now you'd look up in
the air and we'd be you know surrounded
by
do we say well whatever you watch I know
cuz we got nothing yeah well we'll shoot
a windmill at you or something now I'm
exaggerating of course it's not as dire
as that but when you're looking at
military risks you don't want to leave
such a huge gaping hole that you know is
a gaping hole you know you got to plug
that hole so those are the main
arguments and I would argue that it's
the perfect time for the president to
make a strong stand on nuclear because
the Democrats are split on it so if
President Trump goes that was strong on
nuclear as the risk management approach
to climate change he could actually say
you know people disagree on climate
change but it doesn't matter because
nuclear energy is still what you should
do aggressively no matter what if it
fixes climate change great if climate
change is not the risk we thought great
somebody says Mike Shellenberger look
him up yeah I'm talking to Mike so we're
in conversation on this extensively in
fact what I'm talking about now I'm
gonna I'm gonna be sharing with him
fairly soon so just make sure that I've
got the facts right I want to want to
have him give give me a fact jacket oh
I'll run it by Mark Snyder too just to
make sure I got my facts right so so I
was watching President Trump's rally
yesterday and I felt sorry for Democrats
I really did I really felt sorry for him
because you see him control a crowd and
you see the energy he brings and how
entertaining he is and how we into it
the crowd yes and then you imagine any
Democrat trying to pull that off all the
Democrats are pouring but they seem
about twice as boring compared to him
the contrast is just brutal it is brutal
so I don't know how much of a how much
of a rout this is going to be but
let me say this as clearly as possible I
feel confident that President Trump will
win re-election no matter who he runs
against etc unless there's some big
surprise that comes up later and we can
see CNN may be working on some surprises
real real or not but climate change is
the big issue right and guns seems to be
those are the two ones here's what
probably will happen before election
number one I think the Trump
administration will do something about
guns probably with background checks you
may have seen Joel Pollock's suggestion
to trade more robust to background
checks you know to to strengthen the
background checks and make them more
universal in exchange for allowing
concealed carry across state lines I
hope I got that right so the idea is
that the gun owners would get a little
something which is the ability to take
the rights they already have in their
own state to do a concealed carry and
just go to another state if they're
visiting and keeping up while they're
visiting that's not a big concession
because remember nobody nobody gets the
concealed carry unless they jump through
a lot of Hoops so if somebody has jumped
through some hoops they come across the
line on vacation it's not the biggest
risk in the world but in return maybe
there would be more robust background
checks seems like a good compromise now
there might be some kind of other deal
like that but I do imagine that Trump
will do something and probably sign it
Mitch McConnell is waiting for Trump to
say why he would sign and that tells me
there probably will be something he
would sign this probably already been
sort of hinted at so if guns become less
of an issue because Trump does something
that leaves climate change is the other
big one and like I said if if Trump goes
strong on nuclear power and comes out
really full throated
it's gonna split the Democrats in half
and it will force them to debate between
now and Election Day the pros and cons
of nuclear and here's what that will do
the Democrats you're not going to get
them all to like nuclear that's just not
going to happen you're not going to get
all Democrats to like nuclear power it
can't can't be done it's just too big of
an ask so if you get them to debate it
you're going to split them in half
because some of those Democrats are
going to say okay you've got a pretty
good point about this nuclear stuff and
I have been saying for five years that
that climate change is my biggest issue
and the Republicans are offering the
only solution to my biggest issue you
know and and let's say Warren or Biden
let's say Warren or Sanders are the
nominee who you get a vote for if your
biggest issue is climate change and the
only person who's offered you a solution
is Trump it's kind of a tough vote isn't
it right now let's say it goes the other
way let's say we're all surprised and
yang or Cory Booker again nominated
let's say they're the nominations
they're pro-nuclear right so you're
they're not going to be able to take
your votes they're not going to be able
to take Trump's votes and if he's also
pro-nuclear so he would have a strength
against the pro-nuclear people he would
have a greater strength against the
anti-nuclear people you can't possibly
lose it's like the most winning play
that there has ever been
there's never been a more winning
political play than to go strong on
nuclear and here would be the angle the
angle is that the people who were
against it have out-of-date knowledge
why do you think Cory Booker and Andrew
yang are in favor of nuclear as part of
the solution for climate change and why
do you think that the other candidates
are against it is it because they've all
looked into it and they
all have the same information nope
it's because YAG and Booker are two of
the smartest people in the race Ward is
very smart let's let's face it she's
very very smart the others are pretty
smart or two but a dragon Booker may be
the smartest and there and they've
looked into it and when your smartest
people look into it and they update
their knowledge and they say nuclear's
the thing yeah let's let's do more
nuclear that means your party's in
trouble because if the only people who
are against it have out-of-date
knowledge and that seems to be the case
that it's not so much a difference of
opinion it seems to be a difference of
knowledge and what I'd love to know and
here is like a key fact that I don't
have but I speculate that the people who
are experts on nuclear energy are all in
favor of nuclear energy or at least as
many are is in favor of that as there
are scientists who believe climate
change is a crisis so that's kind of fun
isn't it let's see there was something
else I was going to update you on oh so
I did my first day of recording for
loozer think yesterday and I'll tell you
it is a tough day in the studio reading
my own book all day the good news is I
kind of like my book so so it's fun to
remind myself what I wrote in there my
voice sort of fails after a few hours I
spread it over three days today is day
two so I'm not going to go too much
longer today because I want to save my
voice I need to and that's all for now
and I will talk to you all later