oh hey everybody come on in here I know
I'm late again trying to fix about 25
problems and then get off to the
recording studio again so today will be
my third day of recording the audio for
my upcoming book loser think so I'll
probably make you short today say it my
voice part of the reason I have to do
the recording over three days is because
I lose my voice after a few hours so
let's talk about some stuff so the most
mysterious thing happened with one of my
blog posts some of you know the story
but let me give you an update oh but
before what before that what am i doing
what am i doing crazy you think I was
gonna now have the simultaneous sip no
no here it comes get ready all you need
is a cup of Mogra glasses tying the
chalice detector thermos flask you can
team vessels of any kind filling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the sweet smelling sweet
tasting coffee and if you're trying to
resist me by looking at your cup of tea
as it sits there and telling yourself
I'm not gonna have a simultaneous sip
I'll get you I'll get you alright so
some of you know I my smell returned
yesterday let me just give you an update
on that I'll talk about some other stuff
after twelve years of not having a sense
of smell I figured out what it was or my
doctor did gave me some meds to shrink
some things of my sinus eustachian tube
area and I could smell for the first
time yesterday so I went shopping at the
grocery store and oh my god when you
lose your smell for 12 years you get D
conditioned to how much the smell there
is or let me put it this way when you
have your sense of smell
you you get immune to it after a while
in other words you can still smell
things fine but it's not overwhelming
because your your brain is you know
putting a little bit of attention on
you're smelling a little bit attention
on your vision and stuff so everything's
in balance but if you haven't been able
to smell for 12 years when it comes back
it comes back overwhelming like I can
smell frickin everything yesterday I
went shopping I'm walking through the
aisles of the grocery store and I feel
like I could smell I could smell the
labels I mean I could smell the people I
can smell the shelfs it was overwhelming
I had to get out of there because there
were so many smells and you know you're
you know we're we're evolved from
animals who had a lot of a lot of reason
to be able to smell so it's a pretty
overwhelming sense and and right now for
example I'm just full of odor from this
room and it's just my coffee and yes
that I did yesterday morning I I did
sniff Kristina for the first time I
liked it I liked it you know what else
is weird I sniffed my dog for the first
time I've never smelled my dog and I
gave her a sniff and I thought well I
couldn't go on another year without
sniffing that no that was not a good
smell but so that's all good news but I
want to talk about that I want to talk
about I've got this link to the fine
people hoax blog post there for
mysterious reasons was the only link
that seemed to stop working now what's
special about this one link is that it
debunks the widely the widely
misunderstood find people hoax and I
have for the past year-and-a-half
been spending some part of almost every
day pasting that link as a response to
every place in the internet where the
hoax appears so every time somebody says
the president called neo-nazis find
people out put that link there so that
people could see that that's not true
thousands of them literally if you count
that if you count the retweets thousands
and thousands of this link and it's one
of you know I'm one of three primary
people that that have been trying to
debunk this thing so Steve Cortes and
Joel Pollak and I have done a lot a lot
of linking and tweeting to try to debunk
it but all of my thousands of links that
are out there as a protection against
the fine people hoax because everywhere
it appears soon after you can see the
debunking that I put there all of those
links became corrupt all because they're
all the same link so once it became
corrupt now people said hey it's your
certificate it's expired and that's all
it is and saw problems on your side but
you can go to the pages so all the pages
work if you go there directly it's just
the link broke now it might be might be
because we migrated it to another site
but we haven't seen the problem on any
other page or link yet unchecking that
if it turns out that all of the old
links are broken then that would be
because the migration to the new site
and that might be the case so we'll
figure that out but here's what's
interesting here's what's interesting
so the link is broken went through bitly
so I shortened it with Billy I'm no
technology expert but I believe that the
following is true I believe that my
shortened link goes through bittley's
servers to be expanded to its real link
so then you're redirected to the site I
assume that's how it happens what if
bitly or anybody who's shortening a link
decides to corrupt the link because I'm
and I'm not saying that Billy did this
by the way I'm sure that Billy did not
do this so let me be clear I'm not I'm
not complaining about them they have a
good service I use it all the time
but it shows you that there could be
bottlenecks where an entire an entire
history just got erased in one day from
the entire internet because that link
was essential to debunking one of the
biggest most important country shaping
hoaxes that have have ever happened it
was a very important disbelief or
beliefs that had to be debunked and
there was one link you just break that
link and the entire history just
disappeared and by the way I don't think
we can get it back
whatever the problem is it's likely that
18 months of my work putting that link
everywhere just disappeared think about
that think about that right all
disappeared the entire history of all
that work is gone everywhere on the
internet because it was all through that
one link that's that's so that's a
wake-up call so anyway I'll figure out
what the problem is there I have a fun
little experiment I would like to
suggest for someone else to do you've
probably seen the campus as a campus
reformer campus humor or somebody they
do these on the street interviews where
they put the microphone in the face of
unsuspecting people and say what do you
think of this policy and it's and they
think it's a trump policy so they hate
it but then the reveal at the end is no
this was Hillary Clinton's policy or
this is Bernie Sanders policy or
something like that so the point is that
the person on the street has the strong
opinion on things only when they know
who it comes from but they actually
don't have opinions on the idea itself
because they don't even understand it
most cases I would love to see this
experiment using the Flyers from the
unite the right rally in Charlottesville
from 20 whatever 17 Oh
love to see somebody take that flyer for
a unite the right and to change only the
name of unite the right only the title
and change it to unite antiphon
don't change anything else well you'd
have to change the location and date but
keep all the imagery the same including
the list of speakers because here's
what's interesting the tip-off that the
flyer was for and about neo-nazis was
that the list of speakers were people
associated with various various groups
if you didn't know the name of the
speakers you would have to figure it out
from the imagery because the the words
did not say hey its bunch of neo-nazis
come join us it didn't say that
you had to kind of figure it out and I
would love to see an experiment where
you change just the title you you could
probably even keep it as charlottesville
and nobody would even know the
difference they just say it's unite to
antiphon keep the imagery the same show
it to somebody with all the names of the
the racist speakers still on it and say
is this something you would attend I'll
bet you there's something like 20% or
more of the people who were asked that
question would say hell yeah I'm going I
love anti-shah we've got to do something
about all the Nazis so here one of the
one of the main complaints people had
when I said that there were not all bad
people at the event people said how
could you possibly not know it's and
that's neo-nazi event how could you
possibly look at those promotional
materials and not know it's clearly a
racist Nazi event and here's my answer
have you ever met people you know like
humans show a hundred people anything a
tweet a statement a quote a mathematical
fact a picture show a hundred people
anything anything and you will get
different opinions about what they saw
people will see a completely different
image some people will read it backwards
and say it's the opposite of what you
said if you show a hundred people the
unite the right rally for racists i
guarante reckon tu 20% of those people
won't know it was a Nazi rally guarantee
it because that would be true of any
experiment with a hundred people why
because have you met people people
that's how we act all right the big
story of the day is the Trump fired John
Bolton and of course it's hilarious
because who would the people on the left
of the anti-trump pers who would they
hate even more than Trump there's only
one person who was in the in the the
realm of you know disliked by the left
it was John Bolton so how will see an N
and the anti-trump errs how will they
cover a story that involves Trump doing
something that they probably wish you
would do how would they cover that story
well they're covering it as bad for
Trump of course so even though they even
when he does something that they wish
you would do it gets bad coverage but
I'm gonna give you my spin on this are
you ready
you have not seen this yet in the news
in the news North Korea is talking about
meeting again and talking about reaching
a deal now that alone is not not that
surprising or important at the moment
but here's the key thing to that North
Korea is demanding as part of what they
want from the negotiations a quote
security guarantee North Korea wants a
security guarantee now you don't know
exactly what that means or what that
looks like but let me ask you this is
there any world in which you can imagine
North Korea way for this because it's
the first time you're gonna hear it
and until you hear from my mouth well
just listen to it if you're North Korea
could you ever sign a deal that said the
United States will give you security
guarantees while at the same time Bolton
had his job right there is no world in
which North Korea should accept or
should believe that the United States is
serious about security guarantees as
long as Bolton still works for the
administration so why is Bolton leaving
now instead of say closer to the
negotiations with North Korea I'll tell
you why because you don't want those two
things to happen at the same time you
don't want people to do what I just did
and tell you why Bolton has to leave
Bolton is leaving in my opinion probably
for a variety of reasons it's never just
one thing but I would think that the
main trigger is that North Korea said
look you need to give us something so
that we got something out of this the
main thing we want is security
guarantees and there's nothing you could
put on a piece of paper that we would
believe while that guys still working
with your administration and you know
what I would say the same thing if you
were North Korea would you agree to
something that said will will maintain
your security you know we won't attack
while Bolton is still on the staff
absolutely not
I wouldn't sign it you know Kim jong-un
he's not an idiot he's not gonna yeah
you wouldn't sign that it'd be crazy so
I believe that Trump somebody says
you're mind-reading and you're you're
exactly correct I'm speculating is what
I'm doing
so mind-reading would would say that I
know this is the case and you know I can
read his mind what I'm doing is
connecting dots and speculating so
speculating is not saying it's true but
I have a strong I have a strong hunch
that North Korea's negotiating situation
is primarily what's behind this now I
would assume
there are also other forces I heard that
Bolton complained about Trump wanting to
meet with the Taliban that sort of thing
but I don't know if those things would
have been enough could ask yourself this
do you think the Trump just found out
this week that Bolton does not agree
with him on a lot of stuff right I
always thought that Bolton was there for
a specific purpose to to represent that
you know that strong voice where Trump
could be the good cop so I always
thought Bolton was there as a bad cop
and to represent the strongest the
strongest military opinion and then
Trump would represent more the voice of
reason then it would be sort of a good
balance but I think the North Korea
situation tipped it
that's just my speculation and I think
that the bad cop good cop doesn't work
anymore
because Trump and Kim have a personal
relationship you can do the good cop bad
cop when you're dealing with a nemesis
but as soon as you become friendly or
you're on the way to becoming friendly
good cop bad cop isn't the model anymore
so it could be the Bolton just didn't
fit with the new model of what Trump
wants to do in North Korea anyway that's
my guess I one of the best things that
happened this week and I mean that
seriously like actually one of the best
things is that Alyssa Milano and Ted
Cruz met to talk about guns now I want
to say only positive things about this
story because most stories you know
there's always something bad you can
find out and I you know I could I could
dig a little and say oh Alyssa Milano
she's not a serious politician and they
didn't come up with any solutions and
stuff like that I could find something
bad to say about it but I don't want to
do that today
I like to focus on the good so I would
like to give complete props to Alyssa
Milano didn't see that coming did you
I have great respect for Alyssa Milano
because she's not like other
actors and celebrities who just sort of
tiptoe through the political stuff she's
not a tourist excuse me
she she's putting in real work she's
putting in real reputation
she has real passion and she's really
trying to make things better in a
variety of ways now I don't know if her
political skills are you know where they
need to be I don't know what her
long-term objectives are but what I see
is it looks genuine and passionate and
and selfless meaning that it doesn't
look like she's doing it for her own
purposes it looks like she has external
helped the country help the world help
people kind of motives I love that I
also love that she agreed to meet with
Ted Cruz who in her view of the world
would be sort of like you know Satan
incarnate and amazingly when I just
watched a little video clip of her
meeting with Ted or actually interview
afterwards and she was actually couched
it that way she was saying that she
almost didn't expect him to be human now
that's my paraphrase but she was she had
come to the belief that he was almost a
kind of a caricature monster not quite
like a regular person you know or else
he couldn't hold the views that he has
so he makes an offer to meet with her
which I thought was brilliant and by the
way Ted Cruz I gotta say he wasn't my
choice for president but he's killing it
as a senator don't you think he's like
one of the most effective senators you
know out there he's just killing it so a
great job for Ted Cruz a lot of
different areas also is the probably the
second funniest tweeter wouldn't you say
Ted Cruz has turned out to be
unexpectedly one of the funniest people
on the internet so props to Ted Cruz for
doing a good job props to mallanna
Alyssa Milano for doing a good job I
don't believe that they came to any
understanding about what to do
but the fact that they talk to each
other like human beings was amazing and
there's a quote that I picked out of
that Alyssa Milano and this was so
telling she was talking about how she
explained to Ted Cruz about through some
I don't 18 month-old baby who was hit by
shrapnel and she was saying that she was
explaining to Ted Cruz that no baby
should ever end up with shrapnel in his
chest and then Alyssa Milano said that
she believed that Ted Cruz was
understanding that and I thought to
myself before the meeting did you think
that Ted Cruz didn't understand then it
would be a bad thing for a baby to get
shrapnel in his chest because that's
what she said now I'm not mocking her
because it's that's not the point the
point is she represents a you know a
body of thought with a lot of people in
it who has such a low opinion of Ted
Cruz that they could somehow imagined
that he was dispassionate about shooting
babies literally shooting babies they
thought that he would maybe not care
about that or not have the normal human
empathy than anybody anybody would have
in that situation so I would say that
meeting was very productive because
first of all it showed people could sit
in the same room in people light it
showed her that he has human compassion
and I would never have guessed that was
important but apparently this apparently
there are people on the Left who
literally believed that anybody who
takes money from the NRA is a heartless
soulless monster who is ignoring the
obvious way to reduce violence but I
think she learned that maybe he's a
human being who's smart and caring and
actually has a different opinion of how
to get to a safer world in his case
maybe you know more more guns in some
situations maybe something else I've got
a question about the Chinese economy
about how China is doing economically
because nautically because of the
tariffs where somebody will say well
China's really don't they're you know
they're going to hell
economy is sinking but you can't tell
because they're propping it up
temporarily so it's they're hiding it
but it's really in bad shape and then
others will say you know it's not so bad
smell so bad they just scrambled my
sound all right looks like the audio is
gone here can you hear it a dollar it's
just garbled alright some people are
saying it's good if you're having one of
your problems just sign off and sign
back on because if it's good for anybody
it means that you need to sign off and
sign back on so I have a question about
the Chinese economy is do they need us
do they not are they getting serious I
believe that every report you see that
China is getting flexible about
negotiating with us is is fake meaning
that China is not getting flexible and
that there is no there is no immediate
chance of a deal and when I say no
immediate chance I mean not now not next
year something would have to change
fundamentally they're not going to have
a deal unless we have something about
intellectual property unless we have
something about ending fentanyl as long
as you have that the top dealer of
fentanyl is still alive and we know his
name and China knows where he lives and
he's still just going to work and make
him fentanyl and sending it to the
United States and killing 50,000 people
a year here through his fentanyl as long
as that guy's still alive there's no
deal there is no deal that guy needs to
be literally dead or don't even talk
about a deal and I don't think they're
gonna kill him or that would have done
it already so no deal with China not
soon maybe not ever and we should just
couple and and
of our move our manufacturing elsewhere
over time I saw a little bit that says
AOC has a twenty thousand dollar student
debt now here's a question if you have a
lot of student debt and twenty thousand
is a pretty serious student debt if you
have a lot of student debt should you be
allowed to vote on the question of
forgiving student debt now in some sense
you know all politicians are voting on
tax rates and you know taxes affect us
all so Congress is always voting on
stuff that influences themselves so you
can't really get away with that but it
does feel a little wrong that somebody
who has a big student debt would be in
Congress of voting to expunge her own
student debt you know I I just think
that's gonna be a question in the future
if somebody's saying Trump won't show
his taxes aren't we past that well let
me ask you this
is there anything that could be in those
taxes that would make any difference I
mean I can't imagine what would be in
there that would make any difference oh
let's talk about the story of the spy so
the story of the spy the u.s. spy who
allegedly was in the Kremlin and had to
be had to be extracted because allegedly
they were afraid that Trump would give
him away and you'd be captured and
tortured and killed so that's the story
that came to us through I believe CNN
was at New York Times and maybe NBC I
think those were the sources I may have
one of the sources wrong but at least
CNN and least Pastrana Hannah Strahan
Stranahan who sort of an independent
investigative journalist kind of a guy
he had an interesting theory about
what's really going on there and I
not to say the theory is true doctor
says false I will just say that the
theory fits all the observable evidence
the best so that doesn't mean it's true
but there are a lot of things that can
fit the evidence the best and then later
you find out there was other evidence
that if you had known about it would
have changed your mind but here's his
theory on his theory is as somehow this
spy who apparently was a real person who
used to be there but now it's not used
to be near the Kremlin but now it's not
that he was somehow involved in an
alleged Brennan clapper scheme to to
brand the President of the United States
as a traitor so in other words there's
speculation that this spy thing has
something to do with the original Russia
allegations Russia Kalusha allegations
and that this spy
by getting him out of there somehow it
helps Brennan and clapper get rid of
some kind of evidence I don't know what
what that would be and I thought to
myself well that's not impossible
and by the way Lee I hope I'm I'm
accurately summarizing the point that
Brennan clapper and possibly this
alleged spy who was who was extracted
were somehow in on building the Russia
collusion hoax
so I'll just say that it would explain
just about everything it would explain
for example why Pompeo says the story is
fake that the facts are wrong it would
explain why maybe they had to get him
out of the country to get him someplace
that you know they could control him
better and make sure that he didn't talk
and it would certainly explain you know
well it kind of explained everything so
it's a good speculation I don't know how
likely it is to be true but I like it
and speculatively all right
Scott's dumbest arguments about gun
control blog what about it are you
asking me to talk about that are you
saying that the link is broken
does my sense of smell make me sleep
better somebody else I don't know
because the thing that the meds I'm
taking this prednisone well let me talk
about this so I'm taking this drug
called prednisone and it's having some
delightful and interesting effects on me
as a person so the first thing I want to
say is that I don't believe there's any
such thing as you know who you are
and at a core level like I don't think
there's such a thing as who you are all
there is is what you are at the moment
so if your chemicals state changes
here's that person so you're the angry
person when you have the right chemicals
to be angry and you're a happy person
when your chemicals are in the happy
range so what's interesting is that for
the two weeks or so that I'm taking this
drug which is what allowed me to get my
sense of smell back is shrinking some
shrinking some harmless polyps in my
nasal whatever and yeah somebody's
saying it's addictive and it's dangerous
I I know all the warnings that's what
I'll get to that so I'm on this drug and
I have to tell you it literally turns
you into a different person
and the warnings tell you that's going
to happen they tell you it could affect
your mood they tell you could it could
affect your thoughts it could attack it
could affect your sex drive it can
affect your energy your sleep or just a
whole range of things that can influence
and I got to tell you I'm feeling all of
that so so here's what it did to me
first of all it acts like speed so
somebody says your mood seems great yeah
because I'm on speed now I don't know if
it affects everybody the same way but
for me I don't need much sleep and I'm
wide awake and productive and doing
ton of stuff everyday so it's really
really good that way hasn't affected my
libido at all hasn't but it but it is
giving me some strange thoughts
so yesterday I so thoughts intruded in
my hand and I said to myself ha haven't
had those before so I hope they're
temporary and somebody says my skin
looks bright I believe that makes me oh
and here's the funniest thing
so yesterday I got my hair cut by
Cristina so it's obvious that it doesn't
take much work to cut my hair so
Cristina cuts my hair at home was just
you know the Clippers and stuff and
she's cutting my hair and she says
you're growing back your hair and I said
what she goes yeah all the places that
were you know totally bald
they all have new hair growth you're
growing back your hair and I said well
that can't be true she goes yeah up here
where it used to be like a big bald spot
and she would know she goes it's like
half the size it was a week ago and I
said that's can't be true and I reach up
and like what the hell is going on here
I got all this hair that I literally
didn't have a week ago and so I'm
literally regrowing my hair now before
you go out and get prednisone let me
warn you that hair growth is one of the
known side effects but I assume it's
temporary so I'm pretty sure it's
temporary right it's totally growing my
hair I could feel it
the there's no doubt about it it's
substantially different and it's
literally filling in the bald spot but a
week from now it'll reverse and that's
not real but it was kind of fun that I
would get my sense of smell back and
regrow my hair in the same week the
other thing it does is it makes you
strong as hell I have I'm trying not to
push that but I went to the gym and I
can't even get tired I doubled my
working
at the gym I doubled it I literally
doubled my workout and and I only I only
stopped because I ran in a time that's
it I ran at a time so I wouldn't push
that because it doesn't seem like it's
healthy to push my body just because I
have some drug in it that lets me do
that at the moment so I'm gonna pull her
back but my god it makes you strong do I
have better taste and I would smell yes
substantially now I thought that I had a
sense of taste before even when I lost
my sense of smell but I believe that
could have been a placebo because I I've
learned that what you can detect even if
you lose your sense of smell
you can still sell you could still
detect sweet sour salty you know the
basics but now on top of that I can
detect the specific flavors and here's
something I wasn't expecting in the past
I know five years or so or less I
started eating sushi so my entire life I
was disgusted by it and could never eat
that or sashimi mostly sushi and and I
and Cristina turned me on to it and then
I started loving it so yesterday I
thought to myself ah I've never tasted
this food before I lost my sense of
taste so it's the food I've been eating
for three years that I have no memory of
because I'd never eaten it before those
three years so there was no mental thing
that could be influencing me so I so I
thought to myself huh I wonder what
it'll taste like now that I can smell it
and I throw these little little crab
cake sushi in my mouth it tasted like
turpentine oh my god it was the worst
fricking thing yes all fifty and
turpentine Ian ah now I did it without
the wasabi because I wanted to see you
know the native taste I didn't want to
overwhelm it so it turns out and this is
not a joke
I don't enjoy the flavor of my favorite
food because it was literally my
favorite food
and I guess the only thing I was picking
up was the salt and wasabi or something
I was getting the sting the texture and
then the the salt of the soy sauce it
was great because I love this thing I
loved the texture and I loved the salt
so it was like this is my favorite food
now it's got protein in it it looks
pretty healthy I love this but it turns
out that when you can smell it not so
good all right I hope that reverses
we'll see that's all I got to say for
today
I'm going to save my voice a little bit
and get ready for the recording studio
and I will talk to you later yes the
prednisone is short term for those of
you who just asked