[Music]
all right I'm not gonna take up much of
your time this would be this would be
kind of short but I was just there just
putting on a shirt in my closet which is
not important to the story and just
letting people come in here so I'm gonna
tell the story like I don't like people
are bad at telling stories because I'm
stalling until there are more people in
here well I was putting on this shirt in
my closet you know the other people who
always start with the part that doesn't
matter it was a blue shirt
couldn't find my good green shirt I was
putting on the shirt in the closet all
right
as soon as r3000 over here live I've got
to share with you just about the
funniest thing I've ever seen I've been
I've been laughing so hard
I've been crying in my closet about this
so apparently I've well were close
enough so apparently President Trump was
on Dan bond Geno's podcast it must have
been last night and Mark Knoller is
dollar dollar Knoller is a tweets this
out and so this is a quote this is a
quote from President Trump that when
asked about the Joe Biden allegations
against them President Trump said quote
I would just say to Joe Biden just go
out and fight it says President Johnson
sexual assault allegations against the
Democrat interviewed on dan bond Geno's
podcast president said of Biden in a way
you could say I'm sticking up for him
all right if that's not the funniest
thing you've ever heard in your whole
life now let me explain what is why this
is so funny because if if President
Trump
had said yeah Joe Biden is guilty that
would that would totally open up Trump
for the same accusations and you know
that would just be automatic right so
Trump didn't really have a play to talk
about it at all because the more he
talked about it the more people would
say well what about you what about you
because you know President Trump so once
again this is like the Rosie this is
very much like the Rosie O'Donnell play
and I sort of got there should be some
kind of Hall of Fame for like best
political plays or something so remember
the the Rosie O'Donnell play where you
know he was asked a serious question
about you know incidents with women and
he just moved it over to something
that's so ridiculous and it's so funny
that you can't take your eyes away from
it because it's so ridiculous you just
said now it's only Rosie O'Donnell it
wasn't true it was just ridiculous so
you couldn't even remember what the
original question was after a while
because it wasn't nearly as interesting
is that ridiculous thing he just said
and and what was this what's similar
about it is that you couldn't imagine
there was any way Houdini could get out
of that question before he used the
Rosie O'Donnell escape hatch it just
didn't look like it was possible and
then you see Joe Biden be incredibly
accused and this is the funny part
because it's so credible incredibly
accused of sexual misconduct and the
president again he's trapped what are
you gonna do you can't not talk about it
right that's another thing and you can't
you can't go hard at it because then
they just go hard at you and you can't
say you can't say he might be innocent
or a can you or a can you there's nobody
else in the world who would have found
that path and it's so so perfect alright
now I realize I've been I'm total
- fanboy the territory here but I like
to I like to keep the fan stuff - the
communications part of what he does you
can you can make your own decisions
about policies you know half the time I
don't even have an opinion on a lot of
the policies because what do I know
about trade deals and whatnot but what
do you see communication that is or
strategy + communication in this case
and also humor that is this is this
well-executed this is like
once-in-a-lifetime stuff you're seeing
usually the best maybe the best you'll
ever see alright so let me let me just
finish why this is so brilliant so by
taking the unexpected path Trump does
what he always does you can't look away
because he refuses to do what you expect
him to do and what normal people would
do so he decides to defend to defend
environment how in the world could this
so he can honestly say I'm defending
Biden what a great guy I am yeah and and
he can he has a perfectly
philosophically pure argument that it's
up to Biden to defend himself it's not
up to President Trump we do acknowledge
that there are lots of false rumors in
this world Russia Gate yeah just to name
a few and so the president is embracing
Biden in the in the way that Biden would
least want to ever be embraced
which is ironic in and of itself so the
president is using as a kill shot just
just think about the beauty of this the
president is using as a kill shot that
his opponent is just like him do you do
you understand how sublime that is
because there's only there's only one
person in the race who can survive being
just like Trump and it's not Joe Biden
so that said the more the more Trump's
we're like brothers were practically the
same guy I lie he lies he I've got some
allegations he's got some allegations
you know when he come to think about it
I've got his back
we're practically Bros now you could
this this is like somebody getting out
of the escape room where there's
actually no escape you know where there
actually isn't any way to get out of the
escape room and some that was out like
how the hell did he find this path you
in a million years if you said if you if
you you hired the best consultants in
the world think about this the way you
know that this came from him and did not
come from an adviser or a paid
consultant is that no paid consultant
could come up with this plan is it's
just too good and only only Trump could
pull it off
because I think he's he's self aware
that there can only be one Trump
it's like Highlander it's like frickin
Highlander yeah there can only be one
it's not gonna be by discuss this comes
up the same day that Biden basically
confessed that he was guilty of the
allegations so it's even more absurd
yeah in my opinion he confessed because
of the way he worded it when he said you
know why did why is this coming up this
what's this if it didn't happen why are
you saying this coming up 27 years later
so anyway that's just that was my
opinion that he admitted it not his
opinion but the day when it could get
any worse for Joe mine the the wheels
are completely off you guys have a
caretaker sitting next to him to do is
his lay his live streams from his bait
his basement where I think I don't know
if he's quarantined or they lock they've
been there
but they should have taken this phone
away because I don't think anybody knows
that you still talking to the world but
the day that the day that nothing could
get worse for Joe Biden he's being
accused of the baby tried to hide the
records of Delaware maybe really it
couldn't be a worse day and what does
president Trump do it's like in a way
I'm kind of defending him oh it is so
over
it's so over like God Oh anyway I don't
have any other topic I just had to share
with you this this you if you're being
honest even his critics no matter what
they think of him you know no matter
what they think of his policies and
whatever they think his mental processes
are no matter what you think of him this
was brilliant I mean this was just
brilliant you know and it's one for the
ages in my opinion and you know if
anybody's new to watching my periscopes
I've been pretty brutal a brutal about
the president you know some of the task
force and coronavirus stuff so it's not
like I'm just supporting him you know
wildly no matter what but
communication-wise every day with that
he pulls something like this out of a
hat that you just can't even imagine
anybody else would have done anyway
that's enough of that
oh I'll talk to you tonight