buh-buh-buh-buh-buh I'm gonna be
simultaneously sipping my coffee while
the rest of you get in here if you have
the beverage you could join me here
comes the first one
there will be more because we're sipping
and talking we're chatting and imbibing
at the same time and I wanted to come to
you before everybody uses up all the
good Bob our talking points I think
there's a little bit of territory that
hasn't been chewed up and digested yet
and so I wanted to jump in and mm-hm
why is the traffic so low is something
going on right now that I don't know
about looking at the number of people
coming online and it's startling Lelo I
wonder if I have an option turned off
maybe I have an option for tweeting this
that got turned off all right here's my
take on bars situation so as I
understand it so first of all let me say
this I think the news the press at least
the TV cable news kind of did a bad job
on this story because I watched it and
it felt like the story was changing the
facts not just the spin but I felt like
that the facts were changing as I
watched it did you have that experience
then it seemed like at first we thought
that that Muller was only concerned
about how the media was spinning the
story but maybe that's not true didn't
it feel like didn't feel like the story
wasn't clear and not not sure it still
is so I would I would say it was an
unusually bad job by the media in in
terms of giving us the facts
but it was a fog of war and I suppose
we'll get the we'll get the real story
from Muller but I want to give you my
take on this one thing that I believe
the allegation now has as it's clarified
a little bit there's a little less fog
of war it seems to be that the the real
complaint for a Muller and again that we
have to wait for Muller because you
can't believe anything these days but it
seems like he may have complained that
bars summary was not sufficiently
complete and therefore could leave a
misleading impression and apparently
Muller offered some kind of summary of
his own now here's the thing that I
don't hear anybody saying that is the
only thing that matters sort of the only
frame on this
that makes it all make sense and that is
that there's no such thing as data
without spend in 2019 not any kind of a
political sense there's no such thing as
just give us the facts it's not an
option it can't be done no matter what
you do will unintentionally create a
first impression there isn't any way to
avoid that the only thing you can do
sometimes is decide who goes first and
whoever goes first is going to have a
huge advantage in shaping the narrative
but there is no situation where a
narrative doesn't give formed you only
have narratives it said so if if Barr
had not put his own narrative on it
which we may understand and we don't
know yet but it looks like might have
been different in the least some way
then what Muller would have done well we
need to hear from Muller to really get
the full flavor of it not just his
letter and and said oh I do have a
question as to why Barr
we now have the letter so we know
exactly what Muller was complaining
about I haven't seen that but it doesn't
matter to my point my point is that
somebody had to spin it and somebody had
to go first it would have been
irresponsible for Bob Barr to not create
a narrative because even if he tried not
to that would be the narrative if Bob
Barr had done had gone out of his way to
just say I'm just gonna say the fact or
if I'm not sure there was any way to
create a summary there wasn't also a
narrative it was probably impossible
so Barr could either make a narrative
that was let's say defendant friendly or
a narrative that would be seen as
defendant unfriendly in this world you
would prefer that the person found not
guilty or at least no evidence of guilt
that is sufficient to indict you want
that person to be treated with the
presumption of innocence and if there's
going to be a narrative the very best
person given all the choices because the
other choices are the the illegitimate
media creates a narrative that's no good
or the the Democrats create the
narrative well that's not going to be
something you could trust or the
president himself creates the narrative
well that's no good or the president's
people create the narrative that's
terrible or the Senators who don't have
all the information create the narrative
well that's no good
or the pundits create the narrative
that's bad social media creates the
first narrative that's a disaster
you only have bad choices
there weren't any good choices so let's
stop imagining there was some good
choice where there was it was possible
to summarize this incredibly big body of
work and have the summary not lean
toward one narrative or another that's
not a thing you can't do that
there's no lawyer who's good enough to
to thread that needle so under the
situation that a narrative it shall be
formed and it will not be necessarily
the facts it'll be a narrative that's
the world we live in this way we
understand our world it's why we
remember things this is the way we give
importance to things the bare facts were
never gonna be the thing it was always
gonna be the narrative there's somebody
put it on top so who gets to do it well
I would argue that an attorney general
who was recently confirmed by the
Congress who's doing his work in public
in public he's showing his work took a
few weeks so there's a timing question
but he did always say he's gonna show
the work he told you why there was a
delay it was a good reason you're
handling the redactions responsibly and
so he was completely transparent
so given this somebody has to create the
narrative do you want
CNN to do it do you wanna do you want to
one of the elected politicians on either
side to do it do you want the President
to do it these are all bad choices but
Bob Barr at least did we lose you I lost
the comments here for a moment so I
don't I can't tell if anybody can
actually hear me anymore
but at the very least Bob Barr is a
public servant he was recently approved
by Congress confirmed and he was leaning
he created a narrative that leaned
friendly toward the person who was not
going to be indicted that is exactly
what you want if you could tell me that
that's the worst system it's gonna be
hard to make that argument and if you
can tell me that that the narrative
should not lean toward the person who is
not going to be indicted after a great
investigation I would say I'd rather
live in the world where the narrative
does move in that direction
all right it looks like I am all frozen
up so I'm gonna leave and see what
happened