hey everybody I'm a little late this
morning wasn't watching my clock
normally I am but today I wasn't mmm
well we got stuff to talk about today
don't we yes we do and before we do that
excuse me I would like to invite you to
enjoy the simultaneous if the thing that
binds everybody together and and I think
that's important in this age of
coronavirus we're all gonna have to
stick together to get through this thing
and all you need is a couple of Margar
glass of tanker chalices I in the
canteen junker flask a festival of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid
did you know I like coffee and get ready
for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine to the day the thing that makes
everything better
including the coronavirus go
well I've said it before and I'll say it
again it always feels good to have a
sense of control over your life even if
you don't because psychologically you
want to feel like you have control even
if that's not exactly true
and that's important today because we're
watching this coronavirus come toward us
and we're saying well what do we do I'd
like to do something if I could let me
let me give you a concrete example if I
could find a way just personally just
just me that a voter an individual a
citizen if I could find a way to
directly protect and a senior citizen or
a group of them I'd do it I don't know
exactly how to do that but if I knew how
I'd do it
we're certainly at a place where
standing on the sidelines doesn't make
sense anymore if you're still on the
sidelines about the coronavirus meaning
that you're just not paying attention to
it or you're not doing anything about it
it's probably time to get off the
sidelines probably time now I do not
caution panic because I don't think
we're there at all
but part of the reason we shouldn't
panic is that we're pretty good at
dealing with this sort of stuff this
sort of stuff meaning any kind of
emergency humans are pretty good at it
and Americans are especially good at it
and I would say you should do at least
the following things at the very least
take care of yourself you should I'll
tell you what I'm doing so every day I'm
taking you know a 45-minute walk in the
Sun I'm not over exercising because I
don't want to lower my resistance but
I'm getting some Sun maybe in the
vitamin D helps maybe a dozen but it
makes me feel good it it's good for my
health so I would say take a walk don't
go to the gym the gym is well well there
are people at the gym keep your gym
membership you might need it later but
take a walk go for a run enjoy the
outdoors get some Sun
it's not it's not just a distraction it
might actually help protect you eat
right and make sure you get enough sleep
I know I know somebody telling you to
get enough sleep it's just a Baba
but getting enough sleep this year 2020
in the age of coronavirus it actually
makes a difference because the amount of
sleep you get is a big deal to your your
overall immune situation now I'm not a
doctor and I don't know if any of the
things that I'm suggesting makes a big
difference I think it probably makes a
difference but I'm not a doctor so don't
take any medical advice from me here's
the advice you should take from me it
will make you feel like you're doing
something I think it is doing something
but the important thing is you know if
you're feeling a little stressful about
what's happening go do something take
control take control of yourself change
your situation maybe you'll think about
bringing in some food little extra food
just in case I personally think we're
not going to run out of food I
personally think we're not going to have
some kind of a supply line disruption
that actually makes life difficult I
think it will be annoying at worst
that's my prediction but of course
there's a wide range of possibilities
and you should be ready for all of them
yesterday I did an extended interview
with navall Rafa Conte I don't know that
that's posted yet and I will tweet it
when it is so I did that offline
I still cannot find any technology that
will allow me to create a good
side-by-side interview in a reliable way
there are there are a number of ways to
do it but none of them are reliable they
all require you know Kluge combinations
of third-party software and things that
don't always work so I recorded that
just using zoom and put that that'll be
up some time today I'll tweet about it
what's up if you don't know
all well you should so the navall is one
of the I was trying to think yesterday
how many people would be known in the in
the tech world let's just you know keep
it there in the tech world how many
people would you identify by their first
name
well there's Jack right Jack Dorsey
everybody identifies him by first name
there's Elon has more to do with the
fact that it's a unique name and then
there's an evolved and I was trying to
think of another one that I couldn't
because they're either common names like
Bill or Steve or mark or something
so navall is the clearest thinker I've
ever known so if you're trying to figure
out how to how to think about a
situation listen to whatever he says and
then at least consider it because it's a
it's going to be a clearer wider and
deeper view than probably whatever you
started with he's remarkable that way so
I wanted to get his thoughts of the
coronavirus not because he's a scientist
not because I'm a scientist but because
sometimes you just need people to
package things in the way that that
helps you the most so think of it that
way framing the situation packaging you
helping you see it through a couple of
different windows that sort of thing all
right
the I don't know if we have fully
understood how powerful president
Trump's pardons are for the entire
political system here's my point what if
the if a politician does something
that's good for let's say it's a good
policy then people say hey that
politician made a good policy and if
it's a good policy let's say for the the
black citizens of this country people
might say that's a good policy for black
people that helps us more than other
people but
a policy is sort of impersonal it
doesn't really tell you about the person
who was behind it maybe they did it just
for political purposes or whatever but
it feels like just doing their job but
these pardons that Kim Kardashian is
working out with president Trump I guess
there were three more three more in
addition to the the one with Alice
Johnson that Kim Kardashian got and I
want to say a couple things about that
first of all my god Kim Kardashian what
a great citizen you know just I'm always
impressed by somebody who doesn't have
to do the work somebody who doesn't have
to do the hard work Kim Kardashian
doesn't have to do anything for anybody
else she has what she needs she's good
at it I'm very good at it she doesn't
have to help the public and she
certainly doesn't have to help specific
individuals why she is so Kim Kardashian
continues to rise and in in my opinion
of you know one of the best people
around and we should recognize that but
here's my point
president Trump is giving pardons to
individuals that's different from having
a a program programs good you should do
that if you can but there's something
far more powerful about individual
pardons and here's why if you're trying
to decide hey what some President
Johnson mind what's he thinking is he
privately disliking people who look like
me because that's what his critics I
write the critics say well in his mind
his secret thoughts he's really kind of
racist that's what his critics say now
if he if all he did was support a policy
that was good for minorities would you
say well that proves he's not a racist
maybe not you'd say well I don't know
let's just sort of doing his job there
were a lot of votes for that policy
he was just agreeing with his party it
doesn't say anything about the
politician but when he but when the
president looks
an individual person and pardons that
individual person that's personal it's
completely personal and you and I think
you register it differently and I think
the president knows that which is partly
why he's doing it and probably why he's
doing it now so it's never not political
but you registered very differently a
personal act for a range now there's
been four of them - four of them just
through Kim Kardashian I'm not sure how
many others but when you see the
president pardoning people on an
individual basis like that and and these
are people who were in jail for real
crimes these were not people who were
unfairly accused they may have been over
over sentenced but they were they
certainly did the crimes and it just
looks like it's hard to reconcile in
your head how could this man be a racist
while he's doing you know one black
woman I think I think they're all black
woman after another
pardoning them for actual crimes you
know again these are reasonable pardons
they fall they fall easily within the
the realm that a reasonable person will
say yeah I can see that I can see that
so I just wanted to point that out for
its persuasion power it's way more
powerful than you think and at this
point I think we're gonna be surprised
how many black votes President Trump
gets because it's little stuff like this
that just it's just really powerful and
then he's got you know other things that
he can he can look to so he's got a good
record of going I'm happy about that so
you're some more stuff the Federalists
has been in a couple different ways
Molly Hemingway who works there and also
Sean Davis I think he's a founder a
founder publisher editor one of those
things or two of those things or three
of them and here's Sean Davis's tweet
you said if only Bloomberg had hired
to buy $100,000 in barely literate
Facebook ads instead of spending seven
hundred million he'd be president now
that's what the media have told us for
three plus years so here's the question
did Bloomberg prove that money can't buy
an election or did he prove that it can
it just didn't work in this case I would
argue very strongly that he proved it
can he just didn't win
now these Trump you know Trump only won
by a narrow margin in in a few
battleground states if you if you take
it down to that level could a Bloomberg
level spending have changed that result
probably I mean Bloomberg went from
nothing to the teens in support that's a
pretty big move from zero to the teens
without any prior experience and this
sort of thing so I think that Bloomberg
proved money makes a difference but you
still need a candidate you can't get
away you can't get away with that so I
think everybody who says money didn't
work
you're really ignoring the candidate
here let me put it this way
if you put me in the presidential race
with 700 million I think I got a gotten
in the top 2 maybe not maybe not top 1
but I'm pretty sure I could have gotten
into the top 2 with 700 million dollars
because I would be a better candidate
than Bloomberg and by the way I don't
think I would be a good candidate you
know on a scale of 1 to 10 I'd be 6 on
my best day if someone you know was
generous they may say I'm a 7 and a 10
but Bloomberg was a three he was a three
he was really terrible at that I mean
really terrible as as a politician
leader type public speaker and debater
so it's very funny to mock the Russians
and their hundred thousand dollars of
barely literate Facebook ads which I
which I do believe had no impact
whatsoever because of you know how many
of those people in the battleground
states saw a Russia Facebook ad barely
literate and said you know I changed my
mind I'm gonna go go for Trump nobody
alright
Trump is getting in trouble for saying
as a hunch hunch being the key word here
that they're coronavirus virality is not
as high as the scientists are saying at
the moment and of course what do the
Democrats say when the president says I
have a hunch it's not as bad as the
scientists are saying well of course
this plays into their narrative he's the
anti science guy why is he saying the
scientists are wrong with his no
knowledge whatsoever well I don't think
it's no knowledge because you know what
I think same thing the president things
do you know what lots of reasonable
observers think same thing the president
thinks do you think the president came
up with this opinion completely on his
own and that there was nobody who was an
expert in the room who had ever said
well you know it might be you know
there's a good chance it could be lower
we don't know but I thought I would be
very surprised if the president is just
ignoring a hundred percent of experts
and just making up a hunch
for whatever reason now here's what we
know that's new that's sort of a good
news bad news and plays into this this
part apparently the corona virus has
split into two major evolutionary trees
with lots of lots of variety but they're
there two main strains new and the 70%
let's say it is that I don't want to get
the numbers wrong so let me just say
this one of the strains is really bad
and one of them is mild but here's the
fun part
this isn't fun let me take that word
back erase that work there's nothing fun
about the coronavirus here's the
interesting part the bad one seems
mostly limited to China and the the
weaker one seems to be the one that's
spreading now is that a coincidence it
could be could be just a coincidence but
here's me not being a scientist and
trying to understand things I've heard
you know we're all struggling to try to
you know wrestle with it the science of
it and we're not scientists so forgive
me in advance for whatever I get wrong
and then this next part but my
understanding is that there are certain
strains of viruses that would be more
compatible with or more viral with
certain genetic conditions in other
words if you were Chinese it could be
you're more likely to get one strain
than the other because there I've heard
but I'm not a scientist so I need a fact
check out this I've heard that some
strains can have a preference for some
genetic types so it's entirely possible
that chive is going to get the bulk of
the worst kind it's not completely
restricted so both of them are
everywhere but but it's very dominant in
China and it's the opposite outside of
China so one of the possibilities there
is way too early to say that this is
likely but certainly one of the
possibilities is that the United States
and maybe other countries will be hit
primarily with the weaker version now
the other thing that I don't know about
and I would love a fact check on this if
there's somebody somebody's a medical
community or scientific who could answer
this if you get the weak one if you get
the weak strain of the coronavirus would
it give you any protection against
catching the stronger version later
that's a pretty important question and
if anybody could get back to me on
Twitter I would like to know that now it
could be it so different it doesn't help
you at all so we'll find out
now the president here's here's why this
ties into the other thing I was saying
about the president's a hunch if it's
true that there's a mild version that
it's also true there could be lots of
people infected we're just not aware of
it and if that's the case then the
virality you know it may have a
different denominator than then we think
at least in terms of the deadly part so
we're going to have this blended this
blended death rate that we probably
shouldn't maybe it'll change but we
should have one death rate that's the
the bad version of the coronavirus the
worst one and and another death rate for
the milder version and then if you get
one versus the other or if you're
someplace where one is more prevalent
than the other
that's better information but if you
combine those two I think you get a
nonsense average so what we have at the
moment I think is a nonsense average of
two different strains that operate quite
differently
am I wrong am I wrong that we have a
nonsense average at the moment so when
the president says his hunch is it's
going to look different that could be
because there's a lot of this less viral
or less deadly version I may be mixing
up what's deadly versus what's viral the
the mild version is less deadly I'm not
entirely sure if it's less viral that's
a separate question all right
I have heard twice the now I'm not going
to say this I'm sorry I started
something but I'm not going to tell you
I've told you before that there one of
the ways I traced my influence is by
looking for unique word choices and I'm
I'm seeing some of my unique word
choices have in the wild but I'm not
going to tell you what it is until later
but it looks like it's getting out there
all right you know the big news of the
day you know I could not be more bored
by this it's the it's the headline
everybody's talking about it
so shoo
stood in front of the Supreme Court and
threatened by name by name Gorsuch and
Cavanaugh for they're working on some
kind of case with reproductive rights
abortion and Schumer actually threatened
them by name and said yeah that the the
world when whirlwind would be released
and you know they'd pay for us somehow
now here's the thing we live in in
gotcha world and in gotcha times and in
a gotcha election year so of course
everybody on the conservative side
jumped all over him and said oh my God
if trumpet said this it'd be impeachment
time it probably would if any Republican
that said this it would be the end of
the world yeah kind of would be but I
watched it live if you watch it live
first of all it's hard to figure out
what's going on because his staff just
lied about it and said oh he was talking
about he was talking about politicians
he wasn't talking about the Supreme
Court but that was just a bold-faced lie
because if you look at it he named the
Supreme Court members you know by name
there's no ambiguity about who he's
talking about he named the book so he
names him and then he goes into this
threatening kind of thing if they make
the wrong decision but if you watched
his performance you could see that he
had a smile so he was he was doing a
performance and it was that he was
performing for a crowd it was theater
and he had a smile on his face even
though he was talking angrily about you
know that all the bad things that are
happening and what they'll do but he
literally had a smile the whole time he
wasn't even a little bit serious he was
just playing to the crowd
now here's my hypothesis because what
you really wonder is what the hell was
he thinking
right what was he thinking was he
actually thinking that he would get
revenge on a life appointed to supreme
court judge and that he was going to say
it in public before he did it
that doesn't seem realistic so it
doesn't seem realistic that he intended
it the way it has been taken in his
worse worst way but what the hell was he
thinking like what what possible
interpretation could he put on that that
doesn't make it evil I will give you one
he was talking without thinking that's
it I think that's a little explanation I
believe that he was getting caught up in
his own rhetoric and when he thought of
this you'll reap the whirlwind or
something like if you sow the whirlwind
you'll reap it or whatever that saying
is I feel like Joe Biden now I can't
remember common sayings but I think that
he sort of fell in love with his own
rhetoric and then he knew he was talking
about the Supreme Court and he just sort
of put his rhetoric and the Supreme
Court together and I don't think he knew
what he did what he did it I think it
was I think it was a complete Joe Biden
conflating poole rhetoric with the names
of the Supreme Court and I feel like he
didn't know he was doing it because of
the smile because you don't smile like
that if you're if you're saying that
seriously nobody in the world says yeah
you know they're really gonna pay for it
that's that doesn't match
so the smile is the TEL and again you
know I see in the comments and you're
absolutely right in the comments if
you're saying I can't read his mind this
that's exactly what you should be saying
so you should be treating what I'm
saying with a hundred percent skepticism
that's exactly the right way to listen
to this I'm just giving you an option so
I'm not saying that that's what he was
thinking I'm saying that of the
alternatives of what he was thinking it
was intentional and he meant it or it
was just he sort of misspoke because he
was he got carried away with himself
there's just two possibilities I would
just say that the possibility that he
meant it exactly the way it was taken is
very low it's very low
it might be and I have no objection if
you if you disagree with that because
that's just it's speculation and
mind-reading and if and if you disagree
that would be completely fair all right
I don't think of vaccines coming we keep
here in the news that you know they're
working on that vaccine it might take a
year it might take a year and a half and
I've been thinking to myself yeah but
I'll bet they could do it faster because
it's an emergency
you know you might you might cut some
quarters in an emergency that you would
never do with any other situation so I
was thinking to myself yeah they're
saying it's 18 months to a year but
maybe we could get into nine months just
internally I was thinking that and then
I find out a little bit more
we've never been that we've never made a
vaccine that worked for this sort of
thing so this sort of thing being these
super dangerous you know types of
viruses apparently it's never been done
so if we were to do it in nine months it
would not only be the fastest you could
imagine but it would be a miracle in
other words we've never done it we don't
know how to do it we've never done it
and we don't know how to do it it's not
going to happen so I think you should
make your plans based on a vaccine that
either doesn't exist or doesn't work or
doesn't work very well so make your
plans for the future based on no vaccine
is my is my recommendation just assume
it's not coming but you'll still be okay
most of us so let's talk about masks I
learned out a little bit more about
medical masks one of the funny things
about following the news is you learn
about all these things they never knew
you had to learn about and now you know
a semi expert on medical masks you know
when I say semi that's probably
overstating it but here's here's
something that I didn't know so you're
all seeing in the news these so-called
NT
five masks I don't know if that's a
rating or a brand or what but apparently
the m95 are the the ones that the health
professionals use and they're engineered
and they fit your face you know you have
to fit them and so so these are the good
ones
and you want you want the medical
professionals that the good ones because
if they have the ones you can just buy
it your drugstore they will not be fully
protected right obvious it's obvious
right it's obvious that you want your
healthcare people to have the good masks
not the crappy drugstore one except
except apparently there's no research to
show that there's any difference the
only studies that have tried to study it
found no statistical difference between
wearing the n95 and the you know weaker
versions that are they're more you know
less designed so that's not to say it
doesn't make a difference this is there
and that's an important distinction I'm
not saying they don't work or that
they're not better I'm saying there's no
science behind it it could be that
common sense is enough to tell you one
is better than the other if you were to
look at the details maybe that's what
they're operating off but it's not
scientifically demonstrated apparently
but not in the bad way but in the good
way and what I mean by that is that the
good masks were no better than the less
designed masks at protecting the health
professions so the bottom line is that
the masks work as far as we know and as
far as the medical community knows but
they don't know that the end 95s work at
better somebody's answering my question
here the n95 is a rating oh that makes
sense because there's also an n99
yeah it's a filter rating so must be 95
percent of something versus and 99 is 99
percent there's some even higher level
of masks apparently so I would say that
we can completely dismiss the idea that
masks don't work and I say I think we
can also dismiss
at least on a practical level we can
dismiss it still need some confirmation
but I would dismiss the idea that the
poor poorly designed masks have no value
it seems that they do but that's still
not completely proven all right say
something else about masks but I just
forget it so maybe I'll get back to that
I saw Tucker Carlson's showers just
watching it on replay he was talking
about how AT&T employees are being
forced to train their foreign
replacements the I think their h b1 visa
types from other countries mostly from
india and some of the american employers
were angry that they had to train people
to be their replacements now one things
Tucker said is that Silicon Valley likes
these hb1 visas because Silicon Valley
says they can't find American workers to
fill these technology jobs and talker
doctor says that's false and I wanted to
add something to that and it's this you
have to make a distinction between a
technology worker and somebody who
actually is a technology expert
programmer technologist they're not the
same thing a technology worker might be
tech support which is just sort of a
user level you know they don't have to
be a tactical expert so my guess because
I live near Silicon Valley you know I've
got to start up I've been involved in
this world a long time I can tell you
for sure the the high tech companies do
not have access to enough technical
talents so the h-1b visas for people who
actually know how to program people with
full stacks that sort of thing there is
a shortage of them and these companies
are limited in their growth by access to
that kind of person but it wouldn't
surprise me if technology workers people
who do you know lesser skilled jobs it
wouldn't surprise me if they're being
replaced by foreign workers and maybe
that's an issue that needs to be
addressed so I think Tucker's on to
something but I like to make that
distinction we really do have a shortage
and always what by the way I don't think
there would be any such thing as enough
high highly trained technical workers
because the more you have the more
startups get started so so you don't
hire them all and then you don't need
anymore you just create more startups
the more you have so there's no such
thing as having enough of the best
technical people from India we want more
not less you know if you want your
country to be prosperous and you want
Americans to have jobs bring in you know
bring in a high-end Indian programmer
and have them start a company you're
gonna make some jobs because we weren't
doing it without them in other words you
know the more of them we have the better
one prediction I made which is wasn't a
hard prediction is that Amazon would
would go crazy because we'd have a lot
of business now of course they have
challenges with their own supply chain
but I think they have that mostly under
control their real problem is that the
demand is so high people are ordering
from Amazon to stock up but I think that
that's going to create a habit that some
of us already had and others were were
are getting hooked on it so I think the
days of going to stores which had been
of course in a long decline you know we
were doing more online shopping but I
think this last this last little shock
the coronavirus it's going to take
Amazon and everybody else who sells
online into another into another realm I
think I mean think about it this could
go through Christmas yeah if we're still
dealing with this or even talking about
it at Christmas you can buy everything
online all right
else we gotta go in the air I'll just
make you wait while I'm looking at my
notes that's fun all right well that's
right all I got today there's there's
not much going on I think this the
Schumer thing is just a whole lot of
political nothing
I think the coronavirus is the only
story that's worth having I think that
watching the the Joe Biden story is
fascinating also watching talker
you know Tucker was and I always
appreciate this because Tucker was
confessing more than once on just
yesterday show that he had been saying
with complete certainty Biden will never
get the nomination and now he's saying
that at least apparently it looks like
that's wrong so the first thing I
appreciate is anybody who says I
predicted this I was 100% wrong just I
just always appreciate that but I'm not
so sure it's over I think we're a little
bit quick on this I think it will be I
mean my prediction at this point is that
it's gonna be Kabul Harris oh did I say
Carla Harris what I meant was Joe Biden
would pick Kabul Harris as the vice
president and through her the real power
of the presidency would flow meaning
that Jo wouldn't really be in charge if
you were the president and I think
people are starting to say that and
you're seeing this you're seeing it
expressed as a question which is
actually more powerful persuasion if you
get a chance if you want to use this
persuasion let me tell you the strong
form the weak form is if Joe Biden is
president Hillary Clinton will be using
him as a puppet or Obama or somebody
else that's a direct statement when you
make a direct statement of fact it's
easy for people to say no that's not
true that's not true so it's not very
persuasive because people just
reflexively say that's not so it's gonna
be Joe Biden so put it in the form of a
question I saw somebody do this on
Twitter I wish I could credit them but I
don't remember it's more powerful than
it goes like this
if Joe Biden becomes president who's
really running the country see the
difference if you say who's running the
country that it allows everybody to
inhabit the question with their own
answer the thing you don't disagree with
is your own opinion you always disagree
with other people's opinion if they're
on the other side it's just a reflex but
you could take that reflex away by by
putting it in question form you just say
if Joe Biden's president in all
seriousness who's running the country
because you know even the Democrats this
is just an opinion again this would be
mind reading but it's my impression my
speculation at best the Democrats can
see it too and when I say they can see
it too i mean that they're watching Joe
Biden just like we are and they're not
seeing a different Joe Biden I think now
it's possible that Democrats are are
caught in a two movie situation and they
actually don't see it but can anybody
confirm for me let me ask the question
I'll bet I'll bet there are there's
enough data points right here in the
comments so in the comments tell me have
you talked to any people who are Biden
supporters even if they're reluctant
they may have come over from some other
candidate that were supporting but
anybody's a current Biden supporter has
anybody said to you that they can see
his is mental acuity starting to decline
has anybody said that because I'm
actually curious it's a good question
whether it's only obvious to one side
and the reason I ask that is remember it
wasn't long ago that every Democrat in
the world was looking at President Trump
and said there's something wrong with
his brain but while they were doing that
the Republicans were looking at the same
thing and saying I don't see it I don't
see it and in fact I've argued that
since 2015 and I think I'm gonna take
credit for being well okay I'm gonna be
immodest for a moment I can't prove this
but it's my opinion that I am the
primary reason that people see president
Trump has a good communicator with tools
that are designed to do this thing as
opposed to a random crazy guy who's just
spouting things I think I'm the biggest
influence on that but the surprising
part is that the Democrats have bought
into it at this point even the the most
the most virial virulent I shouldn't say
that word in public here you didn't even
the most rabid Trump hater at this point
in 2020 would also say grudgingly buddy
is really good at this stuff he's really
good at this campaigning he does give a
rally that's quite a show
he does he does persuade so even even
people were inclined to hate him for
saying that so we had the two movies
with Trump but do we have to movies with
Biden because it feels like people are
seeing the same movie on him I just
don't know somebody says there's that
vitamin has a stutter or has a stutter
he's overcome I guess he had one and
that that might be causing him to you
know pause and sentences and you know
try to figure I had to say stuff maybe I
mean that could be part of it but it
doesn't seem to explain what we're
seeing I mean your stutter doesn't your
stutter doesn't make you forget a common
saying or forget where your wife is or
anything and by the way the wife and
sister thing totally overblown he was
literally facing forward and they
switched sides behind him it looked like
a gaffe and we all had fun with it we
treated it that way but that's not a
gaffe that you wouldn't have made I mean
put yourself in this situation you
standing at the podium your entire focus
is on the crowd your wife and your
sister switch places behind you are you
gonna catch that in time no probably not
because he because he motioned to who he
thought was his sister without actually
looking first so it was a gaffe it was
embarrassing we all had fun with it I
don't think that one means anything I
think the other ones do oh I do think
the other ones do you know this one is
just political but I think the other
stuff suggests there's there's a problem
there but watching the watching Trump
start to settle on on Biden's brain as
his main his main that angle of attack
is gonna be really fun it's not going to
be it's it's not going to be kind but
it's gonna be fun so he's already saying
that Biden doesn't know what he's saying
him doesn't know what he's talking about
and that will be great all right looking
at your comments he says somebody say
once an office they'll give him
mind-altering drugs like they give new
presidents well I don't think so I got
to show you a picture I took yesterday
outside I don't want to start a rumor
but this one's kind of fun so you
probably can't see it but I went outside
and I was just filming the sky in my
neighborhood look at all the contrails
there was some kind of like world record
number of contrails now it's only funny
because the coronavirus is out there
which again is not funny
there's nothing funny about the
coronavirus but it was our simulation
likes to serve up coincidences and just
when you think the government might be
you know spraying the planet to I don't
know get rid of the corona virus you see
all these contrails up there now just to
be clear it's just a coincidence and I'm
not a believer in
contrails none of that but when I walked
outside and I looked up I was like I've
never seen this many before all at the
same time so I thought it was worth
taking a picture but don't make anything
evidence not it's not real all right
that's all I got I'll talk to you later