ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum hey
everybody come on in here it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams as luck would
have it guess who I am that's right well
you already know who you are so by
process of elimination that makes me
Scott Adams glad to see you come on in
grab a seat we have plenty of places to
sit and if you're ready if you are
prepared if you know what's coming you
probably are ready for the simultaneous
if it doesn't take much
it really doesn't hey Lyle hey Dan all
you need to participate in the
simultaneous is busy copper Margaret
glass this tiny chalice detector to
thermos Alaska canteen a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit that gets your
day going and makes everything better
I call it the simultaneous end go good
stuff well apparently I think today is
when there's going to be some event in
Portland a large sporting event between
the proud boys and auntie foul I don't
know what they're billing it as if I
were the promoters I would have called
it the punch up in Portland do you like
that the punch up in Portland
the pugilism in Portland the popping off
in Portland I don't know it's hard to
come up with a name for these things but
apparently there's some thought that
maybe the far right types that were
going to join in addition to the proud
voice some of them may be not coming
some of them trying to tone down the
rhetoric some of them I don't know
there's a little uncertainty about
what's going to happen but the funny
part about it and it's funny until
there's violence but for now it's funny
that the point of the
of the protest is to protest against
anti far as being a domestic terror
organization so they're not so so what's
funny is they're not protesting I don't
know
and the any racial groups they're not
protesting any ethnicity they're not
protesting you're sort of normal thing
you might imagine from some kind of a
whatever you imagine is the worst case
scenario for a far-right event instead
the point of it is to protest anti file
for being violent now here's what's
funny about this of course it'll be you
know distorted by the press the press
will put a spin on that they want but if
the point is to point out that an tyfa
is a violent domestic terrorism group
which is the stated point who knows what
yeah they're really thinking internally
but the stated point is to highlight the
anti-shah is a violent domestic terror
group now what's the Anti Fog going to
do in response to being accused of being
a domestic terrorist group well it looks
like they're gonna put on masks and show
up and beat up people now if that's not
entertaining you're dead inside if you
can't enjoy that show I don't know now
normally I would say I'm opposed for
example I'm opposed to boxing I don't
think boxing should be illegal because
it really is just giving each other
brain damage I don't think the cage
fighting MMA should be legal same reason
it's just a terrible thing for society
now it's a free world and I'm not out
protesting against those things because
in a free world people will do the
things that they want to do and some of
them are dangerous and you know where do
you draw the line
I'm just not personally in favor of it
however in this one case where there's
some bad customers who want violence and
want to go to the same place and enjoy
it for political reasons
I don't know I have trouble feeling
sorry for any of them somebody's gonna
get hurt and I just have trouble feeling
sorry for him the people who don't want
her to get hurt probably shouldn't go so
let's talk about some other things let
us compare our filters you recall that
when the Epstein thing first went down
and I said and he died and there was
there were many questions surrounding
his death was he murdered did he commit
suicide and what was what what did I say
really before anybody sent it what did I
say about what you were going to find
out about Epstein then what was the most
accurate thing that anybody said about
the whole incident and I said it before
we knew anything I said it incompetence
has always got to be your top hypothesis
now did we see incompetence Wow now some
of that incompetence might have been in
the form of assisting you know assisting
in by looking the other direction but
it's still incompetence and it would
still be suicide
so the interesting thing is that I'm
watching the news coverage and I know a
lot of you still believe in the
conspiracy theory but here's what my
filter predicted and compare it to your
own my filter on this said that the
cause of death would not be ambiguous in
other words that the coroner would not
say well it could go either way
so my filter was it was clearly suicide
and it would be ruled that way and that
we would know it for sure that seems to
be the case it seems to be the case that
the coroner is not saying there's still
some question about it the coroner is
saying it's a done deal it was suicide
now we don't know what the what the
coroner no isn't maybe if we knew what
everything the coroner knows it would it
would give us some more context but now
the people who still cling to the
idea that somebody snuck in there in
some super competent way you're not
really living in the same world I am
people are not that competent in the
world I live in and the big problem the
big question was there was a broken bone
and Epstein's neck and people say you
don't get that broken bone if you're
just hanging from a bug bed you got to
be hanging from something pretty serious
and have a pretty long drop before you
can get that broken bone even if you're
older because you know your bones break
easily more easily when you're older to
which I say do you remember what I said
I said we're talking about a guy Epstein
whose entire story everything you know
about him his stuff that didn't happen
to other people stuff that other people
could not have accomplished everything
about Epstein was stuff that you look at
and say well that doesn't even look
possible how could it be possible that
he got away with this so long how could
he be possible that he talked dozens and
dozens and dozens of of underage people
into the things that he did how can it
be possible that he made you know half a
billion dollars in crime and never got
charged with a crime for that remember
there are no charges for the half a
billion dollars he stole apparently
stole and then he then he gets caught
and he gets like a day jail or night
jail where he only has to go to jail at
night so guess that everything about
Epstein was the the unusual case so if
this person who think you know how to do
all these other things that even
criminals couldn't figure out had to do
he was like the best of the best
criminal you know you have to give him
that he was a smart guy so you put that
guy who just consistently does things
that other people can't figure out how
to do even criminals you put him in this
situation
one of the odds that he can figure out
how to do something that the other
criminals couldn't figure out was Sowell
really high really high the odds that he
could figure out how to hang himself
effect
they break a bone in the process
probably pretty good alright so if your
filter said that they were going to find
out it was a suspicious death even if
they didn't figure out who killed them
you have to admit that if your filter
was suspicious death you now have to
imagine that everybody's in on it
including the coroner's in on it and all
the people the guards so if your theory
is that all these different people are
in on it you should maybe question your
own hypothesis that would take a lot of
people to be in on it and but compare
that to my hypothesis yes security
guards always fall asleep how do I know
that I was a security guard how often
did I fall asleep every night for a
little while
bosavi the most simple explanation in
the world is that people are incompetent
all right I would argue that one of the
reasons I had some extra vision on this
epstein thing and and many of you did as
well is that anybody who had experience
in a big organization would not be
surprised at the level of incompetence
in fact if you said to me well let's
take you know IBM or AT&T or any big
company compare how efficient and
competent they are to how much you wish
they could be competent and you'd say to
yourself oh my god
oh my god you know these big companies
are so inefficient amazingly so without
getting into details I've been doing
some work with a bank
now what mentioned the bank but I
haven't worked with a bank and he kind
of a deal in a long time I'm not in
trouble by the way the case you're
wondering there's there's nothing to
worry about but the amount of paperwork
and trouble and the number of things
that the bank asked me for that they
didn't really need was just mind blowing
it was just shocking how incompetent the
process was and this was a fortune 500
probably best
best-in-class major corporation
best-in-class
one of the ones that you said let me
rank all the all the banks you probably
would put this one or two at one of the
best banks of the world and it was
thoroughly incompetent all the way the
whole process was stuff that you say as
a customer you say is that really
necessary then I go to CVS and they give
me a six-foot-long
receipt on paper with like coupons
throughout it and they say to myself did
a competent person come up with this
process no these are major corporations
CVS is one of the biggest corporations
in the country and they're completely
incompetent in the most basic customer
transaction they give you a six foot
long piece of paper I'm not even making
that up at six feet long actually six
feet long
like actually Yoli here and it goes to
the floor these are completely
incompetent corporations now let me ask
you this how do you think a major
corporation that makes lots of money you
tracks the best talent how do you think
they compare to in jail a prison who do
you think is attracting the cream of the
crop employees training the best making
sure that systems are working
corporations so my experience was with
big corporations and I've seen how how
incompetent they can be in just normal
stuff and then I say well how bad would
a prison be there's no way a prison is
being run more efficiently than CVS no
there's no way it's more efficient than
a major bank in this country there's no
way so I said however bad it is for
those big corporations probably worse
than prisons and sure enough that was
the answer now
the reason I gave you that long
explanation is because my book loser
think as that as a major theme which is
that you can have blind spots if you
don't have experience in certain areas
and I would argue that all of the people
on here on this periscope every one of
you who had major experience with a
large organization was far more likely
to accept incompetence as an explanation
for Epstein situation all right we'll
block you you didn't seem happy I'll
make you happy by blocking you alright
let's talk about something else did you
see this story this this is really
mind-blowing and it's gonna tell you
everything you need to know about the
world about the New York Times guess one
of the bosses there held a meeting and a
recording got out and then the meeting
and I'm gonna frame it the way
Breitbart and folks on on the right have
framed it it looks that way to me but
you have to be careful because the first
whoever is the first entity to frame a
story you can get biased toward that
framing so I'm biased toward this
framing but it also looks accurate and
the framing is this that the New York
Times held a meeting and the boss said
to the assembled staff we had built our
business in our newsroom we had
structured it around this Russia
collusion thing and that didn't work out
surprise and so we now have to
restructure it around the story of
racism in this country let me ask you
this is there a lot of racism in this
country some would say yes but does that
look like to you
the major story for 2019 and 2020 does
it seem to you as you look around as you
experience life there one of your top 20
problems is racism in this country there
is never been less racism in the country
in this country well maybe there's never
been less racism in any country have you
ever been to New York City
you really have to visit New York City
once you have to walk down the street in
Manhattan and see the legacy of the I
was just reading about this the the
Dutch settlement that became New York
what characterized the Dutch settlement
that eventually grew into New York is
that they were open to everybody
you could be a slate the freed slave you
could be anything any religion and as
long as you had money and you're gonna
trade you're good so New York was built
on a tradition of major diversity if
you've got money you're good that's the
end of the story and New York is still
like that amazingly it's the most
inspirational place you'll ever be just
walk down the street in Manhattan just
walk down the street it's the most
inspirational thing you'll say and just
look around you'll see people walking in
groups you know going to lunch together
work groups is as diverse as you can
imagine and everybody seems to be get
long just fine we probably have the
least racist country we've ever had and
boy were we racist yeah the United
States and you know in the early days of
the United States and the sixties
seventies eighties pretty racist place
but we've done an amazing job amazingly
successful on you know routing out
racism do you want to know how how good
it is let me tell you this is a this is
a quote from AOC a recent one in which
she's talking about racism to some crowd
and hear the words she uses now before I
read you a OCS description of the racism
in the United States let me tell you
what a real problem sounds like when
somebody's describing it here's what a
real problem sounds like there's a major
fire burning down houses that would be
that's what a problem sounds like bob
was murdered that's a problem there's a
recession that's a problem there's an
earthquake that's the problem there's a
war that's a problem those are problems
do you know what's it do you know
whether all of these things have in
common that are problems how easy they
were to describe right I could describe
that real easily there's a war somebody
got killed
there's recession now here's a or C
trying to describe the problem of racism
in the United States and 2019 quote we
need to talk
racism is contours is history's where it
manifests how it's used because like all
winning political phenomena whether good
or bad in your opinion they rely on
coalition building so Trump relied on
the coalition and a core part of that
coalition were racists building a
coalition with all sorts of other people
that could be susceptible to racist
views and there were blankets and
layered and made people feel good about
it not being a racist thing I'm gonna
read that again remember here's what
real problems sound like Bob was
murdered there's a fire there's a
hurricane there's a recession there's a
war something blew up those are what
problems sound like this is what no
problem whatsoever sounds like if you
ever want to have a really bad problem
you want it to be like this you want a
problem that doesn't exist until you use
clever words to suss it out I'm not
saying the racism doesn't exist I'm
saying that if you have to try this hard
to make your case that's not your top 10
problems folks it's really not let me
read it again because this is really
sort of important a Oh see I would argue
is the most effective communicator on
this topic in at the moment the most
effective communicator and I've
complimented her a lot for communication
ability her ability to get a message
across and this is the best she could do
on her biggest topic we need to talk
about racism its contours is histories
where it manifests how it's used because
like all winning political phenomena not
even finish if that's how you have to
talk about it you don't have an example
here's my take on racism in the United
States if you have five opportunities
and because I'm white I have access to
all five and because you're not white
you have access to three it's a racist
country because I have
- five things you have access to three
except your three will work every time
I'm saying three things that will
definitely work versus five things that
will definitely work both of us have
achieved a situation where we definitely
have a path to a good life
definitely you've got three of them I've
got five of them you know worst case
scenario now I would argue that if you
were black or brown or a woman you might
have an extra path that I don't have
while I may be I have an extra path you
don't have so there may be ways that
there are companies looking to balance
out their diversity there may be
programs scholarships things like that
that are not available to me that might
be available to you so if you live in a
country that has plenty of paths that
are just absolutely straightforward
paths to success
racism isn't your biggest problem it
isn't I would argue that people talking
about racism might be as big a problem
as racism because they're talking about
racism is what makes you feel like it
exists feel like it's oppressive feel
like maybe you should be thinking about
it more I feel like that's the way you
should frame your life we've actually
reached a point where the talking about
the racism is what's ruining the country
whereas the actual base racism when was
the last time you saw racism in your
daily life seriously
I try to think of an example in my
actual life where I saw a racist thing I
saw a person make a decision based on
race it just doesn't happen I just don't
see it and I would say it because I
would see people wouldn't be making
those decisions in private I'd be seen
see people saying how we can't hire this
person or whatever I just don't see it
I see people talking about it though all
right let's talk about so getting back
to the question of the New York Times in
a normal world this would be the if
things work sort of the way you would
like them to work the story about the
New York Times saying to its staff that
they were going to change their main
focus from
ruch occlusion reporting to racism
reporting the United States should tell
you exactly what Breitbart the way was
it Nolte I had a great article in this
yeah John Nolte for Breitbart you have
to read it I I just tweeted it so you
can find it in my Twitter feed but he
wrote about this and his framing was
correct which is essentially New York
Times admitted that the news is fake
that's what I saw now other people are
going to put other interpretations on
this because it is subject to
interpretation but what I saw in this
story based on the actual words as
reported for what the New York Times
said to its staff what the boss said it
looked to me like they were saying we've
got a framework for how we're gonna
present the news now it's your job to go
fill in the parts but the framework I'm
telling you so the old framework was
you've got to prove this collusion thing
so go find stuff to make that true now
the new thing is go find things that
make them some reasons country guess
whose problem that would be right the
whole point of it is it's anti-trump
because we don't have a gigantic racism
problem as a country we really don't
we're damn good at this stuff now we're
really good at it and we should pat
ourselves on the back a little bit from
being the worst of the worst
you know racist country you could ever
imagine - pretty darn good yeah still
room to improve but pretty darn good
so I wouldn't lose sight of the fact
that we've improved quite a bit more to
go alright so here's something that you
probably don't know because you're not
the business I've said this before but
there are there are news organizations
that are called
news makers news makers and that's not
every news organization and the best
example I can give you is the Watergate
scandal I forget the details but I
believe the Watergate scandal you all
know was broken by The Washington Post
right and who was it the two
everything's worse than ordering gay
guys and but I believe that's not the
story I believe there was a publication
that printed the story before the New
York Post or the upside not the New York
Post The Washington Post yeah word
Woodward and Bernstein in the Washington
Post so so our history is that the
Washington Post broke the story but I
believe there's a somebody's got to
fact-check me on this I believe there
was a smaller publication that actually
broke the story first but nobody cared
because it was a smaller publication
think about that the the entire
Watergate scandal only became a national
scandal because of which publication
covered it when a minor publication
covered it nobody cared by the bigger
publication if it's the New York Times
if it's Washington Post
they're called newsmakers if they cover
it all the other press has to cover the
fact that they covered it because their
coverage becomes the story so if a big
publication makes something a story then
it's a story the New York Times just
told you they were going to make end of
nothing
the story of racism in the United States
they're going to make that story they're
going to term something that is sort of
widely reported when there's you know
incidents they're going to turn it into
a narrative and that's going to be get
the story for the United States because
once the New York Times makes that the
frame the other major media has to
either match it or even or talk about it
so they've actually said now in a
recorded thing that they built their
model on a hoax they complemented
themselves I have well they covered the
hoax I'm not making that up
they actually complimented themselves
for how well they covered a hoax they
fooled the country for two years on one
of the most important things as
country's ever talked about got every
part of it wrong in at least in the big
picture it was wrong and then
complemented themselves they got I think
they got two Pulitzers out of it
and now they're saying we're gonna make
up a new kind of fake news about racism
in the United States we're gonna frame
the president for it and and we're gonna
make that the news of the country now
you know this because you read
right-leaning publications many of you
saw it on social media you saw it on
Breitbart you saw it in different places
the people who follow only the left
meaning leaning media just think about
this do you think they're aware even
aware that the New York Times just got
caught admitting that they make up the
news do you think they're aware of that
nope nor will they be aware and so I was
wondering how all the New York Times
respond to being outed as a completely
fake organization because that's what
happened the New York Times was revealed
to not even be a news organization I
don't think that's too strong a
statement how are they going to respond
and I realized today that the best way
for them to respond is to just not say
anything just ignore it because you know
you know what happens if the New York
Times ignores the story it doesn't
become a story they can ignore it
forever
they just have to pretend it didn't
happen and it will never become part of
the national consciousness it'll just
become one of these weird little
conspiracy theories that people on the
right you know seem to be subscribing to
like you know weather whatever you can
you can just lump it in with the other
conspiracy theories so the New York
Times doesn't need to even address the
biggest scandal in American journalism
because they know you won't see it not
you but their readers their readers will
never see that story think about that
that's amazing and you're living you're
living it you don't have to wonder if
it's true you're watching it in real
time you're watching the news not even
pretend they're not even pretending
the news anymore all right so you got
that going on let's see so let's talk
about thule band Omar and Israel and all
that so I guess Bill Maher has turned
against the BDS movement and basically
called them out poor Bill Maher now I've
said this before I respect Bill Maher
because he is one of the few people in
the in the public eye who I believe is
capable of changing his mind based on
evidence that's a weird thing to say
because people in the public eye I mean
maybe some of you can do it but people
in the public eye kind of don't change
their opinion no matter what evidence is
presented you know they're just sort of
take aside but Bill at least can take
positions on what would look like both
sides so that suggests independence of
thought and I believe he's changed his
mind on major things in the past based
on evidence so I'm gonna give him props
for being one of the few independent
public thinkers very very unusual
now you may disagree with him on a lot
of stuff as I do as well
but that's a separate situation at least
he's intellectually capable which seems
so seem so special these days now so
even he turned against the BDS people
and saying that was a bad idea now did
you all see that it's allayed statement
about her being denied denied permission
to visit Israel except to just miss her
grandmother and not be political and she
talked about how she was elected and it
gave Palestinians hope when she was
elected in the United States and I said
to myself am I reading this right I felt
like I wasn't reading it right well I
felt like the words that were right on
the page there we're like well these
must be scrambled somehow these these
words can't be in the order which I seem
to be reading them and in the sentence
because I can't believe
there would be an American politician
who would blatantly put another nation
or a group of people whatever you want
to call him a head of the United States
and she sent it right out loud she made
it pretty clear where her priorities
were and it wasn't with these citizens
of the United States it was in fact with
a group that are not exactly friends the
United States now to say that out loud
and to say it clearly is shopping and I
don't think the president's had too many
weeks of his life that are better than
this one because the president is just
having a terrific time exploiting this
opportunity because first of all it's
just a terrible look for the squad the
squad is looking very bad in this
because most Americans are pro-israel
and they're certainly anti terrorists
and I don't think that the squad is
looking good here
so I tweeted this morning this was my
tweet I said can someone remind me which
politician is the anti-semite
is that the one Israel named a
settlement after or the one Israel
banned from entering the country now I
remember I always talk about your filter
on life and whether it can predict whose
filter on life predicted that this
president would be a great friend to
Israel in Israel would like him know
like no other president before which
filter said that would be the case well
mine and most of your filters because my
filter says that the president is not a
huge racist and that other countries
would easily recognize this because why
would other countries easily recognize
it because they don't have our press
because other countries have access to
you know other forms of information and
they don't automatically believe the
press in the United States so they just
look at the situation and they say
well this president moved the embassy to
Jerusalem okay this president says you
know you recognize this as a Golan
Heights as Israel all right
okay all right this president is super
friendly with nanny Yahoo and talks
glowingly all the time about Israel and
does everything for its defense and you
know cracks down and stops funding of
the Palestinians because they're you
know Pro terrorism etc all right this
president goes after I ran hard cancels
the the deal puts pressure on them and
Israel's like all right okay all right
now Israel sees what he's doing they
talked to him personally and they say
he's our guy love this guy talking about
President Trump now my view of the world
incorporated all of that not the details
I mean I didn't know those specific
policy he thinks but I did assume that
Israel would have the same opinion I did
eventually now if your view was that the
president praised the tiki torch of
marchers who were chanting anti-semitic
things in Charlottesville or even that
your president supported white
supremacists in general who as you know
are pretty anti-israel how did that
model predict anything you're seeing
with how Israel is responding to this
president doesn't it's complete
opposites they can't exist in the same
world there can't be a world where the
where the opposition to trump their
world view of what he says does and
believes that can't exist in the same
world with Israel saying hey listen Ava
let's name a settlement after you we
like you so much
they can't exist in the same world but
people are going to have to deal with
that and the situation with too late
allowed the President to surface the
issue of this BDS stuff which I'd guess
if
to the survey of American voters just
voters and so voters pay attention to
the news more than people don't vote I
would I would imagine if you surveyed
just voters and say hey voter on the
street what is the BDS movement
how many would even know what that was
10% would you guess 10 percent of voters
of would have even known what BDS was it
stands for boycott divest I don't know
what the third word is but it's
essentially don't do business with
Israel it's the movement to pressure
Israel Israel economically until they do
what the Palestinians will want them to
do yeah so the president has used this
tool Abe visit as an excuse and Omar
visit as an excuse to surface this issue
which is devastatingly bad for Democrats
and as the president likes to say the
the squad is becoming the face of the
Democrats now part of the reason that
they're becoming the face and the
Democrats sanctions as the acid BDS
thank you so it's a boycott divest and
sanctions so the president is is raising
this Democrat proposition it's not
something all Democrats want it's
something the squad wants and a few
others and making it look like it's the
face of the Democrats because the
Democrats are either going to have to
defend it as part of their brand or
they're gonna have to fight against it
and either way the president wins either
way so if the Democrats are fighting
with each other he wins if they're
accepting his framing of this as a major
you know Democrat brand element and then
they lose the election it would be
pretty tough to win an election with
that brand on you so the president is
having a great time with this and have
you all you've all seen his funniest
tweet right he said in a tweet
representative to to labor wrote a
letter to his Raley officials
desperately wanting to visit her
grandmother permission was quickly
granted whereupon Talib obnoxiously
turned and turned the approval down a
complete set up
the only real winner here is to late
grandmother she doesn't have to see her
now the only winner is that it still
leaves grandmother because she doesn't
have to see or anything now come on
no matter how much you like or don't
like this president you get that that's
funny right there's no way that isn't
funny no matter what side you're on
that's just pretty good if you know if
this were the same joke anti-trump I'd
still say it's pretty funny as a joke
goes so if the president would likes to
put a face on stuff this BDF stuff was
just sort of a concept right the
president knows that you can't you can't
get attention for a concept because
concepts just don't grab our imagination
but people do and faces do and names so
the president found a brand to put on
this BDS and so you
they now have you know a famous of like
brand spokesperson who the president
will make sure stays in front of that
issue so then the other thing that the
president did was he tweeted like it or
not to layup and Omar or fast becoming
the face of the Democrat Party Cortes
AOC is fuming not happy about this so
the president tweets the AOC is not
happy that the other two members of the
squad are getting all the attention now
do you think the president knows the
inner thoughts of AOC no do you think
that the president knows that she's
fuming about all the attention the other
two are getting no he doesn't know that
and in fact she's probably not fuming
about anything but do you notice what
the president is doing lately and if you
haven't noticed this it's kind of
hilarious
all right this is this is why you watch
my periscope so I'm gonna I'm going to
tell you something that once you see it
you're gonna say you're gonna slap your
head you go oh my god that's
actly what's happening alright here's
what's happening the president has just
been getting savaged for for the
allegations of being racist because as
the New York Times said to their staff
the the country that is anti-trump the
press that's anti Trump is decided
that's going to be their story and
they're just gonna hammer this now how
what do you do when you're accused of
being a racist what's your defense well
you could try to do non racist stuff and
that helps a little bit but it doesn't
really help enough all right if you say
no I'm not then you're the person
defending against charges of racism
which makes you a racist
you can't defend charges of racism
there's nobody's ever done it and even
Trump who's you know the great persuader
even he can't defend against that
particular charge because defending
yourself just draws attention to it
it's an indefensible position and he was
in it so what do you do he decided to to
claim that the Democrats are racist you
can't defend against a charge of racism
but you can certainly charge other
people with being racists and you can
charge them with being racist long
enough and show evidence and this whole
BDS thing is a perfect fodder for that
because it's it's pretty strong evidence
for the claim and so the president is
decided to go after them but he's not
just going after them by calling the
races which by itself would be the
smartest thing you'd ever seen by the
way have you ever seen anybody do this
in the history of people who have ever
been called racists have you ever seen
anybody successfully take the claim and
throw a back at the accuser in a way
that people said will say huh that's
actually a pretty good point
I've never seen it I've never seen that
if he gets away with this and it looks
like it's starting to work it'll be one
of the greatest political plays of all
time and who knows of it you know I'm
not gonna say it will because it might
not
work but here's the other thing you did
what's the second thing that the
Democrats always do to the president
that he can't defend the the first thing
is you're a racist the second thing is
they say they know what he's thinking
and he's flipping out they say they can
read his mind he's got some bad thoughts
in there they can say they can read his
mind and he's flustered they can read
his mind and he's and he's fuming about
something right you can't really defend
against that because it's just somebody
making claims about your inner thoughts
and if you say no I'm not really
thinking that people don't believe it so
what's he do you writes the tweet and he
says like it or not to Laban Omar or
fast becoming the face of the Democrat
Party Cortes a or C is fuming not happy
about this now is that true no it's not
true that a or C is fuming about the
attention the other two are getting
she's probably happy for him but the
president is throwing back at the
Democrats their two primary plays he's
catching them and throwing them back and
now they're gonna have to deal with the
wounded badger that they threw in trumps
backyard and Trump just picked up that
wounded badger and threw him back in
there in their backyard see how they
they play with it so they're gonna have
to deal with these two things why are
you acting so racist and why are your
inner thoughts so crazy so watch the
president go after to their inner
thoughts some more because it's it's a
it's wonderfully subversively
hilariously effective because it's what
they've been doing to him and there's
just no defense so so he's got off a
defense where we like ambassador he's on
offense
we like invest on offense all right you
see if I have talked about everything I
talked about here oh and then here's the
other story so Google is d monetizing me
to the point where it looks like they
will successfully drive you off of you
so I didn't think that would be possible
it looked to me at the start I thought
that Google was going to monetize my
videos to the point where they didn't
grow very quickly or to the point where
my revenue didn't increase very much but
they've actually reversed it so where it
went to it's probably down 30% recently
and so now they just routinely D
monetize all my content they don't add
ads sometimes they they hide it from
recommendations and here's the thing
it's no longer a hidden right it's not
hidden it's obvious that Google is
reducing my impact on social media
completely obvious now why is that not a
national story put together what I told
you earlier in in my periscope with this
fact it is objectively absolutely true
that a major media platform has
destroyed the Republic and taken freedom
of speech effectively away even though
not technically in the constitutional
sense because they're not the government
but it didn't affect effectively they've
taken away my freedom of speech by D
monetizing me and preventing me from
from being seen now
what would make that an actual story why
is that not a headline in the New York
Times because they don't want it to be
the only reason that's not the biggest
story in the country not just about me
but about you know other voices that are
being similarly throttled back the only
reason it's not the biggest story in the
country is because the news making
organizations have decided it's not so
if New York Times never does a story on
this it's never a story it's like it
doesn't exist if the Washington Post
never covers it it's like it doesn't
exist and if they do cover it but they
say it's imaginary then that's the story
the New York Times can make me
completely go away by running one story
that says crazy cartoonist thinks the
world is trying to
vent him from being seen and then they
can write a story they could just make
up stuff and he's imagining in his fever
dreams that everybody's against him and
he's probably a conspiracy theorist
because he thinks he thinks that even
though social media platforms are making
special rules just for him you can make
it sound crazy pretty easily so if you
think there's anything like a free press
you have proof that that doesn't exist
all right if there were a free press the
biggest story in the country would be
that the social media platforms are
running the country but they're not
gonna run that story because that's not
that's not bad for Trump all right so
just think about that just just hold in
your head that the social media
companies are operating with complete
impunity because the few news
organizations that are news makers the
ones who decide what is news have
decided not to make it news just think
about that is that a bigger problem than
anything else listen the news the
biggest news is that the news is broken
but the news can't report on the news
being broken because the news is broken
so that's all for today a live feed
before New Hampshire rally talked about
updating the post office into a social
media platform I've heard that idea
I forget who was it
who was it who came up with that idea
originally but yeah that's that's
certainly something I'd want to look at
all right I'm going to talk to you all
later and you have a great day I'm gonna
have a great day so you have a great day
bye for now