doo-doo-doo-doo hey everybody come on in
here we're gonna try a little experiment
in which we're going to learn how to
watch MSNBC as if it were a comedy
involving people who don't understand
things alright so I won't change the
dialogue or the characters or the
direction or the casting the only thing
I'll change is that just try to think of
this as a TV show it's a comedy and it's
about people who don't know things but
they don't know it all right now the
setup here is that they're gonna show a
clip this is a lawrence O'Donnell show
and they're going to show a clip of Rudy
Giuliani talking about whether or not
Muller will invest we'll have a
conversation with Ivanka
yeah and or Jared now first we're going
to watch Giuliani's response which is a
little awkward but then was it but then
we'll watch the comedy program right
after it I hope you hear this
[Music]
all right so those of you who have been
following me on on periscope and my blog
you know that I talk about persuasion
being the third dimension and here is an
example of Rudy Giuliani talking about
persuasion and his point was his point
was that that Ivanka is so popular you
know wait and it's just one of the
things that is true about life she's a
woman and the public likes are sort of
in that light Lady Diana Kander way and
if if she gets dragged into it it's
gonna be bad now I can't make it any
louder so please stop asking now now of
course Rudy Giuliani's point is that
Jared because he's male and he's not you
know actually related in blood to the
president if he gets called in it
wouldn't affect the the country as much
you know the mood of the country
wouldn't be much affected by that now so
his proposition is that bringing Ivanka
in it would get sort of an emotional
reaction in the country and in the
country would turn against the process a
purely reasonable persuasion based
opinion now if this were not a comedy
about people who don't understand things
you would expect them to understand
Rudy's point but they don't so they all
start you won't be able to see here but
each of them it has a smug little face
I'll try to do that the expression of
each of them you know kind of a boor
like this
you know they're they're ready to laugh
now watch them try to explain what they
just saw and none of them understands
what they just saw
not a single person here will understand
what Rudy Giuliani actually said which
is that Ivanka is just naturally more
popular and people would have a
different reaction then if Jared gets
pulled into it all right here's them
misunderstanding it if you feel
inadequate representation I mean okay so
you have to just take this with the
knowledge that Rudy deal with Giuliani
and some of the parts of the center view
it's just not making sense it just is
totally off the wall that said I have
said before and will say that any
competent lawyer I think would not ever
let pretend truck sit down for that
interview if they could possibly help it
including throwing them so finally
between Fox and Friends last week as we
talked about that so if he doesn't have
an interview I think he just has to pay
for fifth
he can't have an open-ended interview
he'll confess to three felonies before
the first bathroom break three
Collingswood moon didn't even know about
Jill we need your reaction to what you
know now if you didn't catch that
he's concluded that President Trump is
stupid because he didn't understand
where Rudy Giuliani just did on their
clip okay
but Jared he's disposable that wasn't
the part I responded to so much I don't
know if I was on camera but flames were
coming out of me because what does he
mean like has a White House position
she's an adviser to the president what
does he mean that Ivanka's more popular
than Jared I think that's what he means
let's watch the rest of the confusion
did anybody say anything like that she's
a woman so she can't be questioned what
clip were you watching there's more
sexist no it's how lawyers talk because
lawyers know that the the jury is
influenced by irrational things
somebody's missing the point
anyway so they were all appalled and
they couldn't believe that Rudy Giuliani
would say something that was both
completely true reasonable and
appropriate to the topic because it
couldn't quite understand it but man are
they sure that everybody else is dumb
why why did they think other people are
dumb because they can't understand why
they do what they do
imagine if you couldn't understand why
smart people do what they do would you
conclude that their success was luck and
success was luck
yes I actually sort of accidentally
turned on MSNBC it's it's just so hard
to watch because of this they're they're
insanely arrogant and they don't seem to
understand the I know the base situation
how are they explaining the North Korea
situation I think I'm going to watch
MSNBC non-stop you know if it looks like
we're ready to sign a real good deal for
North Korea that's gonna be fun Oh what
time will they go live tomorrow I don't
know it just depends when I wake up and
what I have to do do you think I'm
changing the world how many of you think
I'm changing the world
[Music]
alright I'm just looking at your
comments
you know it's it's funny that there's
literally a good news channel and a bad
news channel now and of course it
changes depending on who's and it was in
the white house but I've come to the the
point where and I think maybe this is a
huge you know business advantage that
Fox has the option of running lots of
good news hey the economy is good North
Korea is going well you know Isis blah
so so they run pretty much I would say
that at least seventy percent good news
you know unless there's some kind of a
tragedy and if you if you go to MSNBC or
CNN its non-stop bad news because
they're just hammering on the president
and you know doesn't matter what he's
doing now of course they also have a
different an entirely different reality
in their reality it's all about the
lawyers CNN is pretty much lawyers
talking about what lawyers are saying to
the other lawyers I mean just think
about that
CNN is trying to program around the
concept of alright we've got to get some
lawyers on here you're gonna sit next to
some other lawyers be interviewed by
lawyers and as the lawyer is
interviewing the other two lawyers we're
going to be talking about how some of
the lawyers are talking to the other
lawyers let's make a show of this I
think this this will excite the people
because there's nothing they like better
than a lawyer interviewing a panel of
lawyers talking about how some wires are
talking to other lawyers that's good
stuff do you know what the other
advantage that the the president has
over really a lot of a lot of people and
certainly this situation well one of the
things that Trump has going for them is
that it's sort of the lawyers against
him
doesn't it feel that way you know
doesn't the the contest you know at the
the highest level in the country doesn't
it feel like lawyers versus President
Trump and if you were going to script
you know say like a you know a wrestling
match and yeah and one team is the
lawyers and the other is the you know
the president that's that is a huge
brand advantage nobody nobody roots for
the lawyer well I guess that's wrong a
lot of people are rooting for the lawyer
at the moment
somebody says they feel great and they
don't know why all right how many people
on here feel better now then you know
meaning around now than two years ago
how many of you just generally feel
better about life your own life then two
years ago
Trump has broken through the simulation
yeah it's a it's fascinating to to
imagine that President Trump couldn't
handle the interviews because yeah
there's this assumption so here's here's
another one of these classic bad
assumptions it's bad because you can see
the the refutation of it right in front
of you we noticed that President Trump
changes his personality in his approach
for every situation when he was dealing
in you you know with you know China with
Japan you know with with the world
leaders he goes into his world leader
mode when he's on Twitter he's Twitter
Trump and when he's at a rally he's
rally Trump when he meets people in
person I'm sure as a whole whole
different situation when he's working a
crowd in a room it's probably a
different situation so there's nothing
that we've watched more consistently
than the fact that he can chameleon into
whatever whatever is the most powerful
situation in the room right so he's sort
of morphs from whatever he is until into
whatever he needs to be to communicate
with whatever crowding is communicating
with now this is certainly true of all
politicians you know they speak to
babies differently than they are going
to speak to the voters but I think I
think with him there's maybe more of it
you know it's more it's more evident you
see a very different personality and is
optimized for each of those conditions
and then the most the most stinging
thing that people say about him at the
moment
about the lawyer stuff is that he
wouldn't be able to get through get
through these interviews without lying
there for obstructing well perjury and
you know going to jail or whatever being
impeached the hole the hole
vote and it seems to me that we have
tons of track record that he has
successfully morphed into whatever
personality fits the need so does he use
insane amount of hyperbole when are you
speaking in public yes
does he let's say ignore the fact
checkers yes does he know he's doing it
well I'm pretty sure he does now if you
think he doesn't know he's doing it that
there's actually no brain process going
on and there's somehow you know this
this big hunk of meat with nothing but a
brainstem and some you know a beating
heart that somehow stumbled into
billions of dollars a hit TV show and
the presidency of the United States
empty nuclearized the the Korean
Peninsula now if you think that's who is
president you would say to yourself my
god he can't go into that meeting
because he's just gonna say stuff that
will put him in jail but if you say to
yourself well he does have a 70 year
track record of you know being deposed
for various things being you know being
on the record changed changing for
whatever the situation requires and he
certainly knows if he's telling the
truth or not
yeah that down that's not to say that he
should do it because you know why would
you take any chance so even even
somebody who was good at this you know
it was just great at avoiding lawyer
traps the innovation do it if they can
avoid it so if there's any way to avoid
it he should or minimize that he should
that would just be common sense but to
those who think that he would be some
special risk talking to lawyers
I would suggest he's sort of been around
awhile you know that this is one of the
few examples
his age is totally an advantage because
if you told me you know 32 year old
Donald Trump was going into a meeting to
talk to lawyers I would say Oh 32 year
old Donald Trump this could be a little
dangerous he's not gonna see a common 70
year old Donald Trump I think he's gonna
see it coming so so even though no sane
person would do this if they can avoid
it so he should try to do everything he
can do to avoid it I don't think there's
a special risk with this president I
think he knows how to navigate different
situations you know and we see that as
clearly as as day
what act of the movie are we and you
know that's a good question
I don't know that we're in the movie
paradigm at the moment it it feels like
we're entering what I call the Golden
Age and so it feels like there's just
upside ahead of us you know at least for
the horizon that that is useful so I
think I think it's just good times had
his last deposition he lied thirty-six
down somebody said well yeah you've
heard what I have to say in that okay
sooner an ya will be will be solving
around pretty soon I've got nothing else
to say so I think you're gonna sign off
bye for now