bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody come on in it's not for coffee
with Scott Adams and you know what that
means yes you do it's the best part of
the day it's the thing that makes
everything better and to participate got
dope
somebody says good well you're
simultaneous it may be different than
most of the rest of you if you would
like to participate in the simultaneous
if that doesn't take much all it takes
is a cup or a mug or a glass a tanker
cello sir Stein in the canteen jugger
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing makes everything better
the simultaneous sip oh ah better every
time just when you think I know you
probably think to yourself it can't
possibly be better every time and then
you do the sip and you think it is every
time it gets better
well let's talk about all the fun stuff
in the news I'm coming up with a term
which let's see if I can get this to
catch on I call it the Bernie bomb bomb
BOEM be as in things that explode and
the Bernie bomb works like this and I'm
sure you've noticed and it turns out
this CNN has now noticed because they
did a piece on it they're Republicans
and President Trump in particular and
Trump supporters in particular seemed to
be very Pro Bernie Sanders suspiciously
Pro Bernie they seem to say nice things
about Bernie's supporters and and about
his fight and his consistency and gosh
it's so unfair when Bernie gets robbed
of the nomination it would sure be a
shame if it happened
yeah sure would be now of course CNN
John Avlon did a little piece I was just
watching in which it seems that they
have figured out that Bernie would be
the worst matchup because socialism is
just a terrible matchup for for Trump
during a strong economy if the economy
were a weak or you know even just
somewhere in the middle well maybe
people would listen to a new message but
when things are unambiguously working
well people are not going to take on a
big risk
so the Bernie bomb works this way and
here's the beauty of it the Bernie bomb
goes off no matter what so you can try
to defuse it but then it'll just go off
or you could leave it and then it'll
just go off you only have two options
with the Bernie bomb and they're both
explodey
option number one he doesn't he doesn't
get the nomination despite having the
greatest number of votes what happens
the Democratic Party is blown apart
Bernie Broz defect in at least large
enough numbers that the that the
Democrats have no chance of winning the
presidency and it might rip apart the
party with some permanent damage
so if Bernie loses because he gets into
the you know into the he has the most
votes but he doesn't get elected when it
actually comes to the convention doesn't
get appointed pointed to picked what's
the right word for a convention so
that's one way the other way is if let's
say Bloomberg just beats him fair and
square
if Bloomberg beats him fair and square
meaning that he debates well he buys a
lot of ads they just gets more votes and
then Bloomberg gets the nomination what
happens the Bernie bomb blows up because
it will be clear even to Democrats the
Bloomberg literally bought the election
what is more opposite of burning than
buying an election nothing nothing
so if Bloomberg wins fair and square or
if he if he gets the nod and some kind
of a brokered convention situation the
Bernie bomb blows up but what if Bernie
gets the nomination then he runs in the
general election gets destroyed by Trump
and and half of the the Democrats at
least the the parts that are Pro
Democratic Socialist their entire thing
gets discredited that's something they
can't win
and suddenly the Democrats blow up so
there are three ways that the Bernie
bomb can blow up and there is no way to
defuse it it's already too late
it's an undefeatable bomb so I've never
seen President Trump in a stronger
position to win reelection then then
right this moment now you assume the
things are gonna change right there's
just so many months between now and
Election Day
we'll have surprises and things you know
all kinds of stuff is going to happen so
you can't say anything about the moment
but at this very moment if nothing
changed the president's in the strongest
position we've ever seen now
interestingly according to a Zogby
national poll and I don't really know
which polls are credible and which ones
are not so help me on that but a Zogby
poll put Bloomberg at number two
nationally so among the Democrats
Bloomberg has already bought his way to
the second spot behind Bernie now think
about that what does that tell you about
the nature of reality so the people who
went from not supporting Bloomberg to
supporting him and apparently millions
of people have made that journey and
fairly quickly
what has Bloomberg done to earn their
votes was it because they learned about
his policies no that didn't happen
I'll bet there's almost nobody who knows
what Bloomberg's policies are I pay
attention to the news I couldn't tell
you what his policies are I mean in a
general I
no he's a sort of a centrist Democrat so
I can take some guesses but I really
know I don't really know what Bloomberg
wants to do and I pay attention is it
because people saw him debating and he
did such a good job now
no he hasn't debated yet so what it
tells us is that brainwashing works
somebody in the comments says
advertising works I'm not sure it's
advertising when you do it at this scale
I would say that advertising is telling
people that your product exists and here
are some good things about it compared
to the competition
that would be advertising simply making
somebody aware of your product and maybe
put it top of mind and maybe give it a
good feel to it I would say that's
properly you could call that just
advertising but when somebody with 70
billion dollars or whatever it is
decides to spend as much as it takes to
change people's minds it's not really
advertising anymore
because because first of all it's not
about giving you information that's
useful and accurate and compares you to
the alternatives it's mostly lies mostly
lies and that's what campaigns are
campaigns are mostly lies lies of
omission lives of context that sort of
thing but mostly lies and doesn't matter
who it is that's what it is so he
actually bought enough brainwashing to
make him number two in the Democratic
Party now if you're a Democrat how does
that feel how does the party that
doesn't like income inequality feel
about the guy who's one of the richest
people buying the election or at least
buying the nomination in their party now
if he bought the nomination as a
Republican I think Democrats would say
well see this is exactly what we've been
talking about we have a target now you
know our target is that damn Republican
who bought the election or at least
bought the nomination then they'd have a
real clear you know a very unambiguous
on message on brand
hey these Republicans they use their
money to buy the election we must stop
them with our grassroots movement but
what if it's their party who buys the
election right in front of the world the
one thing I actually appreciate about
Bloomberg is that he's not hiding it
he's actually just buying the election
right in front of us and and there's no
there's nothing hidden about it which
actually weirdly is the only thing
that's making it okay if Bloomberg was
hiding any of this we'd all be home wait
a minute this looks like a coup because
he's stealthily trying to buy the
election but because he's doing it right
in front of us hiding absolutely nothing
we have a slightly different opinion
about it because it's so honest and
we're looking at him saying that doesn't
feel right but he's not violating any
laws and he's sort of on our side if
you're dead you know if you're some
types of Democrats so it's the worst
thing you've ever seen in your life
a billionaire buying an election may be
the worst thing you've ever seen in the
United States and still we're all
watching the worst thing we've ever seen
but because Bloomberg's doing it
somewhat honestly I mean you have to
appreciate that right it's completely
honest I'm gonna buy this thing it's for
sale I'm gonna buy it that's the only
reason that's allowed is that he's doing
it transparently I have to appreciate
that actually there's a story about he's
I guess Bloomberg had funded this is
separate from the election has nothing
to do with the election
but it ties in conceptionally apparently
he was funding attorneys to handle
climate change cases in different
Attorney General's offices in other
words Bloomberg was paying the salary of
people who could optionally be brought
in by these Attorney General's they all
had the option but they had to choose
the option and then he would pay their
salary and they would have a new
employee who would just work on climate
related stuff
and I thought to myself that is
literally an example of a billionaire
buying government you know because the
Attorney General's that technically
government but it's sort of yeah let's
just call the government it's close
enough even if the Attorney General is
not elected it's close enough or are
they Attorney General's in the states
are all elected right but the point is
that Bloomberg is literally buying
democracy but he's doing it in front of
us now here's a question for you who's
who do you think would be the perfect
Bloomberg vice-president pic I know I
know what you're thinking you're already
thinking ahead well so here's the trick
if you're if you're picking a vice
president you want to pick somebody who
complements you and and fixes some gaps
that you have a new brand so if you have
some holes that need to be plugged
sometimes your vice president could do
that for example let's say you needed
more support from a certain part of the
country you might pick a vice president
who represents or as popular in that
part of the country to try to get those
votes in the case of Bloomberg he's way
too old so that's one of his problems so
he would need somebody younger right
he's the biggest complaints about him
and the things that are starting to
define him are coming from the critics
so there's only so much Bloomberg can do
to define himself the other part of the
job of defining him is what his enemies
are going to say and as enemies have
decided that they're their attack is
going to be on race and misogyny and his
past comments somebody asked me on well
somebody sent me a message yesterday
saying why don't I apply the 20 year
rule to Bloomberg and say well if he did
these things 20 years ago we should just
not count them and internally I do so
but let me say it externally I don't
really care what he did to more than 20
years ago if he did something last year
let's put that in the mix but if you did
something 20 years ago and it was not
only well I don't care I'm not even
gonna make the argument that times were
different I think that's a weak argument
I'm gonna make the stronger argument
that we're not the same people we were
20 years ago so I give I give Bloomberg
the same pass I would give anybody which
is he's not the guy he was 20 years ago
but still his critics are going to
define him as being that guy and
especially the stop-and-frisk stuff so
if he's got a woman problem he's got a
race problem who fixes that who was
young by him Kemal Harris now yeah
everybody knew where I was going with
that
now here's an interesting factoid that I
just learned I don't know if this has
changed but when Harris was still in the
race she was the third best in getting
support from African Americans which I
didn't know so number one and two were
burning and Biden and then the third
best was gamla Harris now if assuming
the Biden isn't going to make it that
would make the number one and two maybe
Kamla and and maybe Bernie
but if Bernie doesn't make it what can
Bloomberg do that would get him the most
automatic black support and this is
important too he's got that
stop-and-frisk thing having somebody who
was who has Komal Harris's background in
law enforcement might maybe that helps a
little bit I don't know maybe it hurts
I'm not sure about that but anyway now
here's another thing if if somebody who
is 78 years old
I think that's Bloomberg's age right so
you should assume you if he won and he
served he would be what 80 to 82 in the
final year and not really you wouldn't
really run for reelection so he'd have
to be running for one term but what do
you even make it one term do you think
that Mike Bloomberg might plan to run
two years and then turn it over to his
vice president because do you think that
Mike Bloomberg thinks we should have an
eighty-year-old president I'm not going
to read his mind but I'm just gonna say
that blue Berg does seem to be a
rational guy all right say what you like
about what he's done right or done wrong
you know I'm not gonna get into the
policies but I would say and you see
this in his is switching from Republican
to Democrat he's sort of a technocrat
meaning he cares about what works more
than he cares about party affiliation or
anything like that so I had some point
I'm just gonna make there but I lost it
so talk about something else I found I
found a really rough week I wake up at
night in screaming pain every night I
mean just horrible abdominal pain and I
don't know what that's about yet so
pardon me I'm not doing a lot of
sleeping and I'm heavily medicated right
now Jeff Bezos put up ten billion
dollars to fight climate change so I I
put this math quiz on on Twitter see if
to see if he can answer the question
Jeff Bezos pledged ten billion of his
own money to address climate change how
much money would Bezos have pledged if
Bernie had eliminated income inequality
now of course there's no specific answer
to that it's just fun to think about but
what would the world look like under a
Bernie perfect world where you don't
have an income inequality well you
wouldn't have a Jeff Bezos so you
wouldn't have somebody giving ten
billion dollars to fight climate change
so I asked this question and I thought
to myself when I posted it
I sure hope no Economist answer this
because then it's going to get
complicated it took about ten seconds
for an economist to answer it Joshua
against a economist I'm familiar with
him we've communicated over the years
over over
Twitter and email and huee he weighs and
he says there would be effectively the
same as the government the government
would have that ten billion in other
words if Bernie were president he would
tax away all that money the government
who have it and then the government
could spend it for climate change so I'm
thinking damn it my clever little tweet
which wasn't meant to be you know to
rigorously mathematical has already been
debunked by an actual working economist
but I'm not done yet no no no just
because Joshua is smart and never
engages in loser think does not mean I
agree with him on all in all cases
so here's where's my response I said
partial credit for a correct short-term
answer the correct long-term answer is
that no one would have any money because
income equality would buy it's by
definition eliminate all personal
incentives to work hard start businesses
can't promote it any that just wouldn't
be any point to any of it so eventually
nobody would have any money so the
government wouldn't have it Jeff Bezos
wouldn't have it so that so the answer
is zero because we would all be a poor
agrarian society but here's the good
news once the economy of the world is
destroyed not much co2 so works out I
guess and then Joshua came back with a
with a criticism of mine thinking that I
changed the game move the goal posts
well I didn't do that intentionally but
my point is that economists economists
tend to debate each other and understand
what the other said so when I made my
case Joshua Gans
made a perfectly rational you know
response to it
I made a response to it that I think he
also understands he made a response that
I understand if he and I you know
debated a few more rounds I think we
would get to some point where we
realized we all agree and that would
probably be the end of it
so that is the opposite of loser think
all right
Bernie has a commercial that he's
playing now in which he's claiming in
his commercial this is like the the
feature point of the commercial is that
he's potentially the quote first Jewish
American president and then this
commercial he evokes and I assume this
is I think this is an approved Bernie ad
he evokes the fine people hoaxes again
the fine people of the most debunked
hoaxes in American politics the the the
belief that President Trump called the
neo-nazis fine people easily debunked
you just have to look at the transcript
look at the full video and realize that
the part people see is an edited out of
context thing is that possible can you
edit things and take them out of context
and turn something into nothing well
let's ask let's ask blue Burke because
Bloomberg recently had a piece of video
taken out of context in which he said in
which he said which he said I wish I
know he once claimed during a television
appearance this is Bloomberg so here's
his quote take it in context so you see
how easily this can be done by getting
rid of the stuff surrounding it he said
that there's quote an enormous cohort of
young black and Latino males who quote
don't know how to behave in the
workplace oh my god is that the most
racist thing you've ever heard in your
life oh my god except that the context
was apparently he was funding some
program directly directly to help people
solve this problem doesn't that change
you completely if all he's saying is hey
it looks like there's some identifiable
group of people who quote don't know how
to behave in the workplace that's
horrible but if you know the context is
he's just funded some massive program to
help people understand how to integrate
into the workplace then you say
oh actually that's kind of good right it
just completely reverses it so so you
can see this all the time it's happened
I know maybe it's happened before or
five times with Bloomberg alone where
his stuff taken out of context reverses
it and it happened with the fine people
hoax because what the president actually
said was the neo-nazis should be
condemned totally you said that directly
and it was still taken out of context
they leave that part out blah blah
so here's points Bernie's got this
commercial in which he's he's making it
a point of his ethnicity now how many
times have I told you the thing that
Barack Obama did right was not running
to be our first black president and that
made it perfectly acceptable for
everybody who wasn't black to say oh
thank god
there's somebody who's not making it
about race let's just judge him on his
qualities he's pretty good and wouldn't
we like to get past this and have a
black president yes we would we would
that's our own personal preference but
don't tell us what we need
don't tell us we need a black president
that's too far let us decide that right
so that's what Obama did it was
brilliant and it worked what Hillary
Clinton did is this at many times she
said a woman would be better for
president at which point a lot of men
said I'm out I'm out you know as soon as
you say that your gender is superior
you're disqualified
Bernie is trying to make in a an
advantage that he would be the first
Jewish American president so let me say
the same thing I said with Hillary
Clinton I'm out I'm out as soon as he
makes it about race or ethnicity it's
not part of the American experience for
me you know as soon as as soon as that's
I don't even he didn't say much about it
other than he would be but still I don't
need that from the candidates I would
love to say that about him myself if you
let me decide I'd say oh that's cool we
got a Jewish American president I'd like
to check that backs too if it's up to me
I'm
be about it but I don't want to be told
to be happy about it do you get the
difference that's completely wrong if
somebody running for president tells me
I should care about his ethnicity I'm
out
so that bothered me but the worst part
is that the only thing good about Bernie
was that he seemed somewhat ethical and
somewhat genuine but his use of the fine
people hoax as his primary attack
vehicle in this ad I think puts the lie
to all of that so Bernie is now he's
he's gone full racist and full liar so
everything that you liked about bernie
is that well at least he's consistent he
doesn't he doesn't get into that
identity politics stuff too much
compared to the other ones and he at
least is playing as straight he doesn't
seem to be lying and and now that's all
changed yeah somebody says he's always
lied but in terms of reputation he had a
cleaner reputation I think than other
people other politicians so I think now
that I'm going to agree with alan
dershowitz who said i think it was
Sunday night on Joel Pollock's radio
program on on the Breitbart radio I
think it was Dershowitz who said that if
Bernie Sanders wins the nomination
Dershowitz who is a registered Democrat
voted for Hillary Clinton it said it
might force him to leave the Democratic
Party in campaign against a nationwide
and I join with Dershowitz in saying
that if Bernie gets the nomination I
will register Republican and I'll vote
for the first time in a while I voted a
long time ago but I haven't voted in a
long time
and I'm not going to be voting for Trump
I mean I will vote for Trump but but the
point of that would be to vote against
Bernie because I think Bernie could
legitimately destroy the country in a
way that a normal politician even a
normal Democrat even a normal Democrat
wouldn't destroy the country I don't
think there's a chance
that Bloomberg would destroy the country
and that's the whole reason he's running
right he doesn't want to destroy the
country
so if Bloomberg gets the nomination I'm
not gonna vote I'm not going to vote
because I'd rather I like to keep that
at least a little crumb of Independence
maybe that's already gone but Bernie I
would consider a national threat he
would be a national threat to actually
everything you could lose everything
with Bernie but you're not going to lose
any everything if it's some other
Democrat if it's Biden or something you
know we won't do as well but you're not
going to lose everything
so I'm anti Bernie to the death because
he crossed the line for me that the the
fine people hoax just just trips my my
wire I mean if you're going to be that
bad then you just can't be President
all right the interesting thing about
Bernie as a candidate is he would be the
first candidate who was hated for being
trying to say this right because it's
confusing he would be the first
candidate who was ever hated by let's
say racists who just hated him because
he was Jewish American so he'd be hated
for being Jewish by some portion of the
population who are racists but he would
also be hated by people who think he's
an anti-semite because his his policies
and opinions about Israel are not where
the most pro-israel people would like it
to be so he's the only candidate who
could be elected who would be hated for
being Jewish and for being anti-jewish
what are the odds of that can you ever
think of a worse candidate somebody
who's hated for by some people the
racists for being Jewish by hated by
other people for not being Jewish enough
I don't think I don't see there's any
way you can win now what's interesting
about this is if yeah well I'm not even
going to go there so I think Bernie is
the weakest candidate but not the most
fun candidate the most fun candidate by
far would be Bloomberg because the
Bloomberg Trump fight would be
billionaire on billionaire it would be a
fair fight it would be dirty fair and
dirty
in other words within politics you
expect a little bit of dirt so that
somehow that seems fair but I think
Trump would destroy them both all right
let's see what else we get Biden so
Biden gets he does a TV interview which
is always a mistake for Biden because
he's mr. gaffe so they usually try to
keep him away from cameras but he said
that white supremacists are very
enthusiastic about Trump that's what
Biden slips in there and thinking I
don't even know a white supremacist like
actually have you ever met a white
supremacist there are definitely raises
there are definitely white nationalists
there are definitely neo-nazis well I
don't think any of those groups I named
think that white people are superior do
you is there a white supremacist
somewhere in the country in the United
States and 2020 who has a television set
and they you know they can see a little
bit outside of their their hovel or
wherever they're living is there anybody
who can turn on the TV and say to
themselves you know I don't think black
people will ever make it in sports and
then they turn on the TV and they're
like oh okay well apparently black
people are good at sports but they're
never going to make it in the arts and
then they turn on the TV like oh okay
well it looks like they're really really
successful in the arts and music and
every form of entertainment so but but
you know there you'll never have a black
person that'll be President
okay Obama was president you know and
you can just go down the line like I've
never met a white supremacist who
thought that that white people are
better than other people have you I mean
seriously
have you ever met anybody I've never
even I've never even seen an interview
recently now you have to throw in
recently because if you go back into our
dark American past yeah you'll find
every bit of every bit of that but in
2020 could you find me one person who
said oh yeah you know this this race is
way better than this race on every
dimension I don't think so I don't think
so no Ann Coulter doesn't think that and
you're going back to Margaret a singer
you have to go back to the past I'm
talking 2020 in 2020 I'm gonna make the
claim that there's no such thing as an
actual white supremacist meaning
thinking that one race is superior to
others you know in all the important
ways I don't think that exists there are
just people who have preferences which
maybe you wish they didn't have but it's
not the Hat anyway so Biden I think he's
just lost in the past in some past where
there were such things as white
supremacists in the in the old-fashioned
way that he thinks that it I and I think
he's cleverly trying to conflate that
term with other terms to add to the bad
news I love the effort going on now to
force Bernie to disavow his own
supporters I don't think it's gonna
happen
but I think it was Biden and maybe
others who are calling friend to to
disavow his Bernie bro supporters who
are misogynistic and whatever else they
are I just love watching the Democrats
tear each other apart
alright here's a here's a thought for
you you know for a while there were
lots of talk about reparations but you
haven't heard about it lately right
during the early parts of the Democratic
primary process you saw some of the
Democrats talking about a yeah I would
do reparations for slavery and but I
haven't heard it lately it feels like it
it dropped off the top ten of things
that people are talking about but let me
just throw out this idea so recently the
Trump administration joined with
Congress and a bipartisan thing so it's
not it's not just a Trump thing but
Trump signed off on it so the
administration usually traditionally
gets credit even if Congress did most of
the work as long as the president says
yes at the end the administration tends
to get some credit for that even if you
think they shouldn't so one of the
things that fits in that category is
that the president signed a bipartisan
bill back in December that will
permanently provide more than 250
million a year to the nation's
historically black universities along
with dozens of other institutions that
serve larger shares of minority students
now if the government and our Congress
decides to put 250 million a year toward
primarily black interests and black
education in particular higher education
and I think the emphasis here is on stem
type programs so there's you know
there's a real interest to get the
higher paying jobs you know cranked up
here so is that not reparations is that
not reparations now apparently it's
bipartisan so Republicans and Democrats
both looked at it and said you know now
bad you know the trouble with doing
something that's more traditionally
reparations meaning you you cut a check
like was done with the
japanese-americans who are held in
internment camps in World War two they
just got a check which covered almost
nothing compared to what they lost in
many cases but that's not really
practical with slavery reparations
because
got all the people who were here when it
happened you've you've got yeah what
about people were black but they came in
after slavery they came from other
countries you know there's going to be
it would be impossible to just write
checks so that's never going to happen
but uh if you may recall that I once not
too long ago a few years ago I was
writing blogging about where we could do
reparations in a way that would make
everybody happy
which would be funding college for black
students with some kind of favoritism
and that's what this is so it's a
favoritism for black students and other
minorities in which they get some
favorable funding from the government so
that they have high-level institutions
now does this does this matter
is it enough well I would note that com
lares came out of one of those colleges
so it's clear that those colleges are
producing leaders and I would say this
is a really really strong approach to
something like reparations so here's the
fun part think of the things that Trump
has done for for the black community
including the opportunity zones I think
Tim Scott was kind of in charge of that
or so so there are I may be using the
wrong thing special opportunity zones or
something but it's basically again it's
government funding for disadvantaged
areas which are primarily black and
minority areas so we have two areas in
which the government is very directly
funding very large amounts of money to
black interests that you could say
that's not reparations but I think
that's just word thinking because it
looks exactly like reparations to me the
best you could do since you couldn't
write checks to everybody there's no way
to do that all right let's talk about
something else does it seem to you that
Trump is the only one who's who is
working on unity well the Democrats are
working desperately to divide us just
just keep that in mind as you're
watching because I just gave
some examples where Trump you know and
you could throw in prison reform and
other things law unemployment rates so
President Trump is continuously doing
things which are obviously designed to
bring people together in the United
States and the Democrats are obviously
doing the opposite they're very
obviously doing the opposite all right
the Boy Scouts of America filed for
bankruptcy amid a surge in legal costs
over his handling of sexual abuse
allegations now this story the actual
details of the story yeah I'm not
interested in I mean they're important
and you know they can't be swept under
the rug of course but just for our
purposes today the actual details of
those cases I'm not too interested in
here's what I'm interested in incentives
work every time you see a situation in
which there's a clear incentive to do
one thing versus the other you should
expect that that's going to make a
difference and if you create a national
organization which by its nature pairs
adult men with otherwise unsupervised
young people eventually that
organization is going to attract not
just good dads and good moms who just
want to help out well it's going to
attract more than its share of people
who say are you kidding that's exactly
what I want
the people who have bad intentions and
just want to have access to children
really so every time I see somebody
who's a you know a coach for some Youth
League or something like that there's
always a little bell that goes off of my
head which says I hope they just want to
help I hope they just want to help but
what I use is the shoe salesman analogy
and it goes like this and by the way I
have no evidence that this is
just think you threw my belief is that
the industry of shoe salesperson has
existed for a long time and over time
you would expect that it would attract
more than its share of people who kinda
liked feet and shoes more than the
average if you know what I mean so in
theory
sooner or later most or all male shoe
sales people should have a little love
of shoes I'm trying to keep this g-rated
but you know what I mean right so
overtime incentives always work just
keep that in mind all right
I saw trending on Twitter
the name Kenan Thompson and Kenan
Thompson is comedian from Saturday live
member of the cast for a long time and
as soon as I saw it was trending I
thought oh no another tragic death of a
comedian whose whose left is too young
when I click on it it turns out it
wasn't any bad news he got the job of
hosting the White House Correspondents
Dinner
so congratulations to Kenan Thompson but
was funny as I read the comments on the
hashtag and it was funny how many people
had the same the same first thought
people people were clicking on that like
crazy to find out oh my god I hope he I
hope he's okay and he's okay so how
often do you get good news it's like hey
Kenan Thompson you know congratulations
you got a good job and you're healthy as
far as we know did you see the video of
the Sanders was giving his speech I
guess in Nevada and a young woman came
up and grabbed the microphone away from
them and then another young woman or two
of them were came up and took their tops
off and dumped pink colored milk on them
because they were protesting dairy the I
guess the horrible dairy industry they
were protesting and so Sanders when the
first young woman tried to grab the
microphone way he just let her have it
and he and he stood back and he let his
security do what his security does and
they you know they took care of it
you know in a reasonable manner
professional manner so on one hand you
could say oh you know actually Sanders
handled that perfectly because he
avoided any conflict he got that out of
the way and he let the professionals who
were there for that purpose the security
do the job and then they did it but
that's not how it looked
unfortunately it looked like a weak weak
leader because he just got basically a
young woman just pushed him off the
stage and took control and he let it
happen
so logically he did the right thing and
I really think he did just getting out
of the way
but the look didn't serve his purpose as
a made him look weak but then he did he
made some good jokes about the free
entertainment so I think he recovered a
little bit from that and I thought to
myself if I were a political operative
and let's say let's say I were a
political operative who was working for
birdie but I was I was the dirty tricks
person what would be the best dirty
trick that you could pull that looks
like it's against Sanders but would work
in his favor would it be the suggestion
that there might be female nudity at his
next rally because I think that would
increase his crowd size and we're all
just the fact that it made it more
interesting it is going to make some
people say well that might happen again
right so if they can make that happen
twice I'm not saying it was a dirty
trick it was probably just a real
grassroots movement but if it was a
dirty trick and they could make it what
happened twice in a row
by the third time Sanders is going to
have a record crowd so I think that
would be hilarious all right
I had a couple other things to talk
about that I think I'm not going to I'm
already in enough trouble
so here's an update I think I told you
that I've been working with Google their
team that handles the YouTube D
monetization stuff when these videos go
over to the YouTube for replay you can
also watch them on periscope for replay
but I put them on YouTube as well and
they usually get demonetised based on
keywords so the algorithm just picks out
keywords today's presentation doesn't
have a chance of being monetized because
has so many bad keywords in it that in
the way I presented them there was
nothing bad about him I hope I don't
think there was anything I said they was
even controversial today but it will be
d monetized and I'm still working
through that just so you know somebody
says you probably have been quote
working with Google ok I don't know what
that means he has so the other story
that Joel broke on his radio
show
Breitbart radio with Dershowitz the
Dershowitz is apparently going to reveal
sometime in the near future based on
some I know some legal cases can be
filed or whatever that Soros once asked
Obama to investigate somebody I think
that's the story but I would say that's
a wait and see I wouldn't I wouldn't put
any weight on that until you see the
details because that's either a big deal
or no deal and even darshan would said
it's not that unusual for people to
whisper to presidents and you know say
hey you know you don't look into this
all right somebody says will Comey
Brennan and or clapper be indicted
I would guess no at this point and the
weird thing is I don't know that there
will ever be a reason
do you I just don't know that we'll ever
see a reason that they're not indicted I
think it just won't happen so I almost
had
tulsi tulsi gabbard on this periscope
yesterday no I almost had her on Friday
but I couldn't schedule it because she
couldn't do it at this time and I
couldn't do it over time so they they
did circle back and tried to do that but
I couldn't schedule Bloomberg de Blasio
ticket no got anything on McCabe so
McCabe will not be charged and honestly
I don't really understand the
differences between one person lying to
Congress relying to the FBI I just don't
know what makes one illegal and one not
by will I will observe that there
doesn't seem to be a standard way that
that rule is applied somebody says then
what is durham doing well I don't know
what Durham is doing I just predict that
you're not going to see those guys that
you mentioned indicted got lots of
questions here
all right what the leveraging Bernie I
don't know about that a story all right
I think that's all I got for today and I
will talk to you tomorrow