Sunday version of coffee with Scott
Adams I'm Scott Adams this is my coffee
you probably have something like this
too might be a different beverage but
I'll bet you have it in a cup or a mug
or a glass or a Stein probably a chalice
maybe a thermos but it's time now to
join me for the simultaneous it raise
your mug your glass your thermos and
join me good stuff so I keep hoping for
different news you know a little bit of
new news something something we haven't
already talked about but it appears that
that's not gonna happen so let's talk
more about the government to reopening
and border wall security now I heard
Rick Santorum say something on CNN with
Anderson Cooper that was it's one of
those things that makes you feel bad
because you didn't already think of it
so I tweeted it so some of you have
already seen it
but think of it of how mad you are that
you didn't think of saying what Rick
Santorum said and here's what he said he
said that that if you're blaming Trump
for keeping the government closed you
can't also blame him and say he's doing
the wrong thing by opening it or to put
it in his words yes if not doing what
Nancy Pelosi wanted was wrong and then
he does the reverse it gives Nancy
Pelosi of what she wants which is
opening the government they can't both
be wrong and I watched if you watch the
clip that's great because Kirsten powers
and Maggie Abram and who are you know
big anti choppers they're sitting there
listening to that to thinking
yeah that's sort of a point I don't know
how to argue against it can't be wrong
if you're not doing a thing and then
when you do the thing that you're still
wrong both ways
if it really exposes what's going on
which is that there's some kind of horse
race thing going on has nothing to do
with the good of the country etc so I
thought that was kind of brilliant
here's the other thing I'm thinking
about the what people are saying is
caving the president is carrying he's
caving
he's caving in and I'm thinking if you
were playing a chess game and you
sacrificed a pawn would the people
watching the chess game say he caved in
he caved he caved in whoo
we celebrate celebrate or with the
people who know how to play chess and
say you probably want to wait till the
game is over because that chess will
that porn was not very important so do
you remember when the president was a
candidate Trump was running for
president and what he was running for
president he said if you elect me I will
close the government and not pay 800,000
people do you remember when the
president promised us he would do that
now he didn't nobody promised that
nobody probably stood it at all so if he
reopens the government that's not
exactly a big thing because closing it
was never a promise opening it was never
a promise none of these things were
terribly close to the thing that people
wanted when they elect them which was
better border security now here's the
other thing there's another cognitive
blind spot here that in a way is
hilarious and I think it's a blind spot
but it could be just the other side
trying to
persuasive and acting like they can't
see the obvious but here's the setup
the Trump supporters say they want a
wall and want a wall but it's also true
correct me if this is you know if you
disagree but hasn't President Trump that
said from the beginning that it's not
one long continued continuous wall but
that there would be you know smart
choices based on where you put large
structures etc and then it would be a
variety of solutions is it not true that
President Trump has been saying that
from the beginning now he has D
emphasized that for persuasion purposes
he'll just call it the wall but when
he's pressed consistently and every time
he'll say no no not a wall 100% of the
way so that's always been true and I'm
pretty sure that his base has at least
you know in the past year or so has
certainly heard it that way they've
heard that was never meant to be a
continuous solid concrete wall now if
the president promised better border
security in the form of a wall and he
doesn't get that but what he gets is an
expert panel who says for the amount of
money that we can get whatever it is
five billion or somewhere in that in
that range whatever that turns out to be
the best way to secure the border is to
allocate this five billion dollars the
following way some of it more skimming
maybe you do something with having some
judges you know because everybody agrees
fewer kids in cages and in a better
system would be good for everybody
and they might say and they might say
that what the experts are going to
deliver assuming that they're really
experts is the most cost effective way
to give voters what they wanted when
they said we want a wall
so how hard is it for Trump to sell the
following the following proposition to
his base I promised you a wall we got a
lot of money and the experts said we can
give you something better than a wall
for the same five billion we'll build
something that's far more far more
suited for the terrain far more focused
far better use of the money because you
don't want to be building a wall in
places that no wall is needed how hard
will it be for Trump to sell to his base
a better solution a better solution
unambiguously better solution than what
he promised so the democrats have
decided that they're in the the
victorious lane now because they forced
the president into accepting a better
engineering solution for what he wanted
that looks like where we're headed it
looks like at the end of this there will
be some money allocated there will
probably be some other comprehensive you
know elements of immigration that might
be handled at the same time we'll see
but nothing really cared about that much
so it seems to be that the inevitable
direction of this is that experts will
say you wanted a wall here's something a
little bit better and the Democrats are
saying how are you how is he possibly
going to explain to his base that he
spent the money better than he promised
and got a more effective solution
because he listened to the experts
is that really problem that's the
problem is that's kind of the problem I
want yeah I've heard the phrase somebody
just said smart wall I as the president
used the phrase smart wall that's
something somebody else is saying
because it kind of works it kind of
works
smart wall
is sort of what we're gonna get and I
don't think that's a terrible
explanation of it now here's the next
point that I need in the tweets and I
made yesterday president Trump has never
been competing against Nancy Pelosi
that's not the that's not the comparison
that makes sense he's trying to work
with her and she's not she's not helping
which is different from competing with
her you know if I used this example
yesterday if I hire a plumber and the
plumber doesn't fix my leak you would
not say that the plumber competed with
me and won you wouldn't say that you'd
say I hired a guy who didn't do his job
the president there's a higher rank than
the Speaker of the House he's trying to
get her to do her job in a way that he
wants and she's not she's not coming
through that's not winning that's not
doing your job so and then I've said
provocatively that the real the real
comparison that you have to make here is
when voters said we choose Trump over
Clinton in the election a big reason
they did that is that Trump's version of
border security and immigration was the
one they liked compared to the Hillary
Clinton version does anybody believe
that if Hillary Clinton was president we
would get as much of whatever is going
to come out of this as much immigration
spending and as much of an emphasis on
it does anybody believe that because you
would have to believe that Hillary
Clinton would have done as well or
better than president Trump getting
border security of some form some kind
of smart wall or any other kind of
improvement
somebody says wrong good argument wrong
so a number of people came to me and
said Scott how ridiculous you can't
compare a plan like president Trump's
plan
to an imaginary president you can't
compare him to an imaginary present no
CEO somebody said on Twitter this
morning no CEO is compared to an
imaginary CEO who doesn't have the job
to which I say yes they are
every time every CEO is compared all the
time to the CEO you have in your mind
the one that the one that's the other
one and the moment that CEO that you
have is in your opinion less good than
the CEO that could have had the job the
imaginary one you fire the CEO every
time that CEO is always competing
against the imaginary CEO they're not
competing against the CEO is not
competing against the secretary not
competing against the you know the
people in Quality Assurance the CEO is
only competing against your imagination
of what another CEO would do in the same
situation that's it if I give you a
proposal for an investment and let's say
I'm in a big company and I say one spend
a million dollars and we want to do it
this way the first thing your boss says
if your boss is qualified is what's the
second best thing we could do for this
let's say in the same domain to solve
the problem and then you say the second
best thing the second best thing is
imaginary does this the one you're not
going to do and the proposal that you
you've made is also imaginary when
you're when you're considering proposals
you're always comparing two imaginary
propositions that's the only way it's
done people are telling me you can't
compare imaginary things to which I say
now that's the only thing you can do
because we're talking about the future
the future hasn't happened if you're
comparing plans for the future they're
always imaginary that's it there's no
exception to that there's no such thing
as a real plan that's happened in the
future that's why it's the future so
when people say to me no no you can't
compare a President Trump to the
imaginary situation where Hillary
Clinton became president I say if you
learn how to compare things let's say
you took economics let's say you have an
MBA a lot of people with engineering
degrees will confirm that this is true
it's the only comparison that makes
sense
President Trump now - what you would
have gotten if you voted for the other
candidate that's the only comparison
that is smart relevant and coherent and
said somebody says I'm moving the
goalposts
all right here's why that's dumb okay so
so what somebody saying is oh oh you're
moving the goalposts because now you're
saying you're comparing him to an
imaginary person I have always said this
right so you can't compare what I'm
saying to what people who were not me
have said at different times who had
different goal posts you can't compare
my consistent goalposts there from day
one has always been comparing a
president to the imaginary president is
something I've said in public it is
literally written in my book that I just
handed in in the first draft it has
always been my preferred way somebody
says goalposts move yet again try to
listen try to focus a little bit harder
on my words my goalpost has never moved
it has always been the only smart
comparison just to the president you
didn't get if this president gets more
security than what you think you would
have gotten from the other one that's
the only goalposts I've ever had so if
your complaint is that someone who is
not me had a different opinion you're
not really in the logical conversation
here because I'm not really responsible
for the opinions of strangers I will
acknowledge that strangers had different
goal posts than mine which have always
been the same okay we get rid of you so
when you when you hear me say stuff like
this you can see the critics coming in
and they're just so mad but they don't
have reasons do they if you're accusing
me of moving the goal posts you're a
very thin ice because what you're trying
to do is compare my goal posts that have
always been saying to some stranger I'm
not responsible for somebody else's goal
post why would I be now would it have
been fun if President Trump had
prevailed that Nancy Pelosi had said my
god I can't keep this government closed
one more day the pressure is too hard I
give you your budget and here's your
wall that would have been cool and
unambiguously I would have sat under
that into the situation hey I guess he
did a good job of negotiating there but
president Trump never promised us an
open or closed government president
Trump never said if you elect me I will
defeat Nancy Pelosi in a immaterial
contest
it was never my goal post it was fun to
watch and I would have enjoyed it if
it'd go in a different way but the way
it went
gets us to this current situation here's
the part that the pundits and the
anti-trump is especially somebody's
calling this BS suspend I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry for the people who think this
this is spin if if you think you'd spend
you're gonna have to answer to why is it
that all economists and MBAs would
compare things the same way I am why is
it that my goal posts have never changed
fact is you know it's written and I've
talked about a long time and you would
also have to explain why I've been
saying since maybe some of you have a
better idea how long I've been saying
how long I've been saying that the only
way this would end up is with the
engineers you could say the experts but
the experts the engineers are the same
working group essentially how long have
I been saying that this is where it
would end up so because I'm the one who
predicted it and as far as I know the
first person in the world to say that
this is definitely going to go to some
expert group does it's the only way to
get out of the political argument you
have to move it over to the the
technocrats engineers don't break
budgets yes
in all caps so somebody says Engineers
don't make budgets and finally that's a
good question so finally I get a
criticism that's a good criticism now
here's my answer to this working group
is going to be a combination of experts
about border security engineers who know
what things cost and what's the best way
to do things and then political people
who will be the primary ones who are
negotiating the budget the experts will
give them a range of a range of options
if you spend this much this is what I'll
get you if you can spend this much I'll
get you this if you spend this much I'll
get you this
so whoever said Engineers don't come up
with the budget you're absolutely right
the engineers come up with with the cost
and then the political people are going
to have to decide how much of that cost
they want to commit to if they commit to
this much they're going to get this much
wal if they commit to this much to get
this much wall but in every case it's
the engineers and the experts will tell
you what's the reasonable way to spend
that much money so yes you're right the
the budget decisions political decision
all right yeah and people keep yelling
at me but the engineers can't do it
alone
you have to have experienced Border
Patrol people and of course that's true
the correct people to have in the room
are engineers
border security experts that people
actually do the job of border security
and the politicians were going to make
some budget decisions those are the ones
who should have been in the room all
along and it was obvious that we would
eventually get here I'm the only person
who told you this is where we would end
up so if you telling me I'm moving the
goalposts
these that might goal posts all along I
am NOT going to take responsibility for
anybody else's bad guesses about what's
going on wall is permanent so some
people are saying that the wall is
better because the wall is permanent
versus and the other thing you do that's
not a wall would be not permanent have
you heard of a gate there's no such
thing as a permanent wall there's no
such thing as a permanent wall if the
next administration wants people to not
be stopped by a wall do you think
they're going to say to themselves
my dad we built a wall but what we
really want is people to get through it
I can't imagine any way to fix this
maybe open the door
maybe stop trying to stop them when they
climb over maybe let them leave in a
ladder against both sides a wall doesn't
stop anybody unless the human beings
wanted to right it's not the physical
wall that stops everybody it's the
physical wall plus the humans who want
the world to work if the human said yeah
we built a wall but we don't really want
it to work it wouldn't that's the same
day that the government said we have a
wall but we really don't care about it
working
the the immigrants would come up with
ropes and ladders they were throw it
over the wall and they would just leave
those ropes and ladders there because
the only thing that stops people from
going over wall is you know rigging up
some way to get over it that isn't
immediately taken down by humans if the
humans want people to get over a wall
someday in the future they just won't
take down the ladders they just won't
remove the ropes
they just won't lock the doors
it's easy to let people through a wall
so perhaps that somebody says walzwerk
you're out you're such a different
conversation yeah of course walls work
in terms of creating friction of course
they do but they only work if the people
who built the wall are doing the human
part of making the wall work short of
that the walls do not work and citizens
can overcome the state and remove the
ladders I suppose I suppose citizens
could do that but inevitably if the
government stops enforcing border
security it's not going to help you that
a wall is there
it just won't people will just go
somewhere there's no wall all right
border security is a dead issue and
nothing's going to change
well let me ask you this if we get maybe
somebody can in fact check me on this
the reason Trump is asking for 5.7
billion in the budget and the reason
it's being resisted correct me if I'm
wrong is that it is not the normal
maintenance level of just the ordinary
improvements to the wall am I wrong that
the 5.7 billion is is by everybody's
understanding more than would have
happened if the baseline budget had just
continued and they
some you know ordinary maintenance in
there that probably isn't the budget so
what Hillary Clinton had said oh we need
more than just baseline maintenance
that's already in the budget let's add
another 5.7 billion I don't think so
probably not
and when we're talking about the two
hundred miles of new security how
important is that on a 2,000 mile border
it's only 200 miles well here's how I
would look to the 8020 rule to answer
this first of all half of the border
probably you couldn't put a wall there
anyway because there are mountains under
there's there water hazards so you're
really talking about a thousand miles so
you're talking about 200 miles that
you're improving and of a thousand miles
of that thousand miles we should assume
that much of it is already secure at
least the parts that were the most
important I would imagine that the 200
miles that need extra help are the most
critical on the border because why else
would they put it there unless those are
the critical places so probably there's
an 8020 rule going on that if they if
they do a good job and they twenty
percent of the border that's problem
that's the biggest problem they'll get
about 80 percent of the benefit so does
it make sense to spend you know 20
percent to get an 80 percent benefit
yeah of course of course it does talking
about the Starbucks guy yeah so I forget
his name the Schultz Howard Schultz CEO
founder of Starbucks is reportedly
considering a third party rotten and if
he did people think it will suck off
votes from the Democrats and cause them
to lose again and I thought
I don't see it happening it's Howard
Schultz not Charles Schultz I don't see
it happening because I I don't see a
world in which Schultz can be so popular
for creating Starbucks right it's a
pretty popular thing to be the founder
of Starbucks I don't see him going from
the popular founder of Starbucks to the
guy who got Trump re-elected do you
think he wants to do that I just don't
see it happening
now I suppose it falls into the category
of anything can happen now if I were him
I would make the following calculation
the calculation would go like this
Trump you can hold Trump to 30% of the
vote you could hold maybe the Democrats
to 30% of out and he could still win so
I think the only way he would get in as
a third party is if he thought he could
he could split both parties so if he did
some polling and he said oh I can take I
can take enough of the Republicans that
I can actually degrade both sides and
have a plurality now if he thinks that
that's that would be to me it seems
highly unrealistic I will say it was an
Andhra gang I don't know well did he
phone is Andrew yang the founder of
Yahoo oh is McAfee campaigning
yeah yeah a lot might depend on Ruth
Gaynor bins from Ginsberg because if if
she isn't healthy enough to go on that
is going to definitely focus everybody's
attention on the Supreme Court let me
let me ask you this
so at the end of this three weeks or in
my opinion it will probably get extended
again so I don't think the three weeks
is going to hold I think it'll get
extended at the end of it is there
anybody who thinks we'll have worse
border security than before we started
here's what voters are going to look at
when they look at Trump yeah tell me
which part of this is unlikely okay
which part of this is unlikely its 2020
where you're getting ready for the vote
in the re-election and the president's
president's supporters know the
following things to be true number one
thing that's true yes that this
president promised them tight border
security in the form of a wall that's
true
next thing is true is that he gambled
all of his political capital to get it
done let me say that again while we
watched this president who other people
say is obsessed with popularity you know
just check that assumption right this
president who is critics say is obsessed
with being liked and being popular
gambled his entire legacy and his
reelection on this one promise true or
false the president gambled to
everything right in front of us and
intentionally to deliver this one thing
now do you think that his do you think
that his base hasn't noticed the risk
that he took to deliver this succeed or
fail it looks to me obvious that he
gambled at all he didn't leave anything
on the table he gambled it all now in
terms of effort could he ask for more
than that well of course you want him to
succeed right you would like to him to
get everything maybe he thought he
should have done something a little bit
differently but on this on one dimension
of did he put his skin in the game did
he gamble his entire legacy his personal
fortune in a sense you know his
reputation his brand did he gamble it
all to give his base the thing he
promised him the answer is yes he
gambled it all because that's why the
the Democrats are fighting us so so hard
they're not really fighting it because
of the issue
the Democrats as has been well reported
Democrats like border security - you
know maybe in a different way but
they're not fundamentally
philosophically opposed to border
security
they're very opposed to the personality
of the president and his success so the
president gambled it all right in front
of you put it all on the line now no
matter what you think about the wall of
border security I just don't think you
could argue that point he put it all on
the line he gambled everything he had
built his entire life to deliver this
one promise nice that's the first thing
I think I think he can sell that because
it's just on the big your Sleater we
gambled it all a gamble it's a gamble it
might be the wrong word I would say he
may be gambled but he he put his skin in
the game and he put everything at risk
yeah he risked it all right better
better where his wrists he risked it all
to deliver the promise
how many politicians have done that when
it was the last time you saw a
politician who said maybe not explicitly
but saying well I made this promise
during during the campaign and I'm just
gonna gamble it all on this yeah I think
maybe you Obama and Obamacare possibly
that's a good good analogy sorry I
wouldn't I would not deny that Obama did
the same thing with Obamacare but maybe
not is not as dangerous and not as big a
risk that's that's the first thing
here's the second thing at the end of
this process will people will reasonable
people say even the critics will
reasonable people say at whatever is the
end of this problem this this process
that the president improved border
security in any cost-effective way
probably yes
I don't see any scenario where he
doesn't get substantially more money
something in the low billions and that
they do something that the experts
endorse that is actually more efficient
and a better use of money than the wall
so here are the three things people are
going to know he risked at all for the
voters they voted for me risked at all
everything everything he cares about
according to his critics he put it all
on the line for this one promise it was
that important to he will get more than
Hillary Clinton would have gotten and
three the specific form of what he gets
will be by even his critics opinion a
better solution a better use of the
money than what he promised so he's
going to put it all on the line he's
going to have something that looks like
substantial improvement border security
and he will be able to reasonably argue
that even his critics agree he delivered
a better solution than he promised
which of that is wrong which part of
that isn't not true
now of course the Assumption here is
that they wouldn't have this working
group unless they unless they plan to
get something that wasn't going to
happen anyway
right it may not be 5.7 it may be more
money for scanning than it is for walls
but if the experts say that's how to
spend the money is Trump going to go to
his base and say well the experts said
we should do it this way and that would
give us the most bang for the buck
reducing crime reducing immigration so I
decided to agree with the experts is his
base gonna say no I wanted a wall
because I'm so dumb I cannot accept a
superior solution when it's offered the
the big assumption the big assumption
that the critics are making is that
Trump supporters are so dumb they will
not accept a superior solution do you
think that's true do you think that
Trump's supporters are so dumb that when
the experts say a wall will get you
something but it's very expensive and
these other solutions this bag of
solutions including better scamming and
some other things is actually a better
use of the money this is basically say
no we are experts at walls we we are so
smart we're smarter than the experts on
border security and we should we should
build a wall instead will they if
somebody says yes well the answer of
course is in sub wealth so some
percentage of his supporters will
actually be that dumb but I'll think
most of them I don't think most of them
will be that done
I said we'll find out now hood president
Trump sell his base if he hasn't let's
say a year to work on him before the
next election if he has over a year to
work on him can he convince them that a
smart wall is better than a dumb wall
and can he convince them that there's
more border security than there would
have been and can he convince them that
listening to the experts and putting the
money where it makes the most difference
was smarter than just by building a big
dumb wall I think that's the easiest
sale anybody made ok
it's the easiest sale anybody could ever
make all right what about the State of
the Union State of the Union I guess is
just a wait and see so Bernie Sanders is
apparently good run for president he
doesn't have a chance but you know the
thing I tweeted I think yesterday is you
can never underestimate the ability of
the Democrats to shoot themselves in the
foot so when we're trying to when we're
trying to imagine what's it going to
look like when it comes to the election
day and it's Trump versus whoever the
Democratic candidate is aren't you
imagining that the Democrats just sort
of don't make any big mistakes they just
pick their best person you know that
person doesn't make any guy Ganic
mistakes and then they go into the
election and then but your imagination
of President Trump is that there will be
all these you know weaknesses that
they'll rub against what happened what
happened this week when president Raman
showed respect for Pelosi respect for
the house and actually agreed with them
to open the government get back to
negotiating and do what reasonable
people wanted him to do he's working
pretty hard
it looks like it looks to me that the
president has changed his approach for
the election let me put it this way when
he was running for election being
outrageous was an advantage okay let me
say that again
when he was first running for election
had never been president the more
outrageous he was it was sort of an
advantage because he got all the
attention sucked all the attention away
from competitors etc now he will have
been the president for a full term by
election day it's a different game and
it's a different persuasion set of
variables as president his best play is
to be less outrageous and to be more
standard so with somebody say he caved
you're coming in late so when somebody
says our president negotiated with
Pelosi and then decided that the humane
thing to do would be to open the
government do you say to yourself my god
that wild band he agreed with the
Speaker of the House and he opened the
government because it's humane and most
smart people thought it was about time
to do it who is going to say that's a
problem right the most dangerous thing
that Trump could do between now and
Election Day just act normal the most
dangerous thing you do is just act
normal
do you know to to ratchet down here's
you know DEFCON 10 level of
flight-or-fight instinctive that people
have been in for the last several years
just dial it down it's the strongest
play because the biggest complaint about
Trump is he's a big ol crazy
unpredictable impulsive
you know madness if he gives us if he
gives us 18 months of not being crazy
impulsive madman who looks to be a
dictator if he just doesn't be that
person for 18 months it's good to be
tough for Democrats to have something to
run on
because what did they get a run on kinda
just health care and the health care
problem is that nobody knows how to do
it all right there's no there's no
there's no way to make the you know the
money worked now if I were running for
president and especially if I were
running as a Republican but I think I
would do the same if I ran this
independent to where I ran as a Democrat
if I ran for president I would probably
run as a Democrat which you're gonna
hate but I probably would and only
because it easier to win and I would say
the following about health care I think
that in our modern world we should make
it a goal that we don't know how to
achieve that's the important part we
don't know how to achieve it and we
can't get there just by raising taxes
but we should make it a goal to get as
close as we can to 100% health care
coverage for all citizens now I think
that the way to get there is through you
know regulation changes more competition
startups who are lowering the cost of
things etc there are a whole bunch of
devices now you can connect your
smartphone to do everything from EKGs to
blood tests to you can do you can test
your oxygen your blood your EKG a whole
bunch of stuff so the cost of doctoring
is going to be potentially dropping fast
and the government could be part of
encouraging that without actually
creating a department or anything but
just putting attention attention to
where attention helps in the capitalist
system the capitalist system so in my
view the the most forward-looking thing
to do is to say that sort of a moving
shot we don't know how to get there but
it should be our goal as a just humane
society to take care of each other
at least where it comes to health care
now you don't want to go socialists
because we know that does work and it
turns you into that as well right so
there's nobody here who says it's
probably nobody on this periscope we're
saying yeah you full socialism nothing
like that if the only way you could get
to universal health care is just by
raising taxes to you know thirty two
trillion dollars more or whatever it is
then I would say it doesn't work so it's
not my suggestion that we do it a way
that doesn't work the suggestion is we
figured out a way to make it work and
nobody's figured that out yet but I
don't believe that is undoable let me
just say I think it's doable I think we
could get there by being smart and it
might take a while but it should be it
should be a crystal clear goal whether
you're Republican independent or anybody
else that you would like without paying
for it without without it coming into
your pocket you should want your fellow
citizens to have good health care and I
think you do right you just don't want
to pay for it so how can we get there
without you paying for it and maybe even
here's the good part maybe even your
costs would go down too because if you
can figure it out if the government can
figure out how to get low-cost health
care to people who can't afford it that
almost certainly is going to lower your
costs as well because you know whatever
it does the lower costs for poor people
will probably lower costs for rich
people as well for example if somebody
invents a gazillion dollars and if
somebody figures out how to make one for
a fraction of that that helps poor
people but it also helps people who were
paying for health health insurance so
the the best way to help the poor or the
low-income get health care is to make it
cheaper for everybody know you want that
you should want that right it could be
that capitalism will get us there but I
think the government needs the
far more far more part of the process
without creating a new bureaucracy part
of the process by putting a light on it
it doesn't cost the government much to
focus on things in focus because
probably what would get you there the
insurance companies yeah there's there's
probably a lot one can do by changing
regulations and rules and getting rid of
artificial constraints and that sort of
thing now I think I told you that I was
in favor of New York City apparently New
York City who's the mayor bilasa de
Blasio is wants to have universal health
care within this city and you know that
Gavin Newsom wants to have universal
health care in California that's
probably a much bigger task but I'm
totally in favor of somebody trying it
whether it's New York City that's
probably a good choice actually whether
it's New York City or some other smaller
city I'd like to see somebody try it let
me give you some anecdotes to tell you
what what it looks like to drive down
health care costs I've been involved and
I'll give you details but I've been
involved lately with situations in which
the biggest part of the healthcare
problem for a person was to figure out
what the heck is going wrong right so
the biggest problem that might take
years in both of these cases it took
years for somebody to find out what
their real problem is what is the real
thing that's causing the problem I've
been having for years and this seems to
me that if we got enough people tracking
their health care data as well as their
their lifestyle choices that you would
be able to spot oh I have this problem
and all the people who drink grapefruit
juice while jogging 10-mile
today have the same stomach problem so
you can find out I mean that's a
ridiculous example but if you have
enough data about people with just their
lifestyle choices and their outcomes
your you'll be able to eventually mine
that data and find out wait a minute
there are all these people have exactly
the same problem I do and when you look
for what we have in common we just found
it we also have let's say this you know
this blood blood test comes out a
certain way you plus we're you know + or
certain age you know there would be a
certain number of maybe genes right so
we're approaching the point where
information should lower our health care
costs substantially I mean maybe if I
had to put a number of it better
information would probably lower our
health poor choice health care choices
by 40% is that does that seem like too
much think think how often you take meds
that turned out not to be the right ones
and you just get rid of that because you
have a better idea what are the right
ones suppose you know you go to the
doctor ten times to figure out what you
could have gotten on one try if you had
better data so probably something like
forty percent of all our healthcare
costs are involved in information and
that information is definitely going to
improve so I do think ok let me let me
give you let me give you an example of a
government effort that could lower
health care costs potentially suppose
the government made a big push on the
information side and it might be working
with you know Amazon and
and Berkshire Hathaway and and chase
whatever they call it now so I might be
working with one of these big companies
that is good with data and in figure you
know having get enough people tracking
their data suppose the government sent
this all right let's put it this way
suppose the government said it is going
to be a government planned to get the
universal health care but without
raising anybody's taxes but we're gonna
we're going to do everything clever and
weekend to get there we just don't know
how but it but it's like a moonshot
we're gonna figure it out we're just not
going to raise your taxes I suppose the
government said all right
we could probably lower everybody's
healthcare costs if more of you were
tracking your lifestyle and health
outcomes if you get enough people
voluntarily doing it you will all have
better outcomes if the government said
that that said look here are the ways
you can track it you know it's not us
it's not a government tracking and the
government actually might not even have
anything to do with it but suppose the
government said we all want to get here
here's one way you can really help how
many Americans would immediately go out
and get a Fitbit and get some kind of a
diary get an app and start tracking
their health care outcomes if the
government that said it's an important
like it's a patriotic thing to do and we
should all be working in this direction
and this is something that you can do
right away just track all your outcomes
a lot of people are doing
you don't need everybody to do it
somebody says Big Brother no big brother
would be mandatory what I'm suggesting
is that the government says we'd love it
if more of you would volunteer but it's
not mandatory if you do volunteer we'll
get enough data that we can have better
better health outcomes at a low cost
all right only health-conscious people
would do it I think you could get enough
of everybody why can't poor people have
yeah and if it's if it's optional poor
people don't have to have fitbit's and
poor people don't have to be monitoring
anything somebody says it's not
mandatory until it becomes mandatory
would that be true for everything are
you afraid of everything that's optional
because it might become mandatory and if
it did become mandatory would you really
hate it I don't know about the tracking
apps offering the option to share it
with the government I don't even know if
it's the government you want to share it
with you know I suppose no matter who
has it the government can get to it so
the carrot the government can get to
anybody's database so it doesn't matter
if the government has it I guess they
can get to it
23 and be tried and the government stop
them you know I I did the 23andme if you
haven't done this is really fascinating
I did the 23andme test and they
continued to send me updates because
they're learning more about what it
means to have my set of genes so
everyone someone will send an update and
said oh we also found that you do or do
not have a propensity for this is that a
health problem and they're actually
updating as we go even though I only did
one test so to me it seems the 23 me is
already helping my outcomes through
information because it's telling me what
I do have to worry about and what I
don't based on my genetic propensities
and so the good news for example is I do
not have a propensity for Alzheimer's
that's good to know keep my DNA private
I don't know that I need to do that
I I'll just tease you that there's a
chapter in my upcoming book about
privacy and I think we may get it wrong
on privacy quite often let me give you a
quick argument years ago before gay
rights gay people were in the closet so
to speak so if you were gay you had to
keep it to yourself because it'd be too
dangerous
was that a good environment for being
gay the answer is no it was the worst
because you had to you know your true
identity hidden and if it came out you
know you could lose your job people who
discriminate there's the worst thing the
world so if you look at the experience
of gay rights privacy was their problem
right privacy cause all of their
problems how did they solve for the most
part
how did it how did gay activists solve
their biggest problem of getting equal
rights they gave away their privacy
voluntarily so the first brave activists
who came out and said I don't care what
you say I'm gay I'm out
you know I'm queer I'm proud whatever
they said coming out of the closet and
giving up their privacy solved their
biggest problems right now you're
watching the same thing happen with the
the transgender community it's happening
right in front of you and you're seeing
a repeat of this
transgenders who probably used to you
know maybe try to I don't know what the
right word is but maybe not make a big
deal of the fact that they change from
one thing to another thing and and I
want to I don't want to accidentally use
the wrong language because I know
there's there are a million you know
minefields here about saying it in an
insulting way so I want to avoid being
insulting but it seems to me that the
transgender community is is following
the the gay rights path yeah I saw the
the other day a transgender person who
was on the news and was essentially a
head at the closet it was somebody who
look like
my guess is born as a man and had was in
some part of that some part of the
becoming a woman officially I guess and
again I apologize if I use any of the
Rome language here I'm genuinely
empathetic to anybody who's you know
outside the you know the dead average of
society whatever that is you know
anybody who's off the average for any
reason whether it's trans and gender
again any other reason you know
differently abled anyway I have empathy
for all that right it's no fun to be off
the dead average you have the boring
average it's just no fun that can you
can cause you trouble
so I have empathy for that but I would
say the transgender are giving up their
privacy as well and it will have a good
outcome there are probably as many
situations in which giving up your
privacy helps you as there are giving up
your privacy hurts you the worst
situation is when some people have
privacy and others don't
alright so that's your dangerous
situation and that's why it's misleading
if only a few people have privacy and
other people don't that's a real problem
because the people don't have privacy
you're gonna be disadvantaged but if if
everybody in the group
say gay people just to use a same
example if they all or or most it
doesn't have to be everyone but if most
of them give up their privacy it's like
hey I'm gay I'm gay that's a good
situation all right
I personally give out all my passwords
to strangers yeah I don't think you can
compare giving out your passwords too
well you know what actually I'm going to
argue with you somebody said you don't
want to give out your passwords but you
know why giving out your passwords is a
problem giving out your passwords is a
problem because other people don't if
everybody gave up all their passwords
you wouldn't need passwords now your
first reaction to that is what that's
crazy if I gave out my password somebody
would go get go get my money but if you
gave up all your privacy you would know
who got your money everybody would know
so they couldn't do it because you go
over to their house and say oh you took
my money give it back or I'll kill you
or the law will come and get you so I'm
not suggesting this but let me just
challenge your assumption your
assumption is it would be a mistake to
give up your password I would say I
agree as long as we live in the world
where everybody else is not giving up
their password hypothetically and we
would never get to this world but it's
just so it's just a mental experiment if
everyone gave up all their passwords and
anybody could check anybody's bank
account anybody can see you who took
what and put it where nobody could steal
from you because you would know they
stole from you right the reason that
people don't commit crimes in a crowd
you know unless are crazy or mad or
something but nobody commits a crime in
front of lots of witnesses independent
of whether the law is there because the
citizens would take care of it
you know let's say you go into a crowd
of people and you start beating somebody
up for no reason it's not going to work
the crowd will pull your work so a
complete giving up of privacy would make
all of your passwords unnecessary
anybody who tried to troll you anybody
you're trying to pretend to be you you'd
know because they would give up their
privacy too so it's sort of an
interesting test of your assumption
about privacy and and always go back to
this test if you're the only one who
gives up your privacy that's probably
terrible but if everybody gave up their
privacy you might not have a problem all
right
that's all for today and I'll talk to
you tomorrow