pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom and
Murray hello
get on in here nice of you to join and
the rest of you where are you
Jeremy okay you're in there getting in
there quickly oh I love it when the
first few people are insulting my looks
it is amazing to see all of you you're
some of my favorite people in the world
did you know that yes you are and now
it's time to demonstrate that with the
simultaneous up grab your mug your cup
your coffee your stein your chalice and
bring it to your lips it's time for the
simultaneous M so I watched a youtube
video the other day of a climate debate
so is a debate between Michael Mann
whose author of the famous hockey stick
graph that shows temperature's going up
steeply with co2 and Judith Curry was
there on the other side and there were
two other people one on each side and
because I had said that I've never seen
a debate with the sceptics and the
climate alarmist in the same place
somebody pointed me to that fairly
recent video I think it was last few
months
and I thought to myself all this would
be good this is the first time I will
see the skeptics and the climate
scientists on the same stage and they'll
talk about what they disagree with each
other and man I'm gonna really move
ahead and then I saw the format so the
format was they each get a few minutes
to talk and and that's that and then
there are a few questions that were sort
of off point but here's the the big
takeaway the primary claim of Michael
Mann
is that the the temperature is not just
going up but going up at a super fast
rate that coincides exactly he would say
with co2 created by humans now the so
the central claim is not that it's
getting warmer that's not the claim the
claim is that the rate of warming has
increased so Michael Mann gets up there
he has his five minutes he shows his
graphs and he says there the world is
getting warmer and it matches co2 and
then he says the odds of this graph the
the actual heat matching the co2 rise
the odds of that being a coincidence are
you know astronomically small therefore
it must be meaningful and then the
skeptics get up and they don't talk
about the central claim of climate
science the skeptics don't even mention
the central claim and I thought to
myself what the hell how could they
completely ignore the central claim that
the rate is going up fast and there's no
other explanation now I'm not going to
say I'm siding with the climate
alarmists
because you know I'm not a scientist how
would I know but I'm a little bit
worried when the skeptics ignore the
central claim you know they talked about
you know it doesn't look like it's
getting so warm and with some other
stuff there were actually really good
points now there's sort of a related
point here which is yeah the related
point is that both sides were persuasive
so when you listen to Michael Mann
before any of the skeptics have talked
you look at that and you say man that
looks totally persuasive
totally and then the skeptics talk
Judith curry talks and listen to that
and I think
that is completely persuasive and it
really was so both the pro and the anti
sides are completely persuasive but the
way that they stay that way is they
don't talk about the arguments of the
other the only way that those two sides
can remain persuasive is by ignoring the
argument on the other side and until I
saw it myself I didn't think that was
true I assumed that somebody would say a
is true and then the skeptics would say
no let's talk about a a is not true and
here are my reasons and then the
scientist would say well your reasons
are outdated or we have a reason you
know we don't think your reasons are
true that would look like a debate what
I saw was definitely not a debate it was
two people talking about whatever they
wanted to talk about sort of never
really connecting now the best argument
that I've heard for why the skeptics do
not address the rate of change michael
mann's central claim not addressed is
that when you look at the historical
record we don't have the fine detail to
know if it ever did that before so I'm
I'm kind of open to that argument but it
wasn't made by that any of the skeptics
on the stage instead one of the most
persuasive skeptics was the guy who had
been a founder of Greenpeace who's
turned into a climate skeptic and he
points out through the historical record
that co2 and temperature have been
moving in a non-aligned way for eons and
therefore it's not the lever that's
moving the world you know it's a very
persuasive argument except that it
doesn't address the primary claim of
climate science that the rate is I
so that's all I'm going to say about
that I will say again that what is
needed is an actual debate about climate
science if it's the biggest problem in
the world talk me into it please please
convince me is really the biggest
problem in the world by being on the
same stage and interacting with somebody
who will disagree with you because those
people exist and people saying it's not
the biggest thing in the world well let
me suggest if you think you have a
settled opinion on climate change what
would that be based on given that nobody
has ever debated it as far as I can tell
at least in public so from the
perspective of the public you and I you
and I have never seen this debated you
have never seen this debated you've only
seen people talking completely different
so until it's debated I'm going to say I
don't think I don't think you should
have a firm opinion on any of this now
yeah so there's the separate question of
whether the worst case scenario is a big
deal and the evidence we have suggests
it's not even the worst case scenario
but that's and that has been debated by
the way so I would say that's the case
where Bjorn Lomborg did directly address
something specific coming out of the
climate science world specifically the
economic part of it
so he said you're saying this about the
economics I'm talking about exactly your
point and I'm showing you how you've you
know exaggerated its importance that is
what a debate looks like but what's
missing is where do the climate people
get to address what Bjorn Lomborg sent
it's not quite a debate until you get a
little counterpoint going on right
saying something and then hearing
somebody's projection - it gets you
halfway there then you have to hear the
original person's objection to the
objection like a court
separately it seems that there's a
project that Bill Gates is funding
through Harvard I guess in which they're
going to put some kind of particles in
the air with a big blimp they're gonna
launch a blimp and see the atmosphere
with some particles that are similar to
what volcanoes spew to see if it will
cool the world now as you might imagine
there are people saying my god my god
don't do that because if you do that if
you do that you can't you know can't put
the genie back in the bottle you might
over cool the world etc well maybe maybe
but here's what seems far more likely
what seems far more likely is that since
Bill Gates and Harvard are behind it
there are smart people doing this and
there's probably little to no risk of
putting some of that stuff into the air
to just see if it works
so I would not object to a test if it's
possible to test it where they could do
a little bit of a test and let's say one
county and then maybe it only lasts for
a month because you know they're not
going to put that many particles in the
air eventually a dissolve so you do one
little area and you do it for about a
month
you see if it makes any difference just
in case because what happens if let's
say twenty years from now well it's it's
a super critical problem it's worse than
we thought
etc I keep seeing people to talk about
chemtrails and the comments chemtrails
are not real that's tinfoil hat time you
there's nothing about chemtrails is real
you're just you're you're just reading
down some conspiracy theory rabbit hole
it's not real not real so anyway I'm not
so afraid of the Bill Gates test well
the thing is
funding because I'm sure that if it's
just the same chemistry that a volcano
puts in the air there's lots of it here
already they can test it small what's
the main thing I tell you if you can
test something small you don't have to
ask if it's a good good idea this
apparently can be tested small so they
are that's exactly the way you'd want to
do it this is one of the reasons I think
Bill Gates is one of the most important
characters in the history of the planet
not just for Microsoft but because he's
bringing a a logical scientific kind of
a mindset to charity and to fixing these
big problems and it's good stuff let's
talk about a Flynn
all right this whole Flynn trial stuff
is the sketchiest looking situation
you've ever seen in your life and the
entire conversation uses the word but a
lot and goes like this
general Flynn is a patriot who serves
the country for 30 years but he may have
lied to the FBI but he may not have
known he lied but if he did lie we don't
know why he would do it but that's not
really the big problem because the
larger crime seemed to be this you know
for an agent registration thing that he
was working for Turkey
the government of Turkey prior to the
election but right up to it so that's
bad right
but Turkey is actually a NATO ally but
he should have told somebody but the guy
he was advocating about probably
probably wasn't anybody who was our
friend either but he shouldn't have been
doing it but it was legal yes
but if it was illegal it had he
registered why didn't they charge him
with that and so the the whole story is
all of these butts like well but it's
terrible but and then you've got the
judge the judge is apparently a
now you normally you wouldn't say that
about a judge because you'd say well
maybe he knows something I don't know
but it's pretty clear that this judge
was not prepared for this case he didn't
even know that Flynn had stopped
advocating on behalf of Turkey by
election time so the most critical point
in that whole situation caused the judge
to call a defendant possibly treasonous
or a traitor to the country in public on
incorrect facts now how in the world do
you not get that judge kicked off the
case isn't that lawyer 101 if your judge
has accused your client incorrectly of a
major of a major traitorous behavior you
can't have to get rid of that judge
don't you and then and what's up with
the three-month delay who needed three
months to do what can you tell me
there's any good reason for a
three-month delay what we needed was a
you know a one-week delay to get a new
judge because that judge does not have
what it takes
now as Mike sort of itch I'm sure
accurately pointed out on Twitter I'm
watching the news and all the lawyers
and everything and and they they act
like they're surprised about why why it
is that Flynn may have pleaded guilty to
something he doesn't necessarily think
he did even though he says he did that
in court and otherwise at the same time
there was this more serious charge the
foreign agent registration thing about
and the assumes to me the obvious answer
and the one that Mike's arises as well
is that Flynn worked at and deal with
prosecutors with the government to take
the to plead guilty to the lesser charge
now that doesn't necessarily mean he
thinks he's guilty or that he wasn't
entrapped so you have this weird
situation where he may have to wait for
it
des Flynn may have been forced to lie in
court by the government as the only way
to avoid jail time do you see that the
government may have created a situation
where the only way he can avoid jail is
to lie the way they want him to because
if he doesn't lie they've made it pretty
clear that they're gonna untap this for
an agent registration thing and get him
on a far more serious crime so the judge
was saying are you sure you want to
plead guilty because even the judge who
was apparently a even that
thinks that maybe Flynn should not have
been pleading guilty because they were
sort of hinting that he had been
entrapped etc so Flynn is in this weird
situation where he's trying to get it
both ways he wants to plead guilty to
the lesser charge which is the only way
he can get in no jail time but he also
wants that lesser charge not to be
necessarily binding wouldn't it be great
if they just threw it out but if they
throw it out isn't the government going
to come after him for the greater charge
so they can't really throw it out he
can't really say he didn't lie because
apparently there were some lying going
on even if it was just just depends but
we don't know why he would lie we're all
still confused about that so none of
this story makes any sense so
everybody in the story is sketchy the
judge is sketchy we don't have a real
understanding of why Flynn was doing
what he was doing but the the turkey
consulting is problematic and the
government the government looks pretty
sketchy in this deal it's like I'm not
sure who to root for anymore everybody
looks a little bit dirty in this
situation that said if if Flynn gets any
jail time I believe he will be pardoned
just automatically there's a big story
today about the Trump charity that got
closed down apparently and lots of
accusations of irregularities and Trump
using it as his personal piggy bank etc
I'm not going to defend anything with
anybody's charity I'm not going to
defend the Clinton charity I'm not going
to defend the Trump charity I'm not
going to defend anybody's charity right
if rich people have charities I'm not
going to defend that if a rich person
has a charity and it's anything except
their own money somebody wants something
and maybe it should just be illegal
maybe it should just be illegal to have
a charity if you have any influence in
the world because it becomes just a way
to well it's just this huge opportunity
for all kinds of shenanigans
so so I'm watching this Trump charity
thing and I can't judge whether that's a
big problem or a small problem is it his
problem or is it somebody else's problem
is it whoever ran it is it a civil
problem is it a federal problem is it a
stay provide oh no what that's I I can't
wrap my head around how big a problem
that is but it's out there let's talk
about we're going to talk about the wall
funding in a minute let's talk about
sargon of akkad
again so he's the guy who got kicked off
of a patreon the funding platform
for saying some things use the n-word
but he used it in the sense of insulting
people who use the n-word so the context
was I believe his interpretation is he
was insulting all the right racist type
people by using the n-word in an ironic
way the way they use the n-word and so
really it was the opposite of racism but
because he used the language of racism
he was unfairly kicked off the platform
something like that
I think that's close to what happened
and here's why I was trying to figure
out why I'm not quite on board with the
free speech part of this and I think it
comes down to this and you've heard me
say this a lot that you are not what you
think
so your inner thoughts are not who you
are who you are in this world is what
you do so your actions are what define
you and if your actions are bad but your
intentions are good
you're still the actions if your actions
are good but maybe you're evil on the
inside you're still the actions you're
not the evil on the inside because if
you do the evil that near the evil
person and what's our gun did was he
used the n-word a number of times in
public in an insulting fashion now again
the technical reason he used it had to
do with his inner thoughts
so his inner thoughts seemed to be
allegedly pure meaning that he was
against racism
everybody's happy about that right but
those were his inner thoughts we're not
judging him on his inner thoughts he's
being judged for doing something for
actions in other words the things he
said using the n-word anybody should
have known would get you kicked off a
platform no matter what context you use
it in so if somebody uses the n-word
several times as an insult even if that
insult is not directed at a black person
that is sort of hate speech the defense
that he's internal thinking was non
racist seems to be true as far as I can
tell right I'm not a I'm not a mind
reader but let's say it is true it kind
of doesn't matter because what he did
was unambiguously hate speech in other
words the words were his internal
intentions and even the way you
internally processed it many of you were
not bad but it probably doesn't matter
it's hard to give an analogy of how this
would be a good thing but you know if if
you steal food because you're hungry
it's still a crime right if you steal if
you steal food because you're hungry
still a crime right he he did a bad
thing
in other words he used words that
everybody in society knows are bad words
and it doesn't matter that his internal
process was pure so that's probably why
I'm differing with you because I don't
think you can judge him by his internal
process you can only judge in what he
did and those are generally universally
considered hate words so I've got a
little bit of let's see I've got
disavowal of fatigue because I feel like
I need to disavow people all the time I
had a disavow this person for this I
kind of disappeared people with that and
I'm a little disappointed
but in any in any event it doesn't
matter what his internal thoughts were
we can't judge them for that let's talk
about the wall so we're seeing reports
in the news the highly non credible fake
news that President Trump is backing
down on a wall funding backing down they
say and they he's giving up he's
surrendering
he's capitulating and it looks like the
anti Trump errs are gonna have a good
time with that
but somebody says come on lol so whoever
just said come on
lol someday they will come after you
well if they come after me wouldn't they
have to come after me for something I
did well let me put it this way if I
said what sargon said no matter what I
meant would I expect to be kicked off
platforms and the answer is yes I would
expect to be kicked off social media
platforms if I use the words he said
even if my thoughts were the opposite
even if I was thinking in pure ways
I would definitely expect to be kicked
off so making an analogy between what he
did or anybody else did and what might
it might come back to affect me is
that's not a stretch all right let's
talk about the wall so what we don't
know about this wall situation is what
the president's strategy is what the
president's strategy is now if his
strategy is to get as much wall as he
can
and turn it over to the engineers I
would say that he's sort of ahead of the
curve in the sense that there was only
one way this wall was ever going to
happen the only way the wall was ever
going to happen was if we handed over to
the engineers and the engineers decide
how much his wall how much his fence how
much his other that's the only way this
ever could have gone there was no
situation in which the politicians were
going to decide every inch of the wall
so it looks like the president is if I
had to guess it's just the gas but it
looks like he's prepping to go the only
way this effort was going to go to to
kind of climb down for a moment from
it's a wall wall wall all I want as a
wall to I'm not an engineer neither is
Nancy Pelosi so why are the two of us
discussing how much is wall and how much
is fence because we don't know why don't
we let the experts do it we'll have a
you know a pile of money and we'll try
to negotiate something maybe we test a
little bit wall maybe we build a little
wall a little fence to see which one
works best because it turns out you
can't spend 25 billion in one year
anyway so you don't really need to make
that decision just make a decision about
what you're going to test and then just
get on it and then make another decision
after you see how that goes so I would
say we might be very close to something
that looks like you know a creative
funding plan for border security that
will get you better border security now
it would be interesting to see if the
engineers could come up with an estimate
such as if you take a section and we put
a wall there or if we put a fence you
should assume that there's probably a
different degree of violation of a fence
than there would be for a wall fewer
people will get over the wall then we'll
get over the fence if it's a good wall
and you should be able to measure that
so you should be able to make an
estimate that says okay if we have a
wall it stops ninety percent of the
people would try to get through
if we have a fence it stops 75% of the
people something like that something you
could measure measure you can measure it
and then you could take that further and
you could say all right with this this
amount of extra people getting in with a
fence we estimate that 25 legal American
citizens will be murdered in the next
five years so just put your estimates in
terms of money and then murder so what
does you know what is the cost-benefit
analysis of letting that many extra
people get over a fence versus a wall
and then you know that do the different
costs costs of a wall versus a fence so
figure out how many extra people get
murdered you know on estimates implying
that is racist it is but it's also based
on statistics and and how much of cost
and then agree to build a little of each
of measure measure it you all say
measure wrong how can you measure the
effectiveness if they can go around a
small wall well you would only put the
wall in the places where people have
already for whatever reason decided it's
easy to get there and it's a good place
for a crossing so people might leave
there and go to where there are more
coyotes where it's more dangerous where
it's a desert and if they cross there
there's no no human facilities for miles
and they die in the desert so it's not
that easy to go around a wall if the
wall is big enough so you would have to
you would definitely have to pick your
parts but let's say let's say there is
no way to ever know if a fence or a wall
works better let's say you put up a
little of both and you just can't tell
because as somebody said people just go
to other places and you never really
know
what's happened well I think that tells
you that all you need is a fence so you
found out everything you needed to know
yes the Israelis now a lot of people
don't know this and I didn't know this
until recently did you know that the the
Israel's wall is actually mostly a fence
how many of you knew that how many of
you know the Israel's wall is mostly a
fence because the only things you ever
see a picture of are the wall right you
see pictures of the sections that are
walls most of its offense so why would
we do something different from what
Israel did yeah they have sensors they
have blah blah yeah I also heard on I
guess was Tucker Carlton's show that
where Israel does have a solid wall I
believe is on the border with Egypt and
I believe that they have taken down the
illegal crossings to basically zero so
at least in the case of the Egypt
Israeli wall the wall worked 100% and
where they have the longer stretch there
they have a lot of fence and that seems
to be working too so I don't think we
have to have wonder if walls and fences
work now that the other news which is
very damning of course for the president
politically damning is that the
government approved what ten point six
billion dollars for Central America and
Mexico to build up their economies I
guess so that fewer people will want to
come here in a caravan and I think
they'll not just the caravan but will
want to illegally immigrate and I think
to myself that is a very inconvenient
number for a president who doesn't have
a wall if you had a wall you might be
able to justify that
because you'd say well we've got our
priorities straight we got the wall but
we're also working on developing the
things so they don't want to come across
that would sound strong but without the
wall it sounds like we're we're just
giving money to the people who are
abusing us and they're gonna come over
anyway because I don't know how much
money it takes to stop immigration but
I'm feeling like ten point six billion
spread across several countries probably
not enough yeah it feels like a drop in
the bucket
so the optics of it are horrible for
Trump's pace I would think which is
different from saying it won't work
because I'd like to see an argument for
it but it just doesn't feel like a lot
of money doesn't seem like it's the
clearly is not the whole solution but
maybe we're just testing to see if any
of it makes a difference
sounds like bribes to politicians that
might be it might be partly bribes the
wall is immediate somebody says that's
not true it would take ten years to
build the wall at least yeah so let me
ask you this let's say you're President
Trump and you're looking at endless
investigations once the once the new
Congress gets in place what would you do
if you were President Trump and you had
nothing to look forward to but analysts
just you know endless being picked to
death by the other side I would at least
consider resigning yeah I would consider
resigning and I mean that seriously by
the way so this is not a this is not a
mental game because here's what would
happen if he resigned he would be
replaced with pence and that would
activate
sort of a mutually assured destruction
meaning that it would look like a bad
idea
to force out a president because you
would get a something you liked less it
wouldn't hurt probably wouldn't hurt
Republicans that much because they'd
still get their judges
right so they still get their judges and
here's the weird part President Trump
may have already solved all the hard
parts you know
North Korea's going pretty well probably
would keep going that way
the economy and jobs are looking good
the stock market you know is gonna do
its thing one way or the other but as
long as jobs are good we're probably in
pretty good shape it might be the best
thing for him and for the country is to
just resign and suppose he doesn't
suppose that they just hound him into
ineffectiveness which there's a good
chance that that would happen what's
going to happen to the next Democrat who
becomes president is there any doubt
that the next president will be hounded
out of office the only thing that stops
people from hounding anybody out of
office is that they don't want to that's
the only thing that stops it because if
you have unlimited money to to initiate
unlimited investigations about anybody
who who makes it to the presidency you
can pretty much take out any president
you just have to be willing to do it and
until now nobody's been willing to do it
so we see the Democrats absolutely
willing to take out the president and I
would argue that if we don't see some
good bipartisan stuff happening in the
next few months and by the way the
prison bill is good
looks like the prison bill may be a
positive step but if if all that happens
is we're just bombarded with more Cohen
Russia stuff I don't know I'd be tempted
to quit he would be the most successful
president of all time in two years and
then he wouldn't have to put up with it
but he'd have to he'd have to make some
kind of a deal for I know for pens to
pardon him for all actual and future
crimes or something he will need to do
some pardons first yeah maybe so
pardon everybody and then leave it would
be even funnier if he pardoned I've said
this before the best way that that trump
could pardon himself or pardon anybody
on his team is if he thought he had all
the pardons that he's ever gonna need is
to pardon Hillary Clinton at the same
time just pardon her because if he
throws her in the mix it's just gonna
complicate the whole thing it would be
hard to disagree with it somebody
reminded me that there's apparently the
there's gonna be a ban on bump of stocks
and that feels like a fair thing to do
bump stocks were not useful for not
really useful for self defense bump
stocks are not useful for hunting they
didn't really have much of a value so
might as well get rid of them to do to -
that is no legacy yeah yeah I'm keep in
mind we should all keep in mind that
we're in the crazy
holiday season when all of this legal
jeopardy stuff for the president is all
we have to talk about because there's
not much happening so if the only thing
we have to talk about is this legal
jeopardy stuff it looks like it's more
than it is but it could be that when we
hit the new Congress it will be ten
times bigger than it is now
and if that's if that's the case well
maybe it's just time to quit and give
you president pence
mm-hmm
you need another cup of coffee Scott I
probably do you know there's the thing
they say about dogs that chase cars you
know what if the dog catches the car if
the dog catches the car the dog doesn't
want to do with it
it's all about the chasing if Trump were
to resign and I'm not recommending this
by the way this is not a recommendation
but if he were to resign
what would the Democrats do they would
have effectively ruined the government
by forcing a president out of office
over right they would have
effectively ruined the government of the
United States they would have to live
with that but they would also have to
figure out how to govern and and Trump
would be leaving them with the biggest
federal debt the biggest federal deficit
debt in the history of humanity maybe
not as a percentage
he would never resign how about this
what if the president said if you give
me 25 billion for a wall I'll quit he's
not going to say that but wouldn't that
be interesting suppose the president
said for 25 billion dollars if you
believe what you're saying suppose you
made this offer any Democrats if you
believe what you're saying about me that
all these bad things are my fault I'm
ruining the world if you believe those
things 25 billion dollars is cheap to
get rid of me build the wall and I'll
quit today what would they say think
about it would they take the deal
because if they don't take the deal it
shows that they don't think use that
much of a problem and it's just
if they do take the deal he gets his
wall he has the most successful
presidency of any president in two years
in two years he will have done more than
any president Pence will keep the
momentum going without maybe changing
much because everything's kind of going
in the right direction right now maybe
get China wrapped up that sort of thing
they'll rescind after he's gone yeah
maybe so him about Trump switches
parties no I don't think so Scott you
are a leaf somebody says I'm a leaf I
don't know what that means
all right now I saw somebody who's
trying to raise money to show that the
government has brainwashed us all with
trigger words and now we're getting all
excited about words and we pick up
emotional robots that's all true except
I don't think it's the government
planning it I think it's just the effect
of the business model of the press
[Music]
yeah you know the I think the greatest
magic trick of the past couple years is
that the the anti-trump media has
created the problem and then they
complain about the problem they created
let me let me put it in some context
roughly I don't know 15 years ago or so
I wrote a book called the Dilbert of
future and in that book I said that the
news media's business model would cause
them to kill people actually murder
people to create news
so that was my prediction 15 years ago
the news media would start killing
people to create news because it would
be good for business
now you could argue that they killed
princess died because they chased her
into a dangerous situation and she died
in a car accident but look at this
situation with Trump it seems to me that
everything the press is chasing could
have just as easily been minimized or
largely ignored likewise the you know
obviously the the Democrats are behind
it but the Democrats power depends
entirely on the media if the Democrats
were just complaining about Trump no
matter what they complained about and
the press ignored them just wouldn't
mean anything they need the press to do
the heavy lifting and and so the press
had because of their business model is
effectively assassinating the president
in slow motion and we're all watching it
and there's no question about it is it
because you know I think any objective
person who watched CNN if there is such
a thing as an objective person an
objective person look you see a 10 and
MSNBC would say oh it's clear that
you're just making news about things
that your viewers want to watch and they
like they like Russia
they like Trump legal jeopardy youporn
so they're giving it to him the the net
effect of that is that Trump would is
essentially assassinated by the media
because it's good for a business so this
is what I predicted 15 years ago that
the the press would assassinate famous
people for news and how many times have
you see in the news drag somebody out
and assassinate them in public ruining
their career in public by talking about
whatever thing they said the the outrage
that they did it's our etc it's the
press yeah
the press is literally taking American
citizens out one at a time and
assassinating them in front of the other
citizens because it's good for business
[Music]
stop saying resigning and assassinating
somebody says why cuz I'm giving people
ideas I don't think there's you know in
my view there's no real chance that
President Trump will resign you know the
odds of that are really really small
because as far as I can tell he's not in
any serious legal jeopardy it's just
what the news is talking about but they
are ruining him and they're trying as
hard as they can to assassinate him and
they're trying to take out his family
they're trying to do you know and if if
pence becomes president they'll just
take him out because they need to
assassinate famous people for ratings
I'm a little a little surprised they
haven't come after me yet are you
surprised about that have you noticed
that the at least the the top level of
the news hasn't really come after me
Bloomberg did Bloomberg came after me
with a hip piece during was it during
the election or after the election so I
guess Bloomberg has long has these are I
think BuzzFeed has Gawker did before
they went out of business yeah they're
they're been quite quite a few
second-tier media companies that have
tried to assassinate me with you know
fake news of course but the top tier has
not
yeah Jezebel yeah the the lower-level
people why hasn't your press
assassination idea picked up I don't
know
yeah Bloomberg interviewed me before the
election and then released after the
election I think that's right
who made that photo of a uniformed
Scot yeah oh that's that's true
yeah well do you count Google as the
press they sort of are aren't they I
think you could can Google as the press
all right good point so Google's image
search shows Photoshop two pictures of
me in a Nazi uniform so that would be an
example of the media because Google
really is the media that would be an
example of the media trying to
assassinate me and in that case actually
literally death
so I would say that Google is actually
trying to kill me at least that's the
indication right now it could be
accidental
it could be but since it's been called
to their attention and the picture is
still up there the pictures did
disappear from the the first search page
but they're still in the top ten on the
images page but that may be a fake out
because since I called attention to it
people are clicking on those images so
it's probably keeping them up there
artificially so I've said let's let's
wait a little while and stop clicking on
those pictures which I guess I have to
wait a few more weeks now because I
mentioned it again Google can't delete
it they certainly can they can do
anything they want
there's a health insurance plan in India
send me that link if you have one yeah
then the Nazi picture is thief well let
me look I'll look right now while you're
here I'll do Google myself all right
top page doesn't have that image but if
I click images it is the top image oops
yeah so it's the it's the fourth one and
it's right on the top so let me ask you
this and it's right after it says Scott
Adams dissecting Donald Trump so they
make sure that it's clear that I'm
associated with Trump and then the neck
the picture next to it is me in a Nazi
uniform that's been photoshopped on now
now don't you think that's trying to
literally kill me is you know that would
that be an interesting lawsuit I wish I
liked lawsuits I avoid them at all costs
but isn't it obviously true that Google
is putting me in danger of death by
branding me a Nazi intentionally
intentionally in the sense that they
could stop it but don't obviously they
know about it by now and now I suppose
they could argue free speech but this is
hate speech let me ask you this how is
this not hate speech in what world is
branding a white guy as a Nazi not hate
speech
this is absolutely hate speech it's hate
speech that gets people killed in this
case it may be me and by the way
if I ever get killed which I which I
think is a pretty high likelihood I'd
put the odds of maybe 30% I'd say the
odds of me being killed by a citizen for
something that was in the fake news
before I would die naturally are roughly
thirty percent I would say and it's
stuff like this so how does Google get
away with hate speech you know I've
decided I've decided to go harder at
this I was kind of letting this whole
Google trying to kill me situation I was
trying to not let it get to me you know
just let it run a little bit see if it
Peters out but the more I think about it
and the more I look at let's say sargon
of akkad
being kicked off a patreon for hate
speech which I think we agree probably
was not what he had in his mind he
wasn't actually hating on anybody in
fact he was the opposite but but this
Google example is unambiguous you don't
have to wonder if it's hate speech
drawing somebody in a Nazi outfit is
clearly hate speech and Google is
running this on their platform now how
does Google get away with racism because
that's what it is right I mean have you
ever seen one of those the last time you
saw like a a woman or you know a black
guy photoshopped into a Nazi elephant
you don't see that it's white adult
males it's racism there's no other name
for it so let's just call it out I'm
going to start a new hashtag what's the
good hashtag racist Google
how about racist google let's see if
that one's on there yet well I think
I'll tweet this out while you're
watching I'll take the picture of it
here you can be part of history well
we'll make your hashtag right now I get
a tweet out hashtag racist Google won't
take down the photoshopped image of me
in a Nazi uniform why why not why not
what's the name of their CEO pitch pitch
pitch pitch a how do you pronounce that
and yeah
sundar there it is I'll put him in there
all right hashtag racist Google won't
take down the photoshopped image of me
in Nazi uniform why not now I'm pretty
sure people have complained about it so
it's not a question of whether they know
about it or not so let me include that
so people can see the picture there we
go
yeah so I'm including sundar
pshhh pshhh eh eh is that how you
pronounce it I don't know how to
pronounce it racist Google won't take
down the photoshopped image of me and
not say uniform why not
this marks me for death
tweet all right so why don't you do me a
favor and retweet racist Google let's
see where is that tweet I want to make
sure I got posted and by the way you
know I like to be fair when I when I
reported this to Twitter it was down in
less than a day so Twitter actually
understands what hey speech looks like
you know in this context and they did
their job so I have no complaint with
Twitter on this topic but Google it's
still there still there so we've got 11
retweets let's see how big we can make
this now I I do think the odds of me
being assassinated because of stuff like
this about 30 percent between now and
the time I would have naturally died all
right that's all I have for now I'm
going to go do something else
and let's see if racist Google fixes
this hate speech and I'll talk to you
later