[Music]
um hey everybody sorry about that
aborted start I didn't have the options
on that I needed so now I do and today
it's gonna be a very special day we're
gonna be talking about impeachment and
China and coronavirus and all that but
before we do that I'm gonna bring on a
special guest to talk about some updates
in the world of DNA some stuff they you
will be interested in because it will
matter to you either an hour later but
first if you'd like to participate in
the simultaneous if it doesn't take much
it takes a cup or a mug or a glass to
take your cello sir Stein the canteen
juggler flask gives us a little vetti
guy and fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
the end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip go mm-hmm
now let me check to see if my guest has
found us yes I'm gonna bring on my
guests and introduce him David can you
hear me my guest today is David
middleman you've seen him before he's
the founder and CEO of a tharam a
biometrics company that uses DNA
sequencing and genomics to advance human
identification and especially in the
crime-solving domain which is some of
the interesting parts David how are you
this morning I'm doing good how are you
I'm great thanks for joining us to catch
us up on some stuff one of the
interesting things I want to ask you
about is I believe our tharam has
started a database where you can you can
voluntarily put your have your DNA
stored there for crime-solving purposes
is that am I saying that right yeah yeah
so what's the name of that and how do
people participate if they want to so we
started a
it's called DNA solves calm and and so
you've probably heard folks have heard
from watching your show it's Wall Street
meeting about the news about the golden
seed killer and a number of other folks
that have been caught on victims
identified all because there's
genealogical data that's been up on on
public databases to help up a
triangulate and identify who unknown
folks are and so so what we've done with
DNA solves is we've built a database has
nothing to do with you know medical
research or genealogy research right
this is a database that is broadly
available for folks that have been
tested and want to contribute their DNA
towards identifying addition for solving
a crime how would they do that so
they've been tested for some other
purpose and it's in some other database
how do they get into your database yeah
so so folks have tested with you know
recreational testing companies such as
ancestry.com or 23andme
they when you test to learn something
exciting about yourself you can then
take that that profile information and
downloaded from your from your site and
and then you can you can upload it
some people upload it to genealogical
databases some will upload it through
tools or predict medical traits we've
built a database that allows you to
upload it so that in the event that
you're genetically distantly related to
someone but it might be a perpetrator or
a victim in a crime we can use your data
point it's kind of like a stepping stone
to identify who that person is so so if
I've got let's say I'm afraid that
there's somebody in my family could be a
distant cousin but somebody in my family
who might be a serial killer
and I don't want to turn him in I could
just register my DNA and let let the
system do the rest could they yes and if
you are if you know that you're your
sibling gives a serial killer and you
don't want them to get caught then then
you would specifically not upload your
data to the database now my date is in
23andme
and I have not authorized anybody at
least not that I'm aware of unless I did
it accidentally
I'm not I'm not aware of telling them to
share it or download it how likely is it
that my DNA would be available to law
enforcement right now with with no
change could they give at it there's
been discussion about you know whether
or not there's there's an ability to
essentially like they used to do in the
90s with the ISP is kind of you know use
the court system to to request data from
these companies I think 23 mia is a very
clear position they don't work with law
enforcement I think they've done a
stellar job of protecting data and in
fact if you've been a 23andme customer
for a long period of time you'll notice
they used to have a third party API
where you could like authorize people to
look your data they killed it
so I would say 23 is a very secure place
to keep your information the only way
your data leaves 23andme is if you go in
there and specifically click a button
that says I would like my raw data and
again some people will do that for a
variety of reasons research genealogy
whatever but but 23m you will not move
your data on your behalf you can be
asking to have to actively pull yourself
so what what percentage of all Americans
let's say adults what percentage of them
have at this point at least one relative
who's close enough that would help
identify them who's in one of these
databases that law enforcement can get
at are we closer to 10% or closer to 90%
meaning that you've got at least a
cousin or something who's in the
database so so Jed mass which was the
public database before they moved to the
opt-in model it was about a million
profiles in there and I think I think
with that size of a database there was
there was pretty good odds that you know
closer to 90% but people would have some
connectivity someone that tested high it
may not be a first or second cousin but
at least a third cousin or closer and so
and how how close does a relative have
to be before it becomes let's say useful
for law enforcement I know every
situation is going to be different but
you said a third cousin can you go even
further
you can you can and it obviously depends
on it depends on you know lock in the
side to your family and even some extent
like the you know where in the world
you're from obviously Americans are
enriched or for these databases but um
but yeah the answer your question is
that you know if you have a first second
or third cousin and a third cousin was
pretty far out it's very easy to do then
use that to figure out the identity of
the unknown DNA sample if you go further
out you can solve it but as you move
past fourth and fifth cousin to become
you know more difficult now I mean I may
be a provocative claim without really
knowing him know what I'm talking about
the other day and I said that this
technology is very close to making all
serial crimes that at least the violent
ones to make all serial crimes solvable
within by the end of the year in other
words if somebody's doing a serial
serial sex crime or serial killer
they're always gonna leave DNA wouldn't
you say would you say it's close to a
hundred percent of the time I mean it's
a matter of time yeah and the way
technology has has moved you know offer
him unlike a you know so often czar
laboratories we actually work on not
just the inefficient data but the
collection of DNA and and we've been
able to collect you know decent amounts
of DNA from from touch DNA so it's not
just that you're leaving DNA is that the
limits of what you can leave and still
generate useful information for has
continuously dropped as well so I would
say I say you're right like if you're a
serial you know your rapist you're
probably going to leave DNA at some
point somewhere how many people do you
think have already figured out that
they're adopted or at least not related
to their father without doing much work
in other words are the databases such
that if you've done a if you're done in
one of these tests and you download your
own data and upload it somewhere else is
there any way that you can just find out
if you're really related to your parents
um there is and
since that's a non-law enforcement
application you can do that at 20-year
ancestry they have giant databases you
know 23 meas database is over 10 million
people
I think ancestry just announced that
they surpassed 16 million people so with
that size of a database it would be very
straightforward to look for what they
call NPEs which are non paternal events
so situations where your father is my
grandfather there's stories all the time
people discover relatives they didn't
know they had on the other side and kind
of the less cheery side you will
discover that relationships are they
thought were real or not real so in its
you know it's a personal decision if you
go on that journey but but there's a
story of food like all the time and
that's actually that's actually how
things were done prior to prior to this
application to law enforcement I mean it
is basically taking the adoption
agencies and these kind of family
mysteries and applying it towards folks
that are not your family right that
could be a have been involved in a crime
now what about I know you you're not
specifically working on medical stuff
but you probably know about it I keep
hearing about there are some people who
might have a natural immunity to let's
say cancer or certain types of cancer
are you going to be able to identify
people who have DNA that just won't get
certain kinds of problems and and and
therefore a weekend would we be able to
commercialize that and say if these
people can't get this disease we can
figure out what it is and take some
proteins or whatever the hell you do is
that a thing it is a thing so so I will
tell you you know in my opinion it's a
really good idea to separate medicine
and medical trades location and so so
23andme for example doesn't participate
in human identification but they do
medical research and what you're
describing is kind of the the direction
23andme is headed right other are their
DNA components that would help predict
if someone responds positively to
whether or not are there other new drugs
that can be developed based on DNA
murder that would make them more
effective in some folks you know that
otherwise are not are benefitting for
promotes our drug but but after them
were the inverse company so what you're
saying I think it's very likely and true
but at offering we it's not about a
science issue its moral policy issue we
we simply do not use any information for
for medical work and if you look at the
you know the DEA solves comm website
you'll see we're very clear the only
application this is consistent with the
DOJ policy the only application is team
identification because we don't want to
create any anxiety or or or make people
think they were mixing you know multiple
topics together tricked them into
participating people should come to that
site for no reason other than install a
crime not because we're trying to like
cure cancer or find a new drug all right
I can tell my audience is itching for me
to talk about the the impeachment
they're coming here primed so just tell
us again how they can find this database
to voluntarily upload their data if they
want to help with law enforcement yeah
so the website is DNA solves comm and
anyone can participate and and yes
obviously you know whoever this we
appreciate it
and and you'll probably be seeing in the
news you know over the next year or two
just dozens and dozens not just
perpetrators found that commit crimes
and I think a lot of victims but
otherwise would have remained anonymous
being identified and being reentered
into society so I think that's that's a
great thing as well alright great and
David thanks for coming back we're gonna
have you on in the future as we have I
know there's gonna be lots more DNA news
so it's great having somebody who's
there's immersed in it to to sort us out
so thanks so much David
thanks for watching me all right take
care alright let's talk about the news
some other stuff that's happening here's
an interesting idea Bernie Sanders may
have the opportunity to completely win
the nomination by using a poison pill
now a poison pill is a term from mergers
and acquisitions of companies and what
it means is if you don't know your
company to get purchased you
can pass some internal rules that are
called a poison pill meaning that if
somebody tries to buy your company they
will wish they hadn't because the
purchase will trigger something for
example if you didn't want your company
to be bought by a larger company but but
you were a public company so there's
nothing you could do to stop it because
they could just buy your stock and on
you you could say I'll pass a rule that
says all the employees get a five
hundred percent bonus if we get
purchased which would make you
unpurchased a bowl because the moment
you were purchased all the money and the
company would be given to the employees
and the purchaser would be out of luck
so that's called the poison pill there's
something you do that makes you unbel
Bernie Sanders could do a version of
this just by analogy here he could do a
version of this if his supporters
decided to claim that if Bernie doesn't
get the nomination they'll vote for
Trump in other words if you can get
enough Bernie Sanders people to say
either signing up or they sign a sign a
petition or just say it on social media
if they say look if Bernie gets screwed
out of the nomination again two years in
a row or two cycles in a row that
they're just gonna protest vote for
Trump now there are a lot of people who
probably believe that so it wouldn't be
much of a stretch now think about this
it would make it impossible for any of
the other Democrats to get elected in
the general election so Biden's argument
that he's the only one who could beat
Trump just disappears because the moment
anybody but Bernie gets elected the
protest vote kicks in it's a poison pill
and it makes it impossible for the
actual nominee to get elected now you
could say to yourself well every
politician has that option right anybody
could do that so why are you saying this
about Bernie no not everybody could do
that there is something special about
Bernie's supporters
Bernie's supporters are just sort of I
would say a a mirror version of Trump
supporters in this one special way I
mean they they favor different policies
obviously but in one way they're the
same Trump supporters he wanted somebody
to burn down the system Bernie
supporters want somebody to burn down
the system so if they don't get somebody
to burn down the system they're not
going to be terribly concerned about who
it is because it's just going to be more
of what we already had so I think Bernie
supporters could actually form a poison
pill and make it impossible for anybody
else to win the nomination and have a
fair chance at winning in the in the
general but I don't I don't know that
that will happen but the play is there
let's talk about the impeachment
I've been watching of course the
president's attorneys argue against
impeachment I've got a few observations
in no particular order Pam Bondi made a
really good argument that barista is
sketchy and that the Biden's association
with it just needs to be looked into
that is key because if you accept that
barista was worth looking into then
that's the end of the story because
that's what the president asked for
obviously it would have a national
interest and there you are there's
nothing else to be said as long as
barrese mode was worth looking into Pam
Bondi made that argument now there's one
part of her case which I don't know why
all conservatives keep saying this
because it's just inaccurate as far as I
can tell and that is that there's
something important about the fact that
Biden asked for the prosecutor in
Ukraine to be fired when that prosecutor
either had an open case or you know some
kind of a paperwork involved about
looking into burry psmith now the
transporters and and the lawyers are
saying well that just shows that Joe
Biden
pressured Ukraine to do something but in
fact it's a ridiculous argument because
Biden was doing what what was national
policy it was it was national policy
that that guy was rotten that he wasn't
really going after lots of other
entities wanted him gone so I think
including that part of the argument in
why the briefs love Biden thing is all
sketchy I think that just really
weakened the argument because it's a
part of the argument that is just
demonstrably false so if you make an
argument with a fact that is just so
easily debunked that's just not a strong
play so I thought Pam Bondi made a good
argument that buries Mona's dirty and
worth looking into but that one fact
about the prosecutor that's just fate
news so you throw that in there weakens
your case let's talk about Alan
Dershowitz now I just caught up with his
presentation I watched it on delay and
as I imagined it was a total kill shot
if you think that Alan Dershowitz made a
good presentation it doesn't matter what
anybody else says it doesn't because he
made a very convincing argument very
convincing that the articles of
impeachment are not impeachable offenses
and the argument goes to what is high
crimes and misdemeanors and Dershowitz
walked through the entire history of it
what the various founders who were
important to it what they said what
people misinterpret about it because
they've complete conflated things and he
clears that up
so I give you a real clean history of
how we got here and I would say it was a
hundred percent persuasive you know
obviously people will just stick to
their science because they want to but
if you were even a little bit
open-minded and you heard his
presentation you would say to yourself
oh yeah they really did mean something
like a crime or
something that's so so like a crime even
if it's technically not a crime it's
still a crime and the example you used
was what if the president did something
terrible such as taking a bribe or
whatever but it wasn't on American soil
and it was in some country where it
wasn't illegal or it couldn't be
prosecuted is that impeachable well yes
because that crime is exactly a crime in
our country and even though there's a
technical reason why he couldn't be
prosecuted it's no doubt about it it's a
crime that is that would be crime like
so that would be impeach Abal but as
Dershowitz points out there is no law
against abuse of power nor and this is
the important part nor could there be
not only is there not a law against
abuse of power but the framers were very
clear and Dershowitz walks you through
their thinking about how you can't have
a vague standard because if you have a
vague standard like what is abuse of
power you can't even really tell when
it's happened as long as you can have
that kind of vague standard then it
makes the presidency a a puppet of the
of the House and the Senate I guess so
Congress would actually own the
presidency if they could get rid of a
president just by claiming something
they did was an abuse of power because
apparently every president abuses their
power according to someone so you can
never have a constitutional rule about
removing a president that is so subject
to interpretation you can't even tell if
the standard has been met that's all you
need to know in fact there's nothing
more predictive about all this legal
stuff than if you see that there's
something where legal experts can't even
agree if any kind of a crime has
happened anytime you're in that
situation you're gonna go free it
doesn't matter if you're president and
somebody's trying to impeach you it
doesn't matter if you get picked up in
the street for some alleged crime if if
lawyers look at the activity and they're
not arguing about the facts they're
looking at the same facts and some of
them say yeah this is a crime
but others just as experienced and Avaya
say I don't know I don't see it you're
almost certainly gonna go free alright
so whenever you see that much ambiguity
about whether that even is a crime
that's good for the defendant so I
thought Dershowitz
put the hammer down now in our world in
which people are aren't really gonna
change their minds pretty much everybody
knows how they want to vote but you've
got a handful of senators who are in
these swing districts and they they need
some backing in other words the
Republicans probably would prefer to
vote with the other Republicans because
it's less trouble but they also want to
win reelection so they need a reason to
vote for the Republicans that's clean
one that could explain to their base and
say look here's my reason let's call it
a fake it because sometimes people have
already decided but they need have a
reason to give to other people this
sounds good and and the reasons that
don't sound good are all the things that
the other lawyers were talking about was
a quid pro quo was it not did anybody
know about it was the money withheld all
of that stuff all of that stuff will get
you not reelected if you're arguing in
the weeds there are too many weeds you
can't you can't argue them all the other
side has weeds too you just can't win if
you're at that lower level Dershowitz
just provided the Senators that are in
that danger zone
you know they if they vote one way they
might lose their job but if they vote
the other way they might lose their job
that very few senators just got a simple
clean fake because so should they decide
to vote with the other Republicans
here's what they say Alan Dershowitz
presentation on whether or not these
were constitutional charges were so
strong that we could ignore the
specifics because it doesn't pass the
first test of being something worthy
that they're rises to the level of an
impeachable offense
matter what the facts are so we we don't
need to have an opinion about whether it
was a good idea for the president to do
this we can still say it wasn't we don't
have to have an opinion about whether it
was quid pro quo or not we don't have to
know if an opinion about any of that
because you can stop with Dershowitz
opinion that it's not impeachable tell
your base you know I've got two
responsibilities one is of course to the
people but another is to the
Constitution and I'm not going to
degrade the Constitution by turning
something that's kind of specific into
something that's kind of vague by
precedent because then we'll never have
another president who completes a term
if if the Congress is the other party so
I think Dershowitz did what he needed to
do which is he gave the people on the
fence a clean argument just look at
Dershowitz why he said is what I said
and now you can vote for the president
rush limbaugh again was talking about my
tweet about bolton the so-called
Bolton bombshell somebody under
ironically called it a a bolt of
lightning they should have called it a
Bolton of lightning but they missed the
opportunity and what you see when in the
reason I'm mentioning that Rush Limbaugh
was talking about my tweet it's the
second time this week and the same topic
of impeachment a different way at this
time and what I tweeted was that the
Bolton manuscript proves that the
president is should not be impeached
because Bolton's story is that the
president was worried about about
Ukraine and corruption so once you've
established that the president genuinely
cared about corruption and Ukraine and
other countries not paying their share
and other things that's all you need to
demonstrate as long as there's a
national interest it doesn't matter if
it's also good for the President as
Dershowitz also explained but here's my
point
and every time I see an example of this
I'm gonna call it out until you see the
pattern we are no longer a
constitutional republic the way we
always had been through history because
of the internet there are voices in this
case it was mine where I simply had a an
idea that was worthy that's being shared
so because my idea was good a lot of
people saw it and then they apparently
they were tweeting at or or sending him
to Rush Limbaugh and saying you should
read this on the air and then he did so
rich Rush Limbaugh has you know far
bigger audience than I do
mine's pretty big this is far bigger and
then basically everybody seeing that at
that point and I think that we've
reached something like an idea
meritocracy meaning that if you have a
good idea it's gonna get to the right
place because we we've developed
somewhat accidentally and you know I
think Jack Dorsey gets the win on this
one for building Twitter Twitter allows
a good idea to find supporters and then
and then grow from that small good idea
into something that actually forces the
politicians to move in that direction
because the public's already there so
keep watching for that we have him we
have an idea meritocracy instead of a
constitutional republic and we just sort
of drifted into it I was looking at the
CNN pundits who are trying to find
something wrong with the president's
legal case and so here was a funny one
from Gen besakih writing for CNN and she
said their president Trump's defense
team failed at their most important job
and I thought uh-oh
his defense failed at their most
important job you mean the president's
gonna be impeached I mean they failed to
keep him from being a peached no no
that's not what she meant
she says they failed at their most
important job which was making a clear
and compelling argument that there was
no need here for a Bolton well
did he hear anything I said about
dershowitz I would say that they
absolutely hammered their the thing they
needed to do the thing they needed to do
was to give the Senators on the fence a
clean easy way to vote for the president
instead of against them and they did
that is a gooda matter that bolton
testifies nope not if you accept the
Dershowitz argument and it's so strongly
you should if you accept the Dershowitz
argument and he said he said directly
more than once he said it at the
beginning and he said at the end no
matter whether the Bolton the new Bolton
information is correct or not correct it
has no bearing on the decision because
none of its impeachable the the true
version or the fake version they're both
not impeach ball doesn't matter so Jim
besakih saying that they missed their
most important job and that's just not
true
they made her entire question irrelevant
that's as good as you can get all right
here's a question for you just sort of a
general way to predict what's going to
happen and I've seen a few people ask
this question on social media how many
people would switch from Trump let's say
they voted or supported Trump in the
past and vote for a Democrat versus how
many Democrats are likely to for the
first time switch and support Trump it
reminds me a little bit of those old
Apple computer and IBM commercials and
somewhere along the line when when IBM
was still making personal computers and
they were the main competition for Apple
somewhere along the line someone at
Apple cleverly realized that when people
move from the IBM PC over Tapley almost
never moved back but very few people
will move from Apple to IBM so it's
basically it was always a one-way
direction and sure enough that predicted
where we are today
where I live in Silicon Valley you don't
even see a Windows computer I mean it's
the rarest thing if you see a laptop at
least within the Silicon Valley San
Francisco Bay Area if you see somebody
with a laptop and they happen to be in
the technical world it's an apple
pretty much every time so Apple won
because they did have that quality where
when people change their minds they only
changed it in one direction
I think that's starting to develop with
Trump versus at least the generic
Democrats anecdotally I'm hearing and
this is just anecdotal and I totally I'm
hearing people who were going to vote
for Trump for the first time but I'm not
hearing people saying Trump disappointed
me
I'm gonna go vote Democrat now I'm not
saying it won't happen I'm just saying
that it started to shape up like it's a
one-way it's a one-way path so watch for
that alright let's talk about closing
the borders
so apparently Tibet is gonna close their
border with China and Hong Kong is
talking about closing the closing
traffic coming in and out of Hong Kong
and I think even says yesterday the
number of people infected as may be
doubled and there's and the the
estimates are climbing every day and so
here's the question which I'll just ask
every day I guess I'll just ask this
every day why does our government not
tell us why they've decided to not close
all of our traffic coming in from China
now I know they have expanded the the
checkpoints so there are more airports
being checked from more destinations
from China that's great I'm glad that
they're checking people coming in but we
do know the checks don't work meaning
that unless somebody's already feverish
and I think that's the main symptom may
be coughs I'm not sure but if they don't
have symptoms yet you can't tell and
apparently there might be you know tens
of thousands of people with no symptoms
so we know our government has
implemented a set of processes that
can't work completely they could slow it
down they can get the obvious cases but
we know I can't stop everybody so how
much do you let him well I saw some
really bad arguments well first of all
let me say this look for the dog that
isn't barking can you tell me who is the
face in our government who's in charge
of deciding if the airports or open or
closed right do you remember seeing
anybody who was identified as being in
charge of that decision do the airport
stay open or closed do we let you know
what do we do with China traffic who is
that because you know on some level of
course it's always the president but
isn't there a cabinet-level person
somebody is there not a person we should
see on the news every single day
explaining to us why that why what we're
doing is better than closing the
airports where's that person the fact
that you haven't seen that person tells
me the government is failing you all
right if the government could give you a
person this is this is a person
responsible here's why we have not yet
to close the airports we might but this
is why we have not yet even if you don't
agree with the reason if you don't have
that person with a face with a job that
was job it is you know maybe with the
president's approval of course but short
of that you haven't see to have you
people are saying the CDC but who who's
the face who's the person why are they
not in every interview every 10 minutes
on TV all the time there's something
missing right that missing part should
make you distrust your government's
motives because if everything was on the
up and up you would know who that person
is and they would be interviewed every
day every day
there's something about this process
that isn't working and let me let me
just put this thought out there if this
is somehow a political decision and it
might be right it might be a political
decision I hope it's not a political
decision I hope it's a health and
welfare and security decision but what
if it's a political decision I would
like to put this thought out here
no president ever got ever lost his job
or her job by being too cautious about a
pandemic let me say that again nobody
ever lost their job by being too
cautious about a pandemic but if
President Trump is not cautious enough
you can definitely lose your job for
that indeed if we don't close our
airports and this thing gets into her
country and starts killing people by the
hundreds or thousands how could you
possibly support Trump for re-election
I couldn't could you so he has a he has
a political risk of losing the election
but there's nothing he could do in terms
of being overly cautious that could cost
him even one vote there's not one person
who would vote against him if he went
too tight and was too cautious but I'm
telling you I'm getting close to voting
against him just for not talking about
it enough so I'm close to the edge where
this issue should it you know grow and
more people in the United States get it
and the deaths are coming in if we see
that how do you support the president I
mean really how could you that would be
such an egregious failure all right
egregious I've seen some people who were
bad at economics argue that we shouldn't
yet close travel from traffic because
the economic cost I want to just dig
into that a little bit would there be a
let's say a formidable or
cost that's just so high that we can't
stand it if we closed travel for let's
say 30 days because 30 days a long time
in the life of one of these pandemics
maybe if you could stop travel for 30
days just to pick a number we can get a
get a get a good foothold now what's the
economics of that now remember we're not
talking about stopping trade trade
wouldn't stop we're only talking about
human beings how much trade would be
lost because for one month human beings
could only talk to them talk to each
other on the phone or video chats or or
e-bill whatever how many deals would be
lost simply because people had to wait a
month to fly close to none right how
much would the travel industry losers if
the people who wanted to fly you know
between China and United States this
month suppose they had to wait till next
month well first of all most of those
people who waited a month still have to
go so most of the people who didn't go
with this month let's say hypothetically
the travel was shut down between China
and us the people who didn't go would
still have to go if they were visiting
family they still got to visit their
family they just do it later so it might
not even have that much of an impact on
travel except that one month would be
low but you'd probably have the best
month you ever had the month after it
wouldn't be enough to compensate but
probably 80% of it would just come back
the next month so and then other people
were making this terrible economic
comparison this is this is why I wrote
lose you think my book that you should
read people were saying that so few
people have died from this coronavirus
compared to say a regular flu which
actually can kill thousands of people
every year or let's say car crashes so
somebody said well if you're going to be
that cautious shouldn't you stop people
from driving cars to which I say
analogies do not win arguments you may
have heard me to say that it is a
ridiculous
comparison of a mature risk that there's
basically you know woven into the fabric
of our entire economy versus a risk
that's just starting and we don't know
how big I could get you can't compare
those things because on day one of the
AIDS epidemic more people died from
stepping on rakes right on day one the
first day that anybody ever found an
AIDS virus this is more hypothetical
than than literal the first day that
somebody got AIDS and died a human being
there were more deaths from people
stepping on rakes they here right so
would you say well AIDS is no problem
cuz look one person died versus all
these people who drown in swimming pools
and car accidents and dragged themselves
to death so why worry about AIDS because
AIDS is gonna grow quickly that's why
you can't compare day one you'd have to
look at what it could be could become
and make make your decision based on you
know risk management so a lot of people
were really bad at comparing things and
looking at the economics way in and it's
a good thing I'm here to fix that for
you apparently Boris Johnson over in
Great Britain has decided they're going
to use China's Huawei company for their
for their networks now that's a problem
because China the government use we
believe least the United States believes
they use this company to spy on anything
that crosses the network so this would
in theory gives China the government
utility to snoop on all of the Great
Britain traffic and so you might ask
yourself what the hell is Boris Johnson
thinking to the point where people are
suggesting online that we not do a trade
deal with Great Britain because we don't
want to we don't want to be dealing with
them because all of our information will
be stolen anything that you do with
Great Britain from now on presumably
would
be known by China or could be so Piers
Morgan tweeted on this he said big call
by Boris on huawei not least because it
will infuriate president Trump he's now
saying that's a good thing but he's just
saying well that's what makes it big and
this should end any fears our Prime
Minister will be a lap dog to the White
House well maybe but doesn't this make
him a lap dog to China isn't it better
to be a lap dog to the United States if
your Great Britain than to be a lap dog
to China looks like those are the only
two choices and he picked the wrong one
here's a question that keeps coming up
and again here's another economic lesson
for you in small I'd been saying that
wouldn't it be great if there was some
way to bat on climate change because
then and all the people who were so
certain or their views that it's a
problem or not a problem could could bat
they just get into the betting market
and everybody would think they would
have an advantage and I suggested that
we already have that opportunity because
there are insurance companies there are
big insurance companies that insure lots
of stuff and therefore you could just
bet on the insurance companies if you
think climate change is not going to be
a problem well they probably can charge
greater premiums for it every year
because every year they'll adjust the
rates so next year they might say hey
well throw a 2% on there for climate
change risk so in theory if you believe
climate change is not a risk these
insurance companies would look like
pretty good bets because they would
charge for this risk but not have to pay
it out according to you now people said
no that doesn't work because these are
big multi business Multi multi national
insurance companies and one type of risk
isn't necessarily going to move the
stock enough that you could isolate it
so it's not it's not a clean play to
which I say if that's not a clean play
then we don't have a problem with
with we wouldn't have any problem with
climate change if it doesn't reflect
into the profits of the insurance
companies in a big way let me say this
cleaner if it were true that we would
not notice any particular insurance
company having a really bad ear because
of climate change now or anytime in the
future if there's no insurance company
that's going to go out of business from
this it is also true that climate
changes it's not that big a problem
right it can't be a problem if all
insurance companies are gonna say well
yeah we are losses on climate change
were pretty big but we made it up on car
insurance and life insurance and stuff
there's no world in which climate change
can go bad the way the people who say it
could go bad will go and insurance
companies can still make money it's not
a thing at the very least they would
have to stop covering things they used
to cover so in every scenario even if
they found a way to limit their losses
the the number number of things in which
they could insure would drop like crazy
so there is no world in which the
insurance companies are not hugely
affected by climate change if climate
change is the risk that the scientific
community is telling us I saw an idea
from a Bloggie Srinivasan talking about
some kind of a blockchain situation
where you could have a certain set of
thermometers you'd have to agree on
which the ER monitors were part of this
but the thermometers would just
automatically register their
temperatures ideally without human
intervention if you could control such
things and it would report it and then
people could gamble using their
cryptocurrency just for this purpose
they could gamble whether the
temperatures could be higher or lower
next year and then over time you know
maybe any given year there's there's
some noise but over time if you place
your bet every year for 10 years you
could find out if if your temperature
predictions are better or worse than the
experts so you actually could build a
betting a betting situation
did you all see its it's just huge news
today the Don Lemon interview he was
talking to her Rick Wilson big
anti-trump ER and another gentleman I
didn't recognize Ally somebody I can't
remember his last name but the three of
them got yakking it up about how Trump
supporters are stupid southern
Hillbillies basically they didn't use
those words but they they were pretty
clear what their meaning was and I think
everyone who is a trump supporter looked
at that and a lot of people were not and
said you know if you want a landslide
for Trump do more of that because the
Democrats seem to consistently make the
same play which is instead of going
after the leader or the policies they go
after the people I mean they're going
after people citizens just for having
different opinions and most people
regard that as just way too far and I
think the adjustment to that is to is
that Trump is likely to win in a
landslide if you see more of that you
know one one incident maybe a lot of
nothing but Netanyahu is flying out to
me to Putin right now I guess to talk
about the peace plan now I keep telling
you that we've never been closer to
Middle East peace even though most of
you think it's impossible right most of
you are going to say as impossible Scott
thousands of years of history tens of
thousands of years history it's never
going to be peaceful over there but to
that I say this we've never had this
strong a team meaning that the leaders
of the various countries are all strong
leaders they're all deal makers and they
all and most of them get along with the
exception of the Ayatollah who just got
isolated because he lost his general his
economy is falling apart and the entire
Middle East is sort of anti Iran at this
point except for the places that Iran
actually controls
so we've never had a more conducive
situation you know the people who would
stop it are more flexible probably
because their economies are in shambles
and we've got the right people which is
probably at least half of the battle now
I know what you're thinking
still Scott even with all of these
so-called advantages you're talking
about I still don't think he can happen
because these people will just fight
forever it's just impossible well let me
confess something I'm not just
predicting that's that's not what I'm
doing if you've watched me long enough
especially if you've watched if you've
read win big lis you know that sometimes
I'm just predicting but sometimes I'm
trying to change something
here's specifically what I'm trying to
change in order for anything to get done
by humans in order for humans to say
okay let's do this and then go do it
there's one really important thing that
has to happen first and that is you have
to believe it's possible if you believe
something's impossible
you will put no effort into it well it's
impossible and so in the Middle East the
the first most important thing which
must be accomplished is there for the
public to say you know no matter how
unlikely it is for the first time it
does look possible and so that's what
I'm doing I'm doing it overtly
I'm not trying to hide it I'm trying to
tell people everybody I can talk to that
is possible and only because something's
different
what's different is the group of leaders
are unusually strong very strong leaders
and deal makers it's very important and
Iran is weakened to the point of being
flexible probably they lost their
general probably makes a big difference
so I think we should act as though it is
possible because if we act as though
it's possible you've created at least
the first necessary condition
for it to be possible so it's sort of a
self-fulfilling prophecy I'm going to
tell you it's possible because I really
believe that and based on observation
and the variables and the players etc so
I would ask you to at least accept even
if you think it's deeply unlikely I'm
just trying to move you to but it's
possible but it's possible all right
here's a funny story sort of sort of
funny story there was a football coach
at Grand Valley State University who got
fired because he responded to a student
interview so he was interviewed by a
student and the student asked named
three people you'd like to have lunch
with and the the coach said Adolph
Hitler was one of the three people he'd
liked that lunch with because you know
he was very clear to say he doesn't
support any of the bad stuff the hill
there did but he was noting in his
opinion the hill there was a strong
leader got people to do stuff and he
would like to have lunch with him to
learn that technique well he got fired
for that but there's a punchline here
what was his exact job title and I'm not
making this up this is the simulation
wiki at you the guy who said that he
wanted to have lunch with Hitler just to
learn his technique not because he was a
friend of Hitler and got fired for it
his job description was offensive
coordinator that was his actual job
offensive coordinator and he got fired
for being offensive that's all he got
fired for being offensive and he was an
offensive coordinator well if he want
somebody to not be offensive maybe you
should hire an offensive coordinator
that's what I'm saying all right so I
guess we'll be more more of the
president's defense I think so far the
president's defense defense team
is a plus really really good one of the
things that's interesting too and the
president always gets he gets some heat
for this the president is famous for
saying that he likes people who look
like they came from central casting
people will look good on television
people who play the part and so the
president gets heat for that but I gotta
tell you it does matter the president is
so right about that because if you look
at the the team that's against them you
know Nadler Schiff these are not
television ready personalities if I can
be kind there are people who have maybe
a face for radio
could I say and they're against and I'm
watching the the president's the
president's counsels and they're all
kinda good-looking and and even yeah
have you seen Jay Sekulow hair I was
looking at his hair yes he was on there
and there was up and I was like leaning
into the televisions look at his hair
because I just thought that is the
finest head of hair I've ever seen on a
human being like you could do anything
with that hair you could pick any kind
of hairstyle I mean that's some
seriously good-looking hair and then his
other lawyers or you know tall and
good-looking and they've got powerful
voices and stuff and I would even say
you know if you were gonna pick the the
odd person out in that group and by the
way the you know even Pam Bondi looks
great on camera you know they're they're
just people who look great on camera
Alan Dershowitz eighty years old and in
the past he's had some you know weird
curly hair situation in which somebody
needed to tell him to shave off but at
80 years old he is now he's looks like
he's cut his hair close to his head and
looks great
he looks
eight I mean he just stood up there and
did this long presentation that didn't
look like it missed I don't think he's I
don't even think he's a tenth of a step
slow if you saw it there was no point in
Joshua's presentation when you said to
yourself no point when you said to
yourself wow he's 80 didn't happen he
did a presentation like he was 62 and at
the height of his you know analytical
powers and strength so first of all his
haircut looks great let me say that that
looks great
he should have done that years ago I
mean it just totally improved his his
overall credibility and look and he's in
good shape he's 80 very impressive
all right that's all I got to say about
that and I'll talk to you tomorrow