hey everybody it's a very special single
topic periscope today I get away for a
thousand people to jump in and then
we're gonna jump right into it it's
gonna be short
there will be no simultaneous sip we
already did that today it's gonna be on
one topic and this topic will change the
lives of some of you others of you will
say I kind of knew that but it will give
you a new way to package it so you can
convince other people maybe change
somebody else's life by using this
communication method so this is about
the losing way to look at the world
versus the winning way to look at the
world
this is something I've noticed over my
lifetime that people who are having a
tough time making it in this world have
very similar thinking patterns and the
people who are doing great have also
very similar but different thinking
patterns from the people who are not
doing so well and I want to show you
those so you can choose the one that
works for you let's start with the loser
frame this is a unproductive way of
looking at the world it doesn't mean
that the people who think this way are
losers it does mean that the technique
is not a winning technique and it goes
like this
this is one way of looking at the world
there are people in the world who are
continually doing stuff you don't like
and those people are having a big effect
on you they're making your brain
register all this stress and then your
brain is sending that stress into your
body and it's making you feel bad in a
variety of ways it's making you sick and
unhappy and lose sleep and everything
else this rest does and then all of that
is of course going back into your brain
figuratively or at least conceptually
you could think of it as a loop in which
it just makes you sad now how do you fix
this situation if that's how you see the
world it's tough the only thing you can
do is wait for other people to act
different than
normal people that's it your only hope
of getting out of this is if other
people stop acting like regular human
beings all of a sudden because they're
acting like normal people
it's not really reasonable to act to
expect that they will just stop acting
that way so here's a permanent losing
framework if you see the world like this
you see yourself as a victim of these
other people who just don't seem to
change so what's the productive way to
look at this well without changing any
facts in the world without making
anything different about what you
perceive here's the way winners look at
the world and it's pretty consistent I
think you'll notice that the winners
will often think this way it goes like
this
the way winners think is that your brain
has different parts and again this is
conceptual I'm not saying everybody who
does well in life thinks of it exactly
this way
but once you see and I think you look
great but we have this little executive
decision part of our brain just a small
part that can make rational decisions
for example that part of your brain
could say I'd better go to college I'd
better learn a skill just a rational
decision this bar says I hear it's good
to go to the gym so I'll build that into
my schedule rational decisions we're not
rational species this big part of your
brain is doing a whole bunch of
irrational stuff but still there is a
little part of our brain that can make
perfectly rational decisions about the
easy stuff do I go to the gym what kind
of a diet do I have you know the things
that take care of yourself now let's say
you make good executive decisions you do
the things that people through the
centuries know work increasing your
talents tack works every time learning
works basically every time being nice to
people having good manners staying out
of jail they're easy logical things that
you can make your body do you can make
your body not pick up that piece of cake
and instead you can make your body pick
up
softer that's a little healthier for you
you can make your body have the right
body language so people appreciate you
as cetera under this model you make
these little executive decisions about
what your body will be doing now that
includes your mind and includes what you
say I'm not talking about literally just
your arms and legs I'm talking about
going to school I'm talking about you
know driving across town if it makes
sense to do that all the things that
your body does and in this model
everything you do influences other
people do you notice how this is the
reverse of the loser opinion and the
loser framework other people are the
cause of all your problems and this
framework you're making decisions your
body is going out and doing things and
you are the one influencing other people
the way they treat you is an outcome of
your executive too soon and what you did
let's say your executive decision was to
go to school and get a degree does that
affect other people
absolutely those other people now who
feel differently about you they act
differently they offer you jobs if you
tell your body to act polite even when
you're not feeling polite does that
affect other people
absolutely other people were responding
to your politeness usually with
politeness they will like you better
et cetera if you tell your body to show
interest in people even if you don't
really feel it so you asked them about
themselves you listen you're a good
listener does that affect other people
absolutely if you act like a good
listener even if you're not feeling it
but if you act like it if you get your
arms and legs of mouth to be a good
listener these people will be influenced
they'll say I like that person good
listener cares about people with empathy
I think that would be a good manager
somebody I want to meet with etc now in
this model if you your executive
decision moves your body your body
influences other people both the things
that your body doing is doing and the
things that other people are responding
with are making you happy in this model
you are controlling the entire flow now
does that mean that the loser for a
is a hundred percent debunked no they
both run at the same time it is true
that other people are just doing stuff
that's making you unhappy I can't change
that but you can understand your world
differently and take control if you
understand that your executive decisions
that move your body are what is
programming other people at least the
other people that are affected by you
directly you're programming those people
and that programming is the thing that
makes you happy because they are loving
you they are hiring you that are giving
you raises they're saying good things
about you they're becoming your friends
or doing your favors and it's all
because they're getting something out of
it they're not doing it because they're
good people although some might be
they're doing it because you programmed
them you programmed them by the way you
act that is the winning frame now you're
probably thinking to yourself are you
who do you know who has the winning
frame versus the losing frame and this
is a sort of lesson that is going to
become more profound as you think about
it
the more you think about it you're going
to start noticing people the people who
just can't figure out how to make it in
life are all the people who think
they're victims of what other people are
doing the moment you can reframe that as
you you are programming other people
which by the way is a different way of
explaining the Dale Carnegie method
there's a reason that Dale Carnegie has
been a best-selling book for how many
decades decades after decades it's
because it works and the Dale Carnegie
effect the Dale Carnegie gave nothing
among other things it teaches a wide
variety of things but one of the things
that I find most important is that you
learn that you are the the agent of
reprogramming your environment people
will respond to you based on what you do
so you were programming them all the
time if you allow them to program you
they will they will they'll fill in the
blank if you're not programming the
people around you they will program you
guaranteed so you only have those two
choices
get programmed and have no control over
your life or become the programmer
somebody that somebody in the comments
is saying hello Jordan Peterson I would
contend I have an urge or Demeter s'en
say this exactly but I'm pretty sure
it's compatible with the things he says
you will notice that all the people that
you recognize good at this stuff
meaning good at understanding strategies
for being successful I would I would be
willing to bet that a hundred percent
are compatible with what I just said
probably every person who really gets it
probably every person who does that
remain a billion dollars understands
that they are the agents programming
other people as soon as you think it's
the other way around that's what's going
to happen its self-fulfilling so yes I
think you'll see this quite a bit I
thought I would put this in one crisp
little video and I'm gonna end it right
here but I hope that was helpful and
happy Valentine's Day