and here I
am maybe we should do something how
about a show anybody up for a
show well let me check the stock market
for a see well everything's coming back
look at that green green
green green green green green Green
spies up a little bit tessel up
1.5 all
right good strong day
let me find my comments here then we've
got a
show stop
it why is it
playing I'm sure I can make this work
all right this is uh Boomer trying to
figure out the locals
interface so there I am there's the
top once you get lost then it's tough to
find your way back all right all right
we're good to
go that's what I like to
[Music]
see I'm ready are you
ready good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take it up to Doge levels
you know what I mean all you need for
that is a cup marker a glass of tanker
taal toin a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure the dope
mean of the day the thing that makes
everything better and uh happens right
now it's called the simultaneous hip
go so was so good there are two of them
I don't think there are two of
them or are
there well let's see what's new uh Josh
Holly
Republican uh has introduced some
legislation to make it illegal to use
that new cheap AI from China called Deep
seek now I think it's been tabled which
means that it doesn't have much chance
of coming to a vote but do you remember
my prediction about deep seek and people
said oh no China to figured out a
cheaper way to do things and everybody's
going to use this and it's going to
destroy the American AI industry do you
remember what I said I said
no eventually there will be laws against
it there'll be regulations there'll be
tariffs there'll be some damn thing that
the US government will have to protect
our AI industry and the way we'll do it
is make it
somehow impractical or illegal to use
the Chinese version and here we are now
this particular um effort might not pass
but you can see what's coming right the
the government is not going to let you
use a free Chinese AI That's just not
going to happen and if they did it would
be the dumbest thing that we ever did it
would be the Tik Tock risk times a
trillion I mean this isn't a tough
decision
it will be illegal or impractical or
kneecapped or
something or or has to run on an
American server by the way did you see
Trump the other day um I guess it was
yesterday he was in the Oval Office and
as he likes to do now he was signing an
executive order but chatting with the
reporters and then there were two
visitors to his
office who makes you wonder why they
were there at the same time they just
came in to watch the event one of them
was Larry
ellson and the other was uh uh rer
Murdoch now these are two people that
Trump knows pretty well um
and Larry Ellison was also there not
long ago so it seems like Larry ellon
Larry Ellis seems like he's in the White
House a lot recently what do you think
that's
about I'm going to go out on a
limb and say it could be that the reason
Ellis Larry Ellis and um rert Murdoch
were there at the same time I wonder if
they're going to invest in Tik
Tock do you think that maybe they would
be involved in that or at least Ellis so
I've Got a Feeling there's going to be
an announcement soon about some American
entity buying the the Tik Tock assets
but not the algorithm so look for that
and I don't be surprised if you see
some billionaires partner up to do that
because it's
expensive
um so Trump apparently he's suing the
Pulitzer Prize board members uh for what
he would consider giving a prize for the
fake
news that was reporting on the Russia
collusion hoax so imagine being the
writers for the New York Times and
you're writing about the Russia
collusion like it's real turns out none
of it was real but you missed the entire
story everything that mattered about the
story was that it wasn't real that was
the story so the people who got the
Pulitzer Prize I don't know how many
people are involved but New York Times
got pull it surprise one of the writers
at
least didn't get anything right and got
a p it surprise so this seems a little
extreme to go after the poit prize
committee but on the other hand wouldn't
you like to know how they made the
decision wouldn't you like to know if
the decision was entirely based on the
quality of the
writing or were there any other
considerations such as well let's let's
get that Trump guy we'll give an award
to the people going after him I don't
know I'd be interested I'd be interested
to know but one thing we can say for
sure is that the Pulitzer Prize is worth
nothing um I've told you that before
I'll quickly I'll I'll reiterate in case
you don't know it sometime ago many
years ago uh there was a nationally
known reporter in my my apartment doing
an interview with me about Dilbert and
happened to mention that his spouse was
on the Pulitzer Prize committee so she
would be one of just a small group of
people who would decide which books
would win the pool at surprise and do
you know what the system is they only
look at the things that people submit so
you have to submit your own work if you
don't submit it it's not up for the
consideration so they first of all are
only looking at the people who
submitted and then they just read the
books and then they talk about which one
they
liked why in the world is that a
prestigious prize what what is is that
little group of book readers the best
book readers of all time and their taste
should extend to the rest of the world
it's a ridiculous prize you know I do
appreciate prizes where experts make the
decisions experts or a prize where the
entire public decides oh you're our
favorite actor or actress I get that I
mean that's a pretty that's a pretty
good prize if the entire group voted for
it but if you won three and votes in a
five person
committee that means nothing nothing you
you know that they're going to be virtue
signaling and saying oh here's one about
a uh crippled black lesbian so this is
the best book ever written you know it's
like that right so no the bull surprise
is a ridiculous
thing while the US Navy according to the
Daily Mail the US Navy has a a big old
laser weapon they're testing and
apparently they can just laser out of
the sky uh a drone from 5 miles
away now what used to be the problem
with lasers is that they would use up
all their energy and then you know you'd
have to recharge them how you going to
do that it's going to take while so
they'd be vulnerable during the
recharging stage but this particular
laser is apparently powered by the power
of the ship and the article didn't say
it but um I think that means the ship is
powered by a small nuclear
reactor which means that it can kind of
keep that weapon running the whole time
so um I'm guessing the ship maybe the
ship has to slow down maybe it doesn't I
don't know maybe it can do both maybe it
can navigate and also fire at the same
time but it can very at the least it can
fire all day long so it can just keep
firing has infinite uh infinite
ammunition because it's just energy and
it's creating the energy where it sits
so that's kind of
amazing do you think we can get to the
point where no I guess I think clouds
are still a problem right if you're
using a laser
weapon can you use zap through a cloud
if you if you can identify where
something was I don't know about that
maybe the laser can go through the cloud
you just have to be able to identify
where you're shooting by some other
means but anyway that could be one of
the biggest changes in all of military
history moving from bows and arrows to
guns to Rockets to
lasers you we were always going to be
with lasers it was always going to
happen all right um it's called the
helos system all right let's talk about
all the
hoaxes you ready for this you're not
going to like it because not all the
hoaxes are on one
side that's just the way it is
sorry all right uh do you remember the
news that uh that the Doge people had
found uh that there was a $50 million
budget for uh condoms for
Gaza do you remember I said that's not
real and people said oh Scott you don't
understand you don't understand how bad
it is that's real and I said that's not
real the the closest that could be to
real is that there was money allocated
for Reproductive health
services and the News came out that
there was money for Reproductive Health
Services now you could argue that we
shouldn't be spending it but if you're
going to give Aid to
Gaza and you said what's the thing they
need most well I would think somewhere
in the top three or top five would be
reproductive health I that's got to be
right near the top of anybody's
requirements so the big question would
be Aid or no Aid um if you're going to
do the aid you might as well do the
things that people need the aid for and
that would include all manner of
reproductive things condoms would be
very low on the list but maybe it's
better than unwanted pregnancies I
suppose especially in that situation so
I think uh Trump took the 50 million and
took it up to 100
million just because he's Trump so he
can um now there's there was also a
separate story that the Gaza was not
Gaza as in Israel's uh fight with Gaza
but there's another place called Gaza in
Africa have you heard of this part so
apparently there was some Aid that may
have also included reproductive Health
which means it might have also included
some condoms for a place called Gaza in
Africa
now I'm not sure if that's true or not
but here's the thing there was never $50
million just for condoms for Gaza so if
if you thought that was 100%
true it wasn't 100% true but was it
directionally
true yes is meaning that if it's in the
category of reproductive health and it's
a lot of money and it was going to the
to the Gins yeah I mean it's
directionally
true but it sounds pretty bad when you
say it's just
condoms so I don't mind when Trump
exaggerates things that are
directionally accurate which is we
should take a look at why we're giving
anybody any money for anything that's
okay with me let's take a closer look do
you remember when uh Trump uh turned on
the spigots and uh created all that free
water for California when we needed it
the most do you remember what I said I
said
really
really he he just said open the
spigot then all the problems were solved
that doesn't sound real to me so I've
been looking into it and looking into it
and then the next thing I found was that
the water situation in California is way
too complicated for anybody to
understand and
explain it's just too complicated but
the best I can determine is that not all
the water is connected so if even if you
turn this spigot in one part of the
state it doesn't mean that the
firefighters in LA are getting any more
water and indeed apparently they did not
uh but but you're saying well that's
okay as long as the farmers got more
water there's no indication that any
Farmers got more water but that's okay
as long as we don't run out water for
residents you know cuz sometimes we have
to have to manage our water in
California and we have to cut back so if
at least solve
that but there's no indication to solve
that where' the water
go and then there's some people saying
that he made it worse because he
released some water from some dams that
we might need later in the year when
things get too dry and then other people
who know even more
say no uh this is before the snow melts
once the snow melts those dams that were
already nearly full would be overfilled
and they would have to release the extra
water anyway so all Trump did was
release the extra water a few weeks
early to basically
nothing so here's my challenge to you if
you can find any evidence that Trump
released some water to any body who
could use it let me know okay CU I'm not
aware of any water that went to
anybody but does it make a great story
it really does it's one of the best
first CEO stories do I mind that Trump
is creating a let's say a brand or
reputation or I'm going to say Legend I
mean at this point I think Trump has
already passed that in politics he's
sort of operating in leg territory you
know you you can avoid the assassination
attempts you avoid the jail you came
back against all you know Against All
Odds that's not politics right that
that's Legend you know they're only a
few figures who have ever been in this
category
um so as a legend he's much more
effective meaning that he can get stuff
for me and for you
and for Americans that he wouldn't be
able to do if he were a politician that
would be the first term first term
politician second
term legend the legend can get way more
than a non- Legend So if uh embellishing
his early
successes solidifies his
Legend that's probably more good than
bad but we still need to fix our water
problem
California I'm pretty sure that's not
fixed so separate separate
conversation do you remember the story
about uh uh Trump is suing 60 Minutes
for editing uh the comml Harris
interview and apparently the edits made
her look smarter than she was and the 60
Minutes defense is it was ordinary
editing it was editing but it was the
ordinary editing that they would do for
anybody now I've heard this story and
I've even talked about this story but
you know what I haven't seen and haven't
talked about I haven't seen the edit so
apparently the full transcript has been
released so that you know people digging
into it can see exactly what she really
said and then compare it to the um video
CNN's take is that they've looked at the
transcript and they've looked at the
edit and it's just a normal
edit so do you believe that do you
believe CNN's take that it's a normal
edit let me tell you something that you
wouldn't know unless you've been
interviewed lots of times like I have it
is completely
normal for um entities to change your
what you said and put it in quotes let
me say that again it's completely normal
I'm not saying it's good good is
separate we'll talk about whether it's a
good it's completely normal
for me to do an interview and for them
to make up a quote put quotation marks
around it and and assign it to me did
you know that that's
normal it's
normal it's really weasy and and almost
always they get a quote wrong meaning
that when they make up their quote it's
not what you would have said and it's
not even something you'd agree with
unfortunately that's normal now if the
madeup quote is so bad you know maybe
you'd have some action maybe you'd
demand or you know some correction or
something but I hate to tell you how
normal that is now there's another kind
of normal at it where they make you look
smarter than you were but the reason
they do that has more to do with being
good
TV it's it's not as much about um making
you look good although they do like you
to look good because then other people
will come on your show
if you're a show where you depend on
people coming on and saying what they
think you want to make them look good so
that the next person you ask doesn't say
well I saw what you did with the last
one there's no way I'm going to go into
that you know into that uh torture so
you have to be good to your subjects in
a fairly public way to stay in business
so here here's what would seem to you
like a very inappropriate eded and you
could argue it is inappropriate but I'm
going to only tell you the context how
normal it is so let's say if uh if what
Comm Harris did was stumble over a
question but maybe she she circled back
to it in another part of the interview
this is not what happened I'm just
giving you a for example so let's say
the first time she maybe heard the
question wrong or or she used a word
wrong or she stumbled over a word but
then
a minute later she circled back because
she knew she didn't give a good answer
and then gave you nice tight
answer well you could argue that showing
both answers would be more true because
you could see that she messed up one
answer but then you'd see that she you
know got a tight nice answer when she
thought about it for a moment it would
be completely
normal for the editors to take out the
muffed up answer because it makes a
cleaner video oh this is what she thinks
she said it once not so well she said it
once well let's show the one where she
said it well would that be do you get
sued for that well maybe because in the
ter in the context of a political race
uh can this person think and talk at the
same time is a real big question if it
were a celebrity just let's say any
Hollywood celebrity you would absolutely
make that edit and it would be the right
thing to do because you just want the
right you want them to look good you
want the audience to like it you don't
want them to see all the
uh you know tripping over their own
words so yes that would be an
appropriate edit so where it gets
interesting is that the only
context where that kind of tightening up
editing is inappropriate or at least
questionable is the exact thing that she
would they were doing which is
introducing the country to Kam Harris in
a tense situation under that very
specific
situation the public kind of needs to
see the whole thing because it's The
Stumbling over the words that's that is
the show that's the
meat that that's not the the fluff that
you cut off the top oh let's get rid of
some fluff and get down to the meat no
the meat would would be when she flubbed
something cuz that's exactly what
everybody was looking for so I think the
the Trump people have an argument but I
I think I'm going to side with 60
Minutes uh only on the sense that I
don't think they can win if it went to
court they might settle and that and
that would be a win in itself but uh I
don't think they could win in court
because it's too close to normal too
close to
normal it isn't like like I said it's a
special case but
I don't think it's enough of a special
case to to convince a
jury well uh so uh Jake Tapper was uh
talking to Democrat Chris Murphy and
Chris Murphy was listing all the
terrible things about I don't know Elon
Musk and Trump or whatever but one of
the things in his list Chris Murphy's
list was that uh Elon Musk gave a Nazi
salute and I'm watching this and I'm
saying to myself
is Jake Tapper going to let that go is
he going to let him say that musk made a
Nazi salute when we know that's not true
and Jake Tapper knows that's not true is
he going to let that stand to his
credit Jake Tapper said at the end you
he let he let uh he let Chris Murphy
finish and he said just you know I'm
paraphrasing but he said something like
you know just to clarify um the Trump
campaign says that was not a n Nazi
salute but we haven't heard from Elon
Musk what you haven't heard from Elon
Musk because you think he's going to
 confirm it was a Nazi salute or
you think there's some
possibility it was one you piece of
you piece of Jake Tapper
you know it wasn't intended you know it
wasn't and the reason you don't have a
quote from Elon Musk is because it's too
 stupid to even consider
answering it directly because nobody
with a brain over IQ of 70 thinks that
is real we all know it's a stupid
 question it's a stupid
hoax it's like the fine people hoax it's
despicable that you would even let that
thing continue and it is a
complete complete embarrassment to see
Ann just a total
embarrassment so remember uh the correct
response to the did Elon give
the uh Nazi salute the correct response
is only a idiot would think that
oh oh but oh but but did you see what
his arm did yes and only a idiot
would think he gave a Nazi salute at
that time in history smartest guy we
know standing in front of a crowd
many crowds he's been in front of he
knows how that works and you think
you're so dumb you think he gave an
intentional NY salute you're an
idiot there's no other there's no other
conversation to be had oh oh but his
hand was definitely above his waist no
you're a idiot end of
story so then uh then right after that
cuz I like watching CNN and imagining
I'm telling people all the propaganda as
it happens like I have this fantasy that
I was um I'll get a hold of some college
students or maybe some older high school
kids in a class and say I want to show
you CNN or
MSNBC uh and I'm going to stop it every
time it goes from news to
propaganda stop okay you see where he's
acting as if there's some ambiguity
about the Nazi salute that's not news
that's prop end of what you're watching
all right turn it on the next thing they
do is they go to a package where
somebody's trying to make the case their
correspondent that what Trump is doing
is exactly what the
2025 uh project said he would do and and
all the smart news people have been
warning you they've been telling you
they've been telling you he's going to
use that 2025 as his guideline and now
now two-thirds of the things he's done
are right in line with the document 2/3
y 2/3 and so they smugly rest their
 stupid faces like got it we got
them two we told you H yeah they denied
it those lying Republicans denied it but
two-thirds of what he did two-thirds
look at my smug stupid
face we got him I got him this
time any of you have even been casually
following the
news you
know that when Trump said you know I
haven't read it that's not my that's not
my
document you know that everybody said
that the document was mostly regular
Republican
stuff right don't all of you know that
I'll bet everyone watching here knows
bet every one of you every one of you
probably knows that the document
was always mostly ordinary Republican
stuff and the argument was that there
was some stuff in it that was you know a
little more extreme than the ordinary
Republican stuff and the argument from
Trump was he hadn't seen it so he's not
buying into that stuff that maybe people
think is a little beyond what
Republicans typically
do and
so what CNN discovered in their gotcha
was exactly what the Republicans have
been saying since the beginning most of
that document is normal stuff that of
course we agree with the things that
you're talking about like a I think it
was a national ban on abortion Trump is
on record repeatedly saying he doesn't
want it so that's just one example so
they ended up proving exactly what
Republicans claimed it's mostly mostly
normal stuff
and then there's a bunch of it that
Trump doesn't endorse and he didn't do
any of those things he didn't do any of
those things that he didn't endorse
that's in the
document so they actually ran a piece
that was pure propaganda in which their
idiot viewers who are just kept in the
dark about any kind of context believe
that they saw a proof that the entire
election the Republicans were lying
about the 2025 and the news was right
all along exactly the opposite happened
unfuckingbelievable
anyway
um according to the uh
BBC in the news uh the BBC they're uh
they say they're confident according to
their experts their experts are
confident that the LA fires were being
made worse by climate change H say how
could you be confident about that was
was it because one of your climate
models said that La would have a fire
this year no no there was no model that
said that so if you don't have models
that can predict what's going to happen
in any one micro
location why would you say that your
models are telling you that that was
going to happen in that micro
location way do you find out about
climate models I know many of you
watching this are skeptical about
climate change and the climate models in
particular but way do you find out you
know we're going to talk about us Aid
and finding out you know the the deepest
darkest most corrupt part of the
government has been discovered and it
probably blew your mind when you first
started learning about us Aid way do you
find out about the climate models it
it's the only thing I can say with
complete certainty oh there will be a
day might not be that far away but
someday is going to be a whistleblower
and somebody who actually works on the
models is going to tell you how they do
it and you're not going to like
it and and this is one that I could wait
forever for you know sometimes I'll make
a prediction it's like 20 years off and
I'll be like I can wait all you can mock
me for 20 years I'll just wait and there
it is but yeah way till you find out
about the models
all right
um so the other things that are sort of
fake news is there's no Panama
deal Panama uh made an offer to get rid
of the Chinese um operators of the canal
in two years when the the deal was going
to expire when that was reported by many
people as a big
success um I said there's no deal that's
an offer
until Trump says there's a deal you
don't have a deal that's just an offer
and so what did Trump say when he was
asked about it goes we'll see we'll see
it's it's not everything I want so Trump
was still negotiating so no we don't
have a deal in Panama we have an offer
the offer seems like a um I would say a
good faith offer I hope so um but Trump
may say good faith or not faith our you
know our national interest requires
something extra maybe something faster
maybe something that involves I don't
know could be something else so Trump
being good at negotiating doesn't just
say yes to the first offer he says
that's a good start what else can you
give me because you're not there yet so
he knows how to do this so trust him he
knows how to do it uh likewise the
Mexico deal is not exactly a deal
until until a lot of other things are
decided but it does appear that Mexico
says they're going to put 10,000 people
on the border and
Canada U may also not be the deal that
we think it is meaning that uh they may
not be able to do the things that they
said there there was a whole bunch of
offers that came out of Justin uh
Trudeau's office he he posted it on X um
he was going to do things like uh create
task forces to work on fentanyl put uh
lots of bodies on the border have a
whole bunch of fental related you know
legal efforts so it was a pretty long
list and it looked pretty serious and it
looked like kind of exactly what you'd
want them to do and there was a budget
attached and everything but apparently
the Canadian government is in such
disarray with Trudeau having resigned
but still in the job that it's unclear
whether they can budget and
execute so they may have made a promise
that they can't deliver or can't deliver
right away or it'll depend can't deliver
till the I know the government changes
or or they do something to pass a new
budget so that might be a little lost in
the it might get a little lost in the
bureaucracy we'll
see um but that's why both Mexico and
Canada have 30 days because they're not
there yet the the reason Trump put put
off the um put off the tariffs on Canada
and Mexico for 30 days is because they
were moving in the right direction not
because they were there if they were
there where where Trump needed them to
be they wouldn't delay 30 days they
would say Okay tariffs are off you gave
me what I need but he also talks about
tariffs being a you know source of
income and he loves them so you maybe
nothing makes them go away now on CNN
one of their dumbest panelists I can't
remember which one uh the one who always
does the overt talking of Scott Jennings
you know whenever he talks she goes and
shakes her head like a bobblehead so
that you can only look at her uh she
said that Trump failed on Mexico and
Canada and you would say wait
what uh both of them offered him what
you know at least some part of what he
wanted
and her argument on CNN was no all they
offered was what they were going to do
anyway so he didn't get
anything
what what what reporting is that based
on now I mention it because it's in the
realm of something that could be true
meaning I don't reject it automatically
but what reporting is she seeing I've
seen no reporting that says Canada was
going to do all those things anyway so
all they did was tell you what you they
were going to do anyway
I think did she just make that
up I I don't even understand how that
could be on TV because if it's true then
all the reporting would say that on CNN
and MSNBC and they'd say haha he got
nothing but is there only one if only
one person believes it was going to
happen anyway so nothing
happened how do you keep that person on
the air I mean that's just making up
stuff isn't it but I I'm open to be
wrong I I'm open to finding out there
was something to that complaint I don't
think so but I'll be open-minded for a
minute or
two anyway uh according to the Gateway
pundit and other sources as well there's
new survey KPMG survey that says that
half of Canadian businesses 48% actually
are planning to move production uh or
Investments to the us to stay
competitive
uh let me put this in
context so Trump says they would make a
good
state but you say to yourself oh Scott
come on there they're not going to go
from a country to a state like nobody's
going to do that I mean it's so far away
so far away from anything that's
possible it's way outside the realm of
possibility because they're a whole
functioning country
if you're a whole functioning country
you're not just going to give yourself
up to be a subset of some other Nation
that's never going to
happen did I mention that half of the
Canadian businesses are looking are
looking to move to America if half of
your businesses are looking to move to
America I'm going to whisper this in
Biden fashion because it needs a Biden
whisper if of your companies are
considering moving out of your
country uh you're already not a country
uh you're more like a Schrodinger's Cat
Country you you might be a country but
there's just as good an argument that
you're not one already because you can't
even keep your businesses if half of
your businesses are looking to get the
hell out of your country and they have
the ability to do so and they're
operation they've already got plans and
operations to move out of your country
you're already closer to a state than a
nation now I'm not going to predict that
Canada will become a state but every
time I think that things are a mile from
possible and then Trump keeps talking
and then something happens where I go
really could this actually tip in the
the direction of actually
happening we're we're watching Trump
just change reality right in front of us
like what is possible I'll tell you but
I I have mixed emotions about this one
my common sense hahaa I don't have any
um tells me there's no way that Canada
becomes a state just no
way but then I see stuff like that that
half of the compan of the companies want
to get out of there and then Trudeau's
already
resigned I don't know maybe they're not
as much of a country as they think they
are maybe it's closer than you think
I'll still bet against that but uh Trump
you know shaking the box that hard it
always works for
him Trump goes in and Shakes the entire
box well we're going to make you a state
no no no no no no well we're going to
put a tariff on you oh no no no no oh no
well how about you just do a whole bunch
of things you weren't doing to secure
the Border
uhuh
okay watching Trump shake that box until
they will take absolutely any path that
gets the box to stop shaking because the
thing they can't stand is just shaking
oh you got to stop shaking this box well
what are you going to do for me well I'm
not going to do anything for you shake
shake shake shake shake shake shake hey
I can do a little for you can you shake
shake shake shake shake shake uh I can
do a lot for you I can do a lot for you
shake shake shake shake shake shake I
can do more than I've ever said I could
ever do for anybody shake shake shake
shake shake shake I can do more than
anybody in the whole world has ever done
for anybody shake shake shake shake
shake
okay it's fun to
watch one of the things that Trump does
better than anybody when it comes to
persuasion is creating a clear
difference between making him happy and
making him
unhappy Nobody Does that better if you
make me happy oh man I'm going to praise
you your your career will look good
you're going to get votes you're going
to get funding you'll be nationally
loved but if I don't like you I'm going
to primary your ass I'm going to I'm
going to look at charges I'm going to
sue you I'm going to I'm going to basic
take everything I have and put it
against you I'm going to tarff you I'm
going to put my military on your
property that there is no better
technique the single best technique is
to make the widest gap between giving
him what he wants and not giving him
what he wants Nobody Does that better
and that that is real basic persuasion
if you don't get that part right you
know who doesn't get that part right
somebody like like Justin
Trudeau right because he's the nice guy
oh we're nice we're nice we're empathy
we're nice we're nice we're nice oh oh
we're going to fight back hard we don't
like that but we're nice we're nice on
the other things we're nice so be our
friends oh oh we have a mild displeasure
with that thing you're doing oh we don't
like it there's no difference between
Justin Trudeau being happy and being
unhappy like you don't feel any insens
to give him what he wants because he's a
nice guy but you definitely feel an
incentive to give Trump what he wants
because the difference between happy and
unhappy Trump is a really big difference
that's good stuff that's the leader you
want Marco Rubio uh went to El Salvador
and got a nice surprise so uh buy head
of El Salvador who as you know cleaned
up the gang problem in El Salvador by
building gigantic prison systems and
just locking up everybody with a tattoo
I'm exaggerating but only a little
bit he pretty much locked up everybody
with a face tattoo I'm sure they had
other charges but I'm also sure that the
face tattoo was plenty enough so did
that work yes because the gang members
put face tattoos on I'm exaggerating
about the face tattoos to make a point
that he just made sure he got everybody
and
then he makes an offer to the us through
Rubio that if America has a bunch of
criminals from other
countries that he can take some of the
criminals and put them in their prison
system and uh they'll just charge us so
he'll just charge a fee so we'll have a
cheaper solution that keeps them in
prison but not in our prisons and then I
suppose when they get out then it would
be El Salvador's problem about what to
do with them I I guess they'd repatriate
them I don't know they would have an
option
but that's a hell of a good offer isn't
it yeah every every time you see bui's
uh um
actions they they have a trump-like
quality to them don't they like you
don't see a coming which is wonderful
because then you you can't stop talking
about him and thinking about him because
he did something that other people don't
do and you know he made a big he made a
big point that El Salvador's most
important relationship is United States
biggest trading partner um they use the
US dollar and he just wants to make it
super clear that being friends with him
is a good
idea and being against him is a really
bad idea huh huh where did you learn
that so being against them means means
that you're going to be locked up in
prison being for him means uh getting
some excellent suggestions like hey how
about we take some of your excess
prisoners you pay us we've got a prison
system they'll fit right
in that's what you need so here's the
real deal who Kelly is in terms of
persuasion all right if there's anything
else that goes wrong with him I don't
take
responsibility the only the only thing
I'll I'll take responsibility for is
saying oh he's got the full game all
right he has the whole package so he he
does that thing where being his friend
is a way better deal than not being his
friend he gets all of it
right speaking of getting it right um
the big story on the Doge we'll talk
about Doge is that there are uh some
young people who have key roles uh I
don't know how many older people there
are who also have key roles but the ones
we're talking about are four 20ish year-
old kids I'll call them kids because I'm
old who are literally
Geniuses and we're not talking about uh
somebody who just did well on their
SATs right we all know somebody who did
well on their SATs I know people who
acce their SATs I know a guy who got one
wrong on his SATs he was a he was a
server at my old restaurant um young guy
he got one wrong and he retook the SATs
he retook them because he got one
wrong
one one thing he retook it got it all
right now that's a really smart person
and he's not anywhere in the same
category as these four young people that
Elan musk hired they're the real
deal it's one thing to be able to Ace
your
SATs uh that's very impressive by the
way I couldn't do it not I couldn't get
anywhere near that but these guys and
they're all guys they're in a whole
different level I mean you've heard some
stories about what they've done
already and uh so of course the
Democrats who don't know how anything
works are all concerned that these young
inexperienced people are looking at some
of the most important things you know in
the government and making decisions now
they're not going to make final
decisions but they're like a super
weapon that can drill through any
impenetrable topic they will not be
stopped by complexity they will not be
stopped by oh this is hard they will not
be stopped by
anything that that's what makes them who
they are they just won't be stopped now
here's the thing that um I don't
understand but neither does anybody else
and that's going to be my
point if I said to you I'm going to take
this guy who got um 100% of everything
right on the SATs and I'm going to hire
him as my
lawyer could I predict how well he'll do
yes yes you could you would predict that
he's not going to forget anything
important he's going to take the best
arguments he's going to put in the work
yeah that'd be quite predictable but it
would be predictable within in the
Ordinary World because they're ordinary
lawyers who do good jobs and you say
yeah he's going to be one of those I
predict he'll do a good job and you'd be
right you know what you can't
predict
Geniuses
Geniuses and you can't predict the rate
that they can do
anything if you had somebody you know a
Rubik's Cube and they're an
expert they don't do it a little bit
better than you
did it's like they're a different
animal it's like you're looking at a M
you know nothing about you can't look at
these four Geniuses and predict
anything anything except they're going
to get to the bottom of it I don't know
how fast it might be faster and better
than anything you've ever seen in your
life they might be already building AI
tools that didn't even exist just to
solve a problem right that's how smart
they are we're we're talking about Isaac
Newton level like if he needs some
calculus to solve a problem you invent
calculus right that's what we're talking
about these are not normal
people so just the fact that they're on
our side oh my God that's who you want
on your
side uh of course they've been doxed
because the Democrats have one play
which is huh you're smarter than us
maybe we can kill
you they got that one thing huh you're
more capable than we are perhaps we can
change the laws so you can't do that
anymore huh you're really really good at
what you do H maybe we need some Dei in
there to stop that that that's really
all they have is stopping good people
from doing good things that's basically
the Democrat
Party yeah anyway um somebody named
Dylan Patel was on a podcast talking
about uh Elon musk trying to catch up in
the AI world so
um so Elon Musk got I guess you could
call it the late start because he was
early with funding open AI but then he
you know pulled out of that effort and
when open AI burst on the scene um he
tried to be a fast follower but to
overtake them as quickly as possible
with a better game and his game is so
good that he's already built the world's
largest AI cluster 200,000 gpus those
would be Nvidia boxes and I didn't know
this apparently he bought a a factory in
Memphis and he upgraded the substation
tapped into a natural gas line is
burning gas to generate power okay
that's impressive but now he's building
his own natural gas plant next door uh
deploying Tesla megapacks for stable
power and using industrial chillers for
his water cooled chips
so remember I told you that the thing
you can't predict about the four
Geniuses is how fast they can do
anything that's the we don't understand
it's like your dog trying to figure out
why the light comes on when you enter
the room the dog will never figure that
out they just they can't get there so
when you say Elon Musk is starting
behind on
AI it's Elon
Musk of course ahead already of course
he is because he can do stuff that you
can't do so there it is and he hires
people who can do stuff that you can't
do too so yeah he's scaling up fast no
doubt about
it all right let's talk about us
Aid now on one hand it's the hardest
Topic in the world to talk about unless
somebody's already a little bit up to
speed like what the hell is it so it's a
um it's something that the it's part of
the
government but it's a part of the
government that works as a giant money
laundering system for
Democrats now that's not something I
could have said with complete confidence
until Doge got in there and found out
that it's a giant money laundering thing
for
Democrats now it's not the only thing it
does so what makes it complicated is
that it's a mix of maybe some things you
like maybe we funded some things in
other countries and you say you know
that made sense that's for that helps us
uh and it's also good for the other
country but it seems like maybe most of
it or at least way too much of it was
dedicated to absolutely corrupt Behavior
just 100% corrupt and one of the things
it could do is it could launder money
through these NOS these would be a
non-government organization of which
there are
thousands so if you let's see if I get
this right um so if you're a
Democrat and you support funding of us
Aid the US Aid will give some money to
let's say an NGO that's doing something
you like and youd say oh okay there's my
tax money it went to an organization
that has a name at least the name is
stuff I like but then that that
organization has the ability to give
some of their money to another
NGO
what how can it do that well it can
there's nothing illegal about that and
then that
NGO can give money to a
campaign of the Democrat who was in
favor of funding the US Aid now I think
I got that right now you're going to say
to me they can't they can't just donate
the money that the government gave them
back to a camp
no not unless they launder
it they have to launder it through these
organizations so that by the time the
organization donates to something that
helps the uh maybe to a pack or to
something that helps the campaign it
looks like it was just ordinary some
kind of ordinary donation so it does
seem at this point that it's a major
money laundering thing and then you see
people like Bill
Crystal he's getting some money from it
um some say the AOC was uh found by a
process that was funded by the usaid
where they were looking to find you know
young Democrats and turn them into
highlevel politicians she was part of a
process it was like American Idol where
where they interviewed lots of people
and they said hey we could turn you into
something so there are uh countless
examples of what appear to be obvious
corruption on top of what seems to be
obviously bad ideas for funding but
where you see the bad ideas for funding
probably they're just it's just a way to
laer money into something that they
really want to do so now you might say
to yourself Scott uh you don't need to
get rid of it you could just get rid of
the parts you don't like like fire some
managers you know do do a reorg uh get
some real Republican leadership in there
but 98% of them appear to be
Democrats which means that they're part
of the
resistance which means according to uh
OMG the uh o'keef Media Group they just
did an Undercovers thing and they got
one of the USA employees to say on
camera he was it was a hidden camera
that they were to try to basically
burrow in and uh thwart everything that
Trump wants and just wait him
out exactly what you thought was going
to happen because basically the order
can be given and then it gets into the
bureaucracy and then the bureaucracy
just slow walks it and says oh we can't
do that or it's not in the budget or we
don't have people or it's not our top
priority or something so basically the
bureaucracy says we're just going to
thwart you now we only have you know one
person on video but there were reports
and Elon Musk confirmed that that is
apparently the dominant
opinion the dominant opinion is that
they're going to um pretend that they're
cooperating but thwart the
administration so what do you do in that
situation only one thing to do you got
to close the entire thing down and
that's
what uh Trump's going to do just close
the whole thing $50 billion some say 38
billion but it's it's many billions um
of money that they're just going to say
we're going to tuck that function
temporarily uh under Marco Rubio he's
got somebody assigned to it um so it's
part of the state
department whereas before it was sort of
operating as doing stuff for the state
department stuff for the Pentagon and
stuff for the CIA
but now it's going to be tucked under
Rubio and uh he does understand that you
can't just reform it most of it's just
going to have to go
away so if you didn't have people who
understood that the only way to fix it
is to break
it uh you wouldn't have a
leadership if you have leadership that's
smart enough and ballsy enough to say
we're going to just cut this down to
nothing and the only things we're going
to put back because they will put things
back back are when the screaming is so
loud and the argument is so good if you
got a good argument and there there's a
lot of energy we're going to look at it
and maybe that one function gets added
back but we'll keep it under the state
department maybe and not under
USA so it's perfect leadership what
you're seeing it's messy it's violent
not in the you know I'm using that
hyperbolically not violence violence but
it's violent in terms of the rhetoric uh
the the the firings you know the the
death threats the Doge team I was
talking about that got doxed they
already got death threats but
fortunately the Trump doj has stepped in
and said you're going to jail if you do
that again if we catch anybody making
death threats against these Doge guys
you're going to jail yeah and then act
blue the group that collects money for
the Democrats somehow they were getting
they were part of the money laundering
operation that's the allegation I don't
know the details on that but there's an
allegation like
that
um how are the Democrats uh taking the
loss of us Aid which appears to be the
Beating Heart of most of their
corruption how are they taking it well
oh and then I should add that usaid was
also the one as Mike Ben does a great
job of explaining they funded uh
external entities for the purpose of
censoring us domestic people like
me not cool at all USA so that basically
USA did everything you don't want to
happen if it's something you didn't want
and it was corrupt somewhere in USA that
was happening so it's like this grab bag
of corruption um the way Elon uh
described it was one of the best
descriptions you'll ever hear of
anything he said it it would be easy to
think think it's like an apple that's
got a worm in it so if you if you get
rid of the worm you know you still have
a pretty good apple and he says no it's
a bowl of worms there's no
apple that is one of the best visual
persuasive things you'll ever hear
because worms are you can't not see them
if I say a bowl of worms you can see the
bowl of worms and as soon as I say it's
not an apple with one worm it's a bowl
of worms you'll never forget that for
the rest of your life you'll remember
that analogy that's good now that is
good I like the fact that Elon
somehow he's also become an expert in
Persuasion and I don't know to what
extent he studies it or he's just
picking it up by watching it done um if
the only thing he did was hang out with
Trump he would become incredible at
persuasion you just have to watch what
Trump does does watch the visual
language you know watch the just watch
it all yeah and you'll
learn there's an account on X called
aesthetica and um this aesthetica
whoever runs the account I don't know
who it is apparently has some friends
that are connected in the Democrat world
and they're panicking quite a bit about
this USA thing now isn't that
interesting that most of you never even
heard of a USA
didn't even know what it was but the
Democrats are
panicked why would they be panicked over
this thing you never heard of until
recently well let me tell you why
according to
aesthetica talk to a friend who has
connections within the Democratic party
and he said the level of panic over
Trump and Elon shutting down us Aid is
unlike anything he's ever
seen and it goes on a direct quote this
is worse than 911 for
Democrats wow USA is the primary vessel
they use to achieve their political
Agenda USA is and always has been the
primary source of funding for their
influence pedaling schemes and for their
indirect source of income indirect
source of
income everybody you see going public
saying it's a terrible
mistake almost all of them are getting
funded by us a but it's hard to tell
because it might go through a few a few
different stages before it gets to
him another text uh based on the
reactions from within the party it seems
to me that dismantling us8 is Trump's
biggest political Victory to date it was
his enemy's Golden
Goose yep it's their
Bank um and indeed it's a bigger Bank
than Soros you thought Soros was their
Bank he was their second biggest bank
usaid was the big one even including
funding the Soros
prosecutors
USA funded twice as much as Soros did
for Soros
prosecutors just imagine that Soros has
a multiplier so that he doesn't have to
spend all of his money the USA is sort
of matching his donations so to speak
wow um and then it goes on he said
initial Plans by the Democrats is to
have their people of usaid hide the
partisan funding under uh unimpeachable
initiatives so in other words uh funding
AIDS prevention and then people go oh I
can't get rid of that so um they will
push back really hard on certain line
items that on the face look like
reasonable usaid expenditures
so the thing you have to get rid
of is the things that look the most like
something you'd want to keep because
that's where they're going to hide the
good
stuff um so that's where they'll hide
their political spending exactly what I
said now how do you fix that if you know
the Insiders say they're going to try to
hide their funding so that they can keep
their
influence uh budget intact you have to
get rid of the whole thing
there's no other way to play it you got
to get rid of the whole thing and that's
what's going to happen now I do worry uh
and Mike Ben warns against this too I do
worry that we celebrate too soon because
every part of this octopus is going to
be fighting like every arm is going to
be and they're not started yet they
haven't started
yet um now let's see um now let's see
who's against it now the beauty of the
usaid thing like nothing I've ever seen
before is that the people who are the
most
corrupt are the ones who are going to
raise their head like prairie dogs and
take the lead and saying it's a bad idea
to close us Aid and you're going to be
able to identify all of the bad guys
meaning the people who are either
literally corrupt or at least strong
backers of a corrupt
system so Joy reeda claims that Trump
adding any oversight to USA is
equivalent to staging a coup okay there
you go so Joy Reed and MSNBC are part of
the
corruption that's all you need to know
anybody who's taking the side of usaid
now that we know it's a bowl of worms is
a bowl of worms so all the worms in the
bowl are like oh oh don't do it don't do
it I'm a good worm I'm a good worm
no Joy Reed all right so you've uh
you've made yourself obvious Jen saki
also an MSN MSNBC suggests that uh musk
targeting usaid because he was
uncomfortable how the agency combed
corruption oh yeah it's not the
corruption of the agency it's that they
combat
corruption yes what does that sound like
it sounds like everything the Democrats
ever say about everything whatever you
accuse them of they go that's exactly
what you're doing that's what you're
doing it's all they do projection so yes
Jen saki is part of the
worms uh and then
uh uh was it van Jones I think in
CNN um said that
uh that Donald Trump is saying by
cutting us aid for all these valuable
services that he's saying basically we
don't care you go die that's the message
from the United States government
according to Van Jones do you think van
Jones gets any indirect funding from
USA I don't
know but that would be my assumption or
at least friends of his do or you know
important interests do so van Jones we
adding you to the prairie dogs who
raised their head and wanted to back
usaid see see how useful this
is this is the most useful thing you've
ever seen I I tell you all the time that
if you know what happened you don't know
anything because the what happened
always has some context that's
missing the narrative is always you know
magical spinning anyway so if you only
know what happened in this case several
uh public figures said cutting USA is a
bad idea that's what happened you
wouldn't know anything but if I told you
who did it well now you know
everything as soon as you know who the
players are well now you know everything
I'll go on Jamie Raskin is taking the
lead Rasin is like the symbol of the
worst parts of the Democrat you know
lying corrupt machine if he's involved
than anybody else who's taking his
side bow of worms bowl of worms AOC is
taking a strong stand against cutting
the US Aid huh huh bowl of
worms
um
anyway
so there's also a possibility that
Congress especially some Republicans and
this is something Mike Benz warns about
um might not vote to close us Aid
because there's some there's some
conversation about whether Trump has the
right to do what he's doing um but I say
it's within the executive branch so yes
he does but if Congress needs to vote on
it or if they just vote on it um they
could override the president so they
could vote to keep it open for example
and then he'd have a problem but it
wouldn't happen unless some Republicans
voted to keep it open so what's going to
happen if some Republicans vote to keep
it open now that we know it's a bowl of
worms well it would certainly identify
those Republicans as part of the
corruption
do you
agree that there is no way any
Republican can be in favor of keeping
usaid at this point unless they're part
of the
corruption so what happens if they do
what happens if they pop up and there's
a few Republicans who say oh it's so
important we got to keep
it well you're going to have to do
something about that because this is way
too big to just say well that's their
opinion that's the way our system works
so we didn't get the votes all right too
bad not in this one way too big if if if
some Republicans break ranks on
this Trump's going to have to finish him
he's just going to have to put him into
retirement or into jail now jail only if
you know they broke some law but pretty
much all of them are breaking some
law I wouldn't want to start with a
person that looked for the crime but
probably in every case
everybody already knows the crime and
they just have to pursue it if they feel
like it so if you're a Republican and
you're thinking of voting to keep usaid
at this point with as much as we know
about
it you're you better plan for
retirement um or at least lower up
because it's going to get real
expensive and it would be the worst
decision you ever made in your life so
we hope that doesn't happen but it would
reveal who on the democ on the
Republican side is corrupt so we're just
waiting for the little prairie dog heads
to pop up so we can we can add them to
the Rasin AOC
MSNBC bowl of
worms all right I know I'm going to get
taken out of context for calling People
worms let me just be clear people are
not
worms even the people I don't like are
not
worms it's just a good analogy so when I
say they're in the bowl of worms they're
not
worms they're people I deeply disagree
with who may or may not be corrupt but
people are not
worms all right uh confirmation update
so the ones we're waiting on to see if
they get confirmed would be RFK Jr
telsey gabard cash Patel Pam Bondi at
the moment the betting markets have all
of them looking good do you think the
betting markets are an accurate
representation I don't think so in this
case because I think that if any
Republicans break ranks on any of these
candidates um they'd be doing it for
kind of personal corrupt
reasons and I don't think the betting
markets can identify people who have
personal corrupt reasons so I worry that
the betting Market is in no way
predictive um we'll see all I can say is
to remind people that uh uh if RFK Jr
gets voted down by some Republicans
again those are some Republicans who
better be planning to retire right away
cuz life's going to get really hard
after that this this one we're not going
to take like normal
business uh saving children from chronic
illnesses I'm sorry that's a little bit
bigger than politics we're not going to
treat it like politics you you're just
going to have to leave the public scene
if you're going to vote against this you
can't be any part of the public
conversation again that that's the end
of your that's the end of your role in
public one way or the other no violence
of course obviously no violence but uh
the push back's going to be
brutal reputation wise all
right um I saw a meme that I laughed
about for I think 45 minutes straight I
tried to get some work done but I
couldn't I couldn't stop laughing about
it and you've seen the meme where
there's some nervously looking at two
buttons and they only have two
buttons and the meme gets repurposed for
lots of different topics but it always
makes me laugh but I saw one where it
was the
Democrats who only had two buttons and
one of the buttons is labeled bring up
eggs and the other one is labeled bring
up
Hitler now one of my favorite things in
the realm of
humor is when somebody summarizes
something so well that the summary is
hilarious this is a perfect summary the
Democrats have so little left in the
tank like they don't have anything to
run on they literally bring up eggs or
Hitler no matter what you're talking
about huh eggs eggs
or Hitler or eggs eggs or Hiller I I
can't decide now that's funny and it's
not too far off uh uh Greg geld on the
five yesterday was was talking about how
hard it's going to be for the Democrats
to distinguish themselves from the party
of common
sense it's the ultimate High Ground so
Trump just
owns common sense it's why you won it's
the ultimate meet in the middle how
about we just do the things that make
sense and we can argue about the other
things separately common sense now in
order to run against common sense you're
either going to have to make some weird
argument that only you have common sense
and they don't but nobody's going to
believe that uh or you going to have to
argue that uh as as geld said If you're
trying to find some distance between
common sense and the Democrats the
Democrats are going to have to start
embracing beastality and Voodoo
sacrifice because if you're if you're
trying to make some contrast with common
sense it's going to be it's going to be
a tough
task anyway um I would argue that all of
the smart people are on the same side at
this
point the the smart people who are not
on the same side are corrupt or
hypnotized now some of them like I
always talk about my smartest uh
Democrat friend he is clearly just
hypnotized he's clearly hypnotized would
you like a a test to know if you're
hypnotized all right do you believe that
Elon Musk gave a Nazi
salute if you believe it you're
hypnotized like actually literally
hypnotized because that's not something
any reasonable person would believe
that's so far outside the bounds are
reasonable if you ever believed if you
ever
believed that Trump said in public
knowingly and
intentionally those neo-nazis are fine
people if you ever thought that really
happened in the real
world you're easily
hypnotized you and you are
hypnotized if you believe that Trump
once said maybe we should drink some
bleach or inject some household
disinfectants into our body if you think
he ever said any of those things or
anything like it you're
hypnotized right th those are things
that you are more associated with
cognitive distance you don't really need
an argument to learn that those things
didn't happen do you know why I said all
those things didn't happen the moment
the moment the rumor came up because if
you're not hypnotized you don't even
need to look at the details you just say
oh no he wouldn't give Nazi salute no
nobody's complimenting Nazis in public
as from the presidency that never
happened no nobody's
nobody's suggesting ingesting household
disinfectants you don't need to look at
the details on the surface those could
only be believed by people who are
literally literally hypnotized now I
don't mean that they sat in the chair
and somebody you know did a hypnosis
induction but they're not operating in
the real world they're operating in in
an imaginary world in their head and you
can identify it by whether not they
Embrace things like the fine people Oaks
and the Nazi salute as soon as you find
somebody who is it doesn't matter what
their IQ is they're trapped because they
can't use their IQ their IQ just gets
turned off by the
hypnosis so let me modify my statement I
said that all the smart people are on
one side meaning that even if they don't
like everything about Trump they can
recognize that what he's doing are
exactly the things we need to have done
even if it's messy and it will be
messy and they know that cutting the
government budget is not a want it's a
necessity we have to do it and they know
that cutting it in a way that's painful
to a lot of people is
unfortunately 100% required there's no
way around it so all the smart people
who are not hypnotized are on the same
side
now so you have to add the not
hypnotized um let me give you an example
so here's AOC just gave a little video
in which she said I swear I'm not making
this up she was talking about Elon Musk
and she said about Elon Musk quote he is
one of the most unintelligent
billionaires I've ever met or seen then
she added that Elon has a quote lack of
intelligence and lack of expertise and
is quote morally vacant but also just
least knowledgeable about these systems
that we really know of
okay does that sound like a real person
talking did do I need to give like the
counterargument about how Elon Musk
actually is smart no you could just look
at this and say all right either you're
completely corrupt and you're just
trying to save the US Aid with a crazy
argument or you're
hypnotized or you're like my
you know I use this example a lot when I
enter a room the lights go
on sometimes I use my voice to you know
use it with my digital assistant
sometimes I hit the switch on the wall
sometimes the lights are you know motion
detected and my dog doesn't know why the
lights come on when I enter rooms the
only thing my dog knows is that when she
wants me to give her a treat which is
every single time I walk past her
and I don't give her a treat I must be
stupid oh my God I must be the least
intelligent human I've ever met or seen
my dog thinks my lack of intelligence
and lack of expertise in giving dogs
treats is morally vacant but also I
might be the least knowledgeable thing
about the systems involving treats for
my
dog it it's just so entertaining why
watching you know otherwise normal
people go into complete
retardation this is
impressive Nicole Shanahan was on comic
Dave Smith's podcast and said there's a
there's some mystery about uh Bernie
Sanders and she said I quote this is
Nicole shanan I asked myself was Bernie
a scop all along was he a deep state
plant
now uh she's just asking the question
she's not saying that he is but the
mystery is why does Bernie act the way
he
does especially
lately like what's like what's behind it
all was he always you know being run by
somebody else is he still being run by
somebody else and he's just a cutout for
something now I don't know the answers
to any of it but here's what I think is
funny that we've narrowed down what's
wrong with Bernie to four possibilities
we meaning all of us four possibilities
I don't know which would which it is one
Bernie is a deep State scop and always
was two he's an idiot with good
intentions three he's an idiot with bad
intentions or four he's a deep State s
up and also an idiot with bad
intentions those are the only
possibilities you you can completely
rule out he's an honest
broker with good ideas that are
different from yours yeah there's
something going on and whatever it is
it's
bad so four
choices well I didn't know there's a
doge subcommittee in Congress but
apparently Marjorie Taylor green is the
house chair of the Doge Committee in
subcommittee I guess and uh is going to
invite in NPR's uh Katherine
mayor that's the head of NPR and PBS's
Paula ker to testify about their
bias now this is in the context of one
of the uh PBS is it PBS or
NPR um I forget Yuri Berliner which is
he
NPR I think he's NPR um he was
suspended because he complained about
the bias in his employer and now he's uh
apparently now resigned but he said that
they his employer went from a liberal
knee-jerk uh that went from being biased
you know sort of liberal leaning which
you know we understand everybody's
biased so that's not the worst thing but
it went from being just
liberal to a knee-jerk activist scolds
and he couldn't handle that anymore was
that PBS or
NPR the those are those are being
conflated in my mind anyway doesn't
matter because I'm sure it was the same
at both
places so we'll see what comes out of
that um there are more Doge updates
coming there's something about the
Department of Education that's going to
be gutted or removed uh the EPA might
have a thousand employees could be gone
there's something about the the Ned Ned
probably going to hear three more things
the the best thing that doge is
doing uh besides the good work they're
doing is that they're keeping that
Overton window so rapid that the news
can't use their main trick to brainwash
the public the main trick of the news is
repetition if they repeat something
enough their viewers think it must be
true I mean it couldn't be on the news
every single night unless it's true like
somebody would have at some point said
hey this isn't true but if you're on CNN
or MSNBC they don't bring on the
opposite voices that often so although
CNN does does a real effort to do it but
it's it's always a minority voice
um as long as they don't have too many
people too often talking on the other
side they can just keep hitting their
hoaxes until you think they're true but
they can't do that and also pretend
they're a news organ ganization unless
they cover all the new news because
you're not going to turn on MSNBC if
they're talking about what happened last
month you're looking for the new news so
as long as Doge and Trump keep creating
new news and it's it's like a fire hose
they have to spend time on it and so so
their Trump and musk are using up all
their shelf space you know they only
have this this so much time and each
show only has so much much time and they
got to cover the news there's nothing
left for the for the endless repeating
of the hoaxes so if you take
away their endless repeating of
hoaxes it essentially neuters the entire
monster because it's their main tool
their main tool is repetition of things
that aren't true it's the main tool and
the Overton window takes it away it's
brilliant I've never seen anybody do it
like that before but it's
brilliant um so here's where we're
getting close to the line of what is too
far and I do not mind when the Trump
Administration gets close to the line of
what's going too far because often
that's the only place that works
sometimes you got to be close to the
line of what's going too far and that's
exactly where you want to be and I would
argue that in much of what's Happening
getting real close to the line of going
too far is Right Where I want them to be
but I don't want them to go too far so
with that
context um apparently the
uh the Trump Administration has gotten a
hold of the names of all the FBI
officials who worked on January 6 cases
so they've all been identified I guess
or five or 6,000 of them and there were
2400 cases now what the uh
yeah there are 5,000 of them have been
identified so here's the thing you need
to
know uh these are more the worker bees
these are not the
leadership so the the FBI officials who
are working on a Case are the people who
would work on other cases too and they
would be very experienced or they
wouldn't be in those jobs so if you lost
5,000 totally experienced people who
were simply doing what their boss told
them to
do that would feel like too far if if
their only crime was to go to work and
do the assignment their boss told them
too far but uh apparently they're
they're all going to be given a chance
to fill out a questionnaire in which
you'll ask them what exactly did you
do and my hope is that they look at each
of them
individually um I think it would be a
mistake and obviously the Trump knows it
would be a mistake to just fire
them because again they were not the
decision
makers but I do imagine that if the
questionnaire is correctly stated and
let's say they're under oath to uh I
don't know if they'd be under oath but
uh they should it's at least a fireable
offense if they lie on the document I
would think government
document so let's get them on record and
if they ask the right questions and
they're not gotcha questions I I will
not put up with any gotcha questions the
no fake questions on the questionnaire
that's not good enough but if it
identifies something like a strong bias
and I'm not sure how they would um then
maybe in some cases those people got to
go uh if 4,000 of them get
fired I'm not going to be
delighted because I don't know that they
really looked at them individually and
found out something that was you know
decision-making on their part but they
might they might so this one is
definitely right on the edge of too
far uh the thing that makes me pull back
is that they are going to look at them
individually as long as you're looking
at them
individually and you tell us this needs
to be transparent you need to tell us
what criteria you're using IF of them
are
fired and I got to know that the
criteria is being evenly applied and
it's a criteria that passes the sniff
test all right so remember what what I
say over and over again which is if you
supported Trump you're part of the team
and part of that team means that you
need to be a guard
rail wherever a guard rail needs to be
put up now we do like that you know Doge
and Trump have a wide operating birth
right you know that they can they can
operate without being constrained but
that's even more
important why the supporters need to be
the guardrail so let's make sure that we
don't lose you know our own Center on
this make sure that you're helpful
because if you're in the fight you know
and Trump's in the fight yeah elon's in
the fight you could
easily just accidentally you know lose
sight of where that line is
so let's make sure that doesn't
happen
um so one of one of the ideas that Trump
came up with is The Sovereign wealth
fund and I realize that not everybody
knows what that is that requires a
little bit of explanation uh
interestingly Joel Pollock's book the
agenda which came out in the summer the
summary yeah um suggests this very thing
to that the US should have a sovereign
heal fund it's one of many suggestions
in the book it's a book full of
suggestions of what Trump could do in
the you know in the beginning of his
term and it was a great book you should
see it
um so here's what a sovereign wealth
fund is it's basically uh where a
country can make investments and then it
just keeps in the fund and then the
country has access to that fund for
whatever they might need it for later um
which could be more Investments so the
types of things that would be in this
fund would be for example let's say if
Trump gets his way with Tik Tock and he
said hey the government in the United
States should own half of it because if
I don't approve its sale it will be
worth zero so if if the government has
to be involved to make it have value we
should keep part of the value so let's
say that um the government gets a bunch
of shares of Tik Tok and the sale goes
through and maybe Elson or somebody buys
it and then a few billion dollars worth
of value just gets in stock gets put in
this fund now we could sell it or we
could ride it because if we think it's
going up and it's a good investment well
we keep
it then here's another thing
suppose uh suppose the Special
Forces uh start making real progress
against the
cartels I'm told that one of the biggest
things that the cartels do to fund their
operation is gigantic pallets of cash
because obviously they don't want to
write checks for their illegal business
so they have to move gigantic shipments
of physical cash
suppose uh the Special Forces go after
the cartels and figure out where their
giant bundles of cash are well who does
that belong to does it belong to Meo
does it belong to whoever finds it well
I would say it belongs to the United
States government so we take their big
piles of cash and just put it in the
Sovereign wealth fund and by the way
these are just examples I'm not saying
that any of this would happen um how
about how about if there is a joint
venture Beyond Tik Tock that would never
work unless the government was involved
for example let's say uh we wanted to
uh create a mineral here's a good
example uh one of the things Trump wants
to do is keep the mineral rights for
Rare Earth minerals in Ukraine as sort
of a payback for the Military Support we
give them in Ukraine now do you think
that we could be
safe in having a rare Earth mineral
mining operation in Ukraine unless the
US government was part of protect it in
case you know Russia got
aggressive well probably not you
probably couldn't even have that
business unless the US government was
going to protect it with the military so
shouldn't the US government get a share
get a little share of that maybe it
should maybe half right so you can
imagine all these situations that only
Trump could identify because he's the
dealmaker where he would say you know
what you'd better have something for the
Sovereign fund or else you know we're
not going to do that thing or you're not
going to do that thing there's probably
a whole bunch of those situations that
Trump would see that other people just
wouldn't even see I mean the Tik Tock
thing where he says we should get half
of it nobody else saw that the the idea
of getting you know taking control of
the rare earth in Ukraine nobody else
saw that or at least they didn't mention
it so he is uniquely able to see hey why
aren why are we we not making money from
that thing and you need a sovereign fund
to sort of organize all of our thoughts
around it so that then we understand it
go oh he found another thing for The
Sovereign fund oh The Sovereign fund is
up 20% good job now keep in mind that
The Sovereign fund would be an asset
owned by the
government our biggest problem is our
debt if your debt stays the same this
would be wildly optimistic but if our
debt we could get under control and the
asset started
growing at some point the asset could be
big enough that we could use it to pay
off part of the
debt so it's a The Sovereign wealth fund
is actually also a debt relief mechanism
because it gives you that option you
don't have to use it for that but it
gives you the option uh you could put a
bunch of Bitcoin in it uh and there's
probably a bunch of other things you
could do so it's a good idea
um there's a study according to S poost
there's a study that the uh Tik Tock was
better for uh Republicans than Democrats
in this latest election so apparently
there was more there were more Democrats
who saw prot Trump stuff than there were
Republicans who saw pro- Democrat stuff
so that's being defined as being better
for Republicans now
like all
studies it might be true but there are a
lot of things that I have questions for
if the only thing you knew is who saw
what you don't really know anything it
really matters what they
saw if if uh the Democrats were saw more
Trump stuff but the stuff they saw was
the silly stuff like it's not the stuff
that persuades anybody well then it
doesn't matter how much they see they
can see an infin amount of non-p
persuasive stuff it wouldn't make any
difference what matters is exactly what
they see and this doesn't capture that
so remember when the Russians tried to
interfere with their troll their troll
memes and the News treated it like that
was real and it mattered and then you
looked at the actual memes and they were
just ridiculously bad they they look
like a seventh grade school project I
mean really they did seriously they look
like a seventh grade school project now
anybody who knows anything about
persuasion would look at those and say
oh that's the same as
zero it's zero it just rounds to
zero there's not even the slightest
possibility that those handful of
Russian memes that they put $100,000
into could have possibly moved our
election that is not possible
all
right so I wouldn't trust any uh survey
of Tik tok's influence because they
leave out the influence they just count
numbers and that's not how you do
it all right
um I promised you that I would uh some
of you that I'd give you some ADHD hacks
I was listening I was watching a big
thread on X about it and you might know
that ADHD is a goes two ways uh one is
that it can you know be really hard to
get anything done because your mind is
going a million miles an hour and you
got too many things in your mind but um
those same people have the ability to
really deeply concentrate but only on
things they care about the difference
seems to be that the ADHD people are
searching for
dopamine and if they can't find any
their mind goes everywhere trying to
look for it but those few things they
really love uh give them dopamine hits
when they spend time so they can go
deeper into a single topic than normal
people because they're really getting
the dopamine hit but only if they like
it now I didn't realize how bad my ADHD
was until I saw the thread about an
example of people with ADHD which is you
can't walk out the door without
forgetting
something because your your brain is in
too many places
I can't walk out the door without
forgetting something but um I'm also a
high functioning professional so how
could it be that I have uh obviously I
have pretty bad ADHD how could that be
when I'm also one of the most
disciplined workers you've ever met
seven days a week I'm always here unless
I'm sick right so here's how I basically
have a brain hack for every part of the
ADHD that bothers me and I'll share you
some of them it doesn't mean they'll
work for you but what it does mean is
you might be able to also come up with
your own brain hacks now keep in mind
I'm a hypnotist I'm a trained hypnotist
and so I tinker with my own mind like a
hypnotist would Tinker with somebody
else's mind so many of the things that a
hypnotist could do to another person's
mind I can do to myself cu I have the
skills and so I've hacked my own brain
to take care of a lot of the ADHD things
and you can too so let me give you some
of the tricks number one uh when I'm
leaving the house in the summer I can if
if I just try to remember what I need I
will not do it so instead I remember
five the number five and when I walk
toward my exit I think five and the
reason I think it is because I've
trained myself that whenever I see the
exit I think five in the summer why five
in the summer because in the summer you
need your phone you need your key fob
for your
car you need if you're a bald guy you
need a
hat and you need
sunscreen and in some cases I like to
bring my
headphones five you know if I'm going to
the gym for example I'd want make sure I
had my headphones so I walk to the door
and go
five phone oh I forgot the key then the
second thing I do is I leave the things
that I might forget really near the door
so I don't have to walk
upstairs ever everything's right by the
door so it's either in my car already
such as my sunglasses and my hat I keep
my sunglasses cuz they're prescription I
keep my sunglasses is in the
car because even if I'm not going to
drive I almost always walk past the car
in the garage to leave my house even if
I'm just taking a walk so I've found a
hack that I can leave the house without
15
trips and I then I Chang the number in
Winter because I don't need the
sunscreen as much I probably should but
I don't and and the hat Etc so that's
one trick so you you find a number
that tells you the things the number of
things you have to remember before you
open that door and then if you do it
enough remember repetition repetition is
persuasion you just have to repeat it
repeat it repeat it repeat it until you
can't forget it that's that's the hant
district all right here's another one in
the morning uh the one of the reasons I
start at often 3:30 in the morning or 4:
in the morning just whenever I'm awake
is that uh my ad PhD is by
far at the lowest so the first several
hours of the morning I sit in complete
darkness so I I darken all the lights I
have the drapes pulled and the only
light is my screen of my computer and a
a little light I put on my keyboard so
it's easier to see the see the keyboard
and that's it and the reason I do that
is that nobody's awake or at least
nobody that would be getting you know
getting in my way um the dog is asleep
the noises are predictable there's not
like daytime noises of you know there's
no Gardener doing anything or anything
uh phone isn't ringing I don't have
anything else on my
calendar and I'm doing something I want
to do which is I love looking at the
news and then talking about it so
getting rid of all your distractions is
the other hack I also if it's the
afternoon and and I want to do something
like write a check I can't do it do you
know why I can't write a check because
as hard as I try to concentrate I can't
get any dopamine from that task I just
desperately don't want to be writing
little things on a piece of paper in the
year
2025 desperately I don't want to do it
and so my brain won't let me do it so if
I start writing a check I I take like
the whole checkbook and I leave it there
and I start ripping up the checks
as I make mistakes and it's always the
same I'll be like all right concentrate
concentrate date what is the date date
is date write the date all right
concentrate concentrate um I think I've
got to go to the store today oh I
just wrote my grocery list on the
check rip it up try
again and just over and over again
because I can't concentrate all the way
through writing a number
that's how bad it is if I'm writing you
know
$425 I can get to maybe the two but by
the five I'm thinking about uh five
other things I can't finish that
oh just lost
my just lost
my thing here
all right I think I've lost you so let's
see if I can reenter
this let's see if you can hear me and
see me I'm
back all right I think I'm back your
comments will catch up in a moment all
right so what I do is I don't write
checks I know I can't do it I have
somebody else do it I just asked
somebody else uh if you want a check you
fill it out and I'll sign it so in
2025 I am so angered by anybody asking
me for a little piece of paper I
will not write a check I just say you
write it I'll sign it here's the check
if it doesn't work out I'll send I'll
give you another one but I'm not going
to do that I'm never going to write on
that little piece of paper you
write it I'll sign it so you have to
come up with a whole bunch of little
hacks
uh this is also the reason I can't write
dates down correctly you've noticed that
my Comics are always
misdated it's because I can't
concentrate through all the way thinking
through a date it's too boring so here's
how I settle it in the
afternoon uh a real good exercise
routine so I do my exercise around you
know lunchtime or noonish usually not
too far after and that that settles my
brain down because it gives me a
dopamine thing that lasts a little while
and then I can do some boring things uh
the other thing I do is if I'm drawing I
have to be absolutely medicated and
watching a TV show because if I draw
Dilbert one more time oh my god do you
know how many times I've drawn Dilbert's
head that's a lot that's a lot so maybe
tens of thousands of times so those are
some of my tricks the the other trick is
chanting and I've told you this one if
your ADHD is just an of control you
chant the thing you're trying to do
which is look for the file look for the
file look for the file what's that dog
doing no look for the file look for the
file huh these steps need a little bit
no look for the file look for the file I
should really vacuum this no look for
the file look for the file look for the
file that actually works and I I've
taught that to a number of people the
the
chanting sometimes it just gets so bad
that if you're not chanting it you can't
even walk across the room so try that
but here's the bigger thing the bigger
thing is that you could probably hack
your brain to find
workarounds for each of the little ADHD
things that are bothering
you and that's my advice on
ADHD all right there's a biotech company
that uh has now I guess a nasal spray
that uses some molecular pilicide
magic mushrooms that uh pretty much
immediately helps people with hard to
treat
depression so they're in the middle of
their clinical trial but so far it seems
to be almost magically effective so it's
a small ireland-based company GH
research and it's an inhaled
version so imagine
that imagine if you could if you could
just go and give yourself a little nasal
spray or inhale it however however they
inhale it maybe they inhale it a
different way um and it just removes
your
depression but I also wonder would it
give you
dopamine I would think that you couldn't
remove your depression without some
dopamine being in the mix right so could
it be possible that this removes your
depression but also your
ADHD because if it gives you dopamine
with just one
inhale maybe that's the dopamine I
needed to write my check maybe that's
the dopamine I needed to concentrate on
writing the date correctly maybe so it
could be that there's a cure for
depression and ADHD at the same time
just speculating trying to be optimistic
that's my show for today I know it
wouldn't way too long that's probably
why I got cut off I'll say uh I'm going
to say goodbye to everybody here so
locals I usually spend time with you but
I'm way over time so let's not let's not
milk it any further than we need to I'll
see you tonight locals in the man cave
everybody else thanks for joining sorry
I went long hope it was worth it by on X
and YouTube and Rumble and everywhere
else I will see you all tomorrow