a good chance that will be today I have
a good feeling about this comments are
working lighting looks
[Music]
[Music]
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time in your whole life but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mro glass a
tank of chal of Stein a canteen jug or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine the end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous s and happens
now
go oh oh that's so good so
good well I only slept about 2 hours
last night I just wasn't tired for some
reason I guess I think I didn't work
hard enough you know Christmas Day I
kind of relaxed a little bit which is
uncharacteristic and if I
relax I do two hours of sleep and I'm
like I think it's time to get up but it
wasn't well here's the good news
if you believe science and you think the
news is telling you what's true
according to science alert the some
scientists have figured out had
destroyed 99% of cancer cells using
vibrating
molecules and some near some kind of
light to heat it up so there's some kind
of a there's some kind of a
molecule that they already use because
of attaches to cancer so that when
you're Imaging yeah it'll it'll show up
better on the Imaging because it's some
kind of chemical that only attaches to
cancer and it leaves everything alone so
if you're looking for just that thing
it'll spot all your cancers but turns
out that if they put that very same
thing which they're already putting into
people for Imaging and they sh it with
near infrared light which apparently can
penetrate your body to some degree and
then can get all the way into your
bone and if they heat it up a little bit
and it's already attached to the cancer
cell it destroys the cancer
cell now uh it's it already worked in
animals so they don't have to wonder if
it worked and they don't have to wonder
if that chemical is dangerous because
it's a chemical that they already put in
people for
Imaging so that doesn't mean it's going
to work in humans but if if you factor
in that it works in animals and it
should be exactly the same mechanism CU
it CU it it's not like a drug where if
you give somebody chemo or a chemo drug
or something a human would interact with
a drug differently than an animal so so
you can never know if your animal
studies are going to translate usually
they
don't but if what you're doing is a
physical process which is you're
attaching something to cancer cells
that probably works in animals and
people because they did it with animals
and we we attach it to cancer cells with
people for Imaging so that part works
the only thing we really need to know is
if they shoot this this near infrared
light into a human will it go deeply
enough and they seem to be you know
thinking it would and would it caused
any problems that we're not aware
of but it apparently is very isolated to
just the cancer
cells and here's the more exciting part
you're probably aware that cancer is one
word that describes a whole bunch of
things so if you came up with with a
cure for one kind of cancer probably it
wouldn't work with any other kind of
cancer but if this little chemical is
used for Imaging of any kind of cancer
and I'm guessing it
is then then this process would cure any
kind of
cancer now apparently it doesn't work
100% of the time but it's really close
and it it cured like half of the Rats of
cancer entirely
so you know I always tell you all these
maybe there's a cancer cure and there's
a new chemical and there's a new pill
and there's a new whatever but this is
the first one where I look at it and I
go I would bet on this I would actually
place a bet that it once they go through
the human testing that this one works if
it worked on animals which it did so
maybe good news meanwhile science warns
us that
Tylenol uh May induce risky
Behavior if you take T Tylenol it might
turn you into a criminal or make you
overeat or take drugs or punch your
spouse now I don't know if I believe
this uh remember studies of this nature
might be wrong I don't know half the
time so have you ever noticed it I feel
like it's something I would notice
because I've taken Thailand all enough
that if something happened that was out
in my ordinary Baseline I feel like I
would have noticed but I've never
noticed so apparently it makes you less
afraid of
consequences
so I feel like that would be useful I I
can think of lots of situations where
you might be worrying a little bit about
consequences of something it's like I
might get embarrassed if I go to the
party or you know what happens if I slip
and
fall but maybe you could take a tile and
all it would make you stop
worrying now that's not medical
advice assume that anything that comes
out of my mouth about medical advice is
a bad idea for you to to copy but if it
really does induce risky Behavior which
is very close to not being afraid of
things that you shouldn't be afraid of I
wonder I wonder if you could game that
to find some use from the fact that it
helps you do things that are a little
higher that seem too risky for you but
maybe they're not too risky if you
actually did things that were high risk
it would be a bad idea but sometimes we
think things are highrisk just because
they make us anxious and they're not
high risk
well according to Frank Bergman and slay
news uh Antarctic sea ice has slowly
increased for the past 40
years I I can't tell if I'm just in a
bubble because you know there's a
certain kind of news that comes to be or
that I notice but it feels to me like
the climate change alarmism is just
being chipped out from every direction
it's like well I'm not so sure those
thermometers are right well did you know
we were measuring the temperature of the
ocean
wrong has anybody
mentioned that the clouds haven't been
accurately
modeled and now we have for the past 40
years the Antarctic sea ice has slowly
increased now it is true that in some
years including recently it has
decreased but as far as I can tell from
the historical record the increases and
the decreases are just a normal thing
that the ice does so it could have
several years where it goes down it
could have several years where it goes
up but if you look at the past 40 years
when humans have been pumping out the
CO2 like crazy h no real difference from
the historical
record
so the Antarctic is not getting warmer
or it's not getting warm enough to make
a difference we don't know
but remember I'm not I'm not going to
say that the studies that kind of agree
with me are the accurate ones that would
be crazy so this like all the other
studies throw it in the pile with things
that are wrong half of the time but it
does seem like there are a lot of things
going in the same direction suggesting
that the ice hasn't melted the water the
sea level has not risen there are no
more hurricanes than you should
expect I feel like climate
changes getting ready for a Tipping
Point like it's going to be harder and
harder to accept it as a real
existential risk because the uh and then
okay now I don't know if this next part
I'm going to tell you is
real if it's real my mind is
blown but not
surprised according to the same
article from Frank Bergman and slay new
and again I don't know this is true this
is the first time I've ever heard this
it's blowing my mind you remember the
hole in the
ozone so when I was younger there was a
hole in the ozone and then you remember
that they banned certain kinds of
Aerosoles that had some chemical that
was causing it and then it was one of
the greatest successes of science
because the ozone hole actually closed
is that what you think happened how many
of you think that's what happened that's
what my news told me my news told me
that science made a discovery of what
was causing it government worked
efficiently to ban that one item that
was the problem and sure enough little
time goes by and that ozone ho closed
itself
except according to Frank Bergman and
slay
news it's now bigger than it ever was
and that it's also a natural it's a
natural variability that sometimes the
hole is bigger sometimes the hole is
smaller and after all that banning of
all those chemicals it got smaller but
while they're still banned it's bigger
than it's ever
been I've never I had never heard that
before have you how many of you heard
that and again again I'm going to put it
in the category of is that true or is it
bad
data I don't know I I think I'm I'm
going to say I'm a little
skeptical that the ozone hole is bigger
than it's
been but I will check it out so I I only
just read this this morning is any has
anybody heard of
this I I'm hesitant to say it's true
I'll just say it's reported
well uh did you see all the stories
about uh uh the drones on Christmas day
you know all the unidentified drones on
Christmas day my god did you see all the
stories about
that no you didn't you know
why well I don't know for
sure but I think all the drones took
Christmas
off now that's not
confirmed uh I will say that we we asked
our own Erica uh who's who's our one of
our favorites on
locals uh who lives in New Jersey to
look outside and take a picture and see
see if the activity that she's been
seeing for weeks um died down now she
got she uh was busy with the relatives
and didn't get to do that but I've seen
a few posts on social media on X that
suggest it was a quiet night for drones
what does that tell you do you think the
aliens take Christmas
off do you think that China stops
surveying our military bases because
it's a
holiday maybe it's possible that they do
because maybe then there aren't enough
drones in the air to disguise what what
nefarious things they're doing so it is
possible that the Chinese would take the
holiday off because everybody else did
just so it's not obvious guess who what
they're
doing um I'm pretty sure this is an
American you know the drones are
American
but
but I saw Nancy mace who apparently has
been in a skiff and knows more than you
and I do about the UFO sightings now I
don't think the drones are
UFOs um but in addition to the drones
there are also sightings of other kinds
of crafts and N Nancy mace described it
as a there are two
shapes that can't be explained by shapes
I think they mean the Tic Tac and the
orb but I'm not positive so you know the
things that look sort of like drones I
think everybody's decided that they're
either RS
or some kind of hobbyist or maybe an
adversary but they're not from out space
but the
orbs the alleged round shiny things
sometimes they're metal sometimes they
seem like clear with something in the
middle uh and maybe the Tik Tock but I I
don't know for sure just just Nancy mace
says some of the shapes are not
explained and then on top of that
there's a story today about an ex NASA
commander commander meaning of a space
shuttle so he's been a commander of
space shuttles and he now flies his own
private small plane and he was flying
his private small plane and says that
two uh shiny metallic looking orbs flew
PL flew past them at a high rate and the
orbs were not uh spotted on any radar uh
including I think he had some radar I'm
not sure or at least the ground radar
didn't didn't measure
it now given that
there are widespread reports of orbs
round things that can't be explained and
the reports
are the reports are that
uh I'm just laughing at what your you're
all capital but Scott CO2 is plant food
I know what you're doing David I get it
that's what I call the NPC
response um so now we've got a high
credible NASA commander who said he saw
it very clearly but only for maybe less
than a second because it was zipping
there were two of them I guess there
were zipping past his
airplane do you think it's more likely
given the context of all the orbs which
apparently have been cited according to
people say they saw them um do you think
it's likely that the orbs are
real or that um let's say this ex NASA
Commander will just pick him as my
example or do you think it's an optical
illusion or some other kind of cognitive
effect where he thought he saw something
but he didn't really see
it now in the context of lots of people
talking about orbs and
UFOs what would you expect would be the
number of reports of
orbs they should go way
up will they go up because people now
know what they're looking for and
they're looking at real
orbs unexplained orbs and the answer is
maybe maybe some of it is people just
notice what they didn't notice far more
likely far more
likely there's priming in the
environment so all of us are thinking
UFOs and orbs and then if we see
something out of the corner of our mind
we go was that an orb and then the rest
of your brain talks you to seeing an
orb or some other illusion or Optical
thing or something and something that
was a shadow or a bird or uh there was a
balloon in the air probably not that but
so what would you say if if you had to
bet your entire life savings would you
bet on Magic Orb that can't be seen on
radar reportedly has no heat signal and
no means of
propulsion meaning it's not coming from
this planet or at least our civilization
that we know of would you bet that
that's what's happening because remember
there's a very credible witness and he's
not alone there there are multiple very
credible you know military people Pilots
Etc and I don't know how many orbs have
been spotted but quite a few now so
given the high credibility of the
witnesses and giving the relatively High
number of of sightings that are
somewhere in the same
category would you say it's more likely
that there's really orbs whatever they
are or more likely that it's a cognitive
thing where people are imagining stuff
what's more
likely well I'll tell you from the
hypnosis perspective it's a 100 times
more likely that there are no orbs at
all it's about a 100 times more likely
now that's just the hypnotist talking
because the the setup should guarantee
lots and lots of fake sightings because
the setup is people are told told their
orbs all over the place so if you tell
me if you make me think of magic orbs
all day long and then you put me in an
airplane what are the odds I'm going to
think I saw one well goes through the
roof not for any one person but if
you're looking at you know eight billion
people in the world it doesn't take much
to get a 100 people to say they saw an
orb when they didn't see any orb at all
now and if you're tempted to say but
Scott we're not talking about idiots
we're talking about trained pilots
they're clearly not lying I I think some
have passed I believe some have passed
um lie detector tasks although they're
not completely reliable but they might
work in this context um so I don't think
they're lying I I I don't even have a
slight suspicion that this EX NASA
Commander is lying I believe he believes
he saw what he saw I'll still say 100 to
one odds that it's imagined 100 to one
now remember this is coming from my
perspective as a hypnotist and the fact
that we have a perfect situation for a
mass hysteria and lots and lots of fake
sightings
but you can't really rule out that it
might be real because there really are a
lot of them so so I'm having I'm having
two feelings
simultaneously there are way more
sightings than my Common Sense can
understand unless they're real real
unexplained not real aliens but maybe
but real
unexplained so
simultaneously my experience and my
logic and my common sense says things
that fall in this category
about1 likely not to be aliens about 100
to1
at the same time I totally think it
might be
aliens is anybody having that same
experience the in terms of persuasion I
am
persuaded I am persuaded that these are
unexplained things
that I don't know could be spiritual
things like like tuer Carlson thinks or
could be you know what the Ancients
thought were you know Angels but maybe
they're coming from some Advanced
civilization that lives under a sea and
has always been there with us could be
or aliens or one of our adversaries has
some technology that we can't even
imagine for reasons that we don't know
so all of those are
possible so if you if you ask me what
does it feel like it feels like these
orbs are real and that we don't know
what they are and we better find out
soon at the same time if you said all
right now place a bet I'd be like uh oh
place a
bet I'm so sure these are
real but a
bet ah i' bet against it i' bet against
it with odds of 100 to
one and I just hold those two thoughts
simultaneously what can I do about it
because the persuasion level is through
the roof to make you think there's
something there and there might be there
there legitimately might be but the
common sense is really arguing against
it all right we'll see maybe we'll know
someday according to what's up with that
um three authors Stein hemers and Curtis
they say that the number of that the
amount of nuclear waste that we already
have could be uh still has 97% of its
electricity potential so if you knew how
to get it out um Not only would you have
very inexpensive power in likelihood but
um it's enough
energy that uh let's say the estimate is
H could be worth1 trillion
doll three times the national debt that
could be the value of the
unused nuclear waste that we just have
in barrels we have access to it just
sitting around in
barrels so you've heard this before but
the way you would access it is by you
building a different kind of reactor
which apparently we've known how to do
for decades so it's not like a big
surprise I think one of them is the
salt um so basically not water reactors
like we use now you you need a different
kind of reactor I think they used to
call them Gen 4 I haven't seen that term
for a while fourth generation nuclear
power but they're the ones that can use
the nuclear waste so at exactly the same
time
the AI and robots and electric cars are
all you know the current thing and and
Bitcoin and Bitcoin these are monstrous
uses of electricity just monstrous
demand way more than we have and way
more than anybody knows we could ever
make in time to take advantage of
everything we want to do with AI so if
you think we're oh you know we might
have to boost our energy production by
20%
no no it's not 20% all right all right
we'll probably have to boost it by
40%
no the the actual number might be like a
100 like
100x I don't think anybody can really
estimate that it doesn't feel like
something that people would be too
accurate in but if you're thinking it's
a yeah we we've got to work a little
harder to do what we're already doing no
that's not even close now we're we're
talking about the amount of energy that
we need to do the things we already know
we have to do we have to compete with AI
and robots we just have to it's
existential threat if China or Russia
become the robot Kings and we
don't
so it's kind of
convenient that we stumble upon A1
trillion dollar worth of almost free
energy because it's just sitting
basically in the garbage but we know
where it is and at the same time that we
need
it what are the odds of that that that
in the history of
humankind the immense increase of energy
that we need is matched
with exactly the time we know how to do
it and we've got extra stuff sitting
around to make it out
of it's almost too on the nose isn't it
it almost seems too good so it's not
easy to build these new nuclear power
plants so that you know it's not like
it's not like we can snap these together
tomorrow but we do have a path it's not
impossible to
100x our Energy System and we almost
certainly have to do
it meanwhile RFK Jr wants to ban uh drug
Pharma ads on
TV uh that would take about 40% of the
income away from the fake news now it
might not be enough for them to shut
down but they wouldn't be able to
operate the way they are if you took
that much away from them do you think
that in our land of free
speech that the government should ban
one kind of Advertiser who's selling a
totally legal product there's nothing
illegal about advertising and there's
nothing illegal You could argue there
should be but there's nothing illegal
about Pharma selling the products that
have gone through testing and the
government
approved
um so
my my feeling about free speech
says maybe we should live with
it because I don't want to be on the
party that's limiting free
speech on the other
hand it might make a big
difference you know it might help
somehow uh I I guess I wouldn't want to
be in favor of it just to the
fake news because the fake news is
already
crippled and I don't know I have a
problem with this one I I completely
understand why you'd want to ban it I
get it completely because people say
that they're not really advertising
their drug they're just um essentially
making sure that the news can't say bad
things about them so oh actually here's
an argument I'll uh I may talk myself
out of my position here so if you think
that the real reason that Pharma
advertises on the news programs
especially is that uh it keeps the news
from saying things about them because
they're
advertisers so that would be a case of
censorship so that would be a case of
Pharma using the threat of pulling their
advertisement as a censorship of the
news industry ah see what I did there so
I just turned it from it is in fact
censorship to say one industry can't
advertise to that's just
censorship but what if the thing you're
doing is preventing them from blocking
the news from telling the truth about
Pharma because that's censorship
too
ah there is an argument for this that is
pro- free speech and it's pro- free
speech for the news
business oh and I was going to use that
orb joke myself but uh if you follow the
news you know that Nancy mace uh get get
a lot
of um what would you call it sexual
inuendo kind of uh social media
reaction and I suppose if if if it were
not an ongoing problem which she has
talking about
publicly then that would be a better
joke I I would have said it myself but
she's she's literally in the middle of
trying to convince people to stop saying
stuff about her looks which is fair I I
I think she should you know she's she's
cursed with good looks and it's hard not
to notice but yeah I decided to pull
back on the orb a
joke um according to science alert a
single 1-hour daily walk could has six
hours to your lifespan according to
science
alert H um but it only works for people
who are not already exercising so if
you're already a regular exerciser
adding an hour of walking won't make
much difference but if you're in the
bottom 25% of active people a 1-h hour
walk a day could really make a
difference in your life now I will use
this study to reiterate what I would
love to see from I don't know who maybe
Trump maybe from RFK Jr maybe somebody
else in the government I would love the
government just to tell the lazy people
to take a walk after
dinner now most of you don't need to be
told that but if 20 25% of the public
needs to be told to take a walk it could
make a difference it could really make a
difference because people kind of do
whatever is in the air right we don't
wake up every day and say well there are
a million possible things I can do today
I'd better look at my list of a million
things and pick one we don't do that we
wake up and we think well there like
three or four things I could do today
and you pick one of the three or four so
if you simply made it easier for people
to get taking a walk after dinner into
their top three or four like it just put
it in their mind the odds that people
would do it are way up you just have to
make them think about it every time
they're eating imagine if every time you
sat down to dinner the thought was in
your mind I really should take a walk
after I'm
done it's a big difference if you didn't
even think of it while you're eaing
dinner you're not going to do it because
you only do the things you think of so
simply making it connected to your
dinner activity do two things eat dinner
with your family and then go for a walk
with them or at least one of
them uh it would change a lot life would
be much
better meanwhile Elon Musk uh posted a
picture of himself in a Santa outfit but
he looks skinnier than the Santa uh from
that movie red one which is skinny Santa
and when I looked at it I thought I
think people are saying this is Elon
Musk but it's obviously not because this
is a a rail thin Santa Claus and then he
reposted it and and he labeled it OIC
Santa so it is him and uh he was joking
about he had taken OIC he did not U but
he took uh one of the drugs in that
class so one Leo OIC but a different one
because I guess OIC gave him some
digestion problems or
something
but now on one hand you might say to me
Scott why is it a story that one person
in the world lost
weight there were probably a billion
people who lost weight recently in the
world and why did I pick one well again
because people are people are
influenced by what's in the
air so if you if you heard that some
people in your town took AIC and got a
good result that might make you think
about doing it yourself but if you watch
Elon Musk who all of us know what he
looks like and then suddenly you see a
picture where fairly
effortlessly he he became as thin as I
imagine he wants to
be that is really influential it's sort
of like a a JFK wearing not wearing hats
so as soon as we got a president who
didn't wear hats and he was cool nobody
wanted to wear a hat anymore they killed
hats well if your neighbor takes those
EMP and it works you might be interested
in trying it but if Elon Musk takes one
of these drugs in that class and it
works that changes how you see it you
you just need one famous person and then
that person's stuck in your head so
attaching this what I think is a a
health Improvement I hope uh to the most
famous person in the world at the moment
besides Trump um probably will make a
big difference to the health of
Americans just think about that ju Just
think about the fact that he
simply just posting a picture of it
working I'll bet that the um the stock
price of all the companies that make
whatever he
took I'll bet they're looking good today
that would be my guess
um so in Zero Hedge there was a article
that I wish I had written but um it's
talking about
how people are not focusing on the real
invention of Elon Musk so he's I I can't
I can't tell stories without him being
either an example or important part of
it but apparently one of the things that
musk has brought to American
manufacturing is the idea a that the
factory is the
product that's one way to look at it in
other words instead of having a factory
and trying to refine your product which
he also does he spends as much time or
more refining the factory so that the
cost of the factory goes down the
efficiency goes up Etc and he's done
that with his various companies and
extremely
successfully and if it's a skill that
could be
transferred if it can be transferred
then maybe we can bring American
manufacturing back without having a cost
penalty and if you add
robots to the idea that you should start
from first principles when you build
your factory don't just build an
ordinary Factory but really really think
what's the efficient way to build the
factory for this specific thing so
so uh I think that's true I I think that
whatever we learn from fact
rebuilding uh that's where the next
Revolution needs to happen for America
to dominate The Next
Generation
Um meanwhile uh RFK Jr's nomination and
and the vote to have them
confirmed at least as the public support
51% of likely us voters think the Senate
should confirm RFK J RF J
RF RFK Jr's uh
nomination good and apparently that's up
so that that's his best favorability
number that we've seen and I would say
this um I have an observation about RFK
Jr that I'd like to
make um let's say a meme or at least
something that you think when you think
of him I've noticed that the more you
learn about him the more you
like does anybody else notice that the
more you learn about what his opinion is
that the details of it the more you like
him and I think that's just what's
happened um when you when other people
get to um frame him and let's say MSNBC
says oh that fact vax Deni
and if you liked vaccines for your kids
you'd say oh o v Den now that's not what
he is he's not a VX denier you know he
just wants better testing Etc um but
once you learn what he really wants and
you you realize that he dug into this
this topic the Pharma topic and the the
health of our food topic and he has
actual practical suggestions for fixing
things it's hard to dislike
that if if you believe the fake news
about what he's about it's easy to
dislike him it's easy oh rich guy is
going to come and tell us what to eat
and he's going to destroy the farm
industry and why is he taking away their
free speech let him
advertise but once you realize how much
he knows and then he explains it to you
you go oh I didn't know that and then
suddenly he looks a lot smarter so my
prediction is this that
uh going forward the more you learn
about canity and the more you learn
about his his policies and preferences
the more you're going to like him I I
think that's all it is the more exposure
the more you
like meanwhile the poor Democrats are
still trying to figure out what went
wrong and their process for figuring out
what went wrong involves asking all the
people who got everything wrong wrong
what they got
wrong uh if those same people were
capable of knowing what they got wrong
now don't we think some of them would
have gotten it right in the first place
what makes them so smart now just the
fact that Trump won is that the only
thing they learned Trump won kamla lost
and then from that the the the
Brilliance which they did not have for
four years suddenly kicks in is that
what we think
well Ross d duat d duat or dudy hat I
don't know um he's
a uh I think he's a Democrat but he's he
was saying uh do you remember brat
summer I remember brat summer it was
genuinely amazing one of the most
bizarre Mass psychological phenomena
I've ever seen and they said it turns
out that all you have to do is tell
Democrat base that they ought to like
someone and they'll just start start
liking
her now here's what they're getting
wrong they really really should have
talked to well first of all they should
have talked to Americans you know
regular
people but
uh secondly they should talk to a
hypnotist not one of the pundits who got
everything wrong if you talk to a
hypnotist I'm pretty sure we can sort
things out
maybe not every hypnotist but I'm pretty
sure I
could I'll tell them exactly what they
got wrong there was a lot and part of
the reason it's not easy to figure out
what they got wrong is that it was
everything it was everything they got
everything wrong and then you say to me
no Scott they did a really good job of
raising money and then what happened to
it they didn't do a good job of handling
money so raising is impressive
but it's what you do with it that's kind
of makes a difference and apparently
they didn't do the right thing with it
they didn't have the messaging right
they didn't have the candidate right
they didn't have a process for picking
the candidate that even their own side
was thought was
reasonable um the fake news was lying
and getting
caught um she didn't do interviews with
the major media because she was
incapable can you can you give me an
idea of what they did right
it it was literally everything wrong now
unfortunately for them uh Trump ran what
is in my
opinion might go down in history as the
best campaign of all time his campaign
was just freaking awesome like he got
all the messaging right he got all the
communication right he used the
alternate you know internet
right um he got everything right so you
know the summary is that the strongest
persuasive candidate in history was
running against the weakest worst
candidate in history you don't really
need to form any kind of a you don't
need to have a convention to talk it out
it was everything and and as soon as
they think you know if we just change
our messaging so it sounds more like
Trump I think we could
win it's so weak
no you can't win by pretending you're
the opposition you're the weak ver
you're the weak version of the other
team that that's going to be your new
strategy and people are saying that out
loud like they think it's a good idea
but it's as good idea it's as good an
idea as their last ideas which showed
they were Rog about everything basically
in
politics anyway one of the biggest
changes I think and the reason that Ross
was noting you just have to tell the
Democrats who they like they'll vote for
them is many of them of course were
voting against Trump so you just have to
say hey we've got a warm body that's not
Trump and then people like yeah warm
body that's not Trump you had me a warm
body no you had me against Trump
actually but it seems to me here's my
take on Trump how many times did he toy
with running for office before he got
serious in
2015 twice or three times
there he had at least two kind of
flirtations with running for president
that people thought oh in retrospect he
was just you know drumming up
publicity and then this third time I
think it was the third time he runs and
what did everybody say they said oh he's
not serious he's just drumming up
publicity he's just a clown trying to
get some
attention maybe here's what I think
happened
um I think in all three cases Trump did
not expect to be a serious
player I think in all cases he said I'm
going to walk up to the door but I'm not
going to walk through it because walking
up to the door gets me all the attention
I need and it's you know good for
business good for my brand so I'll get
all the good stuff but I don't need to
go through the door and actually you
know be elected I just need to walk
right up to it and here's what I feel
like happened he walked right up to the
door not really expecting he needed to
go through it or would go through it and
all of a sudden about 10 million
Republican arms reached down from the
door grabbed him by the lapel
and and just yanked him inside and said
no you're doing
this you're you're our only hope Obi
Obi-Wan Kenobi you are our only hope
everything is going to you're
probably the only person that has the
balls to fix this thing we've been
watching you you're smart enough you're
brave enough you know how to do this
please please be our president that's
what I think happened and and if you
look at the individual
contributions of you know Steve Bannon
Mike cernovich me Jack babek you know
you can list 50 more
but I believe that we and I'm speaking
for a larger body of Republican oriented
people I think we just decided he's our
guy
nobody told us to do that in fact
everybody in charge told us not to do it
and what did we all
say if you're in charge why is
everything up right so the first
thing that the base said to the
Republicans is you guys are not cutting
it you you are not doing what we need
you to do and it doesn't look like
you're going to fix it so we're going to
bring in a draft pick and it's going to
be our pick it's not your pick they very
much did not want that to be their pick
so again Democrats are a top- down
brainwashing
organization Republicans are a bottomup
meritocracy because it didn't matter if
all the people I mentioned wanted Trump
but we weren't good at making it
happen both of those had to be true we
had to want him and we had to
collectively you know cumulatively we
had to have the skill to make it happen
that's the part nobody nobody saw coming
nobody saw coming the amount of uh
natural skill that just sort of appeared
around
2015 like people that weren't in
politics before myself and a number of
others who suddenly just seemed to have
some skill that you weren't expecting
and they brought it to the process and
it made a difference and then I would
argue that in
2024 that that level of that skill it
just went through the roof I mean by
then you had Viv and you had JD Vance
and you had Elon Musk and everybody
started getting on board but still it
was bottom up we we dragged him through
the door and I don't think he was
expecting to be here but he took he he
took
the he took the moment he's real good at
reading the room and knowing when a
moment is happening so so he was the
right pick in my my opinion and the
golden age is coming
on
um and Chuck T at the same event where
they're trying to figure out what went
wrong he was talking about uh losing the
Hispanic Vote or at least a decrease in
the Hispanic vote and um he disclosed
that he in a 2022 memo that he only
recently saw um it warned against the
Democrats losing the Hispanic vote
because Biden Harris targeted them as a
community of color whereas Trump
targeted them as a working
class do you know who could have fix
that for
them
me because they act like they'd never
met anybody Hispanic before have you
ever met anybody from the Hispanic
Community do they sit around bitching
about race no no they don't they want to
work they like their religion their
family and they like America and they
want to work no that you can't get the
Hispanics with with identity politics
they're just not inclined to go in that
direction and I knew that because you
know I have enough contact with them uh
but if you didn't know that and you said
well we'll make them uh we'll make them
feel like they're uh some kind of
demographic that everybody's against
they'll they'll fight back didn't work I
could have told them that
and uh Chuck do also said that whole
democracy at risk thing wasn't working
and I could have told you
that because if you compare these two
things from a persuasion
perspective all right uh in ways that we
can't quite summarize uh something about
democracy will be decreased because
you're like okay uhhuh all right well
I'm I'm vaguely worried about that a
little bit
but it's not really connecting how how
does that happen how does the Democracy
get stolen
exactly and then Trump says uh they're
sending rapists across the border did
you hear that story about some victim
who was raped by a illegal immigrant uh
the right number of that is
zero these are not
equal now even though I rail against
using anecdotes for persuasion
I do note that it works and the reason I
don't use it is because it works and if
you do it too well I I think it it's a
little bit too much yeah if you focus on
the anecdotal it ends up feeling like
the entire Community is somehow you know
painted with the same brush and I'm I
resist
that um we don't need to do that
statistics should get to the same place
rasmuson reports says that uh 65% of
Voters uh likely voters say the feds
were uh likely provoked the January 6
Capital Riot so roughly 2third of
Americans think this January 6 thing was
an
OP how did we get all the way to
2/3 is it because they've learned more
since then and they trust the government
less this surprises me I I would have
thought that the number who would have
said the feds likely provoked the
January 6 Capital Riot I would have said
that would be mid 30s
per if I'd never seen any polling but
65% think this is
sketchy maybe maybe America's just
wising up uh 64% believe the FBI is
politically weaponized yes and 53% say
the FBI is used as quote Biden's
personal
gestapo
53% now that obviously is mostly
Republicans but they still picked up
some
Independence Wall Street MAV is
reporting that the government's revising
their economic numbers that made Biden
look so good but it turns out they're
all fake so the government initially
reported in second quarter of 2024 that
they had gained 653,000 jobs but
actually they lost
jobs that now that's what I
call that's what I call a revision from
up 653,000 jobs to it's actually
negative did we say it was positive it
was actually negative not negative 653
but it was
negative uh they also re revised the
800,000 jobs that allegedly were gained
last year uh and uh Wall Street MAV says
they falsified the data to help Biden
Harris and Elon Musk responded to that
post and he said quote how can the data
systems be so
bad how can the data systems be so bad
so you know me I've been saying that all
data is fake if it
matters if it's random data that nobody
cares about and there's no Stakes
involved it might be right it might be
but if it's important data such as the
number of jobs created so you can
determine what president you want to
pick like really important stuff like
climate change and you know the the
economy and the climate and you know
immigration numbers those are all
fake and I've never done a good job of
explaining why all the data that
matters is fake it's not it's not a
coincidence here's why
because if data
matters it matters to somebody's money
or it matters to their power or both so
data that doesn't matter doesn't need to
be falsified because why would you do
that you know it might be wrong
accidentally but you're not going to
falsify it intentionally no point it's
not even important but if it's the
difference between your party winning
and you having a job and getting rich
versus is getting nothing oh yeah you'll
fake the data and you will reliably do
it pretty much every time and all you
have to do is fiddle with the
assumptions and the the data follows so
design is
Destiny um if you create a system in
which you don't get punished for lying
with data this is the important the key
so remember this part if the system
doesn't punish anyone for wrong data
and there are gigantic advantages to
intentionally creating wrong data which
you can always hide your intention by
saying I just made some different
assumptions than other people but I can
defend my
assumption because you can defend a lot
of
assumptions the system as it's designed
is guaranteed to make all the data that
matters fake the system guarantees it in
every domain
not just healthare not just Finance not
just climate change the current system
guarantees that all important data is
fake now there's one
exception the one exception would be uh
if it's internal company data and the
people who created the data did it to
make more
money if if Crea if using accurate data
helped you make more money and get more
power then you would do that so if it's
all within a company and you're an
engineer and you're collecting some data
you want the right answer right the
right answer is what's going to help
your career that the company itself
might might want to lie but as an
engineer you you just want the right
answer so in those cases the data is
correct but it's localized to the
company as soon as the CEO starts
talking he might say something that's a
little different from the engineer and
if the CEO said something that's not
true and people invested because of it
and he just said oops I I guess I had
some data wrong does the CEO get fired
no does a CEO go to jail no do any of
the people who were involved in these
revisions of numbers somebody had to
make a
mistake do any of them get punished no
so why would they ever stop doing it if
it works and nobody ever gets punished
you should expect it would be
universally applied eventually
so I don't know how many ways I can say
this if the if the data matters it also
matters to people's money and their
power and under those situations you
could expect them to lie about the data
every time as long as they knew they
wouldn't be punished and that's the case
they won't be
punished I would go further and
say that if the government was uh lying
about
jobs and it was part of a coordinated
effort to keep Trump out of
office it feels like it's contributes to
a RICO case you know if I look at the
way the
Democrats operated over the last several
years it just looks like a criminal
organization and I don't see the same
thing on the Republican side nor nor is
anybody even accusing them as far as I
know um on the Republican side I could I
can name some names I probably won't no
I will Mitch
McConnell uh and uh what's his name
Lindsey
Graham so if Mitch McConnell or Lindsey
Graham say something that sounds sketchy
to me where they come up with some data
I'm not really going to believe either
one of them because I don't know what's
going on with those two guys
they seem a little too connected to I
don't know the military industrial
complex or something but but I can think
of two people who are just individuals
who I don't trust on the Republican side
but I don't think they're you know I
don't think there's a
RICO thing I think they just know what
is in their self-interest and they're
operating you know mostly for themselves
is my guess if I had to guess and that's
just a guess so the Republicans don't
seem to have any kind of
Rico organized crime thing they seem to
be just doing the best work they can to
you know try to make something work but
the Democrats literally look like a RICO
organized from the top I mean how many
Ops did they run that involves the
intelligence people the fake news and
the entire Democratic party quite a few
that's a that's a big group and that
sure screams Rico to me so we'll we'll
see meanwhile uh if you're believing
data uh a Harvard Professor according to
Natural news was found guilty of
fraudulent research uh to promote
critical race
Theory tenar
Professor uh he fabricated data to prove
his
point about critical race Theory now is
critical race Theory
um data that is
important well it was important to this
professional because it was his career
and he wanted it to look bad so he
changed it until it
did this is what I'm talking about this
is a tenured Harvard Professor who just
completely lied allegedly allegedly
completely
lied this is
normal all data that matters is
fake now again there might be special
cases where there's something that's
checked by so many people and it's just
really objective you know maybe maybe
there's some like random exceptions but
the exceptions maybe probably just prove
the rule if you just say hey your pay
depends on the data coming out this way
and you're the you're pushing
CRT the data is going to come your way
every time
all right let's talk about the uh
brewhaha about hiring foreign Tech
workers it's a good thing you waited for
me to sort this out because the online
conversation about it is pathetically
misinformed and confused I think I can
sort this out so I've got just enough
contact with the topic and I looked into
it enough I think I know what's going on
now all right so the idea is that uh
people like you musk and people like me
say that we should be hiring the the
best and brightest
Engineers even from other
countries now the push back on that is
hold on you know why did we even hire
Trump we didn't hire Trump so we can be
bringing in people from other countries
to take our jobs why don't you let the
uh underemployed Americans maybe they
need some training but give them the
training uh and maybe fix our school so
we're producing more engineers and then
we wouldn't have to do any of this
bringing in Engineers from other
countries does that make sense to
you do you think that we can would' be
fine if we don't bring in Engineers from
other countries we'll just train the
people that we
have does that work for you first of all
do you do you accept as Elon mus does
that we have a shortage of the the very
best the very one top 1% of Engineers so
according to musk he thinks the greatest
or one of the greatest uh things holding
back our progress is that Silicon Valley
is way under engineered but we're
talking about the top
ones now the arguments that I hear are
uh I'm a white guy and I'm an engineer
and I can tell you I've been looking for
work and I can't get
work and then you hear that and you go
what oh all right Elon Musk I think
you've gone too far this time you know
you're you're okay on this electric cars
and rocket ship stuff but when you talk
about foreign workers you know I I I
think you're missing something because
we have multiple stories of trained
engineers in America who can't even get
a job and they're they're being filled
by you know let's say Indian uh
Engineers with H1B visas and stuff so
how can it be true
because it is true that there are
American Born Engineers who can't get
jobs but we also have a shortage of
Engineers how can both of those things
be true we've got unemployed engineers
and they're telling us you you you can
look at them up on social media they're
real people here's the answer they're
all
white that's it they're all white there
aren't any unemployed top 1% black
American
Engineers find me
one find me one and then I'll shut the
 up you just find me one they can't
get a job a top 1% black engineer how
about a top 1% lgbtq engineer any
trouble getting a job no how about a top
1% woman engineer any trouble getting a
job no this is just racism that
we're confusing with the question of
Engineers right so yes there are white
Engineers who can't get a job because
they're white that's the reason
and you all know that right I'm not
telling you something you don't
know but is it
true that we're leaving untapped as as a
number of people said this morning they
said you look at the whole middle of the
country and you have all these bright
people who score high on tests but they
they're not getting into the pipeline
and being trained properly to become top
Engineers to which I say that's great
for a different
topic when Elon Musk says we need
Engineers he doesn't mean we need to
spend 20 years building
one he needs he means we need the ones
who who are right here right now and we
better hurry because Ai and
robots is not waiting for people yeah
like if we're not doing it China's doing
it and Japan's doing it so we need right
away the top 1% engineers and we don't
have enough now you might say but but
what about those white people well
probably not top 1% you know my guess is
that even the top 1% of white people are
completely employed in engineering only
the engineers I'm talking about now the
the people who are
programmers which we often lump into the
same category the programmers have a
different problem because AI is making
existing programmers
five to 10 times more
productive so that industry has a
problem but that's not what's happening
with
engineers and here's the next thing you
know need to know and I'm going to call
this the uh my dog Theory you've heard
this
before my dog I think she suspects that
I'm smarter than her because I can
produce food out of out of nowhere and
she can't um I can open doors I can
drive a car like even the dog has some
sense that I'm the smart one in the
relationship right but here's the
thing as the smart one in the
relationship I have a really clear idea
of how smart my dog is my dog only knows
that I'm smarter than her she doesn't
know how much
smarter she doesn't know that I can
write and draw
Comics that would be that would be like
a mind-blowing thing for the dog if she
could even understand what those things
are so the situation with the dog and
the owner is the same with
people you think that Elon Musk is
smarter than you I do I think he's
smarter than me but do you know how
much no you don't you have no way of
knowing how much smarter he is and I
think this is where everything's going
wrong when we're talking about these top
1% engineers
this is not a job I could
get I I was a valid Victorian of my
school I you know I went to a good
college to get an MBA could I be a top
1% engineer no not even close not even
close right uh and here more more to the
point I don't even know how much smarter
they
are if if you've ever met somebody who
is just way smarter than you the only
thing you knew is that they're smarter
than you and maybe a few topics they
know more you don't really know how much
smarter they are you really don't so if
you're saying we've got plenty of
Americans who can do these jobs you have
a blind
spot the blind spot is we can't get them
in time because you know you'd have to
develop people from birth basically and
getting people who are just good enough
to be Engineers that's not what
anybody's talking about we're not
talking about somebody who went to the
third best school and finished at the
bottom of their class but they got a
degree they're Engineers too we're not
talking about them we're talking about
the top 1% who you almost can't even
imagine you can't even imagine how smart
they are so that's what we need to be
competitive the other thing is um this
is an existential threat to the country
if we don't lead in Ai and robots we're
in real trouble I mean real trouble and
fast yeah we we've got to be the the
quantum computer
leaders you know otherwise somebody
builds the quantum computer and hacks
everything in the United States and
we're all dead all right so we don't
really have options we've got to press
as hard as we can and get every top
1center no matter where they came from
now that's not really going to cost any
Americans any jobs if you do that but
people conflate it with the fact that
although Google and Microsoft and Apple
big companies
if they want a top 1% engineer they have
the resources to really really check to
make sure they got one you know it might
require having a having a leg in another
country where you can actually talk to
people and really spend time with them
and find out what's real and what isn't
but if you're a mediumsized
company um you might find a let's say an
agency that finds people to work at your
you know to go to your country and work
you'd say hey I want some top one 1%
Engineers um but I can't visit and I
can't talk to them myself so I want you
to find me some top Engineers that can
work over here top 1% and then whoever
you're talking to says top 1% oh yeah
yeah we got plenty of them and then they
send you somebody who can barely do
anything and it's too late for you to
say anything and they have already made
their money and by the time you cancel
the project and realize that you can't
talk to an agency and hire good people
in India it's it almost doesn't work
it's basically closer to fraud than it
is to a working system you find out that
the system of hiring foreign workers is
mostly
fraud that's what I learned recently
so when people say but Scott in the real
world we're getting all these Indian
Engineers that are not as good as
Engineers who can't get a job that might
be
true that might be true but that has to
do with the brok
system if you could identify the top
1% like Elon Musk can like the big
companies can then you really need to be
able to get them but if you're a small
company and you're depending on somebody
in another country to tell you who their
top 1% are they're going to send whoever
they have and they're going to charge
you and if it goes wrong they'll just
have another customer who doesn't know
the difference next next time
so the the uh apparently 71% of trump
voters want to increase high-skilled
immigration but of course they don't
want to you know bring in people that
take American
jobs um and mus says there's a permanent
shortage of excellent engineering Talent
it's their biggest
problem
um and then I saw somebody arguing with
them somebody whose account is I am yes
you are no that's the name of the
account and said to Elon there are over
330 million people in America surely
there must be enough among them to build
your ultimate team why would you deny
Real Americans that opportunity by
bringing foreigners
here now I'll tell you what Elon said
but I kind of already made this argument
he said your understanding of the
situation is upside down and backwards
of course my companies and I would
prefer to hire Americans and we
do that is much easier than going
through the incredible painful slow work
of Visa process however there's a dire
shortage of extremely talented and
motivated engineers in America he said
it's not about handing out opportunities
from some magical hat you don't get it
this is blindingly obvious when looking
at NBA teams as the physical differences
are so obvious to see however the mental
differences be between humans are far
bigger than the physical differences so
he's saying what I said which is is you
don't understand I'm talking about the
top
1% there there's not a bunch of
Americans waiting around to be hired
that are in the top 1% of engineering
that's just not a
thing um and if you Tred to train them
and and I and then I saw other people
saying but we have plenty of people who
were not top Engineers but you could
train them the companies should train
their own employees to become top
Engineers oh man you really don't
understand how the world works if you
think that works what you're going to
take the person who's who can write code
and you're going to turn them into a top
1% engineer with what your company
affords
never it would be the rarest thing if
that could ever work no the top
Engineers probably from the first day of
school had some kind of Advantage they
were brilliant but also their parents
probably were a certain kind of parents
and sent them to a certain kind of
school they were identified they got the
best training over years and years and
years in the best environment no you
can't take the janitor and turn him into
an engineer because you've got a good
training program that's not a thing it's
just not a
thing
um and then uh there's a huge amount of
what I would say is overt very obvious
racism that entered into the
conversation uh there's way more racism
against uh Indians and in the Americans
indian-americans than I was expecting
like when it when it all comes out in a
conversation like this it's it's a
little bit horrifying honestly and I'm
going to tell you something again
um have you ever spent time with a top
1% Indian or indianamerican technical
person I
have it's incredible it's incredible
and I I don't want to name names but you
you know some people I I would name
probably right not necessarily Engineers
but definitely top one percenters and if
you're thinking oh I don't want those
Indians in here because they're going to
change my culture again this would be a
huge blind spot do you know what the
Indians Living in America want to do
assimilate like
crazy I'm not going to tell you who says
this but there
some prominent indian-american who who
who jokes about just trying to be as
white as he can possibly be I mean he
says it jokingly but he has no interest
in taking Indian culture to America you
won't meet I don't think you'll meet an
Indian in America who says you know what
you know America has some advantages but
I'd really like I'd really like to bring
more of the Indian stuff over here now
they might want to wear the clothes for
one
generation that they certainly want to
eat their own food which by the way is
awesome Indian food not it's not for
everybody but personally I think it's
amazing
um you don't understand every everything
is an
assumption that doesn't hold if you're
talking about the top
1% if I dropped into your conversation
any top 1% Indian or
indian-american you wouldn't even know
you were talking to an Indian
you wouldn't even know you would just
think wow this this guy or this G are
like super smart and you would be
fascinated and you would want to hire
them for your company you're thinking
about the not
1% if we brought in a bunch of people in
the bottom half of capabilities well
yeah that's a big problem and maybe
you've met some people who are not at
the top 1% you said to yourself we don't
really need more of these do we well
maybe you're
right but that's not what anybody's
talking about we're talking about the
top 1% you you sit in a room with any of
the top 1centers and you will just walk
away impressed that's it that's the
whole
story all
right
um I saw somebody
say I saw somebody say to that
conversation online somebody with the
title unfilter truth that's the name of
their ex handle and after Elon said what
I just read to you he said I used to
have some faith in Elon but after this
post I'm done the mask is off Elon
supports erasing the culture and ethnic
identity of America to help grow his
bank account he's parasitic and
destructive I don't think you could
understand less what's going on here
again the the Indian
Engineers they they assimilate so
fast and they want to and they do it
really well
so no this that's a ridiculous
comment um I would also like to to
describe the
alternative so let's say we just close
it to all Engineers game that out for me
what's the future look like in your in
your view if we just closed all
immigration and didn't hire anybody from
India or any other country what would
that look like what's Plan
B well plan B is the end of
America as far as I can tell if you're
not hiring the best Engineers somebody
else is and eventually they'll catch up
to you and whoever has the most economic
clout will have the best military
they'll start using
it America's dominance in the world
would be fairly quickly disappeared
maybe in one generation so it's sort of
a one generation in the toilet for
America if we
don't really really try hard to get the
top 1% Engineers from from other
countries all
right
um apparently Indiana University is
teaching a course uh that says that the
white people are inherently
oppressors because their race and sex
and religion and uh apparently you're
divided into teams in one of the one of
the required classes and uh if you're a
white Christian M or male you're
automatically labeled an oppressor
all
right don't send your kids to Indiana
University apparently it's just a
garbage University it it must be
populated with idiots and racists don't
go there just don't go to Indiana
University sounds like they are just
lost and racist of course you saw that
there was a plane crash the other day in
azani plane and you may have seen the
video where it seemed to be going up
before it went down and then it crashed
and then they showed pictures of it with
strange holes in the
hole and I looked at the strange holes
based on the pictures and I said oh it's
obvious that there was shrapnel and that
the shrapnel was on the inside and you
could tell from the holes that something
from the the an side pushed to the
inside because they look like you know
bullet holes that indented if it if the
explosion had come from the inside the
holes would be opposite so I'm no
Aviation
expert but as soon as they showed it to
me I said oh it looks like some military
asset exploded near them and further I
assumed that there was not a direct hit
because a direct hit would have you know
blown it apart in the sky and there'd be
a bigger hole in smoke before it went
down so it looks like and one of the
reports suggested that maybe there was a
anti-russian missile attack against
possibly a drone that they thought was
criminal or they thought was the other
side and maybe there was an explosion in
the air and some of the shrapnel hit
this plane and and it had to do an
emergency landing so I think that's
what's happened but
um why didn't the experts say what I
said on day
one cuz the holes were very obviously an
external explosion
that created random random shrapnel that
was from the outside in I mean if I
could tell and I've no experience in
this field whatsoever if I could tell
how many of you could tell you saw the
same thing I saw right most of you when
you looked at it you knew that that was
shrapnel right and you knew it from the
outside
in so why did it take like a day for us
to have some expert tell us that I know
uh meanwhile that you know that border
wall that Biden was trying to sell off
the pieces before Trump got in office
but apparently that's taken care of
now um because the auctioneer um already
agreed and maybe he was going to do it
anyway but when Trump and everybody
started complaining about it the person
whose job it was to sell them said maybe
I'll hold these until Trump gets in
office I assume the auctioneer is a
Republican don't know that but
citizen so you you all worried about the
government you know Biden trying to sell
these things for nothing and then you're
like oh I hope the new government can
stop the Old Government it turns out all
you needed was one Auctioneer with
common
sense remember I keep telling you common
sense is is like our unifying theme for
at least people on the the right and
people who agree with the right on some
things common sense the
auctioneer made the only smart
decision and he said well if I've got a
new Administration and they might not
want to sell it I shouldn't sell it
today I should just put it in a pile and
sell other things and wait a few weeks
and see what happens so thank
you thank you Auctioneer so there there
was a citizen who stepped up looked at
the situation and said huh doesn't seem
to make much sense that I would sell
them you know instead of waiting till
next month and if they still want to
sell them because remember part of the
story is that they might be damaged and
they're they're not the good parts of
the wall so it could be that they nobody
actually wants them but he's still smart
to wait for the incoming Administration
to say what do you want to do with these
so good on you
Auctioneer
um so the ukrainians are bragging about
their new model for building lots of
drones which involves
a capitalist approach so they're letting
their drone makers compete and make
money and that apparently is causing
their drone
industry uh small as it was to grow
quickly and they think that they can uh
make more drones than Russia because
Russia has that you know crappy you know
constipated economy and it's sort of
central a little more Central planning
and stuff so so the ukrainians think
that they can out compete using the free
market within Ukraine um it's not really
free market because probably American
money buys all the
drones I'm guessing it's American money
that buys them all but it's still from
their point of view it's still just a
competitive free
market but here's the numbers so they
think they can make 200,000 drones in
the coming year there are roughly
500,000 Russian soldiers
200,000 drones would kill how many
soldiers well it depends what kind they
are some of them might be surveillance
and stuff but in general it's about one
to one now so the the most updated
information is that one well-designed
drone even the small ones little hobby
siiz drones um it can locate one soldier
and it can pretty accurately just dive
bomb and explode and kill that one
person sometimes
it can kill more than one person let's
say they're in some kind of vehicle or
something and so on average you know
sometimes they'll get knocked down by
anti-d drone stuff sometimes something
goes wrong but on average 200,000 drones
is going to kill about 200,000
soldiers now even if he cut that in
half can Russia lose 100,000 soldiers
just to drones next year well probably
they can because Putin's really dug in
and he doesn't want to lose but how many
drones are they going to make the year
after because if it doubles every
year the year after maybe they make
400,000 drones maybe the United States
and other countries in NATO are also
making drones like crazy and using what
they've learned in the Ukraine war to
make sure these are really good killer
drones so what happens if
if in 18 months or two years let's say
worst case scenario the the war
continues for two more years I think
they would have enough drones to kill
every Russian soldier and and the
Russians would have enough to kill you
know maybe half or twoth thirds of the
Ukrainian
forces but if you're
Putin and you feel like you're winning
you're in the cat bird seat and you're
going to negotiate hard
but suppose I said this before suppose
president Trump sat down with Putin he
said here's the deal one drone kills one
of your soldiers if we don't make a deal
that works for us I'm going to make sure
Ukraine has 1 million killer
drones in 18 months and your arm is just
going to disappear we're going to
evaporate them now he'll say well if you
did that I would have to use nuclear
weapons and then Trump says to him
no you
won't because if you do we will so your
best case scenario is just the
negotiate basically keep what you've
already taken and let's wind this thing
down no no I will use nuclear weapons no
you won't you're not going to use any
nuclear weapons that would be dumb you
you've already got most of what you want
how about we just make a deal so when we
talk about could Trump make a deal in
one day
he can if he puts enough pressure on you
know he would probably also say we're
going to your economy and turn
off your EXT whatever pipelines you got
left and all that but uh I think a
million
drones would be the entire story yeah
we've got a million drones and that's
what you're looking at
next anyway uh Ukraine is apparently
taking a tip from the IDF and they're
disguising bombs to kill senior
officials but they're disguising them as
sort of ordinary items like a like a
phone charger but it' be really a bomb
and some kind of document folder that's
a bomb it's according to the New York
Post so I guess the ukrainians are
trying to do decapitation strikes with
the leadership of the uh
Russians
and um that's probably a good strategy
for
negotiating because you know that
obviously they can replace leadership it
probably doesn't make much difference as
long as it's not Putin um but if you
were in the in the level that they were
targeting and you had an option of
settling the war and not be
targeted oh you know I I think you might
say to yourself you know you know Putin
this might be the time to negotiate an
end to this because you know my neighbor
who's got a job like me just got
assassinated so so um here's a topic
which I have not been into but um I
found myself horrified when I dug down
one inch which is RFK Jr's book about
fouchy and I guess he was on Dell Big
Trees podcast talking about it
and I don't quite understand the
fullness of these stories but I'll read
you what I saw maybe you can fact check
me if this is accurate or not but the
claim is
uh that fouchi was somehow involved in
testing drugs on children but he picked
foster homes so that the children had no
parents be and that and there were
massive you know injuries and that he
did it more than
once some were in America some in Africa
now I'm going to call these
allegations because really
like I I can't really wrap my head
around uh the enormity of how evil this
would be if it's
true so I'm a little skeptical but I'm
mostly skeptical about my own
understanding of the
story so that that's where my skep my
skepticism is on myself because I don't
know all the det I haven't read the book
I just saw some summary about it but now
i' I've heard it before that was trying
to test things in Africa and Bill Gates
was trying to test things in Africa but
I don't think that's necessarily a
mistake is
it if you knew there was something that
would be really good for Africa and
really good for the rest of the world if
you could test it and there was only one
place you could legally and practically
test
it I can see why you'd talk yourself
into testing it in Africa and if it
doesn't go well there's going to be
deaths and maybe you knew that you would
have less problem s if he did it in
Africa and maybe you would have fewer
problems if it was kids who didn't have
biological parents in their
lives
so I'm willing to believe that this
level of evil actually happened for
profit but I'm still skeptical that I
understand it well enough and that
there's no counterargument to it so I'm
going to put this in my oh my God this
looks awful
but maybe there's more to the
story all right well I always tell you
there's a new battery breakthrough now
there's uh Engineers Engineers top 1%
probably uh developed Ultra fast
charging battery according to the cool
down and Rick casmer was writing about
it um that would make batteries and this
case it would be the existing kind of
batteries the lithium I think uh they
just add some simple
chemical uh what is it is Betadine so
you've probably heard of Betadine I
think that's the brand name it's a
common um thing that might be in your
medicine cabinet and they just add that
to sort of existing technology and it
gives us this huge increase in
performance such an increase that it
might make electric planes
practical um and 600 mile trips on one
charge and and charging your phone like
right away and and it doesn't look like
it would be super hard to put it into
production I'm sure they have to do more
testing but it it was such a big and
instant change and it's from a substance
which apparently is not hard to
manufacture you don't have to mine it so
once again big breakthrough in potential
batteries
um bre bar news is reporting Ian henet
is writing that uh um the Senate Intel
chair
who is Mark Warner he says that uh even
civilian drones from China are risks
because they might be controlled by the
CCP now I don't know what kind of a
control they would have but it does feel
like a risk I think the risk is we don't
know if they're trying to control them
or
not um if they are it's it's a
problem and then Frank Bergman of slay
news said that there's a secret fiser
report that reveals a 40% spike in heart
conditions among the covid vax to uh use
the fizer
product and apparently this report was
Kept
Secret and it just recently was
revealed um study found that the
vaccinated cohort had a 23 to 40% higher
risk of a heart related
condition do you believe that
do you think the data is
accurate remember I told you
that uh all data that matters is fake
and then I also told you but I'll bet
there's some I'll bet there's some
exceptions like special
cases this might be one of those special
cases and the reason I say that is
because they tried to conceal it if they
had not tried to conceal it and fizer
was touting it
almost certainly I wouldn't trust it
because if they're touting it yeah but
if they're hiding
it why would they hide data that's
incorrect all they'd have to do is put a
memo on it that says oh uh this data is
not can't be trusted because there was a
problem in the way we collected it right
so if they knew it was fake or anybody
knew that the assumptions or what made
it fake if anybody knew that they would
have put notes on it that says well we
can't trust this and that's why we're
not releasing it we can't release it
because we don't trust it to be true but
what if they did trust it to be true and
so they hit it I mean that's that's the
allegation is that he hit it this might
be an obvious exception where you could
trust that it's true because it was bad
for the people who were hiding it who
also created probably created the data
themselves
so that ladies and gentlemen is our
corrupt world and that's all I had for
you today I hope your stocks are up oh
man I went long I'm going to say hi to
the uh locals people but we won't stay
along I'm already taking too much of
your time even though I know it's a
holiday week and the other podcasters
are probably on vacation and you're so
glad that I'm here how many people are
here it looks like we got a pretty big
crowd today there's not much else to
watch is
there all right locals I'm coming at you
now and the rest of you I will see you
tomorrow same time same place I hope you
enjoyed yourself and uh 30 seconds until
we're locals
only but if I push the button and it
doesn't work which is happening right
now then I will not be going private
with
locals because it doesn't work all right
so there's a temporarily
a a glitch all right locals I will see
you tonight in the man cave
uh you know when I usually try to hit
you know 4:30 5:00 but I'm not too exact
about it um I think what I'll try to do
locals people is when I have a good idea
when I'm going to go live for the man
cave I I'll post it maybe 15 minutes
before so that uh there's time for you
to get your alert and you you'll know
when it is so I'll make that adjustment
but I won't be able to go private with
you right now
cuz these buttons are not working try
one more
time nope the go private is not working
all right everybody I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for joining bye for
now oh
no okay so ending the stream also failed
so I have to close the app and reopen it
just to close it again so I'm going to
disappear and reappear but uh the the
show is over I'll see you tomorrow