but pom pom pom pom pom pom pom head
snipe how you doing you're in here fast
how is everybody this morning it's a
wonderful wonderful Sunday at least
where I am on your planet who knows and
it's time it's time to enjoy coffee with
Scott Adams and you may be asking
yourself what do you need to enjoy
coffee with Scott Adams well you're
gonna need some kind of a container a
mug a jug a demitasse a flagon a stupid
tankard or a Toby those apparently are
all synonyms for mug so raise your Stein
your glass your copy your container your
jug demitasse flagons stupid tankard or
Toby and join me for the simultaneous
end oh good stuff now yes the Santa hats
at rest for the moment I would like to
talk about a tale of two tweets one
tweet from our president Donald J Trump
another tweet from a spunky challenger
Alexandria occasi
Cortez I will start with her tweet from
yesterday it's quite a gem now when I
read this tweet the first thing you
should say to yourself is hey that idea
is not original alright so remember when
I read this tweet and I'm going to be
talking complementarity I'm going to be
complimenting it but you should also be
thinking well that's not that really
original that's sort of you know
everybody's thinking that all right but
watch how that doesn't matter
here's the tweet
from Alexandria Acacio Cortez next time
we have a government shutdown
congressional salaries should be
furloughed as well it's completely
unacceptable that members of Congress
can force a government shutdown on
partisan lines and then have
congressional salaries exempt from that
decision have some integrity now that's
easy for her to say since she's not
actually on the payroll yet but she got
42 thousand retweets on that 42 thousand
retweets and 170,000 likes
since yesterday now here's what's
special about it what's special about
this is that it's not that nobody else
could have thought of this because I
think mark meadows and I think some
other people said the same thing but
it's provocative it gets your attention
and it's almost guaranteed to be popular
so from a Twitter game perspective her
Twitter game is really strong even if
you say to yourself well that's not that
creative and it's not but what it is
is exactly what you were thinking so
she's writing tweets that match your
thoughts that my friends is dangerous
and I mean dangerous in the sense that
she's powerful
so I don't know how to talk about her
persuasion game with him you know
building her up and I know some of you
don't want that to happen but I'm gonna
play fair it's the same thing I did when
I talked about Trump and his his
persuasion ability so that's a good
tweet
very very well done even if you don't
like her politics then we have the
master himself president Trump's tweet
now AOC is not at the president's level
all right she's already tweeting
better-than-average politicians by far I
mean by far she's better than average
politicians at her social media game not
even
but Trump's a level above this uses his
own zone so here's his tweet he says if
anybody but your favorite President
Donald J Trump announced that after
decimating Isis in Syria we were going
to bring our troops back home happy and
healthy that person would be the most
popular hero in America with me hit hard
instead by the fake news media crazy now
there's so much in this and I'll just
try to break it down for you so the very
first sentence is if anybody but your
favorite President Donald J Trump
announced that after decimating Isis all
right just the first part of the
sentence there are two parts of this
this first sentence that are provocative
and you can't turn away the first part
is he starts with if anybody but and he
talks about himself so so the first
question that comes into your head is
well is that true is it true that if it
had been anyone else we would have
treated it differently and so you
started thinking about that so you
haven't even started the tweet and he
started with if anybody else and you're
like well I question that is it true is
it true that anybody else so he's
already got you roped in right and then
he and it's not the sentences isn't even
over he goes but your favorite President
Donald J Trump now the fact that he says
your favorite president when he knows
that you know thirty percent of the
country will laugh out loud because they
like it you know oh yeah I use my
favorite president that's funny
it's funny that you would say it and
they would get that he means it to be
funny in other words he's entertaining
the base but part of the entertainment
is that the base understands how much
the other side hates it
so that's what makes it funny because
you know the other side is puking in
their mouths when they're reading it so
that makes it provocative it makes it
impossible to ignore and he cuts through
he cuts through all the people who would
like to ignore this and they had there
not been a tsunami in Indonesia this
probably would have been one of the top
headline stories so but I think he got
wiped off the page by the natural
disaster in Indonesia so then he goes on
he talks about decimating Isis in Syria
how many how many of you know that he's
using the word wrong - how many of you
know without looking it up that to say
we decimated Isis is the wrong use of
the word how many of you knew that
probably about one in ten maybe but this
is a yeah that this is a that's weird -
you're saying one in ten at exactly the
same time that I said it I didn't read
it I actually said one in ten and then
I'm seeing all these comments exactly
the same time ten percent but yes so but
you also know that decimate means 1 in
10 so that's what you're talking about
yeah so to decimate means to reduce
something by 10 percent but in common
usage decimate means to destroy now
what's great about this tweet is I don't
know if he knew this or didn't know it
and it doesn't matter he's speaking the
way people speak so he's speaking to the
country the way they speak and it's sort
of a it's an elite trap because the
elite will come in here and say well let
me read this to you let me read this to
you the way I think CNN would treat this
and I'd like to bring in CNN's latest
employee his name is Dale now if you
don't know it CNN has hired Dale to read
their tweets but you have to read them
with the CNN face and had
dude okay so here's the same tweet as
read by dale with his new job as CNN
well the president has tweeted again
while the world is falling apart he's
tweeting here it is I can barely stand
to read it please
if anybody by your favorite president
[Music]
favorite process my goodness
I'd announced after decimating
decimating seriously Oh decimating and
seem so you have to imagine this being
read by his elite enemies with all kinds
of attitude all right
and that if anybody else had done this
they would be the most popular hero in
America again you have to ask yourself
is that drew if anybody else did this
would they be the most popular hero in
America but what's beautiful about the
tweet and what puts them at a different
level than AARC is that he's making you
talk about the following things even if
you're disagreeing you have to deal with
the statement that he's your favorite
president now that is a good persuasion
because the more that you think those
two words together favorite president
favorite president no he's not my
favorite president is very much like
telling somebody to not think of an
elephant you know you can't not think of
an elephant if somebody tells you to do
that because you imagine the elephant
likewise when you use the word not the
brain doesn't register it the way it
registers the main words so if you say
he's not my favorite president the favor
of president part still slips past your
filters this was very clever but he also
does the same thing with most popular
here
in America so he's making you think
about the phrase most popular hero in
America even if you're disagreeing with
it so so these little these little
persuasive words are kind of filtering
in and you're trying to bat them back
with not not know he's not my favorite
president no he's not the most popular
hero in America and and then he gets to
call out the fake news media and call
them crazy so if you compare a o'seas
tweet which was pretty much straight
down in the middle but it was a it was a
bull's-eye in terms of how the public is
thinking you know how their ordinary
person thinks it was a bull's eye very
strong but it wasn't as provocative as
his was still she got twice as many
retweets as he did because it was on
people's minds so the president here is
in classic form and very entertaining
all right now
CNN has a feature that they run and
update all the time about the the the
power the power line up or something
it's their take on who is most likely to
be the Democratic nominee for president
and here's what's interesting if you
take a poll of who's leading in the
public's mind for Democratic nomination
you get Joe Biden now if you're CNN if
you're CNN and you're let's face as CNN
is smarter than the average voter right
they're much more much more savvy about
everything political CNN knows that Joe
Biden cannot win the presidency but he's
polling number one on the Democrat side
so what do you do if you're to see it in
if your CNN and you can't live with the
fact that the public is so dumb that
they might nominate Joe Biden and you
would get an I elated by Trump what are
you going to do so they've started this
feature called they what do they call it
the the some kind of power ranking yes
the power ranking and so the power
ranking is subjective so I guess there's
some CNN experts or analysts who have
decided which of the Democratic wannabes
are the most likely or most powerful
they've just updated it so that the
number one is
Kamala Harris so according to CNN she'd
be the most powerful nominee and number
two and this is nu beta O'Rourke now
what is there about Kamala Harris of
beta where or that's different from the
other names I'm gonna read on the list
right just picture you probably know
them you know who beta is and you know
who come all is a picture of them in
your mind
and then that I'm just gonna read the
other names and and tell me what's
different about the top two so we've got
Joe Biden Cory Booker Elizabeth Warren
Bernie Sanders Amy Klobuchar sherrod
Brown Julian Castro and Kirsten
Gillibrand Gillibrand Gillibrand what is
it about Kamala Harris and baitoey Roark
that's different from all the rest can
you tell me oh actually that's a good
point somebody said they have abnormal
names I hadn't thought about that but
that's actually a really good point
the abnormal names are real a really an
advantage but that wasn't even what I
was going for
oh are you serious I can't believe that
you're not coming up with it right away
now it could be because there you go
they're pretty so is it is it an
accident that when CNN does their power
list of the people who when they've
looked at all the variables they've
decided who's the one who's likely to be
the best candidate for president and it
turns out the by coincidence
by coincidence it's the two sexiest
people is that a coincidence now I know
this is subjective right and you may be
saying to yourself okay not in my mind
whatever but if you were to look at you
know the average person and how they see
this stuff the two sexiest people on
their entire list
they put number one and two because
Kamala Harris is an attractive human
being and beta or orc is it attractive
you've been being I'll try to keep this
non sexist because I don't think we need
that but can you imagine the package in
which Kamala Harris was the presidential
candidate and because beta will Roark is
sort of coming on stalling but he hasn't
won anything yet they stick him in as
vice president
that would be a hard team to beat and it
would be because of the the charisma and
the you know thing also the demographic
demographic appeal of Kamala Harris but
here's my point about this
so my point about CNN's power ranking is
not whether it's right or wrong my point
about it is that CNN is not reporting
the news here
what is CNN doing that's the opposite of
reporting the news CNN is leading the
witness
CNN is trying to make these two the top
candidates so they're reporting them as
if as if there's some kind of I don't
know science or or something behind it
and and so the the public who is
watching CNN is going to see them keep
saying oh top two strongest or Kamala
Harris and beta O'Rourke yeah I guess I
guess that I
that CNN is not reporting the news here
CNN is literally brainwashing their
viewers so that the viewers will make
the right choice if you ever thought
that we live in anything like a you know
a democracy or anything on paper we do
you know it's a republic on paper and
we've got a constitution and all that
whoa
watch what happens right in front of
your eyes as you see the the
opinion-makers the few people who make
decisions about what the news is they
have decided that they are agreed to
turn the public away from Biden which
they're doing with this and they're
going to turn toward the two sexiest
candidates
now when I say sexiest I mean that not
just you know physical you know and how
young we are and stuff like that I mean
that that will be interesting on camera
and it would be good for business
CNN is actually trying to shape up a
contest that will be good for CNN do you
see this I'm not making this up right
you can see that CNN is trying to move
the public opinion to the thing that
would be the best news as well as
probably the best threat to the
president Bernie Sanders they put it
number six he is not sexy and he's not
good on TV so I don't think you've ever
seen a better example where the news is
not the news the news is just
brainwashing
it's just brainwashing and it's gonna
work I guarantee you that watch this
watch the opinion polls which have Biden
at the top and it's mostly because of
name recognition so CNN's going to start
chipping away at the name recognition
advantage and they're also going to be
giving you little suggestions like you
know Kamala Harris is the right
demographic for 2018 which actually they
say in the article so the article
describing these people actually say
welcome Alerus she has the right
the right demographic you know she's
woman she's african-american and she
also Indian American or something she's
whatever it is it's an interesting
flavor and they're gonna make it true
because that's the matchup that they
want all right WikiLeaks
here's another topic WikiLeaks had a
little bit yesterday that if it's true
changes everything about what you
thought about the Syria situation and
general mattis did you all see the
WikiLeaks tweet probably not so
WikiLeaks tweeted and I'm not gonna say
this is true yeah I would have to hear
from another source
but WikiLeaks tweeted that general
mattis had been not so secretly talking
to people about running for president
think about that so according to
WikiLeaks
general mattis not so secretly meaning
it was an open secret in Washington was
looking at running for president changes
everything doesn't it now I don't know
if it's true
so I would wait for a confirmation of
that I mean that could easily be fake
news so we'll wait for that but if
general mattis is actually angling to
run for president the first thing the
first question is as what as a Democrat
as a Republican it's not really clear is
it I'm not sure what he would run for
but secondly if he were planning to run
for president what would be the best way
to set the table keep in mind that
Madison like Trump is a strategist you
know he's a he's a chess player you know
Madison become mattis because he can't
do strategy the very best thing he could
do if he were planning to run for
president is to decry the president as
being incompetent and resigned for
principle it would be the very best
thing he could do to to establish
himself for running for
now I'm not going to say that's what's
happening yet I'm just gonna keep an eye
on but it would completely change your
opinion of how wrong President Trump is
about Syria if you thought he was wrong
about it because hey Madison a straight
shooter well here's the thing if Madison
has decided to try to run for president
he is not a straight shooter
because the moment you decide to run for
president or even decide to get serious
about it you have moved yourself from
great shooter to advocate and The
Advocate does not have the obligation to
play fair in fact we don't expect it we
don't want it we want them to get in the
contest and and really mix it up we're
all expecting that
so the weaselly part of this is that if
it turns out that mattis decides to run
for president
it will reinterpret everything you
thought about this serious situation and
he's going to look like the biggest
weasel in the world
so the first taste we have of Madison
running for president is going to be
fricking weasel
which is probably the worst thing that
could happen to his brand because his
brand is you know straight shooter
effective all that so I'm a little I'm a
little skeptical whether he really is
considering a run for president but as
soon as I heard it I thought to myself
he'd be a strong candidate except that I
think he screwed the pooch on on the way
he left the administration now we have a
little more information about Trump's
decision to withdraw from Syria the
reporting on this was that he was on a
phone call with the Turkish president
president air Dewan and everyone asked
President Trump allegedly on this phone
call wire why is the United States still
in Syria because you know Turkey and the
other forces Russia etc we can take care
of what's left of Isis
and reportedly and again you can't be
sure this happened but this is the
reporting reportedly the president
turned to John Bolton who was actually
on the call at the same time and said
John Bolton why is that not true that
we've beaten Isis so badly that we're no
longer necessary because Turkey has a
strong military Russia's there you know
Israel's there
what will your 2,000 people do to make
much of a difference and apparently
Trump put that question to Bolton and
Bolton couldn't answer the question why
we're still necessary for fighting Isis
since they're so beaten so don't know if
that's true but it would be interesting
that the president was talking to Turkey
because that suggests that maybe the
question of the Kurds came up that's not
been reported but I would be surprised
if the Kurds are not accommodated to
keep them safe one way or the other and
now I would like to present to you one
of my ideas for the blight Authority so
the blight Authority if you if you have
not heard about this I'm working with
Bill Polti who has created what he calls
these these blight Authority
organizations they're nonprofits that
essentially he gets guess wealthy donors
to donate money he works with the cities
to find homes in the urban areas that
are condemned or need to be bulldozed
and it turns out there are tens of
thousands of them and if you bulldoze
them you reduce the crime and you give
you you create a situation where maybe
something new could be built so talking
about what