I'm pumpin pumpin pumpin done pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom Poko hello
miss boo hat miss boo boo hat and the
rest of you who were streaming in here
so many of you oh my god hundreds
thousands here they come
yes bitcoin is soaring
bitcoin is soaring who told you that
bitcoin would go up
Eric Finland did he's got a very
aggressive call on Bitcoin and it looks
like the so called
Finland effect is happening which is
that Eric Finland makes a call on a
crypto and it moves we've seen it over
and over again alright but before we get
to that let us do why you came here you
know why you came here it's for a little
thing called this simultaneous it and
the way you do this is you grab a cup or
a glass or a mug a Steiner a chalice or
at Eckerd possibly a thermos maybe a
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
get ready for the dopamine hit to the
day the part that gets you going the
part that makes you just love the rest
of your day here it comes the
simultaneous app
oh I hope you're making that noise at
home ah so one update correction many of
you know I did a little test to see if I
could determine what the YouTube
algorithm is for limiting or throttling
things and it seemed to me that every
time I mentioned the fine people hoax my
my monetization dropped off a shelf and
it seemed to be throttled but I did an
illegitimate test which people have
pointed out I did a small video on one
topic just about the fine people hoax
and I wanted to see if that would get D
monetized and sure enough it was deeply
throttled but here's your two
interesting things as some smart people
told me on Twitter it wasn't a good test
because that video was short and the
algorithm favors long videos because
YouTube wants to keep you watching so
just the fact that there was a short
video and most of my videos are longer
that should have produced an
inappropriate analysis and perhaps it
did so let us assume that we do not know
what happened with the algorithm because
that test was not very good but one
interesting thing did happen before I
started complaining about my videos
being demonetised I noticed that the
graph instead of going up like almost
every other video was flat it was flat
for a day or so
like nobody watched it and then after I
complained not only did the curve go up
but here's the interesting part the part
that had been flat before disappeared so
in other words the history of the
traffic on that that particular video
the history disappeared it was rewritten
by a different history so after I called
out that it was flatlined and that was
impossible
the flatline went away now am I mistaken
possibly I could totally be mistaken I
may be confusing this video with another
one I may have seen something that was
just a glitch I may have seen something
that makes complete sense because of the
way they count things and the timing of
things possibly but the problem is once
again I can't tell if I have free speech
think about that
do you have freedom of speech if you
can't tell because I can't tell it's
it's such a you know non transparent
process of whose videos get attention
who the algorithm slows down if you
don't know you don't really know how
free your speech is now I know I know
freedom of speech has to do with the
government it does not have to do with
private companies does not have to do
with social media but I think most of
you are at least smart enough to know
that free speech without the the tools
of free speech isn't really free speech
let me give you an example
does a prisoner who is in prison in
solitary confinement have freedom of
speech well yes they can talk all they
want inside their little cell but they
don't have access in terms of tools or
capability to actually take advantage of
the freedom of speech so if a person is
shanab and it's sort of like being put
in solitary confinement that person from
a legal constitutional perspective has
complete freedom of speech but nobody
can hear it so you have to ask yourself
is that the freedom of speech that the
founders anticipated you know did they
say yeah we want to we want you to have
freedom of speech but we're going to
take away all the capability and tools
for anybody else to hear what you're
saying
I think if the founders understood the
internet and and wrote a constitution in
the days of social media they would have
actually included some language to
handle that I think they would have had
to because they would have said to
themselves well sure you have freedom of
speech but nobody could hear you wait a
minute that doesn't mean anything that
is meaningless if you can't control the
tools of communication if they're not
open to people nobody has freedom of
speech they have the freedom to talk to
themselves the freedom to talk to
yourself I don't know how much that's
worth let's talk about something else
most of you seen that President Trump
tweeted carpe dong Tom's a meme that
showed a fake Time magazine with you
know Trump 2020 and then it went to
Trump 2024 or Trump you know and it went
through the years until it looked like
Trump was going to stay in office
forever it was brilliantly funny because
it mocked one of the biggest criticisms
of the president is that he literally
intends to stay in office after the ends
of you know whenever his terms are over
now one way to deal with that would be
to treat it seriously and say no do not
be worried citizens I do not plan to try
to become a dictator first of all it's
impossible you know you couldn't get the
military or anybody else to be in favor
of it impossible second of all it
wouldn't be to his best interest because
retiring as a successful president is a
really good deal trying to become a
dictator and having everybody in your
family killed in the first 10 minutes
would be a bad deal I think the
president can tell the difference
between these two deals successful
respected ex-president versus everyone
in your family is murdered in an hour
no they're not really close cuz yeah you
know I mean seriously ask Don junior if
he would expect to be alive
I mean some McCobb it's a mob topic but
somebody asked Don jr. John judor if
you're president if your father tried to
become a dictator what would you imagine
would be your life expectancy I think
he'd say well first of all that's stupid
that's never gonna happen and he'd be
right that's stupid isn't never gonna
happen but hypothetically my life
expectancy would be about 25 minutes
that's how long I can hide in the closet
before the crowds rip me apart there's
no there's no chance in the world I mean
just none that the president is thinking
in those terms of staying in office
after his term so the best way to handle
a ridiculous belief like that is to not
treat it too seriously and by tweeting
this meme he just he just put the joke
to it and I haven't seen anybody
complaining about this yet since the
meme have you since the president
tweeted this meme mocking people for
thinking he was going to try to stay in
office it perpetually as anybody talked
about him not staying in office
or staying in office I think he made the
whole thing go away because it made it
look so ridiculous and he was willing to
treat it as ridiculous even from the
office of the president which I thought
was great
so congratulations carpe Noctem another
home run piece of work there you all are
aware of the newest accusation against
the president in on the personal realm
I'm not even going to mention it because
well I'll tell you why first of all I
employ the 20 year year rule the 20 year
rule says this
it says that if you did something more
than 20 years ago or even if you just
accused of something more than 20 years
ago because it's hard to check I don't
care I don't care it's 20 years ago and
by the way I do apply this to all
Democrats I applied it to Hillary
Clinton when she was running and people
were talking about things that may or
may not have happened 20 years ago I
said yeah don't tell me 20 year rule if
she hasn't done any of this stuff in 20
years I'm just not going to account for
it but I must say something about this
latest accusations I and I'm gonna make
a distinction between things that are
true and things that are credible
because those could be different
something could be not credible because
the way the information is transmitted
to you but still be true so whether
something is true or not is not
available to me but I will say that the
latest accusation doesn't smell true it
doesn't really look credible and some
people are saying such as Alyssa Milano
hey if there are 20 accusations about a
thing why don't you take that seriously
to which I say I'm pretty sure there are
20 accusations they Hillary Clinton had
people killed am I wrong about that
aren't there something like I don't know
what the number is but some some
laughably large number of people that
Hillary Clinton is supposed to have had
killed over her career does the fact
that that number is a big number mean
that well maybe they're not all true but
certainly she killed three or four
people you know I mean I don't believe
she killed 65 people but certainly three
or four no it doesn't really mean that
we don't live in a world where 65
accusations or 20 accusations actually
means as much as you think it honor let
me ask you this how many women in the
United States have had a sex dream about
president Trump I'm gonna wait for your
comments how many do you believe I've
had a dream about some kind of sexual
interaction with President Trump
I'm gonna guess 30 million probably 30
million people have had a dream and the
reason is that probably 30 million
people had a sex dream about the last
president and probably that many people
had a sex dream about the president
before that you got a lot of it's the
most common I think it's the most common
sex dream is sex with the president you
don't correct me if I'm wrong but I
think that's like one of the ones that
just you just have all the time not me
personally but a lot of people and so
you've got that and then I also have the
celebrity experience of how many times
I've been accused of doing things to
people that I've never met I've told you
my story about my my crazy stalker in
Canada who every few years she goes off
her meds
and calls people I work with you know
business people and tells me how I've
drew how I Drive up to Canada but now
and then rifle through her apartment
hacker computer and and and do terrible
things now have never met her but she
tells a very credible story because the
people who asked me about it they say oh
we got this phone call and I say was it
from a crazy Canadian woman that I've
never met and they go well as a matter
of fact yes so famous people and
especially presidents have a lot of
people imagining the things happen
literally imagining the things happened
if you've got 30 million
people having dreams about you and
hearing stories about things you may or
may not have done to other people and
some amount of those 30 million are
literally mentally mentally troubled you
would expect I would expect no fewer
then let's say and if you know 300 some
million citizens say you know 150
million adults let's say 75 million
women thinking about the President and
thinking about accusations about them
under yeah I'm just giving rough numbers
but if you have 75 million people who
are primed to think about the President
and Prime to think about these other
accusations against them and of 75
million how many would you imagine
believe that would happen believed it
happened to them so if he started with
75 million women what would you predict
would be the number of them who would
have accusations about any president
doesn't matter who it is and of 75
million I would guess one hundred
hundred two hundred it may be a hundred
thousand somebody said a hundred
thousand I don't think that many but I I
would expect no fewer than several
hundred would legitimately come to
believe that they had had a sexual
experience with the president I would
think and a 75 million because that is
75 million you've got at least 10
million who were you know under
professional care professional mental
care and by the way I'm not saying
anything about the latest accuser so
this has nothing to do with her
personally I'm just talking generally so
anyway you should expect that any
president should have literally hundreds
of people who actually believed that
they had an account an encounter with
that president if we had a female
president you should you should believe
that there will be hundreds of American
men who believe they had some kind of
encounter with that person who didn't
dude how many people believe they've had
personal interactions with me who I've
never met
a lot and and I know that because people
say things such as just the other day
somebody said yeah my friend was talking
about how you you did this with that and
you know when you went to school with
them and I'll say where'd your friend go
to school and they'll say I don't
Montana or whatever and I'll say nope
didn't go to school in Montana they're
there I even in my case I've probably
heard I think this is fair to say I
think I've heard hundreds of stories
hundreds this is just me I've heard
hundreds of stories about people who
claim they had an encounter with me in a
bar and some City I've never been to in
school that I didn't go to in a college
I didn't go to hundreds and that's just
about me and they actually have told
their friends these stories about
encounters they had with me so for
example especially in the 90s when
Dilbert was really hot there was I have
a an imposter who would say say he was
me and go to bars and you know at least
at least one woman emailed me to tell me
about it and thought that she'd had an
encounter with me and I said where this
happened and she was like well it was
some place I'd never been and obviously
I would have remembered the encounter
but it didn't happen so very very common
anyway let's talk about something else
Dominican Republic I was waiting a
little while on this story because first
of all I don't usually care too much
about the knots nothing I don't care I
don't I don't use it as material for the
periscopes of tragedies and deaths and
car accidents and fires and stuff like
that it's it's not what I can add much
value to but the Dominican Republic
thing has now entered my domain mass
hysteria so I've made the claim that
because I'm a trained persuader
I've studied hypnosis I'm a hypnotist
and I've studied persuasion all my life
that I have a little bit better insight
to identify a mass hysteria
now I identified and
so far I think I'm right that the so
called sonic weapon used on our
embassies in Cuba and somewhere else
Canada maybe I said that was mass
hysteria there might actually be some
damage to people from something but the
idea that there was a sonic weapon I
said was mass hysteria and I predicted
we would never you know get solid
evidence of such a weapon and sure
enough much time is going by and there's
no solid evidence of such a weapon so I
think I could claim success without 100%
confidence but probable success on that
prediction the Dominican Republic
appears very much to be mass hysteria
what we know is that the politicians in
the Dominican Republic are saying hey
there's no story here all of those
deaths had a cause there and I think
they're claiming that they're not
necessarily unusual because there are a
lot of people who visit and some people
are gonna die and some people are gonna
die young some people you know etc so
here's my best I'm gonna give you my
best prediction about Dominican Republic
my guess is that some people died of
some kind of environmental poisoning and
environmental in this case could be some
alcohol they had that was bad
could be something they were exposed to
otherwise etc so I think the odds that
some people had some kind of legitimate
accident bad booze bad something pretty
high the odds that there's some kind of
widespread problem is pretty low so I
separate the sexes the yeah apparently
people are saying that the shooter of
David Ortiz was a mistaken identity and
people are saying that can't be how
would anybody have a mistaken identity
of somebody so well known well first of
all if you saw the video of the shooting
there's actually a surveillance video of
the shooting he was shot in the back
so I don't know how easy it is to
recognize somebody from behind you know
I can't imagine that that's that would
be something you couldn't make a mistake
at yeah so I would say it's at least
it's at least seriously possible that it
was accident that it was mistaken
identity I wouldn't say that's confirmed
by any means and you know it's probably
slightly more chance that that was the
case but I wouldn't take anybody's word
for it so that's my ruling there may be
a few real deaths and it would be good
to know exactly what happened but
probably it's some combination of
coincidence and mass hysteria
driving the Dominican Republic stuff so
here's a prediction so remember I told
you you could ignore people who predict
the past that's not a thing and you
should ignore anybody who gives you
opinions that can't form some kind of a
prediction so here's my prediction we
will not discover with any amount of
research and any amount of time that
goes by we will not discover a large
let's say a conspiracy to kill lots of
people
we will not discover that any person or
group was behind it and that we might
discover that there were some tainted
specific poisonings that happened but
that other people were more coincidental
probably more coincidental deaths all
right let's talk about something else
Iran if you saw my initial periscope on
this here's some things I said that
should make you think that that I'm
spooky so what I said was
you should not assume that that drone
that was shot down was in international
airspace and a lot of people say well we
know exactly where the drone was because
even a hobby drone will draw a map for
you of exactly where it was
so obviously this high-tech drone we do
know exactly where it was but what I
said was maybe in this and for some
reason this possibility had not been
discussed by anybody had seen yet I said
maybe both Iran and the United States
are a little bit right meaning that
maybe it was over Iran's airspace for a
short time and maybe by the time they
got around to shooting it down it left
their airspace so I said that's the
possibility and now it turns out that at
least some reporting for The New York
Times unconfirmed suggests that maybe we
weren't so sure where our drone was we
were so sure where it was what so what
now
so that should scare you because I'm
sure we do know where it was so that
suggests that maybe somebody was either
not telling the president the full story
or that the administration has decided
to let's say lie to the publics
now let me tell you about something
about lying to the public about military
action it's acceptable let me say that
again if your government lies to you
about military assets you know where we
were and why we were and what we did in
a military sense that is acceptable
verax the responsibility of the
government is not to tell me the truth
about military stuff I don't want to
know their secrets I don't want to know
their plans I don't know I don't want to
know what they tried that didn't work
I don't want to know those and if it
helps our cause militarily I want them
to lie to me
are we all in the same page if the
choice is telling the citizens the truth
and I'm talking about the short term in
the long term the truth comes out and I
think that's good you know it's good
that we eventually find out what
happened that part I'm very I'm very
sure I want to eventually know what
happened but in the short term where its
strategic the things our president tells
us you know is forming public opinion
that public opinion is being monitored
by Iran Iran cares what the public of
the United States thinks because that
that determines what the president can
do and get away with so it's all part of
the military option so when your
president tells you something like the
you know the drone was over this
airspace or the reason I did or did not
attack is this or that reason what you
should say to yourself is sure okay and
then you should not take you seriously
because it's not meant to convey to you
accurate information you're not you are
not part of a process in which
well-meaning people are trying to give
you the most accurate information they
have nobody's trying to do that and if
they did try to do that you should fire
them immediately because their primary
obligation this keeps the country safe
if the way to do that is to shade some
information then please shade some
information right it's not it's not an
accident that we have a CIA etc whose
job it is to conceal and lie and etc the
reason we do that is because it works or
the other thing that I suggested was
that there might have been more than one
aircraft you didn't hear anybody else
say that right I think I was the first
person who said what if there were two
aircraft what if they
what if they maybe we're aiming at one
or confused it with the other one
something like that
and then it turns out that Iran is
claiming and maybe there's some
confirmation of this but at least
they're claiming that there was a manned
aircraft that may have violated their
international territory now could it be
that they confused the aircraft yeah
probably not
but could it be that they thought about
shooting the one that was manned over
their territory and said you know it
would be better is to shoot the unmanned
one that's you know was close to our
territory or was in our territory for a
little while or isn't in our territory
but we can complain about the one that
was while we're shooting down the one
that wasn't now I don't know we'll
probably never know the truth of where
these aircraft were maybe someday we
will but not in the short term and so my
speculation that we should not be sure
where our aircraft was because we should
not expect nor shall we ask our
government to be honest with us on these
details on military things in the short
term in the long term I do want to know
I think that's important all right so
I'm gonna claim credit for being the
first person who's speculated that we
don't necessarily know where that drone
was and it might have been part of the
story and that there might have been
more than one aircraft who were part of
the same story and both seem to be the
case all right let's talk about have you
all seen the video of Pete Buddha jej
trying to talk to some black lives
matter people who are complaining about
I guess there was a african-american man
killed by a white police officer and
there's some anger over that I don't
know the details but you really have to
see that you have to see that to know
that Peabody jej will not be your
president it is
trizzie week
because first of all I don't I don't
understand this part because Budaj edge
is an interesting person he knows how to
operate in public and and be interesting
and he's standing there in front of a
bunch of african-american protesters on
this topic
and he's reading a prepared statement
like he doesn't want to be there he's
really like and you know feel bad about
and blah blah blah and and I thought
what is going on here he looks like he
doesn't want to be here he looks like he
doesn't care he looks like he's lost all
his energy and then it got worse because
they were asking him you know you know
does he care about black lives do you
think they matter and of course he said
yes but then one of the protesters
shouted at him and said you know what
something like why do you expect our
vote and booed a judge for reasons I
don't quite understand said to her I'm
not asking for your vote now I think he
meant something clever like I think that
whatever he was thinking he was
communicating was not whatever came out
of his mouth because if you're running
for president and there's an African
American citizen standing in front of
you saying that you're not doing
something to get her vote and you say
did that person on camera while
everybody's watching I didn't ask for
your vote or I'm not asking for your
vote well maybe that meant something
maybe he meant that specific person he
wasn't asking for a vote I mean whatever
he meant it didn't come out right
now I'm gonna give him the benefit of
the doubt right because um we all know
his academic qualifications so you know
let me say if he and I did an IQ test
I'm pretty sure he would you know beat
me on that IQ test pretty badly but it
looked dumb and it certainly was
avoidable and I think it completely
ended any chance he has
that clip makes it impossible to imagine
him negotiating with Putin or any strong
leader it makes it impossible to see him
as a president really I think it ended
his campaign or at least you know the
the replaying of it would end his
campaign if he ever rose enough in the
polls for people to even care about it
all right so I think he's out so I'm
gonna count Buddha jej his odds of being
president
I just went 2-0 completely zero he
should he should drop out now he has no
chance did you see the video of the
Democrats I guess 21 of them showed up
at this fish fry event and they all had
these terrible t-shirts on with who was
the name of the Democrat leader who's
who organized it so here's Clyburn is it
is a name was on the shirt and somebody
on Twitter said if you're running for
president president Clyburn if you're
running for president never wear a
t-shirt now when you first hear that you
say to yourself oh why not yeah
everybody wears a t-shirt wouldn't that
make you like a you know just like the
people wouldn't that be good and then
you see the picture of these 21
Democrats on stage posing for the
cameras wearing these t-shirts and I
gotta say if you're running for
president never wear a t-shirt okay so
they all look bad in t-shirts
none of them look serious none of them
look presidential
a lot of the t-shirts didn't fit so some
of them had you know too large too small
all of the t-shirts that had the name of
the other kin of the other person on it
Clyburn i think that's some smaller you
know some kind of message that you
couldn't see but
it was a terrible visual and burning got
the worst of it because people were so
focused on Bernie because he when you
when you see him on stage it was all the
younger more photogenic Democrats he
just doesn't look good he looks too old
too angry just he just just doesn't look
like he could be your president ever so
I think Bernie I would say Bernie's odds
of being president are close to zero
he's down in the 5% range I would say
here's the best story of the day CNN's
Erin Burnett was speculating wondering
if one of the reasons that President
Trump did not attack Iran even though it
seems that at least the reporting says I
don't know if this is true but the
reporting says that Bouldin and Pompeyo
were in favor of the strike striking
Iran but then the president didn't do it
and Erin Burnett was speculating she
wonders if the reason was because Fox
News the Fox News is Tucker Carlson were
so against it what do you think most of
you probably saw Tucker Carlson show and
shows because he's been talking about it
for a few days in which he is absolutely
solidly against starting a war with Iran
do you think that Tucker Carlson's
absolute solid you know disagreement
with a with a killing war with Iran do
you think that that made a difference
well here's my opinion we don't know if
it made a difference because what we
don't know is if the President had
reasons enough to not do the attack and
if a hundred people 150 people were
gonna die that is reason enough it was a
good reason if the president found out
there was some question about where the
drone was well that would be a good
reason to if the president thought let's
scare them but I don't really intend to
attack I'm just gonna make it really
look like I am because this helps me to
negotiate later well then dr. Carlson
would not be important to the decision
because in that scenario the president
already decided and we just found out
later but I don't believe the president
could have attacked Iran so let let's
say hypothetically those other reasons
weren't good enough and he still wanted
to do it I actually don't think the
president could have attacked Iran
without Tucker Carlson's approval well I
say approval and I don't mean that in
the sense that the president needs
approval from anybody on television but
the president does require public
support for a military action that's
killing people in other places Tucker I
think made it impossible for the
president to get some kind of strong
enough military support so the weirdest
thing about our democracy slash Republic
slash social media is actually running
things is that Tucker being
unambiguously against war and make it
clear making it clear yeah you know he
didn't say this directly but I don't
think he needed to say it directly
I think Tucker made it clear then if the
president attacked Iran he would take
out the president
now when I say take out the president
what I mean is he has such a prominent
voice on the most important Network for
the people who are the supporters of the
president if he decided to hammer the
president every day before starting war
there's no way there's no way president
Trump could get reelected if if Tucker
Carlson turned on him for such a good
reason so first of all let's acknowledge
it's not just about Tucker Carlson's
personal opinion Tucker Carlson
represents by you know accidentally by
he represents a very large opinion in
the conservative world if he had been
part of let's say hey I love the
president and everything he does so even
if I don't like this action against Iran
I'm gonna support it anyway because you
know I'm on the team if he had done
something like that
it would give the president cover to do
whatever he thought he needed to do
militarily because he came down so
strongly against it and it didn't look
like there was ever going to be any
reason good enough it wouldn't have
mattered I think to Tucker and this is
just my own speculation I don't think it
would have mattered to him if the
administration had to offer some BS
reason why we had to do it because he
seemed to stake out a territory which is
it doesn't work ever
this attacking other countries never
works so I don't care about your reason
because it it wasn't what's the point of
having a reason to do something that
never works how could it ever it make
sense to say well I know it never works
but we're going to do it because we have
a good reason
that would be completely nonsense so you
don't even need to listen to the
administration's reason because there is
no reason to do something that never
works there's no reason for that
so you have this weird situation where I
don't believe that Tucker stopped the
attack because I think there are
probably other reasons that were good
enough but I do believe that he presents
a very valuable public service and I
don't think you can minimize that that
that Tucker Carlson is legitimately and
somewhat you know it's an accident of of
history that he's in the position he has
you know that yes the provenance he has
the eight o'clock spot you know the most
prominent spot I don't think it's just
an amazing thing that he's in a position
where he can probably stop an optional
war now I don't think Tucker could stop
a war if the homeland were attacked
right and you know I don't have any
reason to think he would try to so if we
had to attack you know we had a real
reason it was defensive whatever you
know that's a different story but for Oh
an optional war and I ran at this point
anyway is certainly in the optional
category we don't have to we just think
we have reasons or some people think
they have reasons Tucker is actually in
a position to stop that war think about
that I mean just think about that that's
amazing
and you'd have to say that as a patriot
and I'm sure he would call himself a
patriot I think I've heard him say that
and most of us would damned he did some
good work this week like what did you do
this week how was your week what did you
do this week that protected the entire
world I didn't do much I don't think I
did anything to protect the world this
week talk to Carlson Ted
tucker carlson protected the whole world
this week and and it sounds funny when i
say it because you know it's hard to
it's hard to imagine that you know one
strong voice would have that kind of
effect but if you've got the eight
o'clock spot on Fox and president Trump
is your president he doesn't really have
the option of doing an optional war
without the main voices on on Fox and
again Hannity would be the same
situation right
if Hannity wanted to stop an optional
war pretty sure he could do it I don't
know if there's anybody else on Fox who
could do that the other shows the other
shows on Fox are either you know
straight news or they are you know more
entertainment opinions you know if you
look at the five for example it's very
influential but it's it's more
entertainment splash you know and it's
entertainment opinion and has a little
less weight I think than a Hannity or or
Tucker Carlson anyway one of the things
that Erin Burnett was questioning is the
timeline of the Iranian story so at one
point the president said that he stopped
the attack ten minutes before it
happened and in another story he said
they came to me thirty minutes before
the attack and gave me some information
about you know casualties and then I
stopped the attack so Erin is pointing
out Erin Burnett that there's a
discrepancy in the story all right was
it ten minutes before the attack or was
it thirty minutes before the attack to
which I say are you kidding me first of
all there's not really a difference
between thirty minutes and ten minutes
in the telling of this particular story
ooh right because first of all the
plains were not in the air and the
president is not making that claim it
was 30 minutes or 10 minutes before the
decision was supposed to be made doesn't
matter if it was 10 minutes before the
decision was made or 30 minutes before
the decision was to made to be made if
you're the if he's the commander in
chief
does that deadline mean much to you not
really because he could have said give
me another half hour right and they
would have said okay you know we can't
wait forever but I'll give you another
half hour so that 10 minutes for 30
minutes doesn't make any difference but
first but more importantly there was no
discrepancy because what he said was
they came to me 30 minutes before and
then I asked about some questions they
answered some questions and then
separately he said he called it off 10
minutes before the attack those are the
same story they came to you 30 minutes
early you talked and then 10 minutes
before the attack you called it off that
gives you 20 minutes to talk about it
that's the same story as that they came
to me 30 minutes before we talked about
it and when it was 10 minutes left which
means the 20 minutes of talking happened
I called it off that's a discrepancy
doesn't sound like all right I put on my
headphones because I'm gonna invite some
people to ask me some questions once you
ask me some questions partly because the
news is so darn quiet lately okay a lot
of quiet news so once you ask you
questions for the benefit of the the
other people who are listening to this
they probably don't want to hear a long
background so if you can kind of get to
this get to the question part quickly
people would like that and I know you
might want to say some nice things about
anything I've done but look just keep it
to the question we'll keep it tight
all right let me see you we're gonna
bring on here let's bring on mark mark
are you there I can hear you do you have
a question for me yeah on the issue of
persuasion for the next mega thing what
would you think about let America
flourish and then you've got a humor
hashtag of LAF oh let America flourish
because LAF is a good acronym well first
of all I would not make a decision based
on the acronym because in my in my
opinion mega was the worst act of an
acronym ever because it sounds like a
maggot and and of course you know the
the critics made that case and yet the
worst acronym ever but it's still the
best slogan of all time so so you could
certainly have a bad actor Tim in a gray
slogan because mega was exactly that I
would not have yeah somebody said
flourish is too flowery correct you
would not use the word flourish in any
kind of a campaign slogan because it
sounds it sounds you know I don't have
to tell you it just sounds like sounds
like you don't have the common touch
thank you thank you for that all right
all right let's take another question
let's go to Debra Debra are you there
I can what's your question Debra a few
days ago you talked about how companies
in the United States really couldn't go
to China anymore and companies are
pulling out of China and so that means
they've got to go other places
now there's one country that is pretty
much uncharted territory and if the
conditions were right what would you
think about there being economic
development in North Korea well I'm all
in favor of that you know the president
is wisely
one of the things he wisely does is he
says you know I will do terrible things
to you but if you play well with us I
will do great things for you for your
economy so that's the proposition to
North Korea so anything that we could do
that would be good for potential North
Korean development should they play well
with the nuclear situation is good but I
don't see any way that businesses could
easily pull enough china and go to North
Korea North Korea wouldn't have the
infrastructure of this stability etc so
I don't see I don't see Apple moving its
its resources or production to North
Korea just be too dangerous but thanks
for the questions all right let's take
another question by the way I always
think what a mullah would be the the
obvious place for that let's go to Scott
Scott who disappeared all right Scott
disappeared as soon as I selected him
let's go to James James coming to assume
James can you hear me yes James you have
a question oh you know how DC works but
but the thing is people say about
America you know this one Afghanistan
you rock right right the thing is it's
um asymmetrical warfare is America
doomed to lose every war from now since
they fight as you know you could say the
good guy they don't fight like it one or
two used to fire blind civilians and all
that is any good Western country doomed
to lose Wars now yes yes we will the
United States will in some sense
probably lose every war from now on in
the same sense that every large country
will probably lose every war from now on
and the reason is that it's too easy to
get weapons to insurgents and there's
always some insurgent who wants to use
those weapons especially as drones come
online
so between IAD
and drones that are basically flying
IEDs it will it will never pay to start
a war so when I say will never win
another war certainly we can crush a
government we can crush their standing
army we can take it down from a big army
to a small army we might be able to
destroy their nuclear capabilities so
there are lots of things we can destroy
but we will hurt ourselves so much that
it will never be worth it the Iraq
example being a perfect one so I think
that the days of just winning a war and
then you know it's like the end of World
War two where Japan and Germany say okay
okay we give up let's make this a clean
clean surrender we'll get everybody on
board if you'll help us rebuild our
country we can all be friends again
I don't know if that will ever see that
again so I think the days of winning
wars in other people's territory are
coming to a close and something that
navall said on Twitter the other day I
think it put it in the perfect
perspective which is imagine there's
something like Moore's law which applied
to you know microchip processing power
this says that you know doubles every
whatever years imagine that applied to
drones we are very close to the point
where any enemy who can get drones can
pretty much attack back anybody so just
the whole concept of wars where you're
killing people are just going to become
just not worth doing anymore there may
be countries that you have to leave
there may be countries we have to bomb
some assets there may be countries where
you just have to do a change of
leadership for some reason but you're
not going to like conquer that country
and fix it I don't think that I think
those days are over
but thanks for the question good
question Kerry much
let's take another one do do let's do
Kevin Kevin looks like he has a good
question Kevin come to us looks like a
little process Oh Kevin are you there
good morning you have a question premise
that warming is back I accept the
premise that that is a stupid question
now I'm not calling you stupid I'm
calling the question stupid because it's
the most common question on the topic so
the question if you if you didn't hear
it is do I accept the premise that
warming is bad depends are you
sunbathing or are you a lobster
if your Lobster warming is very bad
because you just got boiled to death if
your tanning in the Sun well isn't a
good that it's warm I would hate to be
sunbathing on a cold day so warm is not
something that's good or bad warm as
some level is amazing warm as some level
will fry you to death so if we're asking
probably the I like to call out the
worst opinions on climate change the
worst opinions on climate change
probably the top one is that warming is
good that's probably the top dumbest
opinion about climate change because
some warming is of course bad now the
question is what would we get to that
level where of course is bad and to get
there would we pass through a level
where it's actually better you know in
order to get to the point where the
whole the whole let's say that the
climate and the ecosystem falls apart do
you only get there by going through a
period where hey it's really nice
weather because right now I could tell
you the weather in California where I
live in June has never been better in my
entire adult life that I've lived here
this is the best perfect weather
it's like 70s and 80s I mean it's
amazing
and maybe we pass through the warmer and
better before we get to warmer and
dad so I'm not saying that warmer and
all dead is going to happen I'm saying
that the question is not the right
question because some warming of course
is too bad some warming probably good
probably helps all right thanks for the
question you're welcome
all right let's go to I want to pick a
woman just to keep things fair here
all right Jill I can hear you
you notice that are you Jill okay that's
right Mike
my question was related to climate
change again it's can a country actually
be a wealthy country if they don't burn
fossil fuels or they don't consume
energy can the country be wealthy if
they don't use fossil fuels well there
may be a time when that's true I
well what about France its power with
nuclear at the moment they do burn a lot
of energy so there's well they're trying
to get away with it but 50 percent of
their electrical production is there the
highest country in the world in terms of
nuclear power
so suppose they went from 50 to a
hundred percent wouldn't you say that
there's a wouldn't you say that that's
that's the situation in which that's
true
I've recently ran a correlation was on
energy used through all the CIA Factbook
data and it turns out that the
correlation between fossil fuel use and
energy use is 98.7 percent which I
thought was really funny I ran that
through all the list of countries and it
turned out that they were all up there
if you're a wealthy country you have to
burn fossil fuels in terms of the
periscopes
I would say in our current world world
that's true in the world that we're
creating that will not be true because
it would be easy to imagine for example
let's take a small country you know I
don't know Monaco or
some some small country like let you
decide
where all they need is one or two
nuclear plants and they basically have
the cheapest electricity of any country
and I can imagine looks like we've got
some issues going on all right I fixed
that technical issue so I think we can
get to the point where yes you could you
could have a successful economy without
burning carbon if you had nuclear and if
you had green energy we're not there but
we could definitely get there all right
thank you
all right let's see if I I prefer oh we
got somebody running for Congress here
let's see if this works
James Rawdon office James caller can you
hear me okay and long clear yeah
yes I can are you running for Congress
yes I am sir
and where are you running for Congress
Adams we're currently in the 4-3 against
a Harley Ruda but I'm about to make a
big announcement first wicked lot i that
will probably be good news for you so
stand by okay
which kind of leads into my next
question could you give me your opinion
of Congressman and my opinion of Adams
chef well he's obviously a you know team
player you know the people who are team
players and it doesn't matter which side
you're off the team players can't be
taken seriously meaning that they're
there they're playing for the win
they're not playing for the country
they're not they're not trying to be
honest they're not trying to be straight
with the public so apparently he's he's
very effective because he's on TV all
the time
and he he pushed the you know the Russia
collusion hoax better than anybody so
he's he's certainly effective but it's
hard to respect him does that answer
your question
maybe we lost you all right let's take
another color about Angela Angela Angela
are you there a little bit lighter this
morning with your permission I would
love for you to do your best in
persuasion to get the president to live
tweet during the candidate debate next
week and if we can't get him and we get
you by pleading well the president has
already announced he's going to live
tweet the debates I thought that's a
done deal I did not think it was a done
deal I couldn't but it was one of those
floating the trial balloons oh well yeah
maybe but it's hard to imagine him
resisting isn't it yeah absolutely
because you know he's gonna be paying
attention to it and so I can't in a
million I mean it's impossible for me to
imagine he would resist the opportunity
to upstage them with his tweets because
his tweets we could be way better than
whatever the debate is so yeah I would
say that persuasion would be unnecessary
what was the second part of that
question well I was hoping that we could
also convince you to do the same oh sure
yes I will commit to you that unless I
have something going on socially that I
will do some live tweeting the
Democratic debates I'll commit commit to
that unless something comes up all right
that's fine just wanted to get us back
in the left zone a little bit all right
well I'll definitely help you there okay
I'm gonna call call it a day and we'll
talk to you tomorrow