markets looking up I like the look of
that how's Bitcoin doing
today bitcoin's a little bit down
nothing to worry
about but we got a show today oh my
goodness my goodness might change your
whole
life but
uh all we need for
that is you know what
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that you can't even understand
with your tiny shiny human brain all you
need is a cup or mug or a glass a tanker
chel or Stein a pting Jugger flask a
vessel of any
kind fill with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine end of
the day thing that makes absolutely
everything better it's called the
simultaneous HP and it happens now
go all systems coming
online well if you can't get enough of
me and I think that explains most of
you you might enjoy a podcast I did with
Paul Leslie you can find that on my feed
for yesterday I think um and what's
interesting about it is he asked better
questions than most people ask so when
you ask better questions you get better
answers and you might like it a lot so
it's Paul Leslie if you want to find it
on his um feed on X he goes by uh at the
Paul
lesli so it's just all one word the Paul
lesli l s l i
e hey there's a new study let's see if
uh let's let's see if you can figure
this out before I tell you how it
went there was a new study according to
Science Blog in which they tested to see
if People's Mental Health worsened if
they looked at negative feedback on
their digital
devices all right what do you think
people if people were forced to look at
a diet of
negative uh information on their phones
for example do you think it would help
or hurt their mental
health well you'll be surprised to learn
that
uh the marinating in bad news can
actually actually make you sad yes I
know it's true the the more exposure you
you have to negativity the sadder you
get um but weirdly the the worse the
news was the more likely somebody was
going to click it so we have this bad
habit where we pursue things that make
us feel bad such as bad news do you know
how you could have saved a little money
on that study that's right you could
have just asked Scott Scott does
exposure to negative thoughts make you
feel bad huh let me think about
this yes yes pretty sure it
does so I'm glad we handled that um I've
actually taking this to the next level
where do you have people in your life
who will bring up the most darkest
negative story of just some horrible
thing happened to somebody or something
you like
and do you ever just say stop stop and
they can't stop like they want to tell
you that you know somebody beloved was
had a railroad spike stuck through their
head it's like your favorite person and
you're just like stop stop and they go
oh no I was just going to tell you about
the no stop stop I know what you're
going to do and when you tell me that it
will only make me feel bad and there
will be no positive outcome from this
story so stop stop do not speak
again well but just the railroad spike
but no stop stop stop don't move your
mouth no no more sounds
stop and then the railroad spike went
through the
head for for some reason when somebody
wants to tell you bad news you can't
stop
them I don't know if you've had that
experience but it doesn't matter who it
is you just can't stop
them anyway
there's a there's a report that China
has developed a surgical cure for
Alzheimer's
now I don't believe anything about this
story now it came from a source I'm not
familiar with um so it doesn't come with
automatic credibility from any Source
but let me tell you what they say
they've done and you tell me if you
think this is likely to be true so so
apparently they've done 42 clinical
trials and everyone has been a success
and what they're doing is they're doing
some uh surgery on your neck
lymphatics now of course I understand uh
Medical Technology deeply so let me
explain to you as it was written down in
this
report um it's a deep cervical lymphatic
Venus anastomosis surgery and uh the way
they do that is uh uh what they do is uh
they use super microsurgery technology
to to sort of shunt the lymphatic
circulation in the men just and then
that that will accelerate the return of
the intracerebral lymph through the
jugular foren of the skull base and take
away some of the metabolic products in
the brain thereby achieving the goal of
possibly reversing the brain
degenerative lesions and slowing the
progress of the
disease now I know that you were
thinking that's exactly what it is so
that was probably just review for a lot
of you but
um do you really think that China
reversed um
Alzheimer's in 42 different trials in a
row and it's the first you're hearing
about
it this doesn't even sound a little bit
true does it i' love to think it's true
so for a recreational belief I'm going
to say sure sure why not
maybe I don't think so all right there's
a
here's the the one thing you could
guarantee about the age of robots is
that people would use robots for things
that you don't need robots for this is
the dumbest one of all time somebody
invented a uh robot that can play the
drums now you're going to say to
yourself I know but Scott there have
been things called drum machines for a
long time you know you could just
program them and then they make sound
and to which I say well but you know
this is better they've added AI to it so
it can make up its own beats now that's
pretty good imagine if if your AI
drummer could come up with Beats that
you wouldn't even think of that'd be
pretty good but you know what they did
they put this capability in a robot so
the robot has arms and and they're
trying to figure out how to make the
wrists to be as Snappy as human wrists
to which I
say you're just producing sound
right that's that's the end product of
the of the robot
drummer if it's just
sound can't you just directly produce
the sound do you really need a robot arm
to hit a hit a
drum there's no other way to produce
that sound like such as recording a
recording a drum
I don't know I do like having a robot to
play pingpong with me because at least I
can you know get some exercise and play
pingpong so if you know anybody who's
making one of those ping pong playing
robots I'm in the market as soon as I
can get
one well there's another study from the
University of Bristol about um if you
synchronize the movements of your robots
and your humans it builds
trust so they call it harmonizing so
trust between humans and robots is
improved when the movements let's say if
you're just walking down the
hallway uh if the robot kind of
synchronizes with the way you're walking
or the way you're
moving then your trust will be improved
in both directions now I don't know how
a robot develops trust but it works in
at least one direction now on one hand
it looks like an innocent little
unimportant story about how robots learn
to move the right
way however here's the part they don't
tell you and that's why I'm
here if a robot starts pacing and
leading meaning copying a human being
but then later it moves on its own and
you see if the human copies the movement
somewhat automatically without knowing
it that is one of the most powerful
methods of persuasion the world has ever
known at the moment it's something only
humans can do so if you're in a meeting
with your boss and your your boss does
this with his hands do that with your
hands if your boss does you this and
leans on the table do that and after
you've copied your boss for say 20
minutes while the boss is talking and
there's a meeting going on then see if
you can get the boss to follow you so
after you've copied the boss's arm
motions you do a new one put one hand up
let's say see how long it takes you for
your boss to get into that same position
you're going to be amazed how easily it
is to get people to change their
physical position without knowing that
you did it to them it's something we
practiced in hypnosis class and I didn't
believe it I I didn't believe that it
would work until the first time I did it
and I thought holy cow did I just make
somebody change their entire body
without them knowing it yes you could
reproduce it it's very easy to
reproduce but if you teach a robot how
to manipulate humans by matching their
uh movements and then that the next
stage would be matching their language
style so that's also a persuasion trick
so if somebody likes to talk in military
ways do you know anybody who likes to
use a lot of military terms like we're
going to take that hill and you know I I
jumped on that hand grenade and well
we'll live to fight again you know the
just continuous warlike things if you
Pace that and you adopt the same style
when you're talking to them they will
begin to trust you and you will begin to
have a persuasive effect on that person
it's pacing and
leading we probably don't want to teach
the robots to do it it's probably too
dangerous nobody's going to believe me
about this by the way like if you if you
were not you know steeped in Persuasion
as a you know a hobby or a job you
wouldn't really know how dangerous this
is but if these D if these robots stop
start cooping the way we talk and the
way we move they're going to have full
control over our
minds let me say that
again if a robot can learn to talk like
us in other words adopt the same
mannerisms that that we have
individually and also Move Like Us
literally copying the way we move it
will almost have full control over your
brain now I know you don't believe
that but it's coming and there's nothing
that can stop it because of course the
robots will learn this and be able to do
it of course they will and what would
stop it yeah you you would almost have
to do to legislate against it but since
the the field is still young you don't
want to you put a bunch of your
regulations there that would stop
everything so I think it's inevitable
robots going to be very
persuasive um according to new Atlas Ron
has this new technology where instead of
the military having fuel lines they
would hook up some kind of big uh
microwave power device and they could
shoot power to the soldiers and the
units from a distance without any
physical
interaction so in other words you you
you've got this device somewhere at the
back of your
Battlefield and all of your ebikes and
your robot dogs and your people who've
got any kind of GPS or any kind of
electronics they they go into the
battle but of course they'll run out of
energy at some point you know the
vehicles need to be recharged the the
devices need to be recharged and this
thing can do it just by turning on and
sending sending the signal out in all
ctions so it can actually
recharge the military
devices while they're being used from a
distance holy
cow that's pretty cool do you think
that's actually going to work I think
it's in the early stages of development
but they must they must have prototyped
it
already so that's interesting but I also
wonder if uh human soldiers are really
going to be the future CU why would you
ever set a human Soldier into a
battlefield in 10 years 10 years from
now why would you send a human at all
into the most dangerous thing because
the the drones are going to own the sky
and the robot dogs are going to own the
ground there isn't really a place for a
human in war unless they're on the
losing side I
guess anyway um do you may remember that
I did did a uh podcast look well I I'll
call it just a conversation with Naval
ravikant and I did that on multiple
platforms I did it on X and YouTube and
Rumble and locals now locals is
subscription site so that's limited
audience but uh Owen Gregorian was
looking at the numbers and noticed that
on X it has 1.1 million
views um I think closer to half a
million might have watched the whole
video um but on YouTube it has
62,000 so on X it was somewhere between
half a million and a little over a
million at the same time it it was all
live and it went to all the platforms at
the same time and YouTube only had
62,000 now I know what you're going to
say you're going to say well you know
maybe maybe less visibility or something
but but even on Rumble there was 76,000
views so tiny little
Rumble had way more views than all of
YouTube for this content and X had of
you know X goes to you know a million of
my followers right away so a lot of it
is just that I have a lot more followers
on X than I have anywhere else so that's
always going to be bigger but does that
look natural to you does it seem natural
to you that I could
Garner half a million to a a million
views and if you look at the
comments you know people are very very
up on it I mean they they just loved
it does it look does it sound to you as
if I'm being
suppressed I feel like it's super
obvious and that it's always been the
case so can't prove it because there is
one explanation that would be normal
which is I just have maybe I have a more
active audience X maybe it's just
that but I doubt it if if I had to guess
it looks like it's it's uh some kind of
suppression here's my favorite story of
the day but also the smallest story of
the day it involves nine
words and here's what's cool about it do
you know how we you know we've come to
love our billionaires and and also hate
them so it's almost like the billionaire
CL class has become like a a wrestling
show where you got George Soros who
plays the heel you know sometimes uh you
know Reed Hoffman plays the heel but
then you've got your good guys you know
your Elon musks and you got your you
know anyway I could go on but but you
know what I mean the the
billionaires the ones with personalities
and they like to be public Mark hbin for
example um they become a whole
entertainment field in themselves like
to me they replace celebrities I have
absolutely no interest in what beyon has
to say I don't like your music no
interest at all but if there's a good
billionaire fight oh I'm all in I love
to watch the billionaires do their
thing because for the most part they
didn't become billionaires by accident
you know there was something going on
with these special people but here's the
story so Elon Musk heard something at
maral Lago and he posted about it now as
you're going to hear in a moment uh what
he heard was not true right so what he
heard was and it's not true uh that he
said he was at maralago and that uh he
heard from somebody there that Jeff
Bezos was telling everyone that uh Trump
was going to lose the election for sure
so they should sell all their Tesla and
SpaceX stock
so that's why somebody told Elon Musk
moral
Lago
so Elon posts it and I appreciate the
transparency so that my my first uh
thing was oh so this is a thing that's
going around uh Elon heard it we didn't
hear it and now we posted so we've heard
it too so I like the fact that he posted
it and then Bezos weighs in and this
this is his entire response nope 100%
not
true one 2 3 four words four words nope
100% not
true uh musk
responds well then I stay Inc
corrected with a la a laughing emoji
five words now here's what I love about
this what are musk and bezos's
collectively most famous for besides
being
rich there are most efficient
billionaires right Amazon works because
Bezos is an expert on
efficiency I mean he he figured out how
to do everything the fastest best lowest
cost most effective
way so here and then musk of course is
the same he's he's like in you know he's
Doge he's the guy who took 80% of the
the people out of Twitter and it got
better right so you have the two most
famously efficient people in the world
and they had a problem one of them had
heard a story that wasn't true and said
it in public so how long did it take the
two most efficient billionaires to fix
this
problem nine
words nine words and done they'll never
talk about it
again it's done nine words now here's
why this is extra
special you could think of a lot of
billionaires who if they deny the story
you wouldn't believe them right like I
don't have to name names but you could
think of a lot of people right off the
top of your head like if they denied a
story you'd say to yourself H yeah but
did
they yeah of course you're denying it
but maybe you did but here's what I love
about this story so much that Jeff
Bezos somewhat quietly you know if you
can call it that compared to other
people I guess he he builds this you
know massively successful
operation and as far as I know I don't
think anybody's everever accused him of
lying I've never heard it so when I saw
that he said nope 100% not true I
immediately went to nope 100% not true
there was not even not even a micr of I
wonder if he's
lying wouldn't that be an amazing
superpower imagine having a superpower
where you can in four words completely
change a news story because of your own
credibility that's pretty damn rare and
I think musk recognized it too and just
said well well then I stand corrected
we're done here I love this story I I
love um when ordinary people make
ordinary mistakes so it was a mistake to
believe a rumor that wasn't true and
then just immediately correct it and
move on I I just love everything about
that credibility guess some all right
there's
more talk about this Oprah situation of
her taking the 2.5 million we hear at
first we heard it was 1 million but 2.5
million the production company took for
getting Oprah to do her thing um to
promote
Harris and uh haris said I took no
money but since we know the production
company took 2.5 million and it's her
production company people quite
reasonably say I think Stephen A Smith
said this that uh it looks like Oprah
might be
lying and maybe she took money but it
went through the production company so
she was basically lying about it
now connect this to the last thing I
talked about when Jeff Bezos says Nope
100% not true end of story end of
story
Oprah says 100% not true I didn't take
money it's the beginning of the
story apparently Oprah is not as
credible as Jeff Bezos because when
Oprah said it nobody believed it just
nobody believed
it h now what's the difference has Oprah
lied to
us now of course when Oprah had her show
she had you know she had people on who
promoted things that maybe didn't work
out but we don't know that Oprah knew
that right so it's not like she
lied but then we saw her you know doing
her political thing and you know backing
Harris and we thought huh that doesn't
look like you know just calling balls
and Strikes that looks like something a
little crazy a little I don't know
doesn't fit so Jeff basos gets basically
not involved in politics and then when
they ask him a question and he gives an
answer you go oh yeah that's true but
Oprah gets involved in a way that was
awkward
frankly and then when she talks people
go I'm not so sure I think you might be
lying but I'm going to give you some uh
recreational speculation on this
story so I don't know anything about the
details so this is just speculation and
it's just based on how the real world
works and it's based on the fact that in
the real world people can be kind of sh
shitty I don't know if you've
noticed but people could be kind of
shitty so here's what I think might have
happened and I think this strongly
enough that if I had to bet on it I
would actually place a bet on this it's
not 100% because it's just speculation
but I'd bet on it and here's the bet
that uh Oprah uh of course makes money
that flows through her production
company which is why people say you did
get paid you just did through your
production company you liar um but I
would further assume that the production
company does more than just handle
Oprah's
appearances because it's a production
company they probably do a wider variety
of things which means that whoever is in
charge of the production company
probably have their own Financial
incentives in other words they would be
judged by how how well they support
Oprah but they would also be judged by
their other lines of business within the
production domain and their salary
probably would depend on how well they
do outside of outside of pure Oprah um
business so now if that's true and I
don't know that that's true but it seems
like a normal thing you'd expect that
the production company has expanded to
handle other operations that's why
that'd be one good reason for having a
production company now if this
production company
was smart but kind of shitty and they
start negotiating with the Harris
campaign what's the first thing the
production company's going to figure out
they're going to figure out they're
dealing with
amateurs they're not dealing with really
good negotiators and they're not dealing
with business people they're dealing
with youngish often camp people who just
so excited that Oprah might consider
coming so they say what what's it going
to cost to get Oprah here and the
production company said well you know
it's a big operation we got to you know
when Oprah travels it's really expensive
but we think we can do this for 2.5
million and then you could imagine the
Harris campaign saying all right all
right that's worth it because 2.5
million to get Oprah
that would be a market price because the
the other performers you know were in
that low million doll range too so you
could
imagine that and I'm speaking as the
creator of the Dilbert cartoon you could
imagine that the production company knew
that Oprah wasn't going to take money
for it so they got to keep anything that
they could negotiate so they would sort
of leave the leave the
impression that the 2. 5 million since
it was going to Oprah's production
company was sort of Oprah's money you
know minus the
expenses but if the production company
didn't say that directly and they just
said this is what it's going to cost to
get Oprah here we can put it in writing
Oprah will be here we'll do the
production you'll pay us 2.5 million
well it could be that the Harris
campaign didn't really care who was
getting the money they just knew it
would cost 2.5 million to get Oprah so
here's what I think I think there was a
weasel at the production company who
knew that if they thought they were
getting uh Oprah who may have said I'll
do it for
free um they may have just sort of left
that impression that they were paying
for Oprah when really the production
company was just boosting their own
bottom line some of which would go to
Oprah but maybe it was more about the
production company itself and their own
their own own objectives so here's what
to look for see if Oprah fires the head
of her production
company it's probably somebody she's
worked with forever so you wouldn't fire
them even if they did this
but I wouldn't be
surprised to learn that Oprah was not
totally filled in on what the production
company asked for or what they paid them
or what they
said maybe because she just wouldn't be
interested her part was was do you want
to show up do you want to support Harris
yes that's all she needed to know and
the production company handled the rest
so if I'm wrong about all that and by
the way what I'm describing would be
sort of a normal way the world works it
wouldn't be an abnormal way the most
normal way it would work is the
production company would say oh we've
got a live one here I think we can take
them for 2.5 million and it'll only cost
us a million to do the expenses
um otherwise Stephen A Smith is right
and Oprah has some explaining to do but
I'm I'm still going to give her the
benefit of the doubt that there's
somebody else in this operation that
maybe has some explaining to do
meanwhile the New York Times says open
AI who they're suing for using using the
New York Times uh content to train their
Ai and the New York Times says you can't
do that that's are intellectual property
you can't train your AI on it and then
suddenly it has all the all the
learnings of the New York
Times um so part of the lawsuit required
some uh files to be turned over by open
AI to the New York Times and uh you'll
never guess what
happened so the case relies on some
files and opena had the had the
files uh they were asked for these files
through a legal process can you take a
wild guess what happened to the files
anybody have any of you been alive for
the last five years what do you think
happened to the
files there was a there was a glitch oh
damn it we sure meant to give you these
files but there's some kind of
glitch they got corrupted or deleted or
something huh so I guess these files
aren't going to be useful but darn we
sure wanted to give them to you I mean
we tried so hard but we wish we could
have but the glitch the glitch got
us now here's my question how many times
in the last five years has somebody who
is a you know some public figure or
important
entity uh managed to skate through a
legal process by claiming that they lost
or a file was
damaged it turns out that seems to work
every time why would anybody ever turn
over a digital Source if they thought
they could just destroy
it
yeah um dingdong the glitch is dead
that's funny all right well I don't
believe anybody who has a glitch and a
file disappears but maybe you know since
it's
it's within the range of things that
could happen in a real world however
unlikely um it looks like it works as a
legal strategy it makes me wonder if
there are lawyers whoever suggests the
client does that you know like well um
as your lawyer um I must I must inform
you that you should not destroy any
files as your lawyer do not I'm going to
put it in writing do not destroy any
files but also as your
lawyer just as background context
everybody who does destroy their files
and claims it's an accident seems to get
away with it but as your lawyer I advise
you not to do it don't do that thing
that everybody gets away with no no
don't do it so I suppose that
conversation's happening a little bit
somewhere
meanwhile according to slay news the
Daniel Penny trial took an interesting
turn with a forensic pathologist Dr Sati
shundre who got in the winess stand and
said the chold did not cause the
death um he he's a former Miami area
medical examiner so he knows what he's
talking about and he said uh he did not
believe the air choke he calls it an air
choke as opposed to some people say this
a thing called a blood
choke uh which would be more severe U
but he called it an air joke and he said
uh that the cause of death probably has
something to do with h the effects of
sickle cell crisis so I guess he had a
bad case of sickle cell anemia
schizophrenia I don't know how that
kills you physically uh the struggle and
restraint and the synthetic marijuana so
he had he had something that wasn't
marijuana there's there's some synthetic
thing that's way worse I'd never heard
of it actually um and he said someone
schizophrenic high on K2 that's the
synthetic marijuana thing K2 and
involved in struggle can die without a
choke hold being involved at
all and then he said and I think this is
sort of the the the kill shot he said
what's also important is unconsciousness
always precedes death in a choke
hold so in other words when they showed
up he was
conscious and then he
died he was no longer being choked and
he was
conscious and then he
died and I I if I interpret this right I
think the uh the uh forensic pathologist
is saying that if the guy stopped
choking him and he was conscious then
whatever killed him wasn't the
choke is that true well I'm no forensic
pathologist but I'll tell you if I were
on the
jury and I heard one pathologist say oh
I'm pretty sure he killed him with that
joke and then another one who's equally
qualified said no nobody dies from you
know being being conscious after the
choke that's not a real thing and he had
real other reasons he would have died
that would be somewhat ordinary now that
is clearly enough uh
doubt that there shouldn't be any way he
could be convicted because you don't
need a lot of reasonable doubt you just
need some Reasonable Doubt this is way
more than Reasonable Doubt right if you
if you're going to say like you know
what does a what does a bucket of
Reasonable Doubt look like it would look
like this one of my favorite Court
stories is about the lawyer who was
trying to defend his client with
reasonable doubt he didn't have a strong
case
but he wanted to make the jury think
that Reasonable Doubt was a little
stronger than maybe it is and so here's
what the lawyer did you know he he said
in his closing statements you know not
only is my client completely Innocent
but the real killer is walking through
that door right now and said he's going
to walk through that door right now and
he turns he points toward the door
everybody in everybody in the jury box
turns toward the door all the witnesses
turn toward the door the judge looks
toward the
door and then nothing
happens the door does not open and
there's this awkward
silence and then the then the defense
attorney turns back to the jury who are
still looking at the
door and now they look back at the
lawyer little time has passed and the
lawyer says that is Reasonable Doubt
because they they had enough they had
enough belief that there was another
explanation for the crime that every one
of them looked at the door and waited
for the real criminal to walk
in now that's a little bit too clever
and I don't think that would actually
win you a case was it Jerry
Spence I was wondering that I wonder if
it was Jerry Spence or did he just tell
the
story he may have told the story but I
don't know if it was him could have been
could have been Jerry
Spence but uh now that's that's trying
to sell Reasonable Doubt you know if
there's just a trace of it in the real
world you need a little bit more than
somebody's walking through the door it
might have it might have won that trial
but you know generally speaking you need
more than that but if you've got an
expert who says nope I'm quite sure this
person could have died of other causes
that really needs to be the end of it so
here's what I'm worried about what
happens if it goes the other
way cuz I feel
like I think the men in America are kind
of done with this and the white men in
America are very done with it I don't
know what would happen like I'm not
predicting
violence but if Daniel peny gets
convicted after this expert says
this we're going to have a lot of
questions
and I don't think it's going to be
business as usual here's what I don't
think I don't think the process just you
know processes them puts them in jail I
assume there'd be some appeal process
but I feel like there's a point where
the public just has to take
over and I think the public has to make
it clear that we're watching this
thing and ultim Ely the public does have
all the power because there are enough
of us and if we're mad enough whoever it
is we're mad at is going to have a
really bad day one way or another you
know again I'm not recommending violence
so I really think we need to keep an eye
on this one we can't let this one get
away we
we men mostly we got to protect
them and I and I feel like a personal
responsibility to do that it feels
personal to me very personal because
Daniel Penny I don't know him of course
but he's
everybody he he is every guy he's every
guy so I don't really feel him as
different from me like when I watch
Daniel penny I'm not watching some
stranger even though I don't know him
I've never heard him talk I'm watching
me so if you don't think I'm going to
have a problem with him being convicted
if that's the way it goes well you're
wrong and there will be
consequences I don't know what they will
be but let me just say
this to any part of the world that is
looking to put this guy
away you better be really
careful because this one's not free
you know what I mean this is not free
and you don't know what the price is yet
and we're not going to tell you you
could have to find out but this
one's not free so let's hope for the
best golden age is here I think he's
going to get free but if he's not it's
going to be
expensive one way or another it's going
to get real
expensive well the big story of the day
Mt Gates bowed out in his bid to be
attorney general and Trump cleverly
already filled that uh news that news
cycle by putting uh putting up Pam Bondi
who was attorney general in in Florida
and as a close Confidant and uh super
loyal highly
qualified um almost everybody says she
has a better choice than Matt Gates
simply because she doesn't have the
baggage but she has even more skill more
more experience more direct experience
and that kind of job so I'm very happy
with this but uh here's the other thing
did we just learn that Trump is not a
dictator I think we did
right can can we stop talking about that
then here's what I saw now my take on
Trump has always been he's the opposite
of a dictator he's actually more tuned
into the the opinions of the public and
other politicians than anybody I've ever
seen so here uh here it didn't look like
it was going to work he tried he would
have pushed it if uh if Matt Gates had
have wanted him to he would have pushed
it which I appreciate just from the
Loyalty perspective he returned the
Loyalty but Matt Gates did a solid um at
least that's my interpretation of it and
when he talked to all the politicians
who had to vote for him he realized he
couldn't get it and he probably didn't
want to do the recess appointment thing
and just caus a bunch of provocation and
so he decided to uh back
out
now so what we get
is so so here's the the outcome number
one um Gates sucked all of the energy in
the news cycle toward him for several
days so that the other nominees didn't
get nearly as much scrutiny
that was probably useful but I don't
think it was a plan it would just it
worked out that
way we found out that Trump can't do
anything he wants and he will respond in
a reasonable way when he reaches a you
know an obstacle that doesn't make sense
to try to break it down
so that's a huge win for trump it won't
be in the news the news will just ignore
the fact that we've now proven Beyond
shadow of a doubt that Trump does not
have dictator powers and it doesn't look
like he's trying to it looks like he was
trying to respond to the public because
even the Republicans were saying you
know not your best play you know we we
see why you're doing it we do want to
attack dog in that job but but maybe
maybe not your best
play and Trump listens to the people
takes Matt Gates's recommendation which
was also listening to the people and the
politicians and we get what do we get we
get a better
candidate we get um we get some you know
diversity that I think was useful you
know woman in the job that's
useful um he gets the same amount of
loyalty higher level of experience
probably will sail through the
confirmation
and and Matt Gates still has other
opportunities now we don't know what
he's going to do some say he's going to
run for a governor I don't think so some
say that uh he might try to get
appointed to Senator I don't think so
some say that he could just retake the
seat he resigned from because he
technically resigned from his current
seat but he's been elected for a future
seat and I heard this on social media I
think it's true that he could just
pretend like he didn't quit you know do
a George castanza and just go to
work now he might have to go to work
after the second you know the next term
so be you'd have a few weeks off for
Christmas but it would be hilarious if
he just George castanes this situation
and he just goes to work after everybody
thought he
quit I don't know if that's
legal but if he got elected and he
didn't resign from the upcoming
term at least on social media people are
saying he can do it I don't think he
will because it would put him right back
in that um place where the ethics report
could come
out
so I think he's not going to go back
into government right away he might
later but um here's what I think would
be his perfect situation
the thing that Trump needs more than he
needs you know one more loyal so Soldier
doing a thing is another big media
entity that supports them because you
saw you know um you know all the me all
the media entities are under some kind
of fire from the left so if Matt Gates
decided to take his existing podcast and
just beef it up and get more interes in
guests and Go full Alex Jones and you
know really make it like a
sort of a a foundational thing that
conservatives listen
to he has all of those
skills I'm looking at a message going
by yeah so Gates has all of those
podcasting skills with the you know the
behind the curtain knowledge with all
the contacts with the ability to invite
anybody on the show name recognition
It's Kind of
Perfect so I've got a feeling he might
go into the media that would be where he
would have the most impact and make the
most money Etc but there's one other
possibility I'll just put this out there
um he's married to the sister of uh
Palmer lucky who's uh the creator of
uh
anduril is that the name of it it's a
defense company it's a new one and they
do kind of newer cooler high-tech
defense stuff like drones that can do
things and uh and other things now
suppose that Palmer lucky wanted an
executive to put in the company to help
it go
public well that would be good for his
sister because his sister would be
married to somebody who would get
massive stock options and become a
billionaire with in 3
years maybe I mean if if because the
company looks like it's ragingly
successful and I think it's still
private as far as I know so they would
presumably be looking at a way to go
public and cash out
and maybe he could be the some some
officer in that
company so there there's so many things
that he could do that it's hard to to
you know I don't think any of us are
going to guess what's happening so I'm
going to I'm going to say this I don't
think we'll ever know what the real
story was I don't think I mean it could
be as simple as just exactly what he
said he wanted it Trump wanted it there
were about four or five Senators who
said no he knew he couldn't change the
mind didn't want to do the recess
appointment he just
pivoted but the weird thing about this
is that everybody
wins isn't that weird when is when is
the last time you saw a story where
everybody wins we we get a better
attorney general one that's less
controversy Matt Gates will be turned
loose to do something that's probably
something he's better
at Trump still wins because he gets what
he wants I don't know just seems like
everything worked out
there uh but MSNBC is saying that uh
Bondi is worse because she's competent
so MSNBC went from he's the worst choice
in the world to okay she's worse because
she's
good
okay
um the uh Republicans who allegedly were
not going to support Gates were John
Curtis Utah Susan Collins of Maine Lisa
marowski Alaska and Mitch McConnell
Kentucky Mitch
[Music]
McConnell
anyway Bill Riley had some interesting
things to say on news Nation with Cuomo
about uh msnbc's fate um so it looks
like a Comcast who owns both NBC News
and C CNBC and MSNBC it looks like they
might be looking to spinoff MSNBC and
CNBC and that makes sense because
msnbc's audience took a big hit he'll
probably come back after Trump gets in
office because he'll have something to
yell about
but it doesn't look like it's a good
business so they're going to spin it off
and what Bill O'Reilly said made a lot
of sense to me that MSNBC takes
advantage of NBC's news business so that
they can add The credibility of the real
news to their opinion pieces but if you
if you separate them they are no longer
connected to any real news collecting
entity and it would be massively
expensive to create one from nothing the
MSNBC doesn't have anything to
sell because all they have are these
amazingly overpaid um pundits but they
wouldn't be a news organization it would
just be a bunch of opinions because
they'd lose the news now I don't know if
that's real but it's the first it's the
first take I've heard on that that's you
know interesting and
uh O'Reilly thinks that ABC will have to
dump The View for the same reason now o
Al's take is that msnbc's big problem is
that it was nothing but hate and that
the view has a similar problem that
there's spewing
hate audiences don't like hate
apparently hate doesn't sell as much as
you wanted to and I think Bill o're is
pretty close on this at least it's an
interesting speculation that MSNBC
doesn't have any value outside of
outside of NBC News
apparently Rachel madow has renegotiated
her
outrageous $30 million a year pay for
being on the air only one night a week
so obviously you can't go on forever
getting 30 million a year if you're only
on one one night a week so she had to
lower her
pay to 25 million a
year one day a
week um I've got a
suggestion I'm not a huge fan of Rachel
madow her politics but I will note that
you can't take away from her that she's
unusually
smart right she's you know just if you
hook her up to an IQ test she's going to
beat me really
smart but now we learn she might be the
best negotiator you've ever heard of in
your life who in the world can negotiate
$25 million a year for one show a
week that's really good when your
network is
failing how do you do that so they're
trying to sell this network and it's got
this big expense that couldn't possibly
make
sense but she must be one good
negotiator there's an MSNBC headline
that will remind you
why they're full of hate and they're
they're losing uh it was an opinion
piece but the uh the headline was lakan
Riley's killer never stood a
chance for all the political controversy
surrounding Jose abara the outcome of
this trial was never in
doubt does it sound a little bit like
MSNBC who was glad glad the migrant
killed the American citizen like what is
wrong with
them his killer never stood a chance
that the MSNBC is worried about the
killer getting a fair trial there was so
much evidence of his
guilt it wasn't like a close call was
it poor
MSNBC um I saw NPR says most of the
country shifted right in the 2024
election did we did the country shift
right I'm not sure that's what happened
here's what I think happened I think the
right kind of stayed the same you know
in other words policies and stuff didn't
change much and the left became batshit
crazy when batsh crazy clearly stopped
working it worked in 2020 but when it
stopped
working they they started becoming more
common
sensible is that a word common sensible
common sensical pick one but I think all
they did was stop being crazy and start
being a little bit more normal and and
that looked like a moveed to the right
uh I heard somebody else say on social
media that uh nobody moved to the right
they just didn't have a rigged election
this time so it looks like
it I I don't I don't buy that um you
know whether or not there was rigging I
don't I don't buy that explanation um I
think
that I think that the left
had enough people in it that understood
that the left had just gone crazy it was
just bat Bonkers stuff and they
just said we've had enough of this we're
we're going to give the other side a
chance because the other side is at
least trying to sell common sense you
could disagree with
it but Republicans are trying to sell
common sense
now this connects me to a topic I've
mentioned before as you know uh I've
been at least listed as a Democrat most
of my life and for my early years you
know say my 20s or so um I was pretty
sure that the Democrats were the Smart
Ones and the Republicans were were sort
of had a a
religious base that wasn't translating
into policy so well so that that seemed
like a little disconnect to me because I
wasn't religious so I didn't I didn't
see that religion should be playing so
much of a part in this decisions but the
Republican party has evolved into more
of a common sense you know we love our
religion but we'll keep that separate
you know for our policy we'll we'll just
do what makes
sense now obviously Republican policy is
still well informed by religion but it's
not the leading voice right it seems
like what when I was in my
20s they'd start with the religious
part and then tell you why they had the
policy
right and then that would that would
turn me off because I'd say hey what if
people have a different religion you
know don't start with
that now look at how Trump handles
abortion he doesn't start with the
religion he he starts with a process he
says well having the states decide is a
better
process there you go now that's my
common sense common sense says put the
decision where it's best to make the
decision and then it's easier to defend
no matter what happens because at least
it was made in the right way so watching
Trump turn the religious first people
into a still religious doesn't change
their belief but he's found a way to put
process ahead of it and the process does
all the work you don't need to appeal to
the god the Bible because the process
does what you know what it's supposed to
do so I think that made it safe for
people like me who were uncomfortable
with the religion first but like
religion I'm very Pro religion for other
people if you have one keep it I like it
I like you to have
one just doesn't work for me which by
the way is a fault it if I could if I
could get the benefits of religion and I
I had way to believe I would do it
because it's pretty obvious that the
religious people have some
advantages anyway um here's some new
news uh we keep talking about Mike
Rogers as being one of the possibilities
for the head of the
FBI and all the smart people were saying
my God my God no that would be a huge
mistake no no Mike Rogers according to
people who know more than I do was part
of the industrial censorship thing and
he he was pushing the Russia collusion
hoax and did some other things that
Republicans think is not too compatible
with the Trump
movement but it turns out it was all
fake
news so Trump just messaged that he's
never even considered Mike Rogers even
thought about it
once and he's definitely not going to be
the head of the
FBI now remember how I said when Jeff
Bezos says four words you just say oh
that's true like you never even not for
a second do you doubt doubt his veracity
but when Trump says it you know Trump
has a little bit more of a history of
Hyperbole and you know bending the
bending the fact check a little bit so
when he says I never once you even
considered Mike
Rogers you have to
wonder is that exactly true
or maybe his name came up at a
dinner and Trump maybe you know didn't
respond to it one way or another and
then somebody left the dinner saying oh
Mike Rogers name is on the table so you
you could easily imagine that the rumor
would start without Trump starting it
just by Trump not maybe not responding
to that suggestion or something but he's
saying very clearly it's not going to
happen now why did Trump say it's not
going to be Mike Rogers because normally
you only announce who it's going to be
isn't that uncommon sort of uncommon
right to announce who it's
not that did that happen before Trump do
other politicians announce who it's
not that was weird but here's the other
thing do you know why Trump said it's
not Mike Rogers because Trump tapped
into his base
listened to what they were saying heard
there was all this you know uh don't
pick Mike
Rogers uh chatter going on and realized
that he needed to tell us that that was
off the table now whether it was always
off the table or he just saw the chatter
and said oh let me take this off the
table now I don't really care you know
because it gets us to the same place but
once again it's another example of trump
being absolutely tapped in and
responding to reasonable criticisms
about the direction that people think
he's going I love that I mean there
there are so many positive things
happening in in the government in the
country it's it's it's kind of
incredible like the the optimism people
are feeling Etc but when I see even
these little Corrections you know like
the Bezos musk thing that to me that's
just a perfect moment in human behavior
when I see Trump listen to the public
and say oh you're having a problem with
this Mike Rogers things so let me fix
that that's
perfect I I'm not asking for anybody to
be right about everything in the first
draft not even the second draft but if
you if you respond to the situation and
you respond in a common sense way and
you show respect your base and you're
listening to what they're saying and you
hear what they're saying that's kind of
perfect
I'm not I'm not looking for no no
mistakes that's not my standard mistakes
are ordinary I'm looking for do you have
a system that can quickly identify and
correct a mistake yes Trump has a system
he listens he pays attention and here's
the important part he knows which part
of his base are
credible so if you've got a Glenn
Greenwald and you've got a you know um
Mike Ben and half a dozen other people I
think uh Mike cernovich if if you got
those kind of people on the same side
and and they're making a big deal about
it it's not a small point it's a big
point and then the boss says okay I hear
you that's exactly what I want like
that's the country I want to live in I
want to know that Ordinary People can
influence um the influencers it happens
to me all the time or you know people
who are not famous make a good point and
I say oh that's a good point and then I
say it out loud and some other
influencer hears it and repeats
it all right um here's the F my favorite
thing about the Doge thing where uh Elon
Musk and VI ramaswami are going to try
to cut the the the fat out of the
government and reduce our costs um we're
going to we're going to watch two of the
the smartest most effective operators
that we've ever seen V and Elon and
we're going to watch them
attack an impossible
problem because I literally can't think
of any way you could do this I can't
think of any way they could succeed
because the big things to cut are the
the sacred
cows so when we watch their strategy as
they approach this you're going to see
the smartest people in the world do the
smartest things against the most
impossible task how fun is
that like I wouldn't even know how to
bet on this thing because on one hand
it's definitely an impossible task on
the other hand it's V and
Elon how do you bet on
that I mean seriously how could you
place a bet on that they could actually
get this
done I don't know how but that's the fun
part the fun part is I don't know how
this is possible but they might now I
don't think they have it
solved I I think they're still you know
walking around the car and kicking the
tires and finding out what works they're
putting up some test balloons you know
some statements a little bit of a you
know article in the I don't know Wall
Street Journal someplace and then people
react to it so one of the things they're
doing is they're they're uh going to do
a Blog where they're fully
transparent now what would make you
comfortable with two unelected people
and not even nominated they're not
elected and they're not nominated but
having this massive control over the the
country the world and and
you how would you feel comfortable with
that only one way full
transparency so that's what they're
giving us
they're telling you how they're doing it
they're modeling it in in advance
they're telling you what they're
thinking they're telling you they're
early thinking which might
change and one of their early thinkings
is that uh if they simply make the
government go into the office instead of
work from home there would be a huge
number of people who just resign because
they don't want to commute to which they
would say good that's part of the job
done um then their next play and again
this is stuff that smart people come up
with that I don't know if I would have
um they say that there are a lot of the
uh red tape and uh let's say rules and
regulations that the government has that
were not passed by Congress they're not
in executive order it's just these
entities are coming up with their own
rules and if you simply get rid of all
the rules you don't need that are more
problem than than they are solution then
all the people who work on those rules
don't need to be employed because there
must be a massive number of people who
make sure that the rules are being
followed so instead you just say we
don't need all these
rules get rid of them and then you can
get rid of the staff that enforced the
rules and made the
rules but if you add all those things
together um that might be 1% of what
they want to get
done but they're leading with that why
would they lead with
that because it's common sense because
they're thinking about it they're being
transparent and it is something that
looks like it would work the most
important thing they have to do is make
something work early could be small but
has to work so if the first thing they
did was say all right here's a batch of
rules that we think we can get just get
rid of them and here's the team of
people that's going to leave as soon as
those rules leave
boom look at us two weeks in and we just
got rid of 300 administrators who
weren't weren't
useful so what you see early you should
interpret as the new CEO move meaning
that the by far the most important
thing um I'm seeing something about Mike
Rogers
here yeah it's Dan scavino who who said
that uh Trump was not considering uh
Mike Rogers so it didn't come from Trump
directly it went through Dan scavino but
you can you can trust scavino on
that
um if you didn't
know Dan scavino is like one of the
longest
closest Trump um supporters so if
scavino says that Trump said something
or didn't say something you can take
that to the bank you don't have to ask
any more questions yeah he he's
100% so anyway the the hard part as you
all know is that you can't touch the
Medicare and Social Security and it's
going to be tough tough to touch the
military although interestingly Jen uh
weager uh offered to Elon to help him
cut the defense budget because he said
hey Democrats have wanted to cut the
defense budget forever why can't I help
then immediately Jen was uh was piled on
by democrats saying what the hell are
you doing helping these Republicans and
Jen quite reasonably said um why can't
we do the thing we all agree
on what what exactly is the reason I
should not be putting my time and energy
and reputation into the thing I've most
wanted to do for years which is get rid
of unnecessary defense
spending and elon's reaction was um he's
open to suest
SS now I don't I don't think that Jen
was offering to join the committee
exactly or join do Doge but he might
have some
ideas and mus says
sure we like
ideas so we'll see if that goes
anywhere so here's what I'm most
interested in I do think that VI and
musk they have to have some idea of what
to do about the big Untouchable parts of
the
budget otherwise they wouldn't even try
because if they thought the best they
could do is take you know $200 billion
do out of the the small part of the
budget that doesn't get you anywhere
close I mean you got to make you got to
take two trillion out of your Six
Trillion to get down to balanced budget
and two trillion is not even close to
what you can get from people quitting on
their own because they don't want to
commute Plus we got rid of some
regulations so we don't need this
department not even close and a lot of
things that would be
eliminated doesn't mean that the funding
is
eliminated for example if they take the
Department of Education and they say
let's blow this up and give it to the
states the states would probably get
most of that money except for the
administrative
part so I don't really see a path how
any of this can
work and I would still bet that they can
get it
done because they're you know both of
them operate at a level I can't quite
get to and both of them seem to have
optimism that they can make something
happen so what would they do with health
care and well let's just pick one um not
not well was it welfare or was it Social
Security so Social Security and
Healthcare do you think now and keep in
mind that uh V you know knows the the
medical world better than most people so
do you think that they could come up
with something that would radically
change what those things are so that the
cost of them comes down and yet the
public is still
served I think
so I don't know what it would be but
like I can sort of smell it before I see
it I feel like there's a way to do it
for example
let's say um let's say they promoted I'm
just going to brainstorm for a minute so
don't take any of this too seriously
suppose they said um AI is so close to
being your doctor that if you want
lowcost Health Care um we'll make sure
that that Health Care AI sector gets
really
turbocharged so that there's basically a
government doctor and everybody has
instant access so if you got a
smartphone you got a doctor it's free
then what about medicines do you think
they could figure out a way to bring
down the cost of meds well here's the
interesting thing that's what Mark
Cuban's business is trying to do so Mark
Cubans had some success with specific
drugs but it looks like that could
increase and he has lowered the cost of
some Mets now I think that V and musk
along with Trump could negotiate with
the uh the met the big Pharma to spread
some of that cost to other countries
because right now the US you know pays a
premium for the drugs other poor
countries get them for low cost because
America's paying for all the overhead
and development effectively we're
subsidizing so what if they figured out
a way to stop subsidizing or just make
it illegal make it illegal to sell it
for more in the United States than other
places and that would move this subsidy
to the other places
how much would that
save a few hundred
billion it could be a pretty big deal so
so then what would be missing let's say
if your drug costs come down through
better negotiating and your cost of
talking to an expert whether it's a
doctor or a specialist drops to zero
because that's possible the cost of talk
to a doctor could be completely replaced
by AI
then what you have is the physical
manipulation part where if somebody has
to put something on you you know like
put a bandage on you or set your bone or
something um you still need to do
that but I'll bet there's a way to make
that more competitive as well so so I
think it's going to have to be an entire
re-engineering and restructuring of what
healthc care looks like maybe with AI
and then if you're looking at Social
Security
um I'll bet I'll bet there's a way to
make sure that people are doing
something useful for their money without
being on Social
Security suppose you
said you could trade away your Social
Security but there's this other thing
you can get how many people would say oh
I don't need my Social Security I did
well in life but I like this other thing
that you're offering so I'll I'll take
this other
suppose he said that if you voluntarily
give up your Social Security forever
because you're rich uh that you'll be
first in line for a trip to
Mars that's the bad idea so that's
that's an example of the bad suggestion
that might make you think of a better
one like what what could you trade for
people to give up their social security
it's
possible well speaking of Doge China
apparently has an even bigger problem
with red tape because a ton of the
Chinese workers are involved in creating
and maintaining red tape and Reporting
things so I guess if you're in China
business uh a whole bunch of your life
is just doing reports on what's
happening in your your job so even
president XI wants the country to learn
how to not be that way
because they also have you know huge
overhead so um here's what they say that
they spend too much energy pretending
they're implementing policy this is
according to one expert named Lee uh
centralization is good for political
decisions however for economics you do
need a certain kind of
chaos so
they their uh commercial stuff in China
is so over regulated I guess you say
that it's like a big wet blanket on it
so as I've said before the Doge thing is
not just about fixing our debt if we can
figure out how to have a more efficient
smarter government system one that makes
sense in in the current times that is a
gigantic gigantic military and economic
benefit so watching musk who of course
would be expert in the entrepreneurial
Arts realized that the biggest obstacle
is the government and then he's the one
who's you know right in the middle of
trying to fix it so it works for um
Commerce do you think China can match
that let's say they pull it off let's
say V and Elon pull it off and they
really modernize our government in a way
that's still compatible with the
constitution in fact maybe more
compatible with it um and and still gets
everything done but we can do things
quickly such as approve a nuclear power
plant just to pick one
example how much would the United States
be different if we had an efficient way
to say yes to a nuclear power
project well we're getting closer to
that the government is working in that
direction but if if we could really just
kill that you know just slay that
opportunity so to speak that'd be huge
so I think I think the fate of the
United States really depends on Doge and
I don't think there's another country
that can match us because there is one
thing we
have that other countries don't
have we've got a
dictator yeah the dictator
Trump has basically decided to
voluntarily share power with an
unelected person who simply got the best
ideas now two of them you know vake as
well so remember I always told you that
the person with the best ideas always in
charge and you probably thought that's a
small idea and then oh maybe that works
in that one meeting you were in Scott
but that's like not generally true oh
it's true the person with the best idea
is always in charge so Elon comes in
with the best idea which is how about
you take the smartest most badass
entrepreneur working with other smartass
smartest badass entrepreneurs and we try
to fix our most critical problem in the
in the
government what's Trump going to say to
that no that's a bad idea no it's a
great idea it's like the greatest idea
I've seen like maybe ever it's such a
great idea it's almost you can't even
hold it in your mind it's such a great
idea and so Trump says
yes if he were a dictator he would not
be sharing power
that's just not how that works now he's
of course confident enough Trump is that
he's still he's still the president so
he gets what he wants but if musk and um
ramaswami come up with an idea that's
just so good that the public says oh
yeah that's just a good idea Trump's
gonna say yes because the best idea
always wins and they're going to be
coming they're going to be coming with
ideas
all right couple of things how to fix
the Democrats the Democrats are trying
to figure out how to recover um I have
the following comments about that number
one uh identity politics is a permanent
death I don't think there's a path to
recovery where I think the Democrats are
thinking okay you know it's it's sort of
business as usual we just have to do a
little better you know better messaging
you know may maybe organize our campaign
a little
differently it's not that it's the
identity stuff the identity stuff is
what made everything crazy it's what
it's what you know made Democrats walk
away if they don't get rid of the
identity politics they don't have any
way to recover but here's the trick if
they do get rid of the identity politics
then they're just
Republicans and they don't have any
reason to exist so you can't keep the
identity politics
but you also can't get rid of it because
it would just destroy them for years the
Republicans never entered the identity
politics so they have no burden to get
rid of it or change anything in that
regard they're completely unburdened by
it um but there's no way to fix it so
the the Democrats painted themselves in
a corner that literally doesn't have a
way out I don't think there is
now let me suggest um
one hail marry way that they could get
out of
it I think that the media runs the
Democrats more than the other way
around and if the media decided only to
tell stories that were true and useful
and common
sense that it would force Democrats to
be it useful and common sense because
the media would say here's a great idea
and here's a terrible idea what are the
Democrats going to say if it's their own
media right if CNN says oh this new idea
is just a terrible idea and then you're
you're Democrat and you turn on the TV
you're like oh shoot CNN thinks this is
a terrible idea what does MSNBC say oh
God they hate it
too the media runs the the politics so
if the media somehow and I don't see a
way this could happen but if the media
started to become a
legitimate um contributor to the country
instead of whatever they are um they
could actually change the whole Democrat
machine they and and in fact the media
could get them out of their identity
politics whole just by the way they
frame things and just deemphasize it Etc
don't do continuous trans stories all
day long that's the media right it
wasn't it wasn't the Democrat um
politicians who kept saying can we talk
about trans some more
it wasn't them it was the media so if
the media fixes itself the media that
supports the
Democrats then that could cause the
Democrats to make the adjustments which
might make them more mainstream which
would make them competitive but how's
the media going to
change I don't see how that's going to
happen unless MSNBC just goes away and
the others say we'd better better shape
up um but the the other possibility is
that they get a new charismatic
Democratic leader and people are voting
for the person not the policies totally
po you know so if you got another you
know once once in a generation kind of
leader you know maybe
another um another Obama
type uh maybe but if they don't get an
Obama type and they don't um get their
media to fix the media's own problems
there is no way to come back they they
seem to be in a permanent
Exile so the Democrats are coming up
with some new fake fears because this is
a this is some more evidence of how the
media can't fix itself so the media on
the left they don't have enough to
complain about from Trump so they're
making up some new fake ones of course
it's what they do so one of them is that
they're saying that Pete hegseth who is
nominated for secretary of defense um
they claim that he said says women are
not qualified for military service that
of course is not true he did not claim
that in fact like the fine people hoax
he worried that you might think it so he
made sure that you knew he wasn't saying
that I mean I I watched him do that he
he very clearly says yes I have worked
with women in the military who were
great at their
jobs he's talking about
combat now I don't have a an opinion
about that because I think the people
who in combat are the ones I would
listen to so if you've been in combat or
you know a lot of people who been in
combat and those people say I got to
tell you I love women I love them in
support roles I've worked with a lot of
done great but when the bullets start
flying and I heard I heard a special
force guy guy say this I forget who it
was was on some podcast recently um and
this is super sexist so I'm just
reporting what somebody else said this
is not my own observation he said that
when the bullets start flying that the
women frees
up and that he's seen him multiple times
and that the men either through training
or selection or whatever it is are more
likely to go on offense which might be
exactly what you need for the best
defense uh but they kind of had to push
the women in the direction they needed
to go now that's anecdotal and I don't
support that interpretation it's just
one that has some attention but if the
people who have been in that
situation um collectively say yeah
there's something to it I would listen
to that and by the way I have no
interest in women being in combat like I
don't like it it it offends
me on a on a DNA level like it's not
even politics just my DNA can't handle
it
like it's just no how about just just no
because you know part of being a man is
that you feel like you're protecting
women and
children I don't know is that built into
us or am I socialized that way or is it
just natural so when you tell me oh the
woman you're trying to protect is
standing next to you in the hail of
gunfire I'm like no no no no no you're
making my contribution worth less
I'm protecting her that's my
job so anyway I'm no expert on Military
whatsoever but if the people who are
experts say that uh women in combat
remember it's just combat we're talking
about uh if they say there's a
difference and that it matters and it
affects our Readiness I say the military
is the one place you can discriminate
all you
want because the military is about
staying alive that's not about being
woke so if there's any good
evidence that something needs to be a
certain way to get a better result we
have to chase the better result that's
all that matters it's the military got
to get the better result whatever that
takes and then they're also worried that
since Pete Heth was accused of something
that there were no charges of and didn't
sound credible to the local police that
uh the women in the military would be
afraid that the military would start
raping all the women uh even more than
already which is actually a gigantic
problem um because heg Seth wouldn't do
enough about it and that's just totally
made
up there there's nothing about the Heth
allegations even if they were true which
it doesn't look like they were but even
if they were
true uh it would have been well true
that it it's true that an encounter
happened um but I don't think that's
going to have any effect on how he does
his
business anyway so that's more fake news
coming meanwhile Russia used a
Hypersonic missile for the first time in
Ukraine and I guess I missed the first
time I saw that news I missed the point
of it and I just thought huh a new
missile so but apparently the reason for
using the super saic missile is to show
that it can't be stopped by any of the
anti-missile defenses and indeed it was
not stopped by any of the anti-missile
defenses and then they point out you
know we could put a nuke on this oh oh
 so what what Putin was doing was
showing his nuclear capability without
the nuclear he said here here's my
rocket try to stop it oh you couldn't
stop it it just blew up your facility in
the middle of Ukraine well you know I
could have put a nuke on that and you
wouldn't have stopped that either so
maybe you think twice about bombing
things inside of
Russia so I think that's a pretty smart
play from Putin
um but um I'm going to double down and
triple down on we've never been safer
and there's never been a less chance of
nuclear war because Putin and everybody
else in the world knows that Trump the
big dog is coming it's going to be a few
weeks he's going to negotiate a piece
it's going to be you know some land they
keep it's going to look sort of like it
looks now why would you start a nuclear
war if you know that it's going to wind
down in a fairly acceptable way almost
for sure probably it will look like we
will commit not to bring NATO into
Ukraine probably
will means that Russia keeps most of
what they already have something like
that so no you you don't start a nuclear
war when all of your problems are going
to be solved the way you want them to be
solved or very close to it in a few
weeks there has never been a safer time
in the world's history never we're the
safest we've ever been it just doesn't
feel like it
sometimes all right I wanted to give you
my I'm going to
uh I've gone way too long so if you want
you want to leave I wouldn't feel bad
about it but I wanted to give you my uh
ADHD hacks so these are the tricks I use
to conquer my own
ADHD sorry now do I have
ADHD well I've never been diagnosed with
it but I do know that there are huge
portions of the day when I can't
possibly concentrate and focus and work
so um I've developed a number of tools
and habits and techniques that I will
share with you now so if there are those
of you who are maybe in the category I
am which is I don't know if I'm
technically
ADHD but I I exhibit those
characteristics um however I can tame
them through habits and tricks and here
they are trick number one I wake up at
4:30 in the morning
no matter what if you tell yourself that
sometimes you can sleep in that won't
work for you you have to do it every day
and you have to learn to love it I
learned to love it by training myself
with coffee and protein bar which when
you put them together they're like a
really good taste together so I would
get all this like
immediate uh physical
gratification within minutes of waking
up so 4:30 in the morning
I keep all of my lights off and I've got
my blackhound curtains down so that the
only light is in my immediate 4 foot
maybe a 4 foot um diameter I can't even
see or hear anything outside of my four
feet under those conditions when nobody
else is awake you know that would be
here in
person I have complete
focus and I don't think too much about
anything on my calendar that day
um and I enjoy the hack kind of the the
comments coming in from the DMS from
people people I love online and I love
the news so I'm immediately in this you
know um dopamine positive situation
now how do people who do boring things
make it work well it's a lot harder if
it's boring you know because I do things
that I personally like a lot so I'm
excited for several hours because I'm
just doing only the things I want to do
but I'm I'm lucky that way I do like
every other job have a whole bunch of
boring things I have to do paperwork and
spreadsheets and insurance and taxes and
it just never ends I can't do those
things at 2 o'clock in the afternoon my
body just won't do it I I can't even
force myself to sit in the chair I've
got a million things swirling around by
the time my dog wakes up my productivity
goes down 25% does anybody have that
experience if you work at home the
minute your dog wakes up 25% of your
productivity gone if there are kids in
the house or people who you work with
Who start calling you early in the
morning another 50% gone you lose 75% of
your concentration just because other
people are awake so get up before they
do that's my hack but there are
more I also found out that since my body
and my brain are really the same device
that if I want to control my brain as in
making it focus better I do that by
controlling my
body so in the first example I was
putting coffee and a protein bar that I
really really liked into my body and
that was making my brain happy if it's
the afternoon and I've already done that
stuff um I will
exercise so I'll either go for a nice
walk in the Sun or do some weights or
something but the
exercise um makes me not want to move my
body around and when I don't want to get
out of my chair because I just exercised
and I'm relaxing I can
focus so I can I can control my brain by
making my body run or walk or play a
game or lift heavy objects for 90
minutes and then I just want to sit in a
chair but I'm going to be bored if I'm
just sitting in a chair so I might as
well look at that spreadsheet get my
taxes done that sort of
thing anyway so those are some tricks
use your exercise to put yourself back
in that condition my other trick is I go
to Starbucks um when my by around 11:00
a.m. you know after I've gotten ready
for the day and stuff walk the dog um I
need to dip back into work but um my
brain's already spinning aund things
happening in the real world I can't
focus now so I go to
Starbucks now this is also a hack
because Starbucks is noisy and busy but
for reasons that I don't fully
understand there's a lot of science to
it that a cafe environment allows you to
focus really well I'll tell you what I
think it is for some reason when there
are people all around me and literally
standing next to my table I often take a
table that's right next to the line
where where people are waiting for their
their stuff and so often I'll be I'll be
working and there'll be somebody's butt
like right
here and they're having a conversation
like right above me and you would say to
yourself oh that's the most distracting
thing there's no way you can concentrate
that I can concentrate so well in that
situation because somehow my brain says
oh you need to turn out you need to turn
all the stuff off and I just turn it off
and I
go and apparently it's a reproducible
thing because Cafe sounds I I I can't do
it with just the sounds it doesn't work
I have to actually be in the environment
so I can get another 90 minutes work
just by changing the
environment I call this matching my
energy to the task so you got to change
your
energy um to match the task so at 4:30
in the morning the only way I can work
is I have no distractions but by 11: in
the morning the only way I can work is
if I'm in a full busy um Cafe now if you
have not experimented to discover those
two things about yourself or you might
have you know two different things that
work for you you got to look for it yeah
you got to you got to do a little work
got to go look for it anyway experiment
on that and that's all got for you I'm
going to talk to the locals people for a
minute I went too long there's
lawnmowers outside all
right YouTube and x and Rumble thanks
for joining I'll see you again tomorrow
same time locals I'm coming at
you oh no I'm
not locals I am not coming at you
because the feature for going private um
is not
working so we won't get we won't be
going private um every now and then that
happens with the the rumble Studio
there's a special button to go private
with just the locals people um but it's
not working today so I'll see you guys
in the uh in the man cave man cave
tonight it'll be awesome see you there
let's see if it turns off the regular
way oh doesn't turn off the rec all
right so there isn't a way to end the
live
stream so both of there's two ways to do
it and they both are not working right
now
uh let's
see so I'm going to end the I'm going to
get out of
the I'm going to dip out and then back
in just to see if I could close it if I
get back in