bumbum bumbum
well i don't know about you but I'm
drinking coffee late at night that's how
I roll I was up this morning and started
work at I think 2 a.m. it's weird having
complete control over your schedule if
you'd like to simultaneously except I
know this is swaddle time but breaking
the rules a little bit this would be the
time grab your cup
grab your mug go mmm well tell me dear
dear audience how many of you had an
extra good night's sleep with my help so
after i hypnotized those of you who
stayed around to the end and were
willing how many of you actually
experienced an extra good night of sleep
tell me in the comments well we'll see
that it'll take a moment to catch up
swaddle be gently that should be the
name of a movie he swallowed me he
swaddled me gently alright let's let's
do a little breakdown of the events and
since last I talked to you so we had
another meeting of the task force press
conference and let me tell you how it
went
first of all minuchin secretary minuchin
was really good
did you catch the newton's presentation
so he was talking about the financial
side of it and i gotta say it was really
good so here's what was good about it
he had a confident sort of in command
way about him which is exactly what you
want to hear you don't want to hear any
do the ring you
want to hear him say I'll have to ask
somebody about that you don't want to
hear him say I'll look into it you know
you wanted to just tell you what's a
good idea and tell you what he's doing
and what the priorities are and I would
say he nailed it
so very strong from minuchin the other
thing I liked about it in particular is
a he was specific where he could be so
everywhere that he could give you a time
estimate he would say you know we're
gonna try to do this in two weeks
normally it would take X months but
we're gonna really try to do it in two
weeks
now in a few cases I believe he didn't
have as much certainty but he still
bounded it which is exactly what you
want because that tells you that he
knows what he's doing it's not that we
have to manage him exactly and it's not
that you know we're directly going to do
something if it's one answer or another
but the fact that he knows and he can
say well this is about two weeks this
one you know we don't have a handle on
it but we've tried to do it in a month
or whatever he said but he basically he
bounded everything he put an estimate on
everything and he put a boundary on
everything and then he told you what he
would do if the boundary was exceeded so
when the kid in the case of I forget
which part of the plan he was talking
about he said if we need more then we'll
go back and you know phase four I get it
and I thought okay I have I now have a a
really good understanding of the
situation sufficient for my purposes as
a citizen because remember we're all in
this this is this is not a spectator
sport the the messages that our leaders
are telling us our experts and our
leaders are making us act differently in
profound ways everything from closing
down the economy to don't wear masks do
wear masks don't worry this do or that
you know start up factories don't start
up factories but mostly I guess start
off factories so the information we give
for our leaders is absolutely making
lots of us act differently so it matters
that they're saying it right now I do
not have as
ayuh grade for the rest of the
presentation
I'm not going to single anybody out but
I don't know how many times I have to
say this and I guess based on a lot of
comments that I got on Twitter there are
a number of you who don't understand why
I'm so worked up about the fact that the
task force is not clearly telling us
this is how much we need of everything
this is how much we think we have and
this is how much we're producing to you
know fill in any gaps now some people
have said to me quite reasonably if yeah
here's a perfect example of how if your
skill stack does not include let's say
business and economics or finance or
anything it's a perfectly reasonable
question what's the difference because
it's gonna be what it's gonna be right
if it's bad it's bad if it's good it's
good they're trying as hard as they can
it's not like anybody's dragging their
feet right they're trying as hard as I
can it's gonna be what its gonna be
what's the difference if if you and I
know how close they are there's a big
difference and it's not obvious I don't
think it would be obvious to everybody
so let me explain it to you and I think
everybody who's gonna any kind of
background in business or economics will
agree with what I'm going to say which
is that expectations are really
important and we are acting differently
depending on what they tell us for
example would the would Michael and L
than by the my pillow guy would he would
he convert his factories to make I think
masks I think he's making masks would he
do that if he knew that we're about we
were 95% there yeah we're within
striking distance
would he have changed his whole factory
over to make masks if he knew we were
almost there anyway probably not right I
mean that's a big big big investment by
him and his employees and everything
else and so if we were 10 percent of the
way there and it really is an enormous
national you know emergency
as opposed to you know an average
emergency you were you know kind of
wonder we almost have under control it's
a gigantic difference how how much
pressure would we the citizens put on
our government if you knew that we were
only ten percent of the way there you
put a lot of pressure on you in fact you
would say you need to stop everything
else you're doing and make sure that the
health care professionals get the right
protective equipment but you wouldn't
even let them finish the press
conference if the number was ten percent
right so but if the number is let's say
sixty percent would you act differently
well you might you might you might not
try too hard because you know it's
really gonna kill somebody
in actuality somebody actually could die
if you hoard some stuff so it might
change how you how you act
it might change whether you get involved
and trying to make some ask yourself it
might you know it might change your
behavior in lots of different ways but
here's the thing the most important
thing you would do is if we know how
close we are to meeting our needs for
those basics the health care
professional frontline basics especially
ventilators if we knew how close we were
that would also give us a lot more
visibility on when do we get back to
work
right because if we have enough
ventilators not as many people will die
and so as the number of people who die
goes down that's going to be the metric
it's not going to be the number of
people who get it it's going to be more
than number of people would die so as we
get a hold of you know as we build up
our hydroxychloroquine our masks our
ventilators the number of people who
will die it should be predicted to go
down you know in a predictable fashion
and that should also give you much
better visibility of when the economy
gets back on his feet now why is that
important well let me explain something
about the economy that you probably have
never heard except maybe for me if I've
said it before which is the economy is
best understood as a set of ideas and
thoughts
the economy exists in our minds our
collective minds and here's what I mean
if if I don't um if I don't trust you to
pay me we can't make a deal oh it would
be so hard that you wouldn't have much
of an economy so one of the things that
that is the collective idea is that you
don't cheat the other person and part of
the collective idea is if the more
visibility that you have the less likely
somebody is going to try it anyway so
the best economies are and this is no
coincidence the ones where there's the
most built-in trust for the most part
that let's say you're in the United
States for the most part if you're just
buying a good or a service you think
most of the time you're gonna get what
you paid for every now and then you'll
something bad will happen but but the
fact that there's a general
understanding that there's a trust and
everybody's watching is what builds an
economy but also as somebody said in the
comments the expectations
if you expect things to be good tomorrow
and that's just a mental state is just
your expectation then you will invest
today and it's that investing today that
makes it possible for things to be good
tomorrow so the entire economy is the
outgrowth of a set of mental
expectations and here's where I'm going
to this this set of mental expectations
which have been intricately designed
over time to hold together require that
the real world is also you know part of
the action because you don't you don't
think about the mental part too much if
you're actually going to work and making
money and buying things and and making
profits and stuff you think that's the
stuff you think it's the goods and the
and the things you're moving and the
money that's going back and forth but
that's just the outcome that's just the
result of having a well-designed mental
model which is the strength of the
United States so I would say that if you
combine the mental models of our
patriotism and you know national
preferences if you will with the mental
model
of capitalism and fairness and you know
just who we are as a people those are
the structures that have to be solid for
everything else to work because there
would be no nobody buying and selling
anything and there would be no economy
physically except for those mental
models that we all share now here's the
important part
we're not all equally contributing to
the existence of the mental model
meaning that most of you don't need to
know anything I'm talking about you just
need to know that there is an economy
and you could go to work but there there
has to be some critical mass of people
who think is substantially the way I'm
thinking which is that the economy is
the way you act on the set of thoughts
and those have to be solid they have to
be well-designed thoughts that are
engineered to work well together just
like capitalism just like democracy the
Republic those are well engineered the
thoughts now the biggest challenge I
believe between where we are now and
getting back to solid economic footing
is that we don't lose our mental model
while we have paused the physical world
the physical world can actually take a
pause if your mental model stays intact
because most of the things that will
need to be you know primed again and
pumped up we know how to do that it's
all part of our mental model so unless
the mental model breaks and one of the
ways it could break for example just to
give you some a concrete example it
could be that half of the country says I
think we need socialism and then half of
the country would be supporting a
different model in their head and it
would start to conflict with the common
model and then the physical world would
start to reflect that conflict and that
might not be good could be good could be
just a trans transition to something
better but it would at the very least it
would introduce some risk so here's the
point people who understand the economy
and understand business if you look
their comments to this you'll often see
that they're tending toward the
optimistic or tell you you know well you
know we'll lose this much which might be
scary but it's not necessarily the end
of the world the people who are telling
you it's going to be the end of the
world are the people who don't
understand economics it's not because
they don't understand it in other words
that they're not describing it wrong
because of the lack of understanding
that might also be happening but rather
if you're an artist a writer a
journalist but not an economist a
business person a finance person then
you say to yourself what what is my job
require and your job requires interest
you want your reader to be interested
and so you'll tell the story that's
really scary about the next big
depression and yeah it's the worst
things that with the worst things will
ever be and you think well I'm just
telling a story it's interesting it
might be true I'm just saying it might
be true worst case scenario that's fair
right but those stories are deeply
degrading and damaging to the set of
ideas that are well designed and are
just sort of floating in space held
together by the people who understand
this stuff and you need the people who
don't understand it to take a vacation
and not try to break the set of ideas
which are the strongest set of ideas in
the history of humanity you know the
things that you know give us you know
equality the things that give us you
know competition free market stuff you
know the set of ideas which is which is
us is the strongest set of ideas ever
engineered not perfect maybe we can do
better but up to this point in history
it's the strongest set of Engineers
engineered ideas of all time and we got
to keep that together and what I'm
suggesting is that a big part of keeping
that together is confidence and a big
part of confidence is when your leaders
can give you numbers and estimates so
for example if your
if my leader said I guarantee you that
we'll be back to work on I'll just pick
a day June first then the economy would
say the idea of the economy is solid now
because we just got an expectation and
we need that that's our fuel the
expectation so now you're solid and now
you can make it to June first now what
happens if June first comes and the
leaders say ah too soon it's gonna be
July still okay still okay because you
went from you know a sense of some idea
where you're going
gave you some confidence didn't work out
but that's how capitalism works lots of
things don't work out companies fail
capitalism is a big failure engine that
only works on average and so we could
basically reach a point where our
expectation of things could decide what
the future is it's power of positive
thinking when it comes to economics it's
real you know the power of positive
thinking is sort of that the magical
version that you can you know wish
yourself into a reality now I'm not
going to claim that any of that's
provable in any kind of a scientific way
or even true in any way that you would
think for things to be true I do know it
seems like it's true
those of us who practice it become
presidents and famous cartoonists and
stuff and it doesn't seem like a
coincidence that the people who have
that mindset tend to be more successful
and I'm suggesting that the people who
have that mindset your president is one
of them I'm very optimistic I'm trying
to be one of them and thousands of other
people who are like-minded who
understand that the economy is a
psychology engine and if we don't keep
that a hundred percent it doesn't matter
what's happening with our physical
assets that we won't be ready when when
the time comes
so we need our task force to give us
their best estimates of how close
they'll be to averting a gigantic
hospital debacle because of lack of
equipment if they say that we're nowhere
near it then you and I need to work
harder
literally you and I need to work harder
because if we're sending our first-line
hospital people into battle without
weapons you and I need to work harder
there's something we need to do donate
money you find a friend making a
connection build a mask I don't know it
must be something we could do we have
push our politicians so yeah we need to
know are we ten percent of the way there
thirty percent of the way there with a
good chance of closing the gap
are we 90 percent of there and full
confidence we'll close it and we're
going to keep making stuff so we can
help people in other countries wouldn't
that be great and by the way all you'd
have to do is tell me that we're gonna
make enough for us but we're gonna go
gangbusters to make enough for the rest
of the world you know if my government
just told me that I would have a much
better sense of how we're gonna get to
the end of this that would give me some
confidence and visibility about the
future and that would allow me to be one
of the people who can support this idea
machine that is the economy so I'm
trying to do the very best I can and I
realize that if you did not have a
background in some of this stuff
economics and business it would not be
obvious whatsoever they're getting the
way we think about it
is actually important to the outcome
it's just it is the outcome the outcome
is nothing but in terms of the economics
the way this the way this turns out is
almost entirely a function of how we
collectively expect it to turn out and
we could literally will the economy into
a stronger place now I don't mean I
don't mean in magic ways you know
nothing like you know new agey or
anything I'm saying that our
expectations is what causes us to act
answer
ways and we can simply tune our
expectation to a positive outcome and
the odds of that
translating into an actual positive
outcome about a hundred percent because
that's what it is the economy is nothing
but those act expectations
played out in the physical world
probably said enough about that I was
looking at the the death counts so I go
to world world ometer world ohmmeter
comm world ometer and it's got some good
statistics well they're all bad I
suppose about coronavirus and I got a
question because it looked like the
total number of deaths in the United
States is flattening can anybody can
anybody confirm that so I think I think
the deaths in the United States are over
6,000 but I need a confirmation to this
I think that yesterday the total number
of deaths in the United States from
coronavirus was a thousand 49 just
before I signed on and of course today
is now over but let's say let's say
today is ninety percent over because
most of the cases are on the East Coast
and the East Coast just has a couple
hours left all right yeah before the
before it's tomorrow so the number is
968 today as of few minutes ago so
that's under yesterday's count so
yesterday was a thousand forty-nine days
not over but it's almost over
and were under that number does that she
has only looking at your comments to see
if anybody has some comments because it
looks like it started to go flat is that
can anybody confirm that now it should
be sad that you know one days you know
wait one days number doesn't mean much
so you know but you'd have to wait for
several days to know if there's anything
like it
and they changed on the daily counts top
said midnight GMT huh
so is today the day is today the day
maybe let me remind you of my prediction
because I think I have the most
contrarian project prediction because
the predictions tend to be it's gonna be
hundreds of thousands of people it's
gonna be terrible and some people say
it's no worse than the flu and it's
gonna be nothing we should have gone
back to work my take is that it's
probably exactly as dangerous as experts
are saying I mean they may be off by a
factor of five but it's still in the
super dangerous category so I think
that's true but I think that we will be
so good at combating it that we'll we'll
surprise ourselves and that the total
net number of death will be under 5,000
now you say to yourself Piscotty it's
already 6,000 why would and it's not
done it's not even close to done so why
would you say it's going to be 5000 if
it's already 6,000 and the answer is I'm
talking about net meaning that you have
to count the number of people that we
saved by keeping people off the streets
which turns out to be a pretty big
number and is bigger than the
coronavirus death number at the moment
now in theory if the experts are right
the coronavirus deaths will pass the the
number that we're saving by keeping
people off the roads and you know away
from I know hiking accidents and stuff
like that at some point it'll cross but
I'm predicting that we'll have enough
days before that's going to happen to
actually get on top of it meaning that
the hydroxychloroquine might work there
might be something else that works maybe
the testing will become more ubiquitous
maybe we figure something else out but
that's where I'm at on that
all right what about suicides well I
wonder I'm not entirely sure that there
will be more of them I think we can
guarantee that whenever there's a change
of any kind people will react to it so
well here's what I would expect
I can't guarantee this but here's what I
expect I'll bet you the number of
suicides goes down while at the same
time I will acknowledge that there might
be people who will kill themselves who
might might not have but I think that
the net will be positive now some of it
might be just that we're forced to be in
the same quarters so I would think you
need a little bit of privacy to do
something like that
so one of the effects is that people
just won't have privacy for a while one
of the effects might be that people feel
connected to other people in a way that
they didn't feel before maybe people are
just more afraid of you know the world
than they are their own little problems
for a while so if I had to guess I think
I think we'll be better on that metric
as well if it's up will you lump that in
your net well it all has to be lumped
right if if it's something we could
measure or even estimate with some
reasonable estimate I that is net so you
don't have to ask me other questions
about is this in the number or is it not
if we can measure it as part of did we
did people die or did they not then yeah
of course you know it doesn't matter if
I've thought of it yet if you think of
something else
they could be in that number yeah that
counts too whichever way it goes that's
how it works all right we need a gross
prediction because net is impossible to
calculate no it isn't now we'll be able
to calculate that because now of course
not with the certainty of you know
precision like a rocket
rocket needs to be precise but we know
for example on any given week of the
year how many people are likely to die
in you know drunk driving accidents so
you all you'd have to do is say well
let's say this year isn't going to be
that much different than the last three
years how do we do you just say uh we're
down on that by 10,000 people
Crona coronavirus deaths are up by you
know 15,000 or whatever net is not valid
and that is the only thing that's valid
because if you make a decision which
affects all of those other things
you can't not count all the other things
that got infected
it's got to be lumped in there I've
asked 100 times how you're going to
measure metrics well I just told you you
would just estimate based on prior years
and then count up the rotavirus deaths
and bada-bing you got it
I like when stocks are up so the thing
you should here's one of these little
predictive things that will drive you
crazy on any day when the stocks are
sharply up there's more chance that
tomorrow is going to be sharply down
it's probably like two to one and then
vice versa
you know when it's down it's probably a
two-to-one chance that it'll at least be
up a little bit the next day so just you
know that you could still have a run of
you know five days in a row that's down
so that's not ruled down I'm just saying
it's one of those general patterns that
you see a lot
net is 100% valid thank you can we talk
about Jared Kushner let's talk about
Jared Kushner I personally I feel more
comfortable whenever he's on the case he
and I I don't remember him talking at
the task forces before so I'm generally
confident that things are gonna be done
you know rationally and yeah let's say
with with kindness when he's on the case
cuz he seems good at that
so that's good but he needs to do the
same thing that the rest of the task
force needs to do which is tell the
square we're at in terms of meeting of
needs for equipment for the frontline
people to talk about the Admiral was the
was that the Admiral who's in charge of
procurement and logistics see that's I
think that's the guy who needs to be
telling everybody else the numbers so
it's it's not Jared Kushner's fault if
he can't tell you the numbers if the guy
who's in charge of getting the numbers
also can't tell you the numbers so it's
probably the Admiral now he had some BS
about tapping into the the hospitals
procurement systems and writing some
software and blah blah blah and what'd
he say he was gonna get a procurement
tower or something some buzzword I
didn't even know what it meant so a lot
of that was just jargon nonsense and I'm
sure he's very good at his job
maybe the best in the world according to
trump and i have no reason to doubt it
but in terms of his communicating with
the public which i don't believe he's
never had to do before
maybe that's the first time he's ever
had to talk to a a non-military audience
about you know something that's
important to his job in this way so I
just I don't think he I don't think he
hit the mark but
I would expect him to quickly adapt
because at that level at that level they
don't make a mistake the same mistake
twice you know what I mean like by the
time you're an admiral or a general
you're gonna look at your performance
you're gonna fix it it's not going to be
the same same the second day so I would
expect that he will start giving us some
useful numbers he has not done that yet
in fact I'll make a prediction you want
a prediction
tomorrow's tomorrow's press conference
the Admiral will tell you something
closer to this is what we need this is
what we have and it could be a wild
estimate but if it's the best he knows
that I want to know that even if he's
wrong and even if he has to revise it
later all right is there anything else
you guys want otherwise where is ship
will we learn from our mistakes with
China I'll tell you the United States
has never had this feeling about China
before all at the same time you know
China can be divisive you know if the
Democrats like China then the
Republicans have to not like him and
vice versa but at the moment the United
States I think we see what we're dealing
with here so you know I'm being asked in
the comments about 3m apparently the
President had to put the boot on 3m or
maybe they were helping 3m get rid of
some kind of obstacle so I don't want to
assume that the whatever the order was
that the President signed I don't want
to assume that 3m was doing anything
wrong but they may have had some
obstacle that they also heated the
president to get out of the way so what
that's a wait-and-see I wouldn't want to
make a judgement based on what we know
about that which is not much where is
Joe yes where is Joe Biden do you think
gavin newsom will push for martial law
you know I'm not entirely sure what
martial law buys you that we don't
already have I mean I could probably
make a list of what you can do with it
that you can't do without it but do we
need it i I don't I don't see the need
for it if that develops anything's
possible
I suppose I'm I'm far less concerned
than all of you are about turning into a
dictatorship and part of that is you
know my little monologue earlier talking
about you know these ideas that hold us
together as a country and the strongest
ideas we have is that we're not going to
put up with a dictator there's probably
nothing there's more basic to the the
American character and I'm talking about
everybody who is you know 10 generations
here plus everybody who came over
yesterday because even the people who
came here yesterday they're not into
dictators not at all so the risk that
this country could turn into a
dictatorship you know maybe I'm too
optimistic but to me it's zero times
zero times zero because the public we
just have too strong a mental model that
we would die to change that you know I
mean so many Americans would just say oh
that's the deal we're gonna be a
dictatorship alright where do I have to
sign up to die to change that and you'd
have so many volunteers that it would
change instantly so we're as long as our
mental models are good and they are
we're very safe from that now you won't
hear something controversial you won't
like it for years I've been saying that
we see privacy and our loss of privacy
as a bad thing that we believe privacy
is good and loss of privacy is bad I've
been saying that our filters are
backwards and that the illusion here is
that what we're really comparing is one
person having privacy but you don't
because that's bad you don't want to you
don't want to live in the world where
other
people have privacy but you don't like
no no thank you
that'd be the worst world right so when
you say do you want privacy or do you
think it'd be okay if we had less
privacy we reflexively think in terms of
I don't want to be the one who doesn't
have it but consider this world happen a
world where nobody at it
no I'm talking not talking about your
bedroom and bathroom activities you
still have that as private as you want
but imagine we this pandemic came and we
had already all of us given away our
privacy and and just think about this as
an idea not a suggestion all right
there's nothing about what I'm gonna say
that's actually gonna happen in the real
world it's just a thought experiment so
you don't have to get mad at me I'm not
promoting it it wouldn't matter if I did
it's not gonna happen all right so you
just think about it from the only
intellectual thought about it if we had
given away all of our privacy let's say
we had let the government know in all
times where our phones are so that it
could tell who was near anybody else
then their contact tracing would be
instant so you wouldn't have to worry
about oh this person you know just was
found to have the virus the moment you
find it out you would just put that
person's phone number into your system
and everybody who had had contact with
him in the last two weeks would get a
text and I think they're doing that
somewhere or South Korea maybe but in
order to do that we would have already
had to have had to agree to give up our
privacy
now the downside is that they abuse it
but would they here's the thing they
could abuse it if they had privacy and
you didn't but remember that's the
situation that we all agree is the worst
one so I don't favor a situation where
somebody in the government could still
have their own privacy and then abused
yours you'd have to be in the same boat
whereas if they started to abuse your
privacy you could know they were doing
it because they wouldn't have a new
privacy you would know what they were
doing so you'd say hey
don't abused my privacy or or there
would be nothing to abuse because I'm
everybody to giving it up now you'd have
to have exceptions you know maybe not
your health care etc but you could you
could easily imagine a world where
giving away all of your privacy allows
you to solve gigantic problems gigantic
problems like a pandemic all right if we
had given away all of our privacy the
pandemic would be over but you know it
has its own costs and you're well aware
of them so I'm not selling it not saying
you should give away your privacy I'm
just saying if we had we'd be working
right now somebody says naive so he says
very negative well I'd lock all those
people so you're you're welcome to give
reasons but if you say naive or very
naive or even just wrong then indeed you
will be blocked they would abuse this
all right can we agree can we agree that
you don't have to tell me that people
would try to abuse it can you agree that
I know that so you don't have to keep
telling me because that would be sort of
in the obvious category but everything's
kind of got a risk and a trade-off so
there you are what were the odds that we
would all be dressing like antiphon if
if if we're living in a simulation I
always say this jokingly so don't don't
take this too seriously but I always say
that one of the one piece of evidence
not proof but compatible evidence that
you're living in the simulation is code
reuse they'd see things that you know
you just see patterns over and over
again so don't you think we're seeing
some code
use the you know one of the biggest
stories is people wearing masks that are
just like scarves around their face
mostly that I guess and all kinds of
masks but they had all kinds of masks
and they were wearing the masks in
public and that was like a big story for
Less several years to be a whole bunch
of masked people in public and then
there's a pandemic in a car what does it
cause people to wear masks in public no
did both of those things have to happen
in the same few years the completely
different stories and they both they
both required somebody to wear a mask in
public code reuse that is how you know
that this is a simulation how is Mexico
doing I do not know how a Mexico is
doing I you know you want to hear a
theory say yes yes you do you won't hear
a wild theory all right here's the
caveat I'm not going to go full
conspiracy theory I'm just going to say
that if you were going to predict the
future maybe this would be you know
compatible with a prediction so it goes
like this
so if you believe that the cartels in
Mexico have too much control over the
government including the federal
government that we could never really
work with the federal government of
Mexico to do something about the cartels
because they are the cartels you know or
at least they're working with them we're
afraid of them or taking money from them
or something so some kind of you know
there's some kind of too much of a
closeness there now that's the first
assumption so if you don't think that's
the case then nothing else I say makes
sense but but for those of you say yeah
I'll buy I'll go with you so far that
the government of Mexico is probably
little friendly with the cartels
now let's say that you're president
Trump and you want to figure out a fix
this cartel situation and you're looking
at all your options and you look at your
assets and what you got going and you
say you know what I say we have is this
el chapo is in jail so you've got el
chapo and he's probably flexible right
now right it's probably flexible so el
Chapo's in our jail probably getting
flexible doesn't look like he's ever
gonna go back to his life of being a you
know narco crime boss
I would think he's really flexible now
just hold that thought
separately in the news did you see the
weird story about the President of
Mexico visited the town where El Chapo's
mother lived and in what looked like it
was planned and there were cameras
rolling and everything he stopped and
went over and and greeted the woman and
talked to her in her car the ninety five
year old mom and she said something
about you know she had sent him a letter
and I think he said he got it probably
something about her son and so people
said all right this is a coincidence is
it a coincidence that the President of
Mexico happens to just run into El Chapo
his mom in an intersection and decides
to stop and go talk to her does that
sound like a coincidence well maybe it
was so one possibility is that's all it
was he's just a politician you just you
know ya know he had no beef with the
mother
maybe she's kind of famous so I just
stopped and talked to her so maybe it
was just that possible
here's another possibility and I'm not
saying this is true I this is just for
fun
okay there's not a prediction I don't
know anything I don't have any inside
information just for fun if you were
Trump how would you get rid of the
cartels and still get the present
government of Mexico involved well
here's the way I'd do it I would get the
cartel whose leader you have under your
control to protect the president and the
high officials in the government so if
the President of Mexico needed
protection from his own country who
would he turn to his military well could
he trust them maybe not but he might be
able to turn to El Chapo's cartel and El
Chapo could and again I'm not saying
this is happening this is just for fun
now chapo could agree with the
government of the United States here's
the deal I'll go straight and get out of
the drug business and in return you know
you'll give me some leniency and you'll
you'll let my people live and stuff but
we'll get out of the drug business but
between now and the time we do we'll
protect the government of Mexico so that
you can work with them to get rid of the
other cartels and suddenly the President
of Mexico is talking to the mother of El
Chapo and it all makes sense so could it
be that the President of Mexico may be
under the protection of El Chapo as
people because the United States and El
Chapo find that to be a good
understanding maybe that's the best way
to protect the President of Mexico
maybe that's why we'll see more military
action against the cartels now should
you bet on this no no no if this ever
became like a betting market unpredicted
don't bet on that I'm just saying it
fits it fits the evidence that doesn't
mean it's true
because it only fits the evidence we
know which is not very much somebody
says the Mexican army ran from El Chapo
is son right so you do know that at
least in some places the cartel is more
powerful than the army
so it does kind of make sense does that
kind of make sense and if you were El
Chapo would you make that deal
I would because what else has he got you
know al chapo might want a good life for
you know whoever is not in jail that his
family and stuff maybe you could make a
deal get him out of the drug business
they have some chance of living but he
might need to protect the president well
well business is being taken care of all
right
is zoom safe you mean zoom as in Z oom
the software so first of all zoom is an
amazingly good product it's a really
good product I got to say it's just well
designed but it's not the only thing
that does that there are other you know
I used to use something the other day
that they could do something similar and
but zoom sends at least some of its
traffic through servers and China and
most of their engineers I think most of
them are in China and that's a security
issue so if you're just you know talking
to your friends it's great but if you
have any kind of proprietary information
or anything anything you wouldn't want
China to know about I wouldn't use that
zoom sends all your passwords to China
says somebody that's probably literally
true in the sense that the traffic might
be going through servers there I don't
I'm not saying it's literally true and
that they're emailing your password to
the government all right I think I've
said everything I need to say and I will
see you in the morning
but before that I want to tell you that
you're gonna have a really good night of
sleep tonight again if you didn't have
one last night
well even more reason to have a good one
tonight but you're gonna get better and
better as sleeping until you can just
lay down and drift away so think of my
voice counting you to 20
and feel yourself just drifting away and
I won't do it tonight you can just
replay it in your mind and then tell me
tell me how well you slept tomorrow
morning I will see you in the morning
10:00 a.m. Eastern 7:00 a.m. Pacific
have a great night