how do you do but pom pom pom pom pom
pom hey everybody get in here it's time
for a whiteboard talk in which I will
teach you the secret master persuader
techniques for discovering cognitive
dissonance identifying it spotting it
knowing when it's happening knowing when
it's happening to you and better yet to
knowing when it's happening to other
people so as soon as we hit a thousand
I'm gonna launch into it now it looks
like we'll be there in a minute
so if you if you're not familiar with
what cognitive dissonance is it's it's
what happens to a human and I'm talking
about all humans you me everybody normal
when there's something that they were
sure was true either about the world or
about themselves that is shown to be
absolutely completely not true
so when you think something's true and
then you find out you're totally wrong
people tend not to say
oh I must be stupid and I just didn't
realize it until now
people don't do that instead they
rewrite the movie to make the facts that
just disprove their old thinking they
rewrite those facts in their minds do
not be true or to come from a source
that is incredible or to not really mean
what you think they mean or to be part
of a different context so cognitive
dissonance is when somebody goes from
relatively rational thinking you know we
we humans don't get there very well but
relatively to flat out just scrambled
and it can last a little while or a long
time and it can happen to everybody but
here's the hard part if you're the one
who's experiencing it you can't tell and
if you're trying to identify it in
somebody else lots of times you can't
tell that either because it might be
you so the fact that you and another
person are having incredibly different
movies while looking at the same facts
doesn't mean the other person's
experiencing cognitive dissonance and
you can't even put a best bet on it
because it might be you and the odds are
just as good if you don't know anything
else about the situation so I'm going to
take you to the next level your your
awareness of your reality will likely
change in the next 20 minutes not a lot
but a little bit all right I'm going to
show you how easy it is to spot
cognitive dissonance not every time not
a hundred percent of the time it's not
that sort of thing but I can get you
pretty close maybe eighty percent if
you're good maybe better it's impossible
to measure but if feels like it feels
like you can get pretty close so now you
know what cognitive dissonance is let me
show you what clues to look for both in
yourself as well as in other people so
these are clues that you can identify in
yourself to know if you're the one
experiencing essentially an illusion or
is it the other person so let's say
let's say just for the thought
experiment that a good point is made now
I know everybody has a different opinion
of what a good point is but for this
discussion let's just accept that the
point is good all right so somebody
makes a good point let me use an example
let's say Kanye West says gee maybe we
should you know free our thinking you
know think out of the box that's about
as good a point as anybody could make
about anything is so unambiguously a
good idea that it's hard to imagine who
could complain but you saw people doing
this they would collapse it to one
variable and you heard this they would
say
a Kanye he's just crazy just one
variable he's just crazy that explains
it all or they might say he's just
trying to sell records one variable but
what you don't you did not often hear is
somebody saying you know I think Kanye's
a little crazy it is a good way to sell
records too but he has a good point
and I think maybe he's trying to make
the world better all right if you hear
somebody go through all the variables
they're probably not in cognitive
dissonance but if somebody fixates on
one that doesn't tell you they're in
cognitive dissonance is just your first
flag it's a little clue and you should
say huh I wonder if it really is a one
variable situation because there are one
variable situations that can happen but
it's a clue so you see that your radar
should turn on likewise if you see
somebody expand your perfectly good
point to an absurd absolute that's
almost always a tell for cognitive
dissonance let me give you an example
suppose you say you know I think suppose
Kanye says I think we should be you know
more open in our thinking let's let's
try to think in new ways to maybe find
new solutions perfectly reasonable thing
to say again about anything and imagine
somebody listens to that and they go
yeah now you're gonna let me children
and drive cars
yeah that's free thinking what why don't
we let a three-year-old drive a car
Kanye right so if somebody takes a
perfectly reasonable suggestion to be
creative in your thinking and it turns
into yeah sure
three-year-olds drive in cars that's
some free thinking right there that's a
tell for cognitive dissonance this one's
pretty solid you see this one you
usually don't have to look much further
but it helps so the more clear
you find the more likely you are
correctly identifying cognitive
dissonance again it's not a hundred
percent situation I was tweeting about
this today what I call the mind reader
hallucination when somebody takes your
point and then says yeah what you're
really thinking is or the real reason
you're doing that is I know your secret
intentions sometimes they're right
sometimes but this one should be a big
flag a big flag and the reason is that
we think we're good at knowing people's
intentions but we're terrible at it have
you ever been in a relationship you know
what I'm talking about
right your biggest fights with whoever
you're in a relationship with are about
misunderstanding what they were thinking
it's the biggest most common
hallucination we have is that we can
read somebody's mind we're terrible at
it
terrible so if you see it happening
somebody has left rational thought that
doesn't mean they're wrong since
sometimes you do know what people are
thinking and if you're judging it by
their actions then you're probably
pretty close so for example if somebody
takes a knife and stab somebody else a
thousand times and you say I think he
meant to kill the person well you know
that's not really mind-reading because
that's more like a description of what
just happened so we're all doing a
little mind-reading it's not an absolute
thing but if you see somebody doing some
just pure mind-reading that doesn't seem
connected to the actions that are being
observed that's a tell here's my
favorite one which is ignoring
prediction so you remember that early on
in so 2015 people were saying
that Trump fellow he's a big ol Hitler
and if he gets elected he's gonna create
concentration camps and put all the gay
people in there or whatever people were
saying I was saying no he's just really
persuasive and I think he'll make the
economy hum and you'll do a good job
with things like North Korea so my
prediction came exactly true other
people's predictions were completely
wrong if that doesn't give you pause to
at least question your filter on life
you might be in cognitive dissonance
alright if my predictions suddenly stop
working and you see if you see me stick
with my same explanation of reality you
know I've been predicting now in public
for two years better than anybody
probably has ever predicted anything you
know that's that's a big statement but I
can't think of anybody who's predicted
better than I have for the past two
years they might exist I just can't
think of any all right here's another
towel for a cognitive dissonance of the
word salad the word salad are arguments
that have a lot of words they're often
bigger words than you need they seem to
be too many of them they're kind of
conceptual and when you're done reading
it you say okay okay
okay what I'm not even sure what that
meant
you have to reread it's like all these
words make sense in the sense that the
sentence makes sense but I don't know
what this is saying so you see that and
of course again this is a bit a little
bit of a judgement call you might be the
one experiencing the cognitive
dissonance and your cognitive dissonance
might be what's preventing you from
seeing a perfectly good argument so this
one is not a confirmation by itself but
if you see it it's another reason to
suspect there's something going on all
right now you might want to check your
own argument to see how many words
you're using
how big they are and whether you've got
real conceptual you know that might be a
clue to then there's the unspecific doom
forecast the the person who says well if
this whatever we're talking about
whatever the topic is if this keeps
going the way it's going it could tear
apart apart the the fabric of
civilization and we'll be living in a in
more coarsened world what does it hurt
you know I understand what you're saying
but did that make me lose money
you did it hurt could I not find love in
this world I don't exactly know what the
problem is even though I understand all
the words so when you see these
unspecific generic conceptual doom
forecasts that might be cognitive
dissonance for example Donald Trump
talking the way he does might turn us
all into you know more coarse
individuals maybe what's that look like
you know how could individuals be more
coarse than they were before we were
ever talking about a president Trump in
what world did people start out being
pretty nice and then suddenly Trump came
on board and well everything what the
hell after that we started being mean on
social media just the day he announced
that didn't happen all right so in
addition to these look for these verbal
tells when you see a sentence from your
debating opponent this starts with the
word so so you're saying chances are
that whatever comes at the end of that
sentence is not what you're saying it's
probably one of these these absurd
absolutes so people will broadcast their
cognitive dissonance with this word
so what you're saying is babies should
be able to drive cars so that's a tell
you see also bro and dude where some
feel say you know clearly you're not
thinking bro or something dude
and here's the thing it's not that
people don't use these anyway so you
know you could get lots of false
positives with bro and dude but if
there's nothing else and the bro or the
dude seem to be the active part of the
sentence
you know if the entire sentence seems to
be crafted around the importance of the
word bro or dude as opposed to say
pointing out a mistake you made or
mentioning a fact that might make you
think differently but if bro or dude or
sort of the focus of the point or the
tweet or the sentence that might be
telling you something here's the other
one
you know somebody will say something
reasonable let's call that the good
point
and you'll see a tweet that's ghost and
[Music]
no reason you left out the reason you'll
see me tweet quite quite often too -
that sort of thing ago you left out the
reason even in the constraints of a
tweet you could certainly say
essentially what the reason is even if
you're wrong you might say well I think
you got your facts wrong or you might
say you're lying or maybe you should
study this or consider this context you
know it doesn't take much space to put
put a little meat on your objections but
if somebody comes at you with the
ahahahaha that's that's a really strong
tell for cognitive distance but let's
say you've looked all that looked at all
this and you're saying to yourself you
know still I'm not totally sure if it's
the other person or me I know we're
living in
movies I can't tell which one's the real
one or at least the one that does the
best job of predicting if you've seen my
other work you know that I don't think
in terms of a true reality although such
that such a thing must exist otherwise I
if there were not a base reality
I couldn't exist to ask the question but
my filter on life says that we're all
sort of creating our own subjective
experience around that base reality that
we don't have access to our brains did
not evolve to the point where we where
we even really needed to understand it a
clam survives a dog survives they don't
know too much about the reality it's
very unlikely that we humans happen to
be alive I think exactly the time after
15 billion years that we finally figured
out the true meaning of reality well
maybe it's not impossible but it's
pretty unlikely given that every you
know generation before us thought they
understood the nature of what was
happening here and they were pretty
wrong chances are or wrong to in a
different but similar way all right so
my point is that we don't know what's
true but we can tell what predicts
better I've been saying that the master
persuader or the persuasion filter as I
call it looking at the world as
irrational actors who are moved by
persuasion as opposed to being moved by
reason in fact I'm saying that that
filter on life the persuasion filter is
the most predictive I'm not saying I'm
not saying that it is based reality
because I don't think I can see that but
I also don't think you can see it all
right so the best you can do to figure
out who's in the bigger hallucination
the one that doesn't predict is to look
for the trigger you don't really get
cognitive dissonance unless there was
something you believed to be true that
has been shown for sure to be untrue so
you look to see
who did that happen to here's an example
the day after elections November 9th
2016 my world was completely consistent
I predicted exactly what happened
president Trump would win and then I
went on to predict that you know the
economy would do well lysis would be
defeated we'd be talking to North Korea
productively so my world has no triggers
in it everything I thought to be true
and said publicly and often has happened
so it would be very unlikely that I got
triggered because there was no trigger
that I can identify but for those people
who are talking crazy talk on social
media you know who they are
they had a trigger everything they
thought they understood about their own
intelligence their own their own ability
to see what's happening there their own
capability to predict all destroyed just
just obliterated that's a trigger that's
a big trigger right it's the biggest
trigger we've ever seen we have another
one coming if North Korea goes well
you're going to see the second biggest
trigger for cognitive dissonance
probably that this country has ever seen
and I also predicted and I think some of
you who have been with me from the start
you know that I predicted on election
night 2016 that it was going to trigger
a sort of mass insanity right and by the
way can somebody confirm that is there
anybody here who was following me okay
we we have some confirmation so I said
that clearly and a number of times and
publicly this is going to trigger a type
of of insanity and I told you it would
be bigger than any you'd seen before
both true right what we're experiencing
now is a bigger form
of you know mass and Saturday than we've
ever seen before nothing like it really
we've got another one maybe coming we
can't predict for sure that North Korea
will go well but I think it will and
when that happens it's gonna happen
again
well people's minds are going to be just
splattered yeah and I also predicted
that president Trump would open a tear
in the fabric of reality so that you
could see through through that little
you know through the curtain and you
could see what's what's the own a more
predictive reality and here it is this
is what I've been waiting for years to
tell you but until you lived through
this last few years you weren't ready
you weren't ready for this you have to
live it right once you've lived it now
you can hear it so this this is the sort
of stuff that was just trapped in my
head because I could tell you this all
day long three years ago you wouldn't be
on this periscope you were to bail down
a long time ago with what what's all
that
yeah I don't know all right so that is
all I needed to say on this topic how
was this give me some feedback and let
me know if this was useful to you and
I'll I'll stay and just read your
comments for a moment and see how this
looks
[Music]
yeah somebody else is saying if Muller
doesn't indict and and I assume you're
talking about President Trump will that
be another big trigger and the answer is
yes and people will explain that away
with things such as well he probably was
guilty but people didn't want to catch
him for whatever reason or he probably
is guilty but they just didn't get the
right you know didn't get the right
information on him or you know he bought
somebody off or you know you'll see that
Oh somebody said what is a major
cognitive dissonance coming for Trump
supporters I have to think about that
you know they it is less likely that
Trump R is that Trump supporters will be
the recipients of a big trigger like
that simply because you don't have many
characters who can change reality
so effectively as President Trump so if
you're if you were Pro Trump you're
watching him change reality the way you
expected him creating lots of triggers
on the other side because they don't
expect it I can't think of an example
where there's somebody on you know let's
say on the Left who is actively changing
reality right in front of us if I could
think of an example of that then I could
predict that we might get triggered does
reading your latest book teach any of
this yes actually most of this would is
described in my book
win big lis but I don't have a chart
like this so this is the part that I
thought I could bring to it is actually
charting it and I think I have a little
less detail in the book about some of
the circles but I do talk about the
towels I talk about the trigger I talk
about cognitive dissonance that's
actually the the main lesson of the book
is is this stuff but I think I did a
better
of compressing it for the periscope that
I have done before all right I think
I've seen all the comments I need so
thanks for tuning in and I hope this was
useful
[Music]