are pouring in even earlier than normal
you're so
smart I started 30 seconds early and
you're still here on time let me get my
comments working and then I'll give you
the show you've been
craving well maybe not craving but
expecting
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cover of margara glass of tanker CH din
a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dopamine he end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and you're
going to love it
go well I'm right
again it was terrific I knew
it all right you ready for
this there's a going to be a p didd
documentary coming out telling us some
of the bad things he's done I don't know
if you've heard but this guy named Diddy
has done allegedly some bad stuff I
won't give you any hints about it but I
will warn you that the documentary
effect is an effect I I warn you off
often if you see a documentary on any
topic it's going to be non-stop you know
at least an hour of things on one side
and not the other side so
I hate to say
this this is this is going to be hard
for me I'm going to say a sentence that
I almost can't get out of my mouth you
ready despite the many claims you're
going to hear about P
didy under our system
he's innocent until proven
guilty I did it I stayed American I
stayed American that's a tough standard
you know and by the time you're done
with the documentary you're not going to
think he's innocent until proven guilty
that much I know is that fair not at all
it's not at all fair can you can you
imagine being arrested and have charges
that might be leveled against you and
next thing you know there's entire
documentary about all your
crimes that's not exactly fair is it
interesting yes I'm going to watch it
for sure it do I think he's probably
guilty of a lot of things well I
do but you're going to have to prove it
and if you ask me is it cool to have a
documentary about somebody who's in jail
with charges I would say no no if there
were some way without you know a direct
attack on Free Speech I can't think of a
way but it seems like there's you know
if a if a court can order let's say a
gag order
a gag order is a routine thing right
judges do that all the time and is that
not telling somebody that they can't use
their free
speech so so we have some precedent that
the court at least during the limited
time of a trial can tell people to shut
up but then they can do a
documentary you know I hate to be
defending Diddy but I think we need to
all defend ourselves right because if
you or I are ever in jail and somebody
does a documentary about how bad we are
while we're in jail waiting for waiting
for trial that's not cool that's never
cool it's Free Speech but it's
definitely not
cool anyway uh here's a cool thing that
might have a application to uh to the
fire recovery so Fox news reports that
uh Curt nson is reporting that there's a
shapeshifting AI Transformer
home so I'll will let you imagine it so
it's a imagine a a mobile camper so it's
that size but there's no part where the
driver sits you know there's no engine
so it's not really a camper it doesn't
go anywhere it's stationary but it can
be towed you know by an ordinary truck
so an or ordinary truck toes this little
mobile home looking thing but here's the
cool part it's not as big as a mobile
home it's only that big when you're
towing it as soon as it gets there you
can push some buttons and it expands um
to a 400 squ foot very well-designed
space now the well-designed part is hard
to say without looking at the picture
but trust me they they worked with not
just a tech company but they worked with
a design company what's the name of this
company AC
future um so they partnered and if you
know if you can trust my judgment on
design it's really welld designed like I
looked at it and said oh I would love
spending some time in that thing if you
can imagine that now imagine
this imagine you own some property in
Pacific Palisades everything's burned
down it might take years to
rebuild but suppose they got utilities
working and they cleaned up the toxic
stuff that could be sooner so that might
be 6 to 9 months so by the way that's
the current estimate I believe 6 to n
months to get utilities and and the
toxins removed now that's the
government's
estimate I don't know if you believe
that but let's say it's 6 to n months
and then will'll follow a lengthy
building
process I think it's I think it's
reasonable that the residents might put
up with being displaced for 6 to n
months but if you add on top of that the
two years it takes to get a place
approved and built even even if they
speed things up you're going to have
trouble getting labor and you know it's
never it's never going to be fast could
you imagine that some of the residents
would say you know what let us get one
or even two of these things put them on
our property put it in the backyard and
we'll be there while the construction
happens now it'd be hard to work while
the construction noise is going on but
on the other hand if you have house
construction you really kind of need to
be around if if you've ever experienced
it if somebody's rebuilding your home
you kind of need to be there all the
time almost you know every few days at
least to make decisions and see if it's
going in the right direction so now you
say to yourself but Scott how God awful
expensive would it be to buy one of
these cool mobile things really
expensive however if you play your cards
right and here I'm just spitballing here
I don't know if this would work wouldn't
it be true that they would have a resale
value
when you're done so could you buy it for
I don't know quarter of a million
dollars I I didn't see the price maybe I
have no idea what the price is and then
when it's done you know maybe it's two
years later you sell it for something
like a quarter of a million dollars
because it might not even go down in
value and people might want them right
so it's entirely
possible um you know not probable but
maybe there's some temporary way where
you could have a pretty cool life now
let me give you a little little uh best
case
scenario my understanding that and this
is the only reliable estimate I've
gotten eyewitness uh of how bad the
destruction is um it's something like
maybe 20 25% of the homes in Pacific
Palisades survived you know but they
have smoke damage and and all the rest
so if you imagine that maybe 20% of the
residents have some capability of
getting back into it faster than others
what would that be like and would you do
it if if if you if your nearest neighbor
was the only other burned house you know
a street over would you want to live
there your your first impression would
be no let me give you your second
impression if you moved in there and
everything was just a few
people you you would be friends with
James
Woods cuz he would be one of the few
people so suddenly all these people that
maybe you didn't know but are kind of
cool they're just cool people it's not
that they're rich not that they're
famous they're just cool yet you'd be
able to hang out with all of them
because James Woods would say hi to
everybody he'd probably come over to
your come over to your place because
there's nothing else to do so you would
end up being friends with this weird
comination of people that were not your
direct neighbors and probably you
wouldn't have met otherwise but they
would gravitate toward each other
because they were the
survivors I I contend that although that
was described as heaven on Earth just
the best place in the world to live
they're not going to get back to that
right away but they could get back to
something that's amazing like actually
just amazing and it could happen in a
year so if you want the good news
probably one year till 20% of the
residents have something like an amazing
just an amazing situation because
they're going to get the weather back
they're going to get the climate back
and they're going to get a social
structure back somewhat
instantly that is beyond anything that
you and I have seen now I've had an
experience with that and here here's why
I think it's possible uh I used to stay
a little extra long in college so
there'd be that last day before the
holiday before Thanksgiving or Christmas
and I'd stay the extra day when almost
everybody else would go home and what
would happen would be there'd be maybe
25 students left on campus that last
night what do you think we did it was 25
people that I didn't know we would all
find each other and we would have just
the best time just the best time
complete strangers because we were the
ones who stayed behind so there is some
hope
anyway um here's the weirdest news and
I'm going to call this a simulation
alert that if we did not live in a
simulation I don't believe this could
ever happen all right now I'm not going
to have to make the connection to the
simulation you'll see it yourself I'll
just tell you the story and then you
connect it to the
simulation according to the Daily Mail
there is uh now some science that shows
that inject ing a common household
disinfectant into your body could help
cure
cancer injecting a household
disinfectant now be careful I'm not
suggesting that anybody inject any
disinfectants it's a very specific
special case it's not every disinfectant
it's just hydrogen peroxide and I guess
if you they they found out if you give a
little injection into a tumor or a
cancer cell it weakens it so your other
treatments can work so don't do it
yourself do not do not inject any
anything into yourself
ever uh it's just a test but what are
the odds that there would be a headline
As Trump is going into office there's a
headline about you know it'd be a good
idea sometimes to inject some household
disinfectant into your body cure some
cancer come on
come
on you you think this is a real world
when you see stuff like this this
couldn't possibly be
real
anyway uh Senator fedman and his wife
went to visit Trump at Mar Lago
Washington examiner Selena Zito is
talking about it and what do you how do
you think that went you know if you
haven't heard the news do do you think
Trump said well you know he he took the
knee or you know do you think he
insulted him how do you think that went
well here's how it went here's what
Trump said
afterwards um he said quote it was a
totally fascinating meaning he's a
fascinating man and his wife is lovely
they were both up and I couldn't be more
impressed Trump said about fedan his
wife he said they had an hourong meeting
and he's Trump said he's a common sense
person he's not liberal or conservative
he's just a common sense person which is
beautiful Trump
said I arest my case I arest my case you
know I I've been saying good things
about fedman and getting slapped around
on social
media because the thinking is you can't
say anything nice about the other team
because winning is the important thing
now I understand that and I'm completely
on board with the concept of winning is
the most important thing if the
alternative is complete destruction of
your country I get it I get it winning
is the most important thing if evil is
the
alternative but sometimes you you've got
to put a little Nuance on this the the
fact that Trump can call out um somebody
on the other team as being a paragon of
Common
Sense improves Trump's
messaging because if Trump had said I
love common sense and when the most
famous Common Sense person on the other
side came to talk with him if he had
somehow rejected him or dismissed him or
insulted him or or even played it off as
not
important that would have been a huge
mistake because his most Central message
is the thing that brings us together is
common sense and so when he sees
somebody coming together over Common
Sense he's got to call that out because
this it looks like Trump complimenting
Federman and he is but it's really Trump
complimenting the concept of Common
Sense which amazingly has to be
championed in a day where there's so
little of it you know it's just
remarkable that you have to even mention
it but yeah that's that's the secret
sauce is the common sense and it is the
unifier and Trump is playing it exactly
right speaking of trump so the
inauguration is coming and security is
very important but a couple of uh things
about that um I don't know if this is
true but it it was reported that the U
major drone maker that is a Chinese
owned company DJI is it so most of the
drones everywhere are made by one
company in in China they're basically
the you know the big drone company in
the world and what they had been doing
China uh is making their drones Geo
fenced which I thought was a requirement
but maybe it isn't because they dropped
it so Geo fencing means that since the
Drone has a GPS you know it knows where
it is um it would be prevented even if
you tried to fly there it' be prevented
to go over navy base or military base or
or you know some government
facility so even if you wanted to fly
your Chinese drone over the White House
you couldn't do it until
now allegedly China just dropped the at
least the company just dropped the Geo
fencing barrier so correct me if I'm
wrong I'll take a fact check on this cuz
there's there's part of my brain that
says I'm not sure this is
true well all right I'm going to go I'm
going to go harder at it I'm going to
say that if you're looking to spot fake
news you know I always say the to on the
nose something's a little too
perfect this one striking me as a little
too
perfect that just days before the
inauguration were the biggest risk at
least in our minds the big biggest risk
would be an aerial drone like attack
especially if there's more than one of
them at the very time that we're
thinking of it the one company that
makes the most you know I would say
dangerous drones if you happen to be an
America and you're sort of the hobbiest
level drone The Most Dangerous Ones drop
their
defense and become
weaponized at exactly the time it would
threaten Trump
does that feel a little too perfect that
so let me say this I'm I'm going to say
I'm going to say I don't believe
it it could be
true but it's so on the
nose that I'm going to say put a pin in
that one and give me a fact check in a
few days okay get back to me on that and
tell me if that's true it doesn't it's
not spelling right you know what I mean
little too
perfect and and then uh I hear that
Netanyahu canceled plans to go to the
inauguration which some people are
interpreting as a sign that it needs
more security because maybe
Netanyahu thought it wasn't safe enough
but that's
speculation uh I don't know if you've
noticed that Netanyahu has a few things
to do this week as in their negotiating
the the hostage release Etc so so
Netanyahu has all the reason in the
world not to come you know that there's
nothing surprising about that but he got
invited so you know that's that's like a
win-win for him I would say all right um
there's some fake news about Tik Tok I
think it's
fake that Chinese officials are talking
about um allowing Elon Musk and May and
for some reason only him to buy Tik Tock
so Tik Tok will be not available in
America unless something happened like
just in the next few days that would uh
allow an American to buy it now if China
and the Chinese owned company don't want
to sell it it doesn't matter if anybody
wants to buy it but I'm not sure anybody
put together an offer that's would look
like it's acceptable so I think I think
China the government uh said this was
fake news and that China is not allowing
there's nobody who's in power who says
that Elan mus should buy Tik Tock so uh
Bloomberg said it was unnamed sources so
how often have the anonymous sources of
any story been correct when was the last
time they were correct I don't remember
a time I can't think of one time an
anonymous source was right not once now
whistleblowers yes but they're not
Anonymous as soon as you say anonymous
source in Bloomberg I don't believe
anything that comes after that I mean
those are two two red flags for not
being real Bloomberg red
flag and then unnamed Source red flag so
I'm going to say that's fake news that's
my
judgment uh there's also some fake news
about Julia Roberts and the News
actually is accurate in this case I
think I saw in the New York Post so the
New York Post had it exactly accurate
but by the time social Med media read it
and reinterpreted it they turned it into
fake news so here's the real news the
real news is that Julie Roberts your
actress Julie Roberts said uh on
Instagram Fu to looters as $10 million
homes continued to be robbed during the
LA fires now that got interpreted on
social media as the home owned by Julie
Roberts that was worth $10 million got
looted that did not happen she was not
talking about her own home and indeed
doesn't seem to live there anymore but
nobody knows where she lives but it
might be in the Bay Area so she might be
my neighbor literally she might
literally be my neighbor uh if she's in
the northern
California so that's accidental fake
news but the New York Post got it
exactly
right interesting engineering
publication and article by uh uh abishek
bardage is that there's something called
a fire Dome that's been invented uh
there's a company that it's an Israeli
based firm called fire Dome now my
understanding is it's not physically a
dome but what it is is a combination of
AI and cameras and drones I guess and
defensive tactics so that uh you could
spot or or a town or a house could spot
a fire before it gets to the house
so you'd somehow see the fire when it's
small send out your drones to stop the
fire right away now that's not going to
work if the wind is 100 miles an hour
but
um and and it would even work if it's
off the grid so it monitors the property
and then responds has some kind of uh
anti-fire suppression stuff
too so does Wildfire detection
protection and suppression
now I think that's probably not
something that you know La cities can
Implement tomorrow and isn't going to
work that well if uh you know if the
wind is 100 miles hour but it's nice to
know it's out there here's something
cool that also relates
to uh that so Rice University has this
new innovation where they used a
dialysis machine for treating
Wastewater so dialysis what you would do
to purifi blood they uh ran I don't know
how much if it's modified or just
exactly a dialysis but they ran some you
know dirty salt water through it and it
did a good job of cleaning the salt out
at much more effective technology than
current technology so not only could it
maybe clean some of the waste but the
the bigger part is that it's desell does
desalinization which is which would
allow you to use the ocean as your water
source if you could do it inexpensively
so it's not quite ready for use but that
looks very promising
also um according to the financial times
the the US natural gas industry is
poised to expand like crazy when Trump
lifts um a number of Biden era
restrictions on it but how much could
that change the economy that could add
that could ramp up our exports by $1.3
trillion over the next five years
years wow um I hate it when they give
numbers over five
years because your brain wants to make
it one
year and and it's sort of a trick if
you're trying to make the number look
big you say over five or 10 years if you
want it to make small you say well it'll
be no more than a billion dollars in the
first year or whatever it
is but 1.3 trillion over five years
that's pretty important we'll take that
thank you very much
Trump well the fed and Mike Johnson are
looking at uh some relief for California
which would be probably a big dollar
thing but uh Johnson is concerned as all
of us are that anything the federal
government gives to California will be
wasted on or just stolen so the
state does not have the credibility
required to receive money let me say
that again
my state is so poorly run that it is not
credible as a place to give federal
aid that's a big
problem okay how do you solve that well
uh in the past I think it was 911 maybe
there are other examples there would be
some kind of a zar to oversee the
government funding so it doesn't get
stolen given to the wrong people and so
I saw Mike cernovich saying we need some
kind of a Zar and I agree um I'm 100% on
board with we need a zar now how in the
world do you find somebody who would be
credible and competent and not already
doing something
else where do you find these credible
competent people who are not already
completely busy doing some other
credible competent thing well it's
pretty rare pretty rare but an
interesting suggestion from
cerno was a naval
rant
and if he hear if he hears me talk about
it he might hate it because it's like it
would be the worst job in the
world I can't imagine taking the job of
Doge I mean just all credit all credit
to musk and vake for taking that on I
mean would you take that on that would
be you know I like challenges but I
would look at that go ah maybe not me
now likewise the the job of you know
making sure that the funding coming into
California is not a fun job you're
you're just going to get
destroyed so you need somebody who is
invulnerable
to um criticism that they've reached
that point in their life they're
invulnerable somebody who
is obviously capable like really
obviously capable but here's the
important important part you want
somebody who is famously
non-political how are you going to find
that somebody who is brilliant capable
non-political and willing to work on
something well nval is actually sad that
he's he you know given the right
situation if it fit his talents he'd be
willing to help out the government in
some hard places where maybe it just
needed a little help that was suitable
to his talents so
sorry nval you're
[Laughter]
perfect I apologize in advance but
you're kind of perfect if this is the
thing maybe this is the thing maybe just
consider it all right uh talk about
timing so a month
ago um I would have said something like
you know I don't think Democrats could
possibly look more in competent or more
evil just sort of watching how the Biden
Administration has come together in the
elections and the lawfare and everything
else I would have said there's no way
they can top what we've seen then the
fires my God I don't think Democrats
could find any way to look more
incompetent or more
evil uh here's an update on how wrong I
was according to the Daily wire uh as
the fires are raging which is not funny
but uh
Governor Nome and the Democrats have
agreed to set aside $50 million to fight
the Trump Administration and defend
illegal
immigrants
now I feel like the Democrats don't have
any kind of smart
people because read the
room the state's on
Fire based almost entirely on the
incompetence of the people who should be
doing the fire suppression in the first
place if at the same time you're failing
in a way that we've rarely ever seen the
the depth of the
spectacular
incompetence something that will last
the ages we're talking about something
that's not the headline this week but
it's going down in history as the worst
managed state of all
time and during that context they
thought it' be a good idea to put $50
million away to defeat the will of the
American people who voted by a majority
to have the Trump Administration do what
it said it would
do can you be any more
incompetent than not being able to even
get the politics
right okay okay fire suppression is
pretty hard pretty hard they should have
done it but it's not hard to read the
room when the state's on fire maybe we
should back off on a little some of the
 maybe a little less
when the State's on
fire well there goes
my there goes my New Year's
resolutions
anyway uh do you
remember that there was the client
science scientist Michael man
and he was in a lawsuit with Mark Stein
over claims of climate change so Mark
Stein was
criticizing uh this one scientist as
well as climate change and the scientist
Michael man decided to sue him for the
things he said and uh he won the
scientist won so he I guess Stein owes
him a million dollars or something for
something that the court decided the
scientist was right and had gone too far
but uh the National Review which is
where I guess Stein had made the
offending comments had also made their
own comments about Stein's comments more
you know not not criticizing him just
weighing in on it and they were also
included at one point in lawsuit but
they've been removed because what they
were doing was more like free speech and
not so much you know defaming somebody
so they got dropped but now the
scientist who got a million dollars for
Mark
Stein is being ordered to pay half a
million to to the National Review to pay
their lawyers and that's only a partial
payment that could go further so let me
get this
right Stein allegedly defames the
scientist scientist gets a million from
Stein but the scientist may have gone
too far in defaming the the National
Review so now the court is saying that
they have to give the National Review
half a
million and then there's more
coming did was that a 13-year waste of
time so basically it was just Mark Stein
paying his own employer legal fees by
the time it's all
done I
just you when you see what the lawyers
did to the situation it made it so much
worse it's just it's just no sense of
anything that's right or wrong it's just
a legal
morass
anyway that's fun to watch uh but my my
take on this whole story is
uh why do we let the courts decide what
science is
correct doesn't that seem like a mistake
to let the Court decide who got their
science right because I'm pretty sure
that you know well I'm sure the case was
more about what an individual did or did
not do not just the science but uh
here's something
that according to this report that's in
the uh daily color news
Foundation uh according to them during
the trial there was a uh testimony from
a tenard statistics professor and the
chair of the undergraduate stats program
in the University of Pennsylvania
important school all right so keep in
mind this is the statist statistics
professor and I think at the same school
that Michael M is at or was at and the
won Wen school at least in Pennsylvania
University of Pennsylvania and uh so I
don't know if they were in exactly the
same place but both in
Pennsylvania let's just say both in
Pennsylvania at the time anyway this
expert in statistics testified that uh
at the Stein trial that man the
scientist engaged in quote improper
manipulation of data uh such that his
signature model was quote
misleading now what do I always say
about scientists let me remind you if
you're a really good scientist as
say biology are you also really good at
statistics probably not probably not if
you're a really good scientist at
anything are you also good at statistics
you could be but probably not you know
that that might not be your expert
domain but this guy is a
statistician and if he says you know I
don't know anything about climate change
but I'm looking at your numbers and you
didn't do the numbers right that would
be quite meaningful to
me so here's somebody who's good at
numbers and he's a 10e professor of
statistics and he says you did the
numbers wrong and those numbers are
driving your
model
so Michael man in case you're watching I
don't know what's
true and I'm not blaming you of anything
since I don't want to get sued but I
think the whole situation is funny and I
find it hard to take any of it as
credible um but speaking of climate
change the The Wall Street Journal had a
pretty funny editori
uh apparently there's a new term that
the Democrats are trotting out called
hydroclimate
Whiplash and it's caused by climate
change and it means that in California
for example some year will be extra dry
but the next year could be extra wet and
then the year after that could be extra
dry now this is something that's
happened in California since the
beginning of recorded records sometimes
extra dry sometimes extra wet and then
sometimes extra dry and I don't know if
I mentioned it sometimes extra wet but
the climate experts have
decided that they're going to call it a
cool name hydroclimate Whiplash and try
to sell you on the fact it's caused by
climate change have I mentioned that in
the entire history of California
sometimes it's extra wet sometimes it's
extra dry just like the last few years
so if the last few years are exactly
like the history of California that's
clearly caused by climate
change what so it's the Baseline the way
it's always been but it must be caused
by climate
change so when it's dry as climate
change when it's wet as climate change
and when it changes from dry to wet or
wet to dry it's climate
change
huh may I give you one of the best ways
to spot a
scam here's how to spot any scam not
climate change specifically but just any
scam hey I've got an idea that if you
take this pill your hair will regrow
test test test nobody's hair
regrows did I say hair would regrow I
said it I we really found out it makes
you taller test test test doesn't make
you taller doesn't make your hair
grow well while you were testing it I
found out that it makes your breath
smell better
okay do you see where this is going if
if the claim stays the same even while
all the assumptions and the facts
change the claim was never
true if you're sticking to the claim no
matter what you
see it's not data driven and and climate
change might be
true but we don't believe it because
it's data driven we believe it because
we've been told to believe it now could
there be data yes could could humans be
influencing uh climate yes they could be
do I know how much or how dangerous that
would be nobody does nobody
does all right but it's not very high on
my list of things to worry about however
uh what would be as the Wall Street
joural editor board goes on um what
would be some of the things that
California is doing to battle the
wildfire you're probably thinking oh
they're going to do lots of fire
mitigation remove all those burnable
things maybe have better resources
nearby stuff like that right well maybe
but uh they've got a climate bond which
uh partly I'll be paying for that has
$36 million for sequestering the carbon
and reduced emission from ranches and
Farms that I don't think we need 47
million for expansion of green streets
parks and
schoolyards okay that would be nice but
don't think we need it to stop the fires
$80 million for climate action through
nature-based
solutions to improve Equitable access to
Nature yeah I like Equitable access to
nature but I feel like everybody can
walk
outoors $80 million $190 million for
parks in the state's most disadvantaged
communities because when the state's on
fire I'm thinking if only we had more
parks and the disadvantaged
communities and 228 million to build uh
for Port upgrades so we can support
offshore wind generation which is the
worst idea in the world so in order to
support the worst idea for energy we're
going to spend $228 million to just get
there that's my state now let me ask you
again
do you think we need a some kind of a
zar to watch the spending coming in from
the feds if the feds gave California
spending for fire and mitigation they
would spend it on climate change
wouldn't they if if the California
Democrats say climate change is the
problem and the federal government says
here's a you know billions of dollars to
go fix your fire problem what the hell
are they going to spend the money on the
Democrats will spend it on on climate
change and Equitable parks and ports for
windmills right what would stop them
nothing would stop them and then of
course they steal a lot now would Naval
I'll just pick a name sorry
nval I hate to do this to him but do you
think Naval would have taken that money
and said yeah let's put this into the
ports for the
windmills no wind turbines you can call
it wind turbine if you want to be non-
trumpian about
it no I don't think you would meanwhile
um meanwhile uh Jack Smith special
counsel as you know is resigned and he
was the one bringing the January 6
related charge against Trump and uh in
his
report um he he said uh quote uh I can
assure you that not neither I well not
in his report or he said about it anyway
I can assure you that neither I nor the
prosecutors on my team would have
tolerated or Taken part in any action by
our office for partisan political
purposes come
on can can I read that again with the
proper attitude I can assure you that
that neither I nor the prosecutors on my
team would would have tolerated or Taken
part in any action by our office for
partisan political
purposes come on that's
ridiculous and what was it that he was
charging Trump
for
lying he was Char well in a sense he was
charging Trump because the most
important part of his
charges are a wait for it that Trump
knew knew not assumed but knew that the
2020 election was
fair uh how does anybody know that
that's not
knowable you could know that nobody
approved it was unfair that's
fair but is that the same as proving it
wasn't rigged how could anybody know if
it wasn't rigged it's designed so you
can't
know the the design of the system
guarantees that the public and even the
president can't know who won there is no
way to know who won by Design now you
could challengeing me on that but you're
going to lose the design makes it
impossible to know who won we know who
is declared the winner and we know if
any big problems were found and and
concluded by the court to be big
problems oh we don't ever know who won
our system cannot tell us that it can
only tell us what they want to tell us
that's all we know no but Jack Smith um
has used the standard that Trump made
some quote obviously false claims about
the 2020 election rigging obviously
false what would be an example of
something obviously
false
well I can assure you that neither I nor
the prosecutors on my team would have
tolerated or even taken part in any
action by your office for partisan
political
purposes that's obviously
false you know it's not obviously
false that the election was
rigged maybe it was rigged maybe it
wasn't it's not obviously
false now he said some parts of the
claims were obviously false now there
might have been some that kind of stood
down as well that doesn't look likely
but if you tell me that half of the
country thought it was obviously rigged
and half of the country agreed with
Trump if half of the country thinks the
same thing as Trump is calling that
obviously wrong obviously what what is
the definition of obvious now in my
definition if half of the country can't
see what you you think everybody can see
it's not obvious it's the opposite of
obvious so the the fact that we could
allow that reframe to to haunt us this
far the reframe that somehow you could
know who won in our
system amazing just amazing that it got
this far that was pure hoax pure hoax
and and you don't even have to research
to know that that's a hoax because you
can't know what you don't
know unless you have a system that was
designed to make sure that you could
know all things and it's not that
certainly not designed that
way anyway and then Smith but in report
by the way he released his 176 page
report even though the trial is canceled
so you're going to see all the bad news
about Trump but it's an 176 page report
most of which I guess we knew nobody's
going to read this 176 page report nope
nobody's going to read it but Smith said
he blamed the violence of that day
squarely on Trump Who quote engaged an
unprecedented criminal effort to
overturn the legitimate results the
legitimate results
wait a minute the sentence has another
illogical part in it the the legitimate
results well they were legitimated by
the system I guess that would be true
but is it
legitimate because that that's sort of
up to me isn't it it's up to you and
it's up to anybody looking at it do you
think it's
legitimate I wouldn't call it that it
was
legitimized by the system but I don't
trust the system so that's not
legitimacy
um in order to retain power do you think
that he did it in order to retain power
because there is no evidence to support
that so his main claim that the reason
he did it was that he knew it was he
knew the election was good but he only
did it to retain power there's no
evidence for that at all what what did
they read his mind is there some
evidence that he told somebody directly
yeah you know I think the election was
fair but I just want to retain power is
there any evidence to that no the
primary claim that he's summarizing has
no evidence whatsoever none was
presented none was proferred there's
none this is just his own weird
assumption how did he turn his own weird
assumption into something that looks
like proof when it's just based on his
own weird assumption do you know if
uh uh by the way I'm going to be totally
demonetized
I expect to be totally demonetized for
even questioning that the that the
Integrity of the election could be known
or or not known that would be enough I
think to I'll be completely demonetized
watch um just demonetized for the
episode not for the whole whole
Channel um but here's what Trump
says on true social he did a rant
against Smith and uh he called it fake f
find ings at 1:00 a.m. and uh well he
was released at 1: a.m. I guess for some
reason he called uh Smith deranged and
he said he was uh Smith is a lame brain
prosecutor who was unable to get his
case tried before the election now whose
messaging are we going to
remember I have a 176 page document in
which I I claimed was not political but
everybody knows it was and there's
nothing in it that you don't know
versus Trump uh a lame brain prosecutor
who was unable to get his case tried
before the election now he was unable
because Trump's lawyers did a really
good job of you know dragging it
out anyway that's happening Michael
shellenberger is on the Tucker U podcast
and it's amazing it's amazing yeah you
know I haven't watched it all but
watching Michael shellenberger just uh
explain things you're watching in the
news but you haven't heard the right
context and you don't know exactly the
the stuff that you should know but he
does is really good and I'm glad to know
Tucker introduced him by saying that in
Tucker's opinion he was the best in the
business
shellenberger I think that too I I think
we haven't seen Michael
shellenberger that I can think
of um I mean he's so good at explaining
the complicated stuff see the
complicated stuff is what the the the
lesser the Lesser journalists I'm not
even sure if shellenberger calls himself
a journalist I I I don't know what he
prefers to go by but uh he does the job
that journalist should be doing and he
does it amazingly and it's so valuable
to get the full context anyway um he
tells us that half of all fires put out
by the LA fire department are started by
homeless but so Tucker asked the obvious
question why do homeless people start
fires now I thought the answer was going
to be something like crazy people do
stuff but shellenberg had actually an
insightful take on that he said turns
out that Meads love to Star
fires so I guess within the people who
understand the you know the drug World
which again is yet another thing that
shellenberger has done a deep dive on so
when he does a deep dive on the
fires he already has done a deep dive in
a different time on the drug homeless
problem so he's one of the few people
who could say well let's let's put these
together and see what we see so when he
puts it get together with the homeless
suddenly the you know any of the
conspiracy stuff disappears because he
can tell you there's something about
people on meth they they like the fire
they their choices are different but
there's a very there's a very
consistency that meth equals starting
fires so I didn't know that
that that certainly uh is interesting
and then there was a more interesting
point I'm not going to say I agree with
this uh but I'm going to say it's really
interesting that uh the theory and I do
I'm going to do a bad job of explaining
it so watch watch Michael shellenberger
explain it he'll do the the good version
but when people don't have
religion uh as many Californians would
fit into that category that uh people
don't just get rid of a religion they
replace
it now that's the part which I'm willing
to
believe but I need a little more
convincing kind of makes sense so I'm
not I'm not debunking it whatsoever I'm
just
saying I love how interesting this is so
and the thought is that since religion
has built into it there's an invisible
person watching you and you better not
do these things that that gets replaced
with some kind of internal
guilt that even though there's not an
invisible God watching you you're you're
bad and you need to you need to improve
so it becomes kind of
self-destructive and you can end up
doing things that are not in your best
interest even if you're plan is not to
do things that are not in your best
interest it's just that you're LED in
that direction by some kind of you know
guilt and so that that would cause
something like the LA fires according to
Michael or an e merging property of
abandoning religion and inventing your
own source of guilt now those are my
words but essentially he calls it an
emergent property so nobody planned it
it's just that once you've abandoned
religion you replace it with guilt you
start working on your guilt and that
might not be where you should be fixing
problems if the problem you're trying to
fix is your own guilt you do
Dei if the problem you're trying to fix
is that it might burn up your state if
you don't do fire stuff you do fire
prevention stuff so it could be that the
lack of having a religion to take care
of the the conscience cause people to
change their focus to look for a way to
get that same religious feeling without
the religion do I buy that not
entirely but it's fascinating and it it
could be completely true so I'm willing
to say that's a great hypothesis let's
keep it open let's keep that hypothesis
open I'm not sold not
sold but it's sellable it's very
sellable meanwhile on CNN uh Jim aosta
was talking to the potato looking guy I
can't remember his name or somebody I
can't remember but uh he was saying that
uh talking about Zuckerberg and the
Biden Administration sensor and Jim
aosta says uh all they were doing is
asking for Co disinformation to be
removed you that's what they should be
doing really all they were doing is
asking for Co disinformation to be
removed uh does Jim aosta not know how
the whole free speech thing works you're
allowed to say things that aren't
right you can say it all day long
according to our constitution does the
government have some uh some
responsibility
Andor right to tell you you can't be
wrong according to them no of course not
it's a total
Ridiculousness uh so the redefining free
speech is agreeing with the government
the opposite of free speech so if you
watch
CNN just just hold this in your mind if
you watch CNN you wouldn't know what
Free Speech
was isn't that wild so if you didn't
learn it and learn it well you know in
some kind of educational process it's
the first time you came into discussion
of what what does free speech mean
because it's a little bit complicated
it's not as obvious as it looks right
who who can say what can you yell fire
in a crowded theater can you defame
somebody can you say things that are
wrong about an important medical
issue it's a little bit complicated
but it gets simplified when you say you
know as long as you're not doing it with
the intention of harming somebody or
it's not ridiculous uh you can do it
even the ridiculous part is too far
um
anyway here's what I wouldn't mind the
government doing I wouldn't mind if the
government or even the social media said
we're going to pair any any statement
that looks non-factual to the government
with what the government says now even
if the government's wrong and the person
saying that criticism is right I don't
mind seeing both sides do
you so I wouldn't want it to be a law
that you always have to see the
government side but if some social
network said you know the government
just so you know the government has an
opposite opinion I would like to know
that because I think we're smart enough
now to know that the government isn't
always the one that's right quite often
I mean we've seen it on both sides it's
not a political thing we see that the
government sometimes right sometimes
wrong everybody would agree with that
statement sometimes right sometimes
wrong so if I see both
sides I'm not going to complain about
that but I wouldn't want the government
to mandate it so if Facebook decided you
know we're going to make sure you see
both sides that's
okay no problem but here's what I here's
what's funny about CNN CNN has what I
call clowns and then they have people
who are maybe just biased and the clowns
would people like you John Avalon Jim
aosta Jasmine Crockett they don't seem
like serious people they seem like
people who just went on there to say
whatever is bad with Trump and that's it
but when I but that's not true of all
the CNN hosts you know when I when I
watch Anderson Cooper or Jake Tapper I
might not like the way they're
approaching uh something but sometimes
they'll say something bad about
Democrats like Biden's brain you know
why didn't you tell us sooner now you
could say well it was safe to say it
after it was too late because it didn't
make any difference but you know the
criticism you would do for say a Tapper
or an Anderson Cooper would be about
bias but it wouldn't be their clowns but
some of their some of their people on
air just strike me as
clowns but here's the funny
thing they also uh either intentionally
or unintentionally hired the best clown
killer of all time Scott Jennings so if
you're not watching Scott Jennings being
the often the lone voice sometimes he
has somebody else on there that's
conservative but he's often the lone
voice on the panel for the Republican
side of things and uh so here so here's
what I love so CNN's
producers seemingly intentionally
because how could you not know this they
they paired their best uh Republican
clown killer with the democrat's worst
clown so they put Scott Jennings sitting
literally right next to John Avalon I
mean he's probably the head clown of the
entire network and uh so so Avalon says
some clownish thing uh and then then
Jennings says let me answer your
criticism by asking you a question do
you think it was uniting so what Jen
what Avalon said was um that people
online are fueling division over
wildfires instead of
unity so John Avon is worried about the
you know the the Democrat
criticism so he thinks the criticism is
overdone and well we should really be
shooting for his Unity to you know get
things done and after this Unity call
from the clown Jenning says let me
answer your criticisms by ask you a
question do you think it was uniting or
dividing while in the midst of these
fires for the Democrats to go to
Sacramento and in an emergency session
vote to appropriate $50 million to quote
Trump proof California to sue the Trump
Administration which hasn't even taken
office yet do you think that was good
priority and a good time to do that or
or no uh was that dividing was that
divisive or was that
uniting and we're
done CNN's producers put the clown
killer next to the
clown thank you that's good stuff I'll
watch that all day long CNN you got me
you got me if you keep putting the clown
killer next to the clowns I'm going to
watch you all day long uh your your
ratings are going to turn around give me
that give me more of that clown killer
and clown can't beat
it
meanwhile also on CNN and this part you
might have missed if you saw the clip
live you might have missed a really a
really important little thing that was
just sort of hidden in so let's see if I
can explain it so Harry enton on CNN is
the most
datadriven objective person on the
network which is good because he's the
data guy so he does the polling and you
know how how have opinions changed and
stuff and when he talks about it it's
not let's talk about how Trump is bad
and all Democrats are good he just says
what the data says and and he's really
good at so all credit to Harry enton on
CNN does great job but he's being
interviewed by uh Z John
Burman who in this context would be the
propagandist all right so Anon is the
voice of reason Burman would be
historically in my opinion more of a
propagandist right
um so Harry Anon shows the the data that
uh the way he interpreted the data is
that the public is not making any
connection between the wild wild fires
and climate change so the main messaging
of the Democrats is whoa It's climate
change it's climate change but the
Public's not buying it and in fact the
public has moved backwards in its belief
about whether climate change is causing
wildfires in general so now we're down
to
uh since 2023 we're down to in 2023
we're down to 39% were worried about
climate change and in 2019
49% of the those pulled said humans
contribute to climate change so
basically half of the public said humans
contribute to climate change today years
later after years and years of climate
change
propaganda only
45% say that humans contribute to
climate change so now it's less than
half so less than half of the country is
buying the main Democrat messaging on
climate change all right so now again
credit to Harry enton because he's just
following the numbers and that's just
what the numbers say so here's the fun
part so then the John Berman says trying
to wrap it up and he says uh um he goes
even even as scientists say climate
change is causing more extreme weather
events even as scientists say climate
change is causing more extreme weather
events is that true are scientists
saying that uh climate change is causing
more extreme weather events or is it the
opposite because when I read the news
about this it's always oh well actually
the hurricanes are not getting more
frequent or Worse oh actually the
wildfires have historically always been
this
bad
right so um it's just not true the
scientists say climate change is causing
more extreme weather events is it it
might be true that some are but I don't
even think that's the consensus anymore
is it so what does Harry enton do when
the propagandist says something that I'm
pretty sure Harry enton knows is not
true but they're on TV it's live and the
guy who tries to be honest is faced with
a summary from his coworker that either
I just I don't think he believes it's
true so in instead of agreeing with even
though scientists say climate change is
causing more extreme weather Harry Anon
very
cleverly says
this even as extreme weather goes up
humans are the basically the Public's
less worried so you see how he reframed
it so Anon this is I'm I'm reading some
Minds here so I can't be positive that
either of them were thinking the way I'm
I'm explaining it but what it looked
like was that Burman was trying to throw
the propaganda for climate change into
the story and entance the data guy and
he wasn't having it but he couldn't go
against them on the air so he reframed
it away from the scientists and just
said the Public's not buying
it good job Harry Anon staying staying
on on on fact uh Trump was railing last
night about Seth Meers NBC late night
host um he's calling him he Saidi got
stuck watching marble mouth Meyers the
other night every time I watch this
 I feel an obligation to say how
dumb and untalented he is merely a slot
filler for the scum that that runs
Comcast Comcast owns NBC um and he says
comcash should be paying in uh paying
for in-kind contributions to the radical
left Democratic party and Comcast should
pay a big price for this well I like
part of this I I don't like the part
where Comcast should pay a big price for
this because it feels a little bit more
like free speech should not be you know
impinged or or
penalized I mean it is true that it's a
propaganda show it is it is true that
you know it's one-sided Etc but I don't
know in our system Free Speech if you
kind of know it's one-sided and you know
if you turn on gut held and you watch a
higher quality show you're going to see
the other side of things so I wouldn't
be terribly eager to see the new
Administration go after Comcast because
uh Seth Meyers says stuff that Trump
doesn't like that feels a little too far
and by the way I feel that there's a
obligation on Trump's
supporters to set some kind of a line of
what's too far because part of the thing
we like about him is he'll he'll he'll
do everything that other people do and
then he'll he'll push the envelope a
little bit so pushing the envelope is
what I like I like that he pushes the
envelope everywhere in every domain he
pushes the envelope but I think that
that makes a obligation on the
supporters such as myself that we need
to be vocal if there's something that's
just a hint of too far to me that's too
far to say that Comcast should pay a big
price for this coming from the president
president in a in a threatening way uh I
love the fact that he calls you know
that he does a a critical review of the
quality of the show that I love I love
that he came up with an insulting
nickname for somebody who's on the other
team love it love it but threatening
Comcast for what seems to me free speech
be careful with that one so so I'm going
to do my citizen duty to say where I
think the line needs to be
drawn You can disagree that's part of
your citizen
Duty Starbucks reversed its policy that
would allow anybody to sit it its Cafe
even if they weren't buying anything
which of course is going to be an
invitation to homeless uh that didn't
work
out so they're changing it you could
only be a customer if you're going to be
hanging out in the
cafe is that the Trump
effect where everybody is now sort of
allowed to be a little more common
sensical
you know you have permission to do
common sense is that the Trump effect or
is it simply that they tried it and it
was a
disaster maybe both you know maybe the
disaster wasn't enough to change it but
the Trump effect gives you cover because
everything else going on is a bigger
deal so maybe the Trump effect maybe but
not
entirely um here's something I love
Melania uh did an interview
and she said this and I quote I don't
want to hire too many people on my team
spending too much taxpayer money I want
to make sure that every position they
are talented they have Merit they know
what they're
doing is it too soon to call
it I'm going to call
it best first lady
ever any any
disagreement I want my first lady to say
something that's 100% compatible with
what the what the country voted for and
I don't want to hear another story about
that damn first lady who spent way much
way more than she should have you know
in Prior administrations uh way more
than she should have to get Good China
and to upgrade something that we didn't
think need needed to be
upgraded now I don't think that Melania
came up with this genius messaging on
her own I think she has good advisors so
first of all shout out once again to
whoever is advising the Trump team
including Melania this is just
genius this is this is this is not just
okay this is genius she could not have
nailed this harder the wording is
perfect it's concise it's on message she
she adds Merit in there doesn't want to
spend too much money that's compatible
with
Doge this is
everything this is this is exactly what
I want out of the first lady or the
first husband whoever it
is best
ever message
Perfection um now let's compare it to if
you want to see the difference in
quality of messaging let's compare it to
what Harris is saying about the
wildfires in
California um first of all uh you have
to worry about the climate
change so got to worry about that
climate change okay second is she
reminds us that the citizens uh really
need to be more patient in waiting for
help so it wasn't so much a totally
Democrat
mismanagement tragedy that burnt up the
entire state it wasn't that no it was a
climate change problem uh and now we're
we're into more of a Citizens being
impatient problem
and you know it makes you wonder should
there be some kind of punishment for the
citizens who are impatient about the
government you we got to worry about the
impatience of those people you know yes
their their homes are just ashes on the
ground and they've lost everything but
you know the real I think we need to
focus more on their impatience really we
keep talking about giving them clean
water and turning the power on and you
know will they ever be able to return
home in their toxic environment no no no
no no don't think small stop thinking
small you want to elevate this let's
talk about their
impatience now come on that's somebody
who almost became the president of the
United
States I'll take Melania over whatever
that is any day of the week for any job
let me say that again for any job I
would take Melania over KLA Harris for
any job any job house cleaning to
president of the United States I'm going
to take
Melania it's not even
close well just for fun you should know
that Michael Cohen was on MSNBC
basically begging for a pardon from the
Administration and I don't know if he's
going to get it because you know he's
he's so originally associated with Trump
and probably completely hated by the
Democrats so if the if the Democrats
give Michael Cohen a and Biden if they
give him a pardon I guess it would be a
preemptive pardon I guess um that would
be surprising but he's trying hard to
get it he says he should get it because
uh even though Hunter was Biden's son
and everybody understands that Biden
would give a pardon to his son you don't
have to explain that too much it's just
common common biology but uh Michael
Cohen's making the argument that he also
is somebody's son so therefore he should
get a
pardon because he's somebody's
son I don't know if I ever hired a
lawyer I wouldn't want him to be this
dumb or ridiculous
but anyway uh meanwhile Hamas has
accepted the draft agreement which means
they haven't finalized it but for the
Gaza ceasefire and release of 3 33 fa
33 hostages now here's what I believe is
true about it the the 33 is out of 98
hostages so you know oneir but that
seems to be the all the civilians now I
can't guarantee that
but if it's all the civilians and it
might include the female military I
think there might be five of them
um that would leave the male
military people who were were still
being held now I could see why they do
it you know I I understand why they do
it in that order you understand right
everybody understands why you do it in
that order yeah because uh uh men are
useless
so so they're going to lay you and the
citizens out because the males who are
in the military are worth
less how do you decide who gets to live
and die do you do it by identity that's
what they did now I get that if you're
in the military you're taking on a
bigger risk but keep in mind it's
Universal Universal uh draft or whatever
it is so everybody in in Israel ends up
in the
military right so you can't say that the
people were being held or chose to be in
the military so they took on a bigger
risk they didn't choose it it was
required so every person who was being
held didn't choose anything about it
there was no choice so so why did the
why did the adult men go
last now I get it biologically
biologically I understand that women are
more valuable than men because they can
do the baby making doesn't take many men
to do
that but you know I I I'm just going to
put it out there that somebody just made
a decision that adult men are worth
less
than the women and the you know the uh
the
civilians don't love it don't love that
but I can see why they do it now of
course uh part of this is that they they
would agree to a second AR phase which
might include the rest of the people but
that would not be negotiated to
completion while they're doing their
first phase you know they might be
continuing to negotiate and the first
phase release would be over several
weeks so none of it's going to happen
none of it will happen before Trump's in
office do you think Trump is going to
accept will release onethird of them
over six
weeks why would he why would he it
should be exactly the same penalty
whether you release them or
not right I mean I'm sorry whether you
release part of them or
not Trump's response should be the same
the you don't treat this as a
negotiation see this is what Israel I
think is getting wrong I'm not there so
you know they're obviously very smart so
when I say it's wrong it's from my
perspective not having all the
information but from my perspective you
don't treat this part as a negotiation
you do what Trump is
doing this is your ticket to the
negotiation because what the Hamas and
gazin want is to figure out what happens
to their entire future the entire future
is the
negotiation the ticket to even be in the
conversation is you let everybody go now
that's the ticket that's not the
negotiation that's the ticket to the
negotiation Trump gets that 100% right I
don't know why Israel has other other
variables or other considerations that
you maybe it's the the local public
opinion that could be it which would be
less less on Trump than it would be on
Netanyahu so I don't know I'd like to
see Trump see fix this if you
can and I think that's all I had to say
about this and ladies and
gentlemen um I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately for a little
bit um let's see if we can fix some fire
stuff get this country going again um
the golden age is uh off to a slow start
with the fire but I do believe that the
gold that the fires
have one hideous Advantage it's hideous
because of the way you get there but the
advantage is I think it's the complete
destruction of the Democrat
way of governing maybe not the complete
destruction of the Democrat Party
because they're they're probably
resilient but their way of approaching
things with identity and climate first
and feelings first I feel like it's so
discredited that it if it could ever
come
back it would take a long time so I
worry what happens when Trump retires
from the process you know will will
there be enough Republican strength to
keep common sense in our you know in our
sites or is it going to turn into
Ridiculousness like equity and who's
being impatient and what's your climate
doing and all that stuff so all right
locals coming at you for some private
time the rest of you thanks for joining
I'll see you next week or tomorrow same
time
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e