hey everybody come on in here it's time
for bedtime stories with Scott yeah it's
one of your favorite times of the day
it's right up there with the morning the
morning being your other favorite part
of the day
[Music]
drumming well I'm working on my
paradiddles that's a I know that sounds
bad but that's actually a drummer term
yes
working on my paradiddle let's say he
goes like this okay
needs work well well well I thought I
would begin with a demonstration of
artificial intelligence now the way this
is gonna work is I have a hypothesis
that I could write a program that would
pass the Turing test
now the Turing test most of you know is
a test that if you were talking to let's
say a computer there was behind a
curtain and you couldn't tell if it was
a human or a computer and let's say you
were communicating by text so that you
can't tell anything by the voice could
you tell that you are getting a message
from a real person or a computer so if
you can't tell if you're talking to a
real person that is passing the Turing
test named after touring so in a moment
I'm going to give you a demonstration in
which I will play the part of the
computer now like a computer I won't
actually know what you're saying but I'm
gonna have a conversation with you as if
you're having an actual conversation
with me so you can play what you can
play along at home and here's how it
works I will I will be your talking to a
friend I'll tell you that I'm gonna tell
you a story but I'm gonna leave
moments when you can talk to me but
rather than being some dumb ol AI
program even though I won't know what
you're saying don't put it in the
comments say it out loud if there is but
it's funnier if there's somebody else in
the room say it out loud as if you're
answering me or you're talking to me and
I will simply respond and you'll be
amazed how good this is you know hold on
hold on just hold that thought
see what I did there it was like I was
talking to you right because that's how
a real person would talk to you what
yeah see what I did there I acted like I
was talking to you now that's what it's
gonna look like so I'm gonna tell you a
story but I'm gonna pause every now and
then and I'm gonna act like you said
something to me so it's funnier if you
actually say something yeah as long as
there's somebody else with you it might
be funny if it's just you and your dog
or something but it'd be way better if
there's something else in the room so
this is a story I like to call what yeah
yeah it's you probably haven't heard
this story only maybe you've heard it I
don't know but just hold on hold that
thought
let me just tell you my story and I'm
sure you have good stories too but let
me just tell you this story by the way
did did you do something with your hair
you look I don't know did you lose
weight
yeah so don't be modest you know you've
been you've been walking haven't you
been taking walks yeah it's great isn't
it
I know you're probably the same as me
you wish you could do more of it but you
know when the coronavirus stuff is over
I hope we can keep that habit up yeah
and also go into the gym right so this
is a story I call the golden egg now
it's not about cooking it's about well
I'll tell you so the golden egg is my
first success story in life and it
happened when I don't know my exact age
I'm thinking maybe nine years old ish
give or take a few years and we would
have an annual event in my tiny town of
Windham New York called the Easter egg
hunt and you know very much like other
towns do it traditionally and the eggs
would be colored and hidden in a
farmer's field that had many many ups
and downs and places to hide things in
the field and then the local kids would
go there and we would go to trying to
try to find the eggs but here's the fun
part the eggs had aid a cash amount a
rent oven so the eggs that were the most
plentiful you know might be you know I
don't 10 cents or something whatever it
was but the most I think the the most
important egg was the golden egg and
there was only one of them and it was
this big farmer's field and it was
filled with kids you know I don't know
how many maybe a hundred or more it was
a small town but probably a few hundred
my my but yeah well it was it was
Windham is the name of the town if you
heard of it yeah it's well yeah it's not
near or anything it's in upstate New
York so do you want to hear more of this
story or am i boring you
I will okay just hang in there all right
so I dreamed every year that I was
eligible because you could you could
enter the Easter egg hunt from the age
of probably as as young as you could
walk around and carry a little basket
but then you would time out at a certain
age maybe it was nine I'm hoping my
brother is watching this and later he'll
say no you would eat you got those
details wrong but here was the deal year
after year I would go and I would dream
I mean I would visualize winning the
golden egg now what I said winning I
mean being the lucky one who found it
because there was no skill involved it
was just a giant field you just had to
get lucky and you know what were the
odds that I would find the one and only
golden egg and so I'd got there and I'd
look hard and pretty soon somebody else
would find the golden egg a year after
year I'd go there with my my heart was
set and somebody else would find the
golden egg and finally it was my final
year it was the last year I'd be
eligible and the hunt was on and it was
it was we were running at a time and the
golden egg had not been found
and I thought to myself could this be it
could this be the time that the universe
conforms to my wishes will this be the
time that I yeah I know maybe I'm being
a little dramatic okay but would this be
the time that I would be the one that
the lucky one out of Honor Oh a hundred
kids maybe more to find the one golden
egg my last chance and the time ran out
the time was it was out and that was
that nobody found the golden egg it was
my last chance dejected and then one of
the organizer said hold on hold on
somebody has to find the golden egg so
we're gonna narrow down to the zone and
tell you a little bit more specifically
where it might be in that general area
and I thought I'm still alive still
alive I can find the golden egg and so
the the the the whistle sounded and we
kids just you know ran into that area
and started pouring through all of the
the grass Tufts and and or whatnot and
there it was the golden egg and I found
it in overtime of my final year and I
gotta tell you there are lots of things
I've wanted over my life you know like
anybody I want this I want that but
there were a few things I've ever wanted
as much as finding that golden egg and
to find it and to realize the thing that
I had been
visualizing for so long was
life-changing it was actually
life-changing because even then I was
able to calculate the odds
I mean roughly speaking and I knew that
something weird had happened and that
somehow I had beaten tremendous odds and
I thought to myself what if that's the
way it always is right because yeah I
was a kid
what if that's the way it always is let
me give you another another story so you
can get a kid a sense of the things that
influence me one day it was around the
same age maybe a little after that there
was a contest on the back of a cereal
box and the contest asked you to draw a
picture of the I think it was the Old
Faithful geyser and send it in and you
could win something and the top prize
was I think a color TV which was a big
deal back then but there were a bunch of
second prizes which were cameras and so
I showed my mother say hey I'm gonna
head to this contest pretty sure I'm
gonna win and my mother said you know
I'm glad that you're optimistic you know
you're just pretty good drawing but a
lot of kids are gonna be entering and
the odds of you winning a contest on the
back of a cereal very low very low or
worse than those effect and I said yeah
I hear what you're saying but I feel
like I'm gonna win not not the top prize
but I think I'm gonna win a camera so I
said in my drawing I don't want a camera
I don't know what the odds were but I
want a camera and it wasn't a very good
drawing here's another weird thing to
happen to me in college my first day of
yeah I was I think was my first day
freshman year and there was another
freshman who was actually an older older
guy who was going back to school I think
he was in his early 20s and he was a big
hulking guy with gigantic arms I
remember he had these huge like almost
simian arms and one thing led to another
and somehow we're just making
conversation it turns out he played
tennis and I also play tennis and so
being the cocky 18 year old that I was
and he being the cocky 20-something that
he was we ended up trash-talking each
other about how badly we would beat each
other in tennis should we play now what
I didn't know at the time is that he had
actually played I think the number one
position or at least he was a major
college team before that because he'd
been in college years before and so he
was actually like a college-level first
string tennis player I was a guy who
played tennis so I wasn't even really in
his general category of tennis goodness
but do you think that stopped me from
trash-talking him that I would beat him
in tennis don't know did not it did not
stop me from trash-talking and for the
life of me I do not know what got into
me because I knew at the time that we
weren't even close it would be sort of
like you know challenging Tiger Woods to
a golf game and think he had a shot but
the trash talk continued and we finally
played and I will summarize the match
this way sometimes I rise to the
challenge sometimes sometimes I get
lucky sometimes sometimes I'll hit a
junk shot that maybe somebody isn't used
to seeing because they're a much better
player and it comes off my racquet
differently because I wasn't that good a
player and sometimes I'm unusually quick
now so much any
but yeah when I was 18 I was deceptively
fast and maybe I was way way more
mentally tough than my opponent and
maybe although I was not yet a trained
hypnotist
maybe I got in his head and maybe he
didn't play his best that day and maybe
the way I knew that I had had a good day
against all odds and he had had a bad
day was when he wrapped his tennis
racquet around the end Pole and beat it
into a pretzel that's how he expressed
his unhappiness and losing a tennis
match he was pretty sure he was gonna
win now I can't explain why I want I
guess he was out of practice I got in
his head a little bit one thing led to
another lost the momentum bada bing all
right how many of you tried talking to
me when I was talking no I'm not
intoxicated whoever is asking that but
thanks for asking
and now let me tell you one of my
greatest of failures my most hubris is
ugly we're gonna we're gonna block you
for that so a number of people have have
said to me recently and of course this
was the setup to that they've said to me
Scott I turned you off because you're
too narcissistic to which I say Oh
apparently you were not aware of the
full context the full context being that
I often teach you that your ego should
be a tool and it's not who you are
likewise if I brag about something that
went well now Who I am
it's just
the character I'm taking on to tell you
the story if I do something that shows I
failed miserably or something which I've
got some stories about that if you want
to hear them it doesn't mean that I'm
the person who failed so I'm neither the
person who succeeded nor am I the person
who failed and if you if you imagine
that I'm telling you that I am then
that's a little bit on you because the
the context is missing for you so you
should always learn to dial up your ego
when you're putting on a show right so
if the audience is looking at you crank
up your ego that's that's how you get
the right energy and the charisma that's
why it's more interesting incentive but
there are plenty of situations in which
that's the very worst thing you could do
you want to dial it down
right would you like to hear a story
that didn't go my way I wrote an entire
book about that so I'm literally a guy
who wrote a book about all of my
failures because there were so many of
them you spilled his name wrongly okay
it's easier to give good advice but not
is easy to follow on your own okay I
don't know what that means
so you want to hear a story of utter
failure okay I think I've got some
examples of that let me call this the
first dance stop me if you've heard this
when I was probably 14 I had the first
dance in my little high school my little
town and I wanted to ask the cutest girl
in the class to her slow dance and I'd
never done this before
now if you can remember back to when you
were 14 imagine the terror of having to
walk across the gym floor
to act to ask the prettiest girl in the
class to dance when he were 14 and a
slow dance it's pretty pretty
nerve-racking right so you can imagine
you know my state of mind but I put
myself into the moment I said I'm gonna
do this and time Stood Still as I was
walking across that great distance which
was just you know the width of a
basketball thing because she was with
the Mean Girls so there were three of
them that sort of were the Mean Girls I
don't think they called themselves that
but if any of them were watching this
periscope that's what I thought you were
but the of course the Mean Girls often
are they're also the prettiest girls the
way it works so imagine there are three
of them the one that is the target of my
affections is in the middle but I've got
to do whatever I'm going to do in front
of an audience of the three Mean Girls
so you have to know that there was an
audience to know how big the pressure
was and so I walked across the gym as
time Stood Still it was like I was you
know moving through water and I got
there and I said I won't
I won't say her name but I said her name
would you like to dance and she said
what now what is the worst thing she
could have said because it forced me to
say it again but once I had the
attention of all three Mean Girls so now
the glaring attention of the three Mean
Girls is that me and I said would you
like to dance and she said now and I
said yeah
what now and she said
I'm too hot and when she said I'm too
hot
did it did I think I was done now no
because I'm spunky I'm the kind of guy
who doesn't give up so when she said you
know I'm too hot I didn't I didn't put
my tail between my legs I didn't turn
around I didn't give up I'm still I'm
still alive still alive and so after she
said I'm too hot I said well maybe you
could take off your heavy down jacket
and she looked at me and she said and
I'm too tired and I turned around and I
walked all the way back across the
tennis court or there was actually a
basketball court and time Stood Still
again because I knew they were probably
laughing at me at that moment in time
and I got to the other side and I said
someday as God is my witness I will take
this great this great tragic humiliation
and I will turn it into you if nothing
will stop me I will take this bad energy
and I will turn it into a little story
on periscope in 2020
during the corona virus is what I said
to myself because I don't lose I don't
lose sometimes the clock runs out before
I've won sure but is that my fault no I
don't own the clock but I never lose no
matter how long it takes I'm gonna win
and so I just turned that terrible story
into a entertaining little vignette yes
yes that really happened would you like
to hear would you hate would you like to
hear the most embarrassing story that
ever happened to me
and if Christine is watching this she'll
cringe but if you want to hear it if you
want to hear the most embarrassing thing
that ever happened to me it wasn't that
one oh there's a better one but only if
you want to hear it so I don't see any
anything in the comments but there's a
little there's a little delay well I'm
gonna guess I'm gonna guess that you
might want to hear this you know I don't
think I would tell this story except
that we're trapped in the coronavirus it
feels like it feels like all the rules
don't apply so this is a story I'd I
never would have told so oh can I tell
this story
it's I'm in mid teens and I'm in a movie
theater in Windham New York next to a
girl and some some handsy things
happened so I'll just keep it that I'm a
teenager I'm in a movie theater the
movie was diamonds are forever and it
was I think the first movie I saw that
there was a little nudity and remember
this is before the Internet so I had
never really seen a movie where a live
human being you showed a little bit of
something I just never seen it at the
same time I wasn't the only one getting
a little handsy and although everybody
was fully garbed I realized as there was
especially let's say provocative point
in the movie that by the worst
coincidence lined up at about the same
time as some handsy activity I realized
that I was
to have an event shall we say send the
kids to bed will you send the kids to
bed all right so I'm like teenager and I
realized that I might need to go to the
men's room because something's gonna
happen and I can't hold back and I think
only the guys can relate to this there's
something that you could call let's say
the countdown the countdown is when you
start hearing the countdown and you say
to yourself you know there's nothing I
can do to stop the countdown from
getting to zero we're past the point of
the failsafe something's gonna happen
and I'm fully clothed that you were
everybody's fully clothed in this story
but I say to myself my best chance is if
I can get to the men's room before the
countdown reaches zero I can avoid the
worst embarrassment of it and so I
quickly got up and started to walk up
the aisle to see if I could get there
before the countdown ended and here's
what I didn't count down it turns out
the walking action does not decrease the
amount of your excitement if here in a
certain condition it actually adds shall
we say a degree of friction you weren't
counting on so that when I calculated
how long it would take to walk up the
theater and oh there's a detail I forgot
to mention in my small town I would know
personally everyone in the theater oh
yeah yeah I would personally know
everyone in the entire theater because
it was a small town and I was sitting up
front and I stand up and I say to myself
I think I can make it to the back and
the restrooms
and I can hear the countdown in my head
it's like eight seven six and I won't
pantomime the whole thing but in the
middle of a crowded theatre the event
happened while I was trying to walk up
the rest of the aisle in front of
everybody I knew in the town true story
the most embarrassing story I don't
think I should have told that I'll
probably delete this right after right
after we're done uh yeah there was a
Bond girl in the movie and it didn't
help at all all right I'm gonna take
some questions let's see if anybody has
any that note that should scare
everybody away all right David do you
have a question David do you have a
question Thanks I've been trying to get
in on these questions for a long time
really exciting don't blow it this is
your chance it is all right make it go
so you've talked a lot about well just
recently you were talking about the
negative where you decided to tell
yourself the story that you just always
win
correct right so you could really I
guess program yourself with any story
right it's like I grew up in a Christian
household and then I stopped going to
church and only recently started going
again because I thought regardless of
whether or not it's true there's a I
thought it was just a powerful belief
system
for like the human mind no operating
system and nothing what did you have a
question
I guess can you do that I guess with any
any belief system just you yeah I think
so but my experience is that you can
change filters you know I like using the
word filter because that tells you that
you can't really understand the true
nature of the world but you can you can
put different filters on it for
different purposes so yeah people change
religions people change belief systems
I've changed my belief system bunch
times so yeah you can definitely do that
so thank you yeah like I can see where
simulation theory you know be helpful
yeah it's you know the simulation theory
doesn't have to be true or false
it just says write a filter a filter
that's useful or not useful and what are
the other tricks that I use all the time
is to imagine that I'm not my body but
rather on the little controller inside
my head and I'm inside a robot body it's
amazing how often that works I use this
today actually it's a little technique
to get you going when you're just
feeling lazy you're like okay if I were
a robot could I lift my arm oh yeah
that I could do that and then actually
you know you're up and you're up and
moving it's my little trick all right
thank you for the question think it
let's see if you don't hit this just
right that tiny little axe doesn't work
all right how about Charlie Charlie
Charlie do you have a question oh good
there are you all the technique about
I'm now my body is something I do all
the time and I'm so happy that you said
that because my you know the the pinky
trick that you talked about it yes I I
feel like it's part of that it's along
the same lines and where your mind I can
control a very small piece with you and
then eventually you
like that you're not your body is just
the means of being existing existing in
this world that you mention and in this
world in part of it has to be your
physical self but you can control
yourself from the mind and you're not
necessarily always your body yeah it's
it's a fun mental exercise because if
you imagine that you were playing a
video game and let's say the video game
was that there was a little character
that the the one you're operating to
fight somebody or whatever if the
character in that game had a problem in
his world it wouldn't bother you even
though you're the one operating the
little character and so it's the same
trick where you say well what if I'm the
character in the video game you know and
you know or your body is the character
so would it bother the little little
controller inside your head with that
little guy be bothered if there was
something bothering your external body
you know short of actual physical pain
you know let's say your physical body
got embarrassed about something would it
bother the little you on the inside
that's just operating your body like a
robot now you're not even the same
person there's just something to happen
in the external world but it didn't
affect you use the little road you're
the little mind inside inside the robot
body so whole thing and and I I wanted
to ask you one more thing do you think
that there is the potential that do you
think that it's possible to have a cyclo
psychological placebo and the reason I
ask it is because could it be that even
if the like what they call the Trump
pill or whatever you want to call those
hopefuls medication or treatment both
that there could be a psychological
placebo that he may have been really
helping people out just by having hope
well I do think that it had a purpose
yes very much so it allowed let people
IB it helped me think that there was
some way to get past
now as other options developed it was
obviously you didn't need that specific
way to get Pyatt there they're probably
several different paths from everything
from testing the blood serum to you know
vaccinations whatever but when we didn't
have any idea what to do about it
it was nice the yen little you know hope
at the whole down now it's been
increasingly clear for the last I don't
know few weeks that we would have heard
good news if it if it if it were going
to be good news I think we would have
heard so I'm not expecting good news
from these tests but part of the problem
is that they're they're fake tests
because they're they pretend to compare
you know across different tests but the
tests I that I think are working are the
ones where they're he paired the
hydroxychloroquine with zinc and
azithromycin whereas other tests don't
parent with zinc and since that is the
presumed way that it works you know with
the zinc I'm not sure that the new tests
are telling you what do you think
they're saying so I don't I don't trust
him but so if I'd say there's maybe a
40% chance the hydroxychloroquine works
at best 40% chance I think that the
hopefulness might have worked though
like III myself was in the same on the
side live in New York and I was on the
same page I was like I hear so many
deaths happening and you just want to
look for something positive and I feel
like there was some there was something
good weather works or not there was some
hope and I think that I don't know all
right so thanks for the call to you too
thank you I I just saw somebody in the
comments asked me if I knew that there's
a hotel in my hometown of Windham called
Cuomo's cave and I think I've actually
stayed in it when I visited my parents I
think I actually stayed at Cuomo was
cave pretty sure I did all right let's
see who else has a question for me
let's go with tub tub tub do you have a
question for me Tom do you have a
question for me I can see it trying to
load and then reload can you hear me tub
oh yes God can you hear me yes you have
a question for me well thank you for
devoting so much time to your audience
for these periscopes they're terrific
and I got to share a little bit about
that empty slate with one of my kids
who's going through college and I told
him your story about how you were
leaving college and your slate was empty
and it was an opportunity to move on and
I think a lot of us are gonna find a
time now where our slate is gonna be a
little bit more empty or we're gonna get
to reevaluate things oh we lost the
connection it's too bad cuz I like like
where that was going
yeah you know I think the the number of
innovations and inventions are just
going to be nuts
so there's definitely some good stuff
coming even with all the bad about Perry
is a commie that's a interesting name
Perry Perry are you there I can hear you
do you have a question for me kind of I
wanted to comment on something that I
used of yours just in the last 24 hours
and to see if maybe um you have a
comment or something that can help me
prevent getting to the point that I was
at I guess I'm a nurse I'm a public
health nurse but I I'm fine at nursing
but I get so much anxiety and whatnot
about the things that I'm not good at
right so I have built up a ton of I mean
I didn't sleep at all last night because
I was worried about a meeting that I had
to run in front of doctors that are
above me and I wasn't prepared and I
just kept thinking oh my god if I don't
find this certain thing at my desk
tomorrow morning I'm not gonna be able
to put this meeting on and I like I said
I didn't sleep all night and then
finally on the way to work
I I tuned to N and I really seriously
considered I am I have to put myself in
my brain I am the master of organizing
or or working out how this is gonna
happen today this morning and I I
delayed a meeting so that I could work
on it I got to the office found I within
four minutes found what I needed to do I
was like on auto drive when in the last
few days has probably been the hardest
viewed 48 hours of my family's life
through this kovat thing it's been
really tough at the kid and I had tears
and everything here at the house and and
it's like once I once I put my mind into
that that mindset that you explained
where I am in visualizing me just being
a master of my body to just go through
the motions I got so much done in
only one hour I got about three hours of
work done it looked awesome the meeting
went off well and then after that at one
thing after another just constant
demands of me I lived up to my
supervisors and the the hub of all the
co good stuff that they call and say and
they were like oh my gosh you are just
like Gumby you could be pulled anywhere
and you're being useful when I felt
worthless 24 hours ago I was in tears
and didn't sleep all night gonna see my
failures that I my insecurities that I
know I'm not good at yeah isn't that an
amazing little trick just it just takes
you rather the the the fake world of
anxiety and you just imagine you're
operating the robot and suddenly you're
just getting stuff done but I know
before I don't know why I keep falling
into it and I'm so scared they're gonna
find out that I'm failing in this area
in the computer or you know I it's a you
know one of the most important things I
ever learned because when I first got
into the workflow
I was surrounded by people that who seem
to have all these skills that I had not
yet developed and and so I felt just
permanently ignorant and inferior and I
didn't know what all the buzz words
meant and stuff but it doesn't take long
to figure out that most people are
bluffing
and that everybody's just sort of faking
it and once you learn that everybody's
faking it at least a little bit I mean
at least in terms of how they present
themselves then yeah nobody is
presenting a a genuine view of their
capability once you realize that and you
also realize that the the the bar for
good performance is not as high as maybe
you think it is it's almost hard to fail
in today's workplace if as long as you
put the work in and you have you have
some amount of competence and you do a
good try it's hard to fail you know the
longer that you try things and they work
out and find the more the more you can
believe that because now you've had the
experience of the more times you have
the experience of you're sure it's not
going to work out and then an hour later
you're like oh that wasn't fine
that won't mind going to embarrass
myself to the to the extreme here in
front of these in front of my supervisor
if I am not prepared I put I used you're
here also your lesson about about
putting yourself in embarrassing
situations and thought what then what
what's the worst that can happen and I
played it out and it sends me down yeah
the the worst that could happen is you
command a head that's actually the worst
thing could happen because in the real
world you know nobody says you're fired
because that PowerPoint slide was
missing a bullet pointer so it just that
doesn't happen in the real world in fact
it's the rarest thing in the world that
anybody does any candidate for
presentation and there's anything that
happens other than compliments even if
it's not good I mean people are just
kind so they sounds great yeah thank you
so there's not much to lose and you you
learn that eventually well thank you
all right well congratulations - sounds
like you're on the way to like a big a
big level up it's like you won this
level and the in the video game you get
to advance to the next level so you
might you might have a different
challenge coming but it sounds like
you've got this one
so time to advance to the next level and
thanks for the call
now isn't that good to hear let's see
what Mike has to say
Mike Mike hey do you have a question for
me Mike yes I can go ahead um so I get a
question about the simulation okay so
the the idea is I guess so step one is I
guess we have the like the neurons and
in our brains right they work a certain
way so we're sort of deterministic
machines right and yes unless we're
simulations okay right but like like in
theory like if you were a scientist
within the simulation that's what you
would find right yes okay okay
so so then the simulation idea is like
you would model something like that like
you would you would have like a computer
model of these neurons they would be
represented in code and then you would
execute that and that deterministic
information processing is what would
produce our I guess you could say
consciousness is that well it depends
what you call consciousness that's kind
of what I'm not give you your
consciousness is yeah right so here's my
definition that's sort of my own a
working definition I think consciousness
is the process of predicting what's
going to happen in the very next moment
and then comparing it to what actually
happens so if what you think is going to
happen happens such as if I hold this
pen and drop it into my hand what I
think is gonna happen is Oh exactly that
and when and what
things happen exactly as you expect
they'd be they start to fade from your
conscious mind because they don't matter
such as if you walk inside your you you
don't expect the trees to attack you so
you can just take them out of your
consciousness right like the thing that
the things which just let me finish this
point the things that become most cause
the most friction in your consciousness
if you call that is when things don't
work the way you wanted them to and
you're trying to figure out why and how
to adjust so I think it's just that
feedback system of trying things and
comparing them to what you thought would
happen in the moment and that's that's
it that's consciousness okay yeah and
there's no imagine for example I'll let
you finish this we observe that animals
seem to have different levels of
consciousness and I think if you imagine
an animal can't predict its own future
very far like a cat can basically you
know see what's in front of a dog can
maybe expect you to come home but they
can't really predict the future so I
think that the better you can predict
and visualize the future the more you
have the experience of consciousness so
it's only our ability to predict that
gives us consciousness go ahead what was
your question got it okay now I have
like a couple things but I don't want to
waste everyone's time I guess I would
say then do you think a computer program
then that makes a prediction and then
evaluate that does that feel something
then like I'm sort of drinking and
missing like the I guess you could say
phenomenological standpoint like like
the mind-body problem so if if a
computer software thinks is real and
thinks that it felt something did it
feel something well ask yourself if you
think you're happy are you happy but so
basically if it's your internal
description of what happened that's
probably good enough so I think a piece
of software can internally describe
itself as having certain qualities and
that's it all right I appreciate it
thanks Scott
all right thanks we call
let's take another one
let's take egg master flex no I'm not
gonna take you because your name is
weird egg master flex
how about Nicolas Nicolas are you there
Nicolas Nicolas hey do you have a
question for me go on Sam Harris's
podcast again well of course that's not
up to the gas that's up to the host
yeah no I'm generally you okay yeah I
did froze for a second there okay I
think we're good now yeah I mean I would
go on any podcast that was you know big
enough that had a little bit of an
audience and water to talk to me so of
course I would go but it's never up to
the gas and I think to be fair there are
certain kind of guests that maybe
wouldn't seem like repeats I might fall
into that category but yeah I mean I
would I would do it if he asks but but
I'd also want to see you on the portal
by Eric my signs one yeah that that
would be interesting
I'm not sure I can keep up with Eric
though he's he's operating at a
different level so half the time I I
can't keep up but alright thanks for the
thanks for the call sounds like his
computer was freezing up he sounded
frustrated
how about Julio Julio Julio come at me
Julio Julio are you there
I can I can what's your question
alright greetings from a fan from Brazil
many of the books that you've written
have made my life in some ways thank you
for that so it uh
you have taught me with when Bigley to
fairly well predict the future in
Brazilian politics so far really in
order to believe this well what would
you suggest that I do to you know start
leveraging that somehow well nobody
could really predict the future
i-i've had some remarkable predictions
but I also don't have any reason to
believe that you know the next five
years I would have more remarkable
predictions so is one thing to be right
and it's a completely other different
thing to say you can reproduce it so if
you ask me how can you make money with
your new prediction ability I would say
that's what people say right before they
lose a lot of money so believing that
you can predict the future is the best
way to lose money but if you wanted to
make sure you didn't you diversify and
have a diversified portfolio etc now
that's that we're all human and I often
make small bets based on the fact I
think I can predict so my best advice is
to make small bets and convince yourself
you're really good at this and probably
never make a big bet unless you can
really afford to lose it so I wouldn't
bet anything you couldn't afford to lose
and I would experiment and see how well
you do now one of the things one of the
ways that I'm doing this is I signed out
for predicted you know the online
betting service so that I could actually
have a record because it keeps a running
history of how good you are at
predicting so you know do I have false
memory do I have door remember that I
was better than I thought or better than
I remembered whatever and predicted does
that for you
so if you think you can see the future
you might actually be able to do it but
you can test it I'll predict it when I
say see the future I mean just you have
better tools to predict where things are
likely to hit so it's more about likely
it's not it's not like a photograph of
the future did that help oh I lost them
that's all for tonight I'm gonna go eat
some dinner you're gonna go have a great
night's sleep I mean really great if you
haven't tried that trick of imagining
you're the little operator inside the
robot body you really have to try it
it's a strong frame and I will talk to
you in the morning it will have some fun
then bye