[Music]
daily press conference one joined mmm
that's a funny name good to see all of
you come on in come on in you know what
time it is
if you if you're watching the clock you
are ready with your finger poised ready
to join coffee was Gotham's those are
the people we like the prepared people
the people who know what time it is so
to speak literally and figuratively
somebody says there's videos got oh
we'll talk about that won't we
yes we will but before that we will
prepare for the greatest day since
yesterday and all you need is a cup or a
mug or glass of tankard chelators dinah
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind filler with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better including the damn
pandemic it's called the simultaneous
sip and it happens now go mmm
yep I can feel that our dipping below
one
yeah that's core coronavirus talk yeah
there was a time when I would not say
things like well I hope we can get the
are less than one here's a list of
things we still don't know amazingly we
don't know if ventilators make things
better or worse what seriously we don't
know that now are you kidding me we
don't know if ventilators make it better
or worse now I mean I can get why we
didn't know in the beginning but now we
still don't know if ventilators make it
better or worse we don't know if I JAXA
chloroquine works still are you kidding
me I mean a lot of you have an opinion
but we don't have good
visibility on that yet given that it
only takes the entire course of having
the virus is like a you know a 10-day
two-week thing
how many ten-day two-week periods have
passed since we first said hey how about
this hydroxychloroquine and we still
don't know are you kidding me
what's wrong how about REM des aver we
think that's pretty good right because
you saw you saw the news come out there
I'm desert air it looks like it's really
successful did you know that at the same
time they're saying REM does severe is
very successful that they say but they
kind of mutter this it trails off listen
to the second part I'll moderate so
maybe it won't be that clear so you have
to listen carefully REM does severe had
a very successful trial we have very
high hopes for it it's working very well
except that it doesn't seem to change
the death rate whatsoever but the trial
went very well we can see that the
levels of viruses were decreasing but
for some reason the same and when of
people died no matter what whether
they're on the truck or not
however the drug is very very promising
what are you kidding me we don't know if
from des viewer has any impact on the
death rate because we haven't seen it
meaning meaning we haven't seen and
making any difference now if it doesn't
change the death rate what's it doing
what's it doing now I get that they can
measure that people are clear to the
virus faster but if they die at the same
rate that's sort of the whole game isn't
it did we go through this whole thing so
we can get people coughing fewer than
four days you know four days fewer that
it would have been otherwise is that why
we did all this so I would say REM
desert here has a lot of questions
how about vaccinations to see a story
today that maybe you will never have one
because there's a really good chance we
will never have a vaccination because
this this virus is similar to once
that we still don't have the vaccination
for it wouldn't be it wouldn't be the
first time we couldn't find a
vaccination at all now I feel optimistic
that we will but we don't know that we
also don't know why viruses ever peter
out we don't know why it's not because
of herd instinct apparently we're not
hurt instinct it's not because of herd
immunity it's not because of
vaccinations he had the fire ologist in
France the top guy said you know we
don't even know why they ever stopped
they just do
I mean you can send yourself well it's
obviously because of X but is it is this
we don't know the experts don't know so
those are all the things we don't know
about this coronaviruses
situation but I wanted to do a little
math for you and this will be a little
math that you can do at home I'm going
to give you some raw numbers and I want
you to check my bath now there should be
time that you can just quickly calculate
this and so many people do do it in the
comments so we can say and here's the
calculation what if the rest of the
country the United States had the same
experience in terms of death rate as New
York City
what would the death rate be in the
whole country if it if it turned out in
the long run to be similar to what New
York City is experiencing just so far
not even counting future deaths in New
York City just what what they've had so
far here are the numbers that you can
calculate that from and check to make
sure that the raw numbers are right - I
think they're pretty close so this might
be a few days old but the number of dead
in New York City that was above the
baseline expected dead so there so
listen to how I'm calculating this I'm
not saying this is the number of
coronavirus deaths I'm saying this is
the number of deaths above the baseline
for a normal year in New York City and
they said it was 21,000 more deaths in
New York City so the implication is that
that's mostly coronavirus or all
but that doesn't matter that's just the
death rate so the death rate was twenty
one thousand more than normal population
in New York City eight point six million
so take your twenty one thousand dead
divided by eight point six million and
tell me if you get point zero zero two
four so that would be the the ratio of
people who died in New York City above
and beyond what what they expected in a
normal year and then takes the
population of the United States 327
million subtract out the eight point six
million because you've already dealt
with them separately so what's left is I
think you got about three hundred and
eighteen million people that are not New
York City
now if the 318 million who were not in
New York City had the same death rate as
the ones that are New York City how many
people will die in the United States can
somebody give me that number because I
don't believe I calculated it right
because it would be seven hundred and
sixty-four thousand people dead so
somebody's calculating I don't know what
that number seven hundred and seventy
six thousand dead yeah so in that range
so over seven hundred thousand dead if
the rest of the United States went the
way that New York City is going but what
it I mean do it is there any reason to
think because New York City is very
special right it's special in the sense
that there's so much that's different
about it you've got more people coming
in from different places you've got more
elevators you got your subways it's a
different demographic I don't know if
people smoke more or what probably less
New York City I don't know what the
ratio is but but here's the question are
those differences in New York City the
kind of differences that you would say
oh don't worry about the rest of the
country because they're not like New
York City is that statement do you find
that a statement to be reasonable
I'll say it again just just check your
two thinking here is this a reasonable
statement the rest of the United States
will not go the way New York City went
even if you didn't mitigate so listen
let's make it hypothetical let's say
nobody mitigated with the rest of the
country and look like New York City even
when the York City is mitigating so it's
yeah the best the best comparison is
you're you're taking the the smallest
risk which is that New York City with
full mitigation and the rest of the
country
you know without it could you get to
could you get to some horrible situation
the answer is yes but you say to
yourself but the rest of the country is
not New York City so that doesn't matter
right but explain to me what would keep
the rest of the country from having the
same experience but slower just slower
because the whole point of the
coronavirus and flattening the curve is
that New York City it's hard to slow it
because of the density yeah so people
are just giving to each other too
quickly but in the rest of the country
you could slow it down right so that's
different totally different you can slow
it down in the rest of the country but
not in New York City it's harder to slow
it down is that a difference because the
number of people who get it the ratio of
people who get it in the rest of the
country should be the same in the long
run it will just take longer to get
there am i right so fact check this that
the rest of the country would in fact
there's no reason we we have no reason
to suspect well you know you don't know
what's gonna happen but you have no
reason to suspect that the rest of the
country would not venture alykum up to
new york city levels if you let it in
other words if you said alright the rest
of the country looks pretty good let's
take off the controls with the rest of
the country reached the same ratio as
New York City it would right what would
stop it I can't think of anything that
would stop it
somebody did somebody suggesting summer
one of the other unknowns we have is
whether this virus stops in the summer
we assume so but we actually don't know
that apparently that's not a given can
you hold out until a vaccine well I saw
an article today that we might never
have one
Bill Gates thinks it could take two
years which would be too long to be in
lockdown so the people who said this is
just the flu
have to explain this math they have to
explain to me why the rest of the
country would have a different
experience over time not as quickly we
all agree that it wouldn't happen as
quickly but over time when you reach the
same number of deaths as a ratio as you
did in New York City
and let me ask you this do you think the
people in New York City are more or less
healthy than the people in the middle of
the country have you seen the middle of
the country have you seen in Iowa have
you ever traveled in this country
through the middle we are an overweight
country but New York City not so much
New York City's what are your thinner
cities in fact checked me on this so I
do a lot of traveling or used to back in
the days when people traveled I did a
lot and if you were going to LA
everybody's thin you go to San Francisco
people are pretty thin you go to New
York City people pretty thin you got a
Texas now so thin you go to the middle
of the country anywhere and there are so
many people there how are they going to
do when the coronavirus sweeps through
the grossly overweight population
probably not as well as New York City
probably not as well so we'll say so
believe it or not even at this late date
we do now have general agreement in this
country not even close to agreement
whether the coronavirus is worse than
the regular flu right now things got
really quiet in the comments when I
asked you to
come up you know to sort of do the bath
if the rest of the country went like New
York City and I think you'd agree we see
no reason it wouldn't happen there's
nothing to stop it
we should have three quarters of a
million people died and the next year or
so that didn't need to die now is that
the regular flu three quarters of a
million and are the people who are not
afraid of that three-quarters of a
million people died is it because they
can't tell the difference between a
country that's in lockdown and doing
social distancing and one that isn't
because I think that the people who are
still in favor of continued the people
are still want to open up the country as
quickly as possible and I'm I'm in the
camp that says we should open up sooner
than later so I'm not arguing against it
I'm just thinking it through the people
who want to open it up when I see the
power Ewing in public they act as though
they can't tell the difference between a
fully mitigated situation that we're in
now and one is fully unmitigated it's
like they act like those are the same
right correct me if I'm wrong don't
don't all the people who say so I would
put let's say Candis Owens in this
category and I don't want to let me
speak more generally because I don't
want to put I don't want to assume that
I know the internal thoughts of someone
else so I'll talk generally just but a
Candis would be represent the people who
are more aggressive about getting back
to work now again I'm pretty close to
that point of view myself the difference
is that unlike some of the people who
say we should get back to work I can
tell the difference between mitigated it
didn't unmitigated and I looked at them
as separate so when I say let's get back
to work
I do say it's gonna cost us a few
hundred thousand people and we still
should do it that's my opinion
but if you're arguing we should get back
to work and it won't cost us a few
hundred thousand people what numbers are
you looking at
because the numbers I'm looking at as
soon as we take the mitigation off it
should get there now it could be the
experts are wrong have the experts ever
done wrong yeah a lot so it could be
that Candice and folks who have that
point of view turned out to be the ones
were right you know can I rule that out
nope I cannot rule that out I can't rule
out at this point I can't rule out that
a year from now we'll be saying Scott
you freaking idiot
you told us that this was dangerous we
took all the mitigation off and nobody
extra died maybe I mean maybe this
summer will be enough to take the edge
off it we get some therapeutics we
figure out stop using ventilators just
you know brainstorming here maybe maybe
the death rate plunges in the next few
months no matter what we do it's
possible so I guess there's some some
controversy about whether Candice Owens
got banned temporarily from Twitter I'm
just watching the conversation online
and people seem to think her account
still exists so therefore she was not
banned but other people say no it looks
like that it's just that she can't tweet
so it looks like it's live to us but if
she tried to tweet she wouldn't be able
to allegedly so I don't know the details
I don't know what's banned what isn't
that's just the controversy and it's
going around and I guess the the sub
part of that controversy is that the
only thing anybody can think of as to
why she would be banned from Twitter is
that Twitter things she's spreading
misinformation or bad information about
the coronavirus now I also think that
Candice spreads dangerous and bad
information about the coronavirus but am
I an expert no it is my opinion about
what is dangerous to spread about the
coronavirus should you take that
seriously No
no I'll tell you what my opinion is
worth taking seriously and this is one
of them because there's nobody who knows
there's nobody who's smart enough
there's no expert there's no
mathematician there's no statistician
who can tell you when's the right right
time to go back to work if it were easy
we wouldn't be arguing about it it's
just unknowable so so we all end up
using sort of our our biases or gut
instinct our our guessing so I'll make a
guess because we have to make a decision
right we don't have the option of not
making decisions even not making a
decision is the decision of not going
back to work so you got to make a
decision but I think you need to have
some humility about how comfortable you
could be knowing you're right I would
say I'm not comfortable I'll give you my
opinion but don't ask me to be confident
about it that would be crazy
and anybody who acts confident about
their opinion either going back to work
or staying locked up longer if they're
acting confident you should immediately
ignore them like the moment you see
strong confidence you should run the
other direction now that's probably one
of my issues with Candace's opinion on
this it's not even the details of the
opinion which I end up being very close
to in other words my opinion isn't very
far from Candace's I don't even know if
there is a difference actually but the
difference is she at least she presents
herself publicly as very being very
certain that that's the right answer I
can't I can't get close to that level of
certainty even though I'm leaning in the
same direction now I'm not sure that
it's bad to act certain when you're not
I don't know if that's the wrong thing
in this situation because certainty is
part of what influences other people and
even I'm watching the show as a
spectator and I say you know if I could
if I could influence people to maybe
agree with my best gas maybe I'd do that
I just don't know if I want to
Kandice might want to influence people
and when you're influencing sometimes
you do take on more certainty than you
actually feel internally so again this
is speculation because I can't tell you
what Candis or everybody else in the
world is thinking I can't know that I
can only know what they're doing and
then I try to put my interpretation of
it but it's my interpretation I don't
know what's in there yet so my
interpretation is that Candis is one of
the best persuaders in the game and if
she is taking on more confidence in the
way she persuades then she might
internally feel I would say that's okay
I would say that's okay because that's
what persuasion is but I'd be a little
wary of anybody you think actually
believes their own confidence so I added
up I ended up unfollowing Candice
because I couldn't stand
I couldn't stand what I thought was bad
information so I had I had the same
opinion that I think Twitter had because
we don't know why she was banned but the
only thing anybody can think of is that
Twitter thought that her her
recommendations were counter to the
experts
I believe specifically I think the one
that got her allegedly and I don't know
what the word is it's not banned but
like what happens suspended get a
timeout whatever the word is I think
what it was is that she was seemingly
suggesting not paying attention to the
government guidelines so it could be
that Twitter just said I it's just too
dangerous to have people suggest that we
should ignore government health and
safety guidelines but here's where the
real issue is if that's your standard
for suspending someone on Twitter how do
you not apply that to the Surgeon
General of the United States how do you
not apply it to every politician who is
misspoken of which there have been men
when I say misspoken I'm being generous
because politicians have flat-out giving
you wrong dangerous information lots of
them on both sides including the
president probably I can't think of an
example but one assumes that every
politician has given you bad information
at least once the Surgeon General told
you not to wear a mask the World Health
Organization that had more
misinformation than information why are
they not banned who gets to decide is
the Surgeon General okay because at
least he was trying well at least he was
trying sure he got it wrong but at least
he's a medical professional at least he
was trying well what Kansas doesn't get
the benefit of the doubt what if she
gets run wrong what if she uses her just
good judgment looks to the situation and
it's not so much a medical one as it is
you know a risk management situation of
do you want to risk this to get back to
earth do you believe this statistics
that sort of thing what if Candace makes
a good yeah let's say a good intentioned
opinion and what if it's wrong wrong in
the sense that after everything is said
and done you can look back and say oh
that was the wrong decision
in hindsight so in hindsight what if it
was wrong can can you suspend somebody
for being wrong with good intentions if
you have good intentions you show your
work and I believe Kansas shows her work
right she is she has tweeted you know
all kinds of data sources links analyses
opinions the support her point of view
she's in gasps right she might right or
she might be wrong but she's not
guessing she's looked at all the data I
suppose we're all guessing at the end
because we don't know the answer anyway
so I completely support Candace's free
speech I'm pretty close to her opinion I
don't like one bit the way she's
expressing it in this case because I
think her level of confidence is
misleading
but that's a personal decision she could
make that decision that's not up to me
the judge so I don't judge her and don't
much disagree with the the ultimate
direction that she's promoting that was
too much on that alright I know you want
me to talk about Kim jong-il and his
photo so there was the photo and then
there's video so the photo showed Kim
children cutting the ribbon and I called
I called BS on that photo now if
somebody said Scott Scott Scott joke's
on you because there's a video too
there's a video so the video isn't a lie
is it deep breath let me just let me
just say it again and then maybe you can
figure out where my head's at Scott
Scott Scott don't you know it must be
true because it's on video do I need to
go on its 20/20 anybody who says to me
Scott Scott Scott it must be true look
at the video where have you been for the
last five years four years is really
really crunch time last four years if
you haven't noticed in the last four
years that video can lie where have you
been the entire of fine people hoax is
based on a selectively edited video the
entire the president wants you to drink
Clorox hoax is based on selective video
where you just don't show the whole
context video is the most misleading
thing in the world what about the
Covington kids do you know why I thought
that the Covington kids were actually to
blame for about 24 hours until I saw the
video from the other angle it's because
video lies video is a big ol liar it's a
lying liar did y'all see the deep fakes
of you can see Trump giving an Obama
speech for
and giving a trump speech in rona words
it's crazy now I don't think that the
videos were deep fakes but if you're
saying he must be alive because there's
a video just listen to yourself just try
saying that out loud look at the mirror
look in the mirror those who those of
you said Scott you're wrong because
there's a video look in the mirror and
look at the mirror and say to yourself
yes I believe Scott's wrong because
there's a video can you even say that in
the mirror and look yourself in the eye
you know that video doesn't mean
anything you know that right
does this North Korea have the ability
to find some old video tape that might
look like he was he was touring some
facility that looked industrial yeah how
hard would it be to fake that pretty
easy pretty easy right now here's the
fun part
let me if anybody's new to this let me
say I'm mostly having fun here if you
mistakenly think you heard me say I am a
hundred percent sure these are fake
pictures and Kim jong-un is actually
dead I'm not saying that all right I'm
just having fun but can you agree that
the video has no evidentiary value would
you agree with that would you agree that
the evidence the evidentiary value of
the video is zero in 2020 I hope we
agree with that right because if you
thought it was proof I don't know where
you've been for four years because video
is more misleading than than anything
else all right
secondly here's some fun parts now the
next thing I tell you I can't put any
assessment of credibility on okay
somebody says Scott you mentioned video
first though nope
now you can't change the history the
only the thing I saw first was the photo
still photo and then later somebody said
hey there's a video so don't change the
history right so here's the fun part and
I could put no assessment of credibility
on the next thing I tell you
so a Twitter user who shall remain
nameless took that photo and ran it
through apparently there's a piece of
software which is for this purpose to
find that if something's been
photoshopped and the way the software
allegedly works is that it finds edges
so if the edges look either too good or
not good enough that's telling you
something right so there's the the
sharpness of the edges like you know
let's say the difference between Kim
jong-un's body and then his background
that that distinction if it's too sharp
or too fuzzy that should tell you
something based on the software so this
Twitter user took that photo ran it
through the software and what did the
software say well according to him and
I'm not an expert at analyzing the
output of that kind of software
according to him it's unambiguously a
fake somebody is yelling at me in all
caps saying you were angry not funny
what you were angry not funny in all
caps well you get blocked for being
unclear and yelling in capital letters
all right so what do you think so if any
any if any of you can fact check beyond
this I would put I don't put any any
kind of reliability on what I just told
you I don't know that there is such a
thing as a piece of software where they
could reliably indicate whether
something is a Photoshop I don't know if
that's even a thing and if it is a thing
I don't know if it were it was analyzed
correctly after it ran through it so if
somebody could tell me is there software
that allows you to analyze a photo
for photoshop manipulation if that
exists run that photo of Kim jong-un
cutting the ribbon through it and then
tell me in your opinion does it look
like it told you something and and and
let me know if that software seems
reliable I have a researcher set anyway
that's just an open question
ba-ba-boom this flint investigation
stuff is just blowing my mind and I
don't know if you're having the same
experience but I made the mistake of
watching the Netflix special about Waco
at about the same time that all the
Flint information was coming out man you
don't want to do those two things at the
same time do you I mean you don't want
you don't want to be watching the Waco
Netflix special at the same time you're
learning about the Flynn manipulations
to get him to be guilty let me talk
about the Waco thing first so if you're
young or you just weren't following that
so Waco there was a religious cult with
a David Koresh said he was Messiah and
he got a bunch of people to believe him
and live in this compound in Waco and he
convinced the husband's that they should
not sleep with her own wives but only he
could and he was doing them a favor by
having sex with all their wives while
they couldn't because something
something god so that's your basic setup
now I recall what I heard the story he
was sleeping with children and that it
was a big old child sex ring but if you
watch the special that's a little less
clear what is clear is that there was at
least one case in which he apparently
married a 14 year old so yes that's bad
but according to the special that was
actually legal at the time in Texas with
the permission of the parents which he
had so in other words there was no
evidence of David Koresh breaking
the law in Texas at least in that
specific way he had but they had a bunch
of weapons which they were not using
offensively or and had no plans to use
them offensive ly it was just for
self-defense and I think they had the
answer for that but that wasn't the big
problem so anyway the Waco showed the
mismanagement of the FBI and the ATF and
how basically they killed these people
for having different lifestyles
basically they basically just
slaughtered a bunch of people for
disagreeing with it a lifestyle but
living and otherwise legal life they
just didn't want to be bothered by other
people
now you can disagree with all that they
were doing that would be perfectly fair
but the definitely special did I thought
a very balanced job of showing the good
and bad on both sides and so if you ever
thought the FBI was good and the Branch
Davidians were bad that's gonna really
get messed up in your mind by the time
you're done watching this you can't come
away from that special without thinking
that the government has a lot of bad
dudes in it who do bad things
now given that context I'm you know of
course like all of you following this
Flint and stuff and if you just follow
the flim part itself it's just
jaw-droppingly like you can't even
believe it
it doesn't feel like you could be living
in a country where that could have
happened in even lifetime and so I'm
actually having trouble incorporating
this new information about Flynn into
the part of my brain which holds reality
are you having that problem too and it's
not as if we haven't been you know
warned that this was all coming and you
know yeah we saw coming from a mile away
but now that it's all confirmed beyond
beyond any doubt that I have yeah maybe
somebody else has doubt but all of my
doubt has been removed about what was
happening with the Flint situation it's
obvious he was just targeted for
destruction but then the second part is
why was it just that he was a
important part of the Trump
administration well here's the year sort
of gets interesting so ad you McCarthy
writing a National Review basically
makes the case that the reason Flynn was
targeted for destruction is that he was
he was the only one experienced enough
in the new incoming Trump administration
that he would have known their game and
been able to he would have been able to
spot the fact that there was a Kuh and a
Kuh being unfolding the coup meaning
removed removing the president by simply
looking and looking until he found
something illegal or you forced some
error so in other words according to
Andrew McCarthy and it's amazing that he
can write this article and people simply
just read it like you just read it like
it was it was no big deal like you're
reading about the weather it's like I'll
see what injured McCarthy tree huh
yeah members of the government were
overthrowing the legally elected
president Flynn and then as a lawyer
like what what how am i how am i reading
this story like it's just an ordinary
story these were people within the
government who are literally trying to
overthrow the legally elected government
in my lifetime recently there's still
there's still free people they're still
walking around what these people are
guilty of obvious treason treason
something that would have destroyed the
biggest country in the world in terms of
you know that the credibility of US
government and there's still Free People
oh my god it's mind-blowing
now I think Andrew McCarthy goes further
than the evidence does I don't think you
would claim otherwise so I don't think
I'm disagreeing with you here but I
disagree with the I disagree with the
certainty of the conclusion because the
certainty of the conclusion that the
reason that Flynn was targeted was
because he was too
capable and if they got him out of the
way that Trump was just a sitting duck
was nothing but inexperienced people
around him to protect him I can't rule
that out if you said to me what Scott
give me another hypothesis I would say
well maybe it's just as obvious as you
think it is which is they went after
everybody they could get so they thought
they could get flim they had something
they thought they could get him on so
they just what happened so it could have
been they would have gone after anybody
they could get because we've watched the
anti truckers do exactly that if anybody
shows a little bit of weakness like
right now they're going after Michael
Caputo because because he had some
humorously offensive tweets in his past
and that said they were just offensive
they weren't anything else nothing with
an ism on it you know no racism sexism
you could try I mean you could try to
put that stuff on his tweets but they're
really not there he's just being
humorously offensive you know in
character be that the bad guys target
anybody who's prominent in the Trump
world to try to take him out by the way
I'm predicting that in the next month
that I'm good that's going to happen to
me so here's my prediction sometime in
the next 30 days I would expect to be
taken down by somebody in the mainstream
media or otherwise probably probably a
mainstream article here's why because
you noticed yesterday that the president
retweeted me three times and then four
of four times if you count the fact that
he also retweeted a tweet that i
retweeted talking about granite god felt
it while he was talking about on the
five so presumably people who are
watching the presidents and that's a lot
of people probably scratched their head
and said why does the president
retweeting this random guy so much and
at some point they're gonna say to
themselves we need to take this guy out
because his voice is being influential
now if you remember the the 2016
election and you may remember that
Bloomberg did try to take me out
so Bloomberg did a piece on me and it
was obvious that it was a hit piece from
the start like it wasn't anything body
hit piece from the way it was set up to
the way it went and I mistakenly thought
that I was so clever that I would answer
questions in a way that would be so
disarming they even though I knew it was
gonna be hippies it wouldn't work out
the way they wanted it to so that's what
I naively thought would happen what I
didn't count on is them just making
stuff up taking things out of context
you know the usual stuff so there was no
way for me to avoid getting hit in the
hippies even though I thought it might
be clever enough to avoid it now if it
were a live recorded interview nobody's
going to touch me in a live recorded
interview
here's another prediction nobody on the
mainstream media will have me on to any
kind of show between now and Election
Day in a live unedited interview do you
know why I'm too good at it and too good
at it they're not going to have beyond
so it's the same reason as Steve Cortez
got kicked off of SIA that he didn't get
kicked off of see you know because he
didn't do a good job he got kicked off
as he hadn't because he was a little too
good not a little too good he was way
too good because he's really good at
communicating so when Steve Cortez what
would make the case for the president
CNN would be waiting for all the stupid
parts because they you know they try to
they try to get the worst the worst
representative of the other side
somebody who's not good at it so that
yeah their case looks stronger and then
Cortes will go on there and he'll just
slay perfectly reasonable fact-based
shows his work and they'll just be like
maybe you should be on see event anymore
so they they basically just didn't let
him on anymore so that's my prediction
there are some people who were good
enough at communicating that the
mainstream media just won't have them on
live but I do predict that they will try
to entrap me or maybe not even interview
me in which they'll take a bunch of
stuff in a context and they'll dig up
things that are fake news from the past
and they'll put together a little
package
to show that nobody should listen to me
because all those bad things I may or
may not have done so that's my
prediction that I'm probably in the
crosshairs by now anyway
so Andrew McCarthy thinks that getting
rid of Flynn was all part of the bigger
plan
to clear the way to get rid of Trump do
I buy that hypothesis that theory and
the answer is yes yes
meaning certainly that had to be part of
it I would say I would say it's fairly
safe to say that at least a little bit
of their thinking was if you get rid of
capable people around the president yeah
you can you can kind of Whittle from the
outside until you get that seems fair
but I don't know if it's the whole story
so here's the question I would raise
everything Andrew McCarthy said sounds
reasonable to me all the pieces fit
together is shocking but probably true
or at least true directionally I just
feel like there's more to it feels like
there's a little extra context missing
maybe someday we'll have it who knows I
saw a lawyer slash artist I looked at
his profile so I know he's a lawyer
who fancies himself an artist his name
is not important but he made this tweet
he said talking about Joe Biden and
under the hashtag hashtag go Joe
people were saying good things about
Biden and I was having a good time
reading how weak the compliments are for
Biden now think about the things that
Trump supporters have said about Trump
they're like so
off the hook complimentary I mean to the
point where it looks like people are in
a cult that when people praise President
Trump it sounds almost ridiculous
it's so complimentary and here's
somebody who's complimenting Joe Biden
see if it raises rises to the same level
of compliment quote I love his
compassion his integrity and the fact
that he stands against rather than
praises Nazis so this is the best thing
that somebody could say about Joe Biden
three things compassion integrity and he
stands against Nazis instead of praising
them now of course that third thing
never happened right that's based on the
fine people hoaxes
so what are the three things is based on
the most debunked of fake news in the
world all right so one of the things in
favor of Joe Biden is that he didn't do
something that the president also didn't
do in fact nobody did it was just fake
notes so forget about the one who's fake
news but he's got these other two good
points that Joe's got compassion and
integrity and I tweeted back if you know
basically if that's the best you could
do is compassion and there's integrity I
tweeted back that that's the same
qualities than my dog Snickers has but I
disagree with Snickers on policy in
other words is the best qualities you
could come up with for why you like Joe
Biden are words that you might use to
describe your own dog I don't know that
there's a lot of enthusiasm there right
not a lot of enthusiasm there so I would
look for that now apparently the polls
are still showing Joe Biden leading by a
commanding amount and there's something
interesting going on the Republicans are
saying don't worry about it the polls
are fake but experts are saying don't be
so quick to judge these polls as fake
because they're so consistent
they've been consistent for a long time
and they're consistent across polls and
it looks like Joe Biden has a clear path
to the White House
unless I'm just gonna throw this out
there
unless Republicans lied to pollsters and
you know they do now I don't know if
they lie so much that it can close the
six point gap
I don't know that 2020 will be like 2016
and that the pollsters will be surprised
on the final day maybe it could
definitely be different this year but
try to understand why why in the world
would Biden and there's really there's
just nothing there it like he said he's
a bag of dust lying in the corner of
your garage and he is leaving the
president who's got you know actually
really good job performance according to
his party the people who voted for him
so somebody says you caught us I think
there might actually be a difference in
how a Republicans answer the polls but
here's the counterpoint apparently the
2018 midterms people also thought the
polls were wrong because if you ask
people they say I and the polls are
wrong Republicans are gonna do well in
the midterms that's what people thought
but the polls were right so in the
midterm the polls were right would they
be so wrong yeah yeah so it could be the
Trump breaks all the rules so that polls
about Trump are unusually imperfect I
think that's that's very possible
all right where is the slaughter meter
slaughter meter is at 200 percent
assuming that Biden is the actual
eventual candidate on election day if if
Joe Biden is is the candidate on
election day President Ron
I don't know how we could lose really it
is hard for me to envision that the two
of them could go toe-to-toe and that Joe
Biden would be the one who's left and I
can't even I can't even picture it yeah
that's true they did the Republicans do
better than the Senate's somebody says
in the in the comments but we were
taught it was the house that people
predicted the Republicans would do
Penner not just midterms show hasn't
shown his face well maybe it's because
Joe Biden keeps merging with that that
ventriloquist puppet Walter have you
ever seen that puppet who is the famous
ventriloquist always works Vegas he's
got a puppet of an old guy who's got a
permantly down downturned mouth
oh yes ah my mouth is probably I'm tired
like Joe Biden Joe Biden's mouth is
probably downturn when he's just that
rest he looks like the saddest on the
happiest guy what is permanently
downturned mouth do you think we can
elect a guy with a permanently frowny
mouth I don't think so somebody says the
2018 polls said there was going to be a
big blue wave yes that is what I'm
saying as well so let me say clearer in
case I was unclear when people were
asked who they thought would win
Republicans thought that they would do
well even though the polls said they
would not so the polls were accurate but
the people who were asked if the polls
would be accurate and said no they won't
be accurate but they were I hope that's
clear
somebody says Camilla as VP wouldn't
change the dynamics well yeah I mean
whoever the vice president is will
change the dynamics of course course it
will Jeff Dunham yes Jeff Dunham is the
eventual interest with Walter the dummy
thank you for that all right so that is
all I have for today it's more than
enough more than enough to take you into
the greatest ah the greatest day all
weekend
one of the best I think I think you're
gonna go forth and have a good good day
today let's wait for more good news
coming out I'm waiting for more and more
great things to happen and you should
hear some of them today maybe tomorrow
and I'll talk to you tonight you don't