then tenten tenten boom boom hey
everybody come on in here
get in here will there be cursing today
well I don't know it's early I can't
tell ya it sneaks up on me but one thing
I do know is that the people who are
nimble of finger the people who woke up
early you are available for the
simultaneous hip it's one of the things
ever and all you need you know all you
need is a cover of marker glasses mr.
Stein can cellist anchor thermos flask
and team ground goblet vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous scent go oh yes yes yes
yes I would like to start out with an
impression and this will be my
impression of what I call Don Lemon face
now Don Lemon face is not limited to see
it and anchor Don Lemon it's sort of a
CN n face but Don Lemon does it the best
and I was watching him do it
in which he was talking about the Trump
campaign put out a put anomie m--
showing Trump as Thanos from the movie
one of the Avengers movies where he
snaps his fingers and all the seven
impeachment two democrats disappear into
dust and i would like to do Don Lemon
face my impression which is how you turn
a perfectly funny meme which has no real
meaning in the world except it's funny
into a dreadful dreadful thing right
here is
here's a normal person looking at a
humorous meme it's pretty good to forget
did you catch that that's a normal
person watching a funny meme I'll do it
again
watch it's pretty good yeah it's sort of
subtle probably don't laugh out loud
you're just looking at your phone or
your computer now I'd like to give an
impression of Don Lemon having just view
the same meme on live TV what what Oh
what is wrong with them what oh what oh
now the key to it if you'd like to do
Don Lemon to face at home the key to it
is all up here this part of your face
right above the nose you need to get
their wrinkle see this is this is non
Don Lemon face and then this is the
wrinkle there keep the wrinkle you got
to get a couple of good wrinkles there
your eyes need to look sad keep the
mouth down keep the mouth down like this
what what all right I hope you've all
learned that that's that's called Don
Lemon face and it's how you turn
something funny into something horrible
horrible now I'd like to show you that
you can do Don Lemon face for almost
anything it works for every object I'll
I'll find a random object on my desk
here all right here's a bottle of water
here would be normal face when having
the bottle of water bottle of water
kicked I'll taste my bottle of water
good water mmm okay that's the normal
face now I wanted to give you Don Lemon
face when you've been given some water
from a trump campaign
but I don't I don't know what to say is
oh my god whoa kid are we children I
think water
are you serious now water all right I
think that's enough of that possibly too
much so here's my big so the the
funniest thing when there's news like
there was yesterday is watching the
losing team try to explain it now the
losing team in this case is CNN and
everybody on the Left who's been
promoting various fake news for I guess
three years so CNN always trots out
their their opinion people to try to
paper over the the fake news and Stefan
Collinson is my favorite one favorite
because his opinion pieces are so
laughably absurd that they they read
like humor to me and I'm not even joking
I actually read them all the way through
and I'm giggling the whole time because
of how much work he has to do to turn
good things and the bad things and vice
versa so this is what sentence from
Stefan Collinson article today Donald
Trump is looking to survive impeachment
the same way he built his powerful
presidency by assaulting facts and
seeking to expand the limitations of the
office he is accused of abusing does
that sound even slightly similar to the
major news of yesterday when you hear
this sentence does that map to what you
experienced yesterday would you watch
the news because I did not see the
president expanding the limitations of
his office of course he's always
assaulting facts
but but I don't know which one in
particular because it does seem to me
that the Horowitz thing pretty much
pretty much completely cleared Evan
Eunice's view of what the findings would
be completely showed that Adam Schiff
was lying about what he saw before we
got to see the phone Horowitz report so
now that you know with complete clarity
that the some of the worst claims that
the president was making about the FBI
were all true all true what do you do
with that
so CNN is spinning and looking for some
way to make this a bad thing for the
president but it's not now you may have
noticed that yesterday I was in a bad
mood anybody anybody catch that some of
you may have noticed I was a little bit
a little bit mad
and I was trying to examine why it was
that I was so mad yesterday and I
actually didn't know I was actually
wondering if it was you know some some
cold meds I'd taken or what it was and
so I went back and I looked at the the
video clip that triggered me it was a
video clip of the seven Democrats
pretending to be sad while they
announced the impeachment impeachment
grounds I guess and here's here I guess
what's bothering me when President Trump
fails the fact-checking it's because
he's failing a fact an actual fact so in
other words he says the fact and then
the fact checkers say no the fact is
this so there's a difference of a fact
and I've said this often but when the
president does that is either a trivial
difference meaning in the real world
that doesn't make any difference or it's
directionally correct in other words you
might exaggerate
thing that's good or exaggerated
something that's bad but that's good
leadership style if you're a leader
it does help though in other words it's
just useful for the job of leader to
exaggerate what you did well
so people have confidence and they they
think the economy is going to be doing
well and they they invest and likewise
it's good to exaggerate what's going
wrong so that people will pay attention
and they'll put resources there etc so
the way the president fails the
fact-checking is in a way that is either
benign or useful typically I'm not sure
maybe somebody can find an exception but
as a general rule of his 13,000 or so
violations of the fact-checking they're
either benign or leadership useful now
compare that to what Adam shifted which
is read you read the investigation
materials ahead of time and then
completely lie about it just blatantly
lie about what was in it while Devon
newness read the same materials and now
we know that's confirmed that Devon
earnest was completely accurate mostly
about the FISA abuse and now that we
know that compared Adams shifts lie to
the way the president fails the
fact-checking was shift sly unimportant
it was not it was really really
important we're talking about lies that
could pull apart the entire Republic
were they directionally correct in other
words were they moving the country in a
positive direction not even a chance
because everything was going well the
economy was going well
etc removing a sitting president
especially this close to an election is
all bad there's no good in that and the
transparent really stupid lie that the
Democrats are telling is well we've got
to be careful because he's gonna use
another country again to try to try to
rig the election is the weakest
rationalization anybody ever heard so I
don't think you can compare the
president's continuous departure from
the facts which he even labels as
hyperbole I mean he told us before he
was elected literally wrote a book
called the art of the deal in which he
says in clear language I use hyperbole
hyperbole works really well and then he
used it in the election anyone and then
he uses it as president and and things
are going really well in the economy and
in general now so I this is a long way
of saying here's what I figured out
about what bothered me so much about the
7 the 7 dwarfs the Democrats who
announced impeachment what bothered me
was they weren't lying about facts
because when you lie about facts that
just feels routine doesn't it you know
if you see a politician lying over facts
doesn't matter if it's a Democrat or a
Republican you kind of just brush that
off right because you like yeah you know
you brush that off but here I think is
what was bothering me the Democrats were
not at least in that announcement about
the impeachment articles they were not
lying about facts because they weren't
really presenting facts they were lying
emotionally what I mean was there was
seven people that you know were glad to
be there and glad to be announcing
impeachment for the president they've
been working for three years to make it
make it happen and they were actually
lying with their faces about their
emotions and
thank you oh stop it and I wanted to
call up a picture of this you can
actually see the seven of them because
they all had to work hard at at unhappy
face and I have to tell you that there's
the way it registers with me is
completely different if you lie about a
fact while doing the job of politician
what is your what is your impression
about that well the first thing I say is
is it you know is it hyperbole in the
right direction
is it a trivial lie it's just something
somebody says to bolster the record or
whatever simple factual lies don't mean
a lot in politics because we we just
discount them but an emotional lie makes
me want to kill them not really
nobody should get killed I'm just saying
that from a just a biological reflex
when I see all seven of them lying
emotionally to pretend it that it's a
solemn moment when you know it's not
that doesn't it doesn't hit me the same
way that feels much the way let me give
you an example when you go to buy a car
you know how the dealer always lies to
you to your face I hate buying cars now
I'm capable of negotiating well you know
I can do it but I hate the process more
than I hate any other fake commercial
process and the reason is that the car
salesman looks you right in the eye and
lies to you while he knows that you know
he's lying to you that's not the same as
anything else because usually when you
lie you've got some expectation that the
person is at least uncertain well might
be true or baby they believe it that
would be an ordinary
but when you know somebody's lying and
this is the part that gets me they know
that you know they're lying right to you
right to your face I don't know if we
can do this we're losing money on this
deal I'd better talk to my manager in
the back
I'm I'd like to get you the deal I'm
gonna do what I can with my manager to
try to get you the good deal now when
the car dealer lies to you like that
he's lying to you in facts but he's also
lying to you emotionally he's looking
you right in the eye and pretending that
he's working for you instead of himself
and his boss you know none of that's
true you know it with complete certainty
there's no ambiguity in that situation
whatsoever and so there's gonna be a
little swearing coming up are you ready
if you got you know young ones at home
your mouse on won't be a lot of swearing
in this one but what I'm talking about
car salesman
I hate him all right so I don't
have that reaction to anybody else in
the commercial world if I'm negotiating
with somebody which I do all the time
you know be even being a cartoonist I
have lots of contracts and negotiations
and of course you you know that the
other side is exaggerating and playing
their case and you know you're doing
your thing all Dorma but the car dealer
looks you right in the eye and lies to
you when you know he's lying and you
know he knows you're lying and he lies
emotionally and factually that
 I hate him
every time I've never bought a car
without walking out absolutely
hating the salesperson every time so so
that's the experience that I had
watching the seven Democrats it was like
the car salesman pretending oh I'm
working for you I'm gonna try to get you
in a good car oh
all right so I'll try to calm down
you see what it did today
like I was completely in a good mood
before I even started talking about that
topic but when people lie to you
emotionally and you know they're lying
to you emotionally and they won't drop
the act
I just have no use for them I have no
use for them the Democrats now are
saying that multiple impeachments are
likely in other words if this this one
doesn't work they'll just they'll just
queue up another one doesn't that
dismiss the entire system as nothing but
BS I mean even if you even if you were
on the fence and you thought to yourself
well maybe there's something to this
impeachment stuff wouldn't that tell you
there's nothing to it
isn't that all you need to know so let's
talk about a few other things
representative Matt gates continues to
be the most entertaining Republican who
is not named President Trump he had a
line and a tweet that was really good if
you remember the the testimonies the
other day in the House Judiciary
Committee and one of the people
testifying was actually a major
Democratic donor which is mind-boggling
when you think about it that there was a
lawyer there who was a major donor to
the Democratic report II trying to
pretend as if he's just being a lawyer
that day and here's how Matt Gaetz
describes it in his tweet he said Gates
goes where I'm from you stand behind
your work if representative Adam Schiff
really believes the president should be
impeached Jeff should have shown up and
taken our questions instead it was quote
take your donor to work day in the House
Judiciary Committee take your donor to
work day that's really good
take your donor to work day
the reason that's good is that you you
read it and then you chuckle about it
for an hour or later because it's like
that's pretty good take your daughter to
work day alright so keep an eye on Matt
Gaetz because he's going to be your
president someday don't know when but
someday you should read an article in
Rolling Stone by Matt Taibbi Matt Taibbi
as you know is well he isn't a small
group of I don't know on the planet
earth or what seven billion people or so
there are probably five or maybe six
people on the entire planet who were
capable of writing an objective article
about politics I seriously I'm not even
joking there might be five or six people
on the whole stupid planet of seven
billion people who are even capable much
less willing but just capable of writing
an objective article so he did it again
every time Matt Taibbi
writes something if I see it I'm
probably gonna recommend it because it's
just such good writing so he he called
out one he's really good at getting to
the central heart of things and you know
yesterday was very confusing because the
news was just this dense wall of claims
and counterclaims and so waiting for
somebody like Taibbi to pull out the
things that are worth knowing is really
good practice because he's sort of look
he's penetrating the complexity and
because he's such a good writer he can
find the way to simplify it to the parts
you want to know here's an example this
is from tigey's article in Rolling Stone
he says in one episode an FBI attorney
inserted the words quote not a source in
an email he'd received from another
government agency this disguised the
fact the page talking about Carter page
had been an informant for that agency
what
somehow I missed this yesterday I think
I sort of heard it but maybe I didn't
you know there was just so much going on
I heard it and it just got lumped in
with all of the things I was hearing but
there was an actually FBI attorney key
word attorney who inserted the words in
other words this was a choice not in not
an oversight
he put into a document that wasn't
already there the words not a source
when that was exactly the opposite of
what Carter Page was he had been a
source and if the paperwork had known
that all along
in other words if the FISA Court had
known that along it could have changed
their opinion of things it certainly
would have changed my opinion of things
and then then that attorneys email got
passed along and ended up being part of
the process for the FISA warrant against
page now there are some things you could
look at and say to yourself well maybe
that's incompetence and maybe this is
incompetence the thing you can't rule
out is that this FBI attorney didn't
know it's possible I mean maybe you
didn't know but certainly this is either
well here's the thing
if the FBI attorney didn't know if
Carter page had ever been a source if he
didn't know how could he be sure that it
wasn't so somebody says it was a typo
well maybe possible so I suppose it
could have been a mistake but that's
that one you really have to pay
attention to and then I had not heard
this exact quote from the horowitz
report because you know all the talk is
about whether the steel dossier was
essential or non-essential and this is
what Horowitz said quote we determined
that the cross for our hurricane teams
receipt of Steel's election reporting on
September 9
played a central and essential role and
the FBI is and Department's decision to
seat the FISA order
it was central and essential meaning it
wouldn't have happened without it that
is a big deal because we know now that
the steel dossier was completely
debunked and fairly early on and then
the Horowitz report this is according to
tie be said is especially hostile to
shifts claim that the FBI provided
additional information obtained through
multiple independent sources that
corroborated Steele's reporting in other
words that was an absolute and complete
lie from chef now she has stood in from
the country and told these lies multiple
times I believe and these are lies that
could actually destroy the Republic
here's my question Congress what are you
doing about Adam Schiff now I've heard
all the claims against the President and
I've dismissed them as largely
unimportant but somebody says you're
lying Scott well I'm not but you just
got banned goodbye all right I could be
mistaken um but I'm certainly not lying
all right and and so I ask that question
again so there's this character who we
know with complete certainty now Adam
chef we know that he was lying we know
that he know he knew he was lying
because it's obvious what he looked at
and then it's obvious what he said he
looked at which is just effort so we
know he's been lying now for years and
that the net effect of that was to
almost remove a president from office
and to put the country into terrible
turmoil and so I ask yourself could you
trust the Republican Party if they did
not try to have him removed from his job
because I don't know you know what it
takes to be removed as a representative
or as a senator if maybe the process is
a little different for each so I don't
know what the process is but they do
have the process for things that are
just so bad that you have to get rid of
them and doesn't chef have to go now
maybe maybe it won't be successful but
can you seriously tell me that the
Republicans would be doing the job of
the people if they don't at least try
now I'm sure the Democrats will protect
him but doesn't the country need to see
why he's done to the country
I mean he's attacked the country for his
political advantage he actually attacked
the country that is the worst thing I've
ever seen from from the politician I
think who wasn't named Hillier all right
let's see what else we got going on are
you sick of the phrase from the
Democrats we can walk and chew gum at
the same time so they keep saying that
and they're saying it especially
connected to the u.s. MCA which it looks
like that there's now some movement to
get that thing passed we'll see
Mitchell Connell strategically delayed
it so that they can't get their victory
the Democrats can't have anything good
for Christmas but also neither can the
country so I have mixed feelings about
Mitch McConnell delaying that until
after a Pietschmann it's politically and
strategically it's probably pretty
clever nobody said that Mitch McConnell
is not clever probably pretty clever but
does that help you you and me let me ask
you if everybody on both sides Democrats
and Republicans agree that this us MCA
thing is very important and they're
apparently there are enough votes people
think it'll get passed pretty easily
what do you think of Mitch McConnell
saying that he'll delay it for a month
or whatever to get past the impeachment
hearings what do you think of that how
can you like that can you make any
argument that Mitch McConnell is doing
the work of the people by delaying this
for a purely naked political purposes no
Mitch McConnell you this this law
is supported by the left and the right
and it's good for the people of the
country and you just delayed it you
you just elated a month just to make a
shower Justin but to score some points
you are a sorry did I
tell you I wasn't gonna swear anymore
how can you be happy with your own team
let's say you're a Republican if you're
a Republican how could you be happy with
Mitch McConnell delaying for a month
something that's good for the country
unambiguously and everybody wants it and
the votes are there and the Democrats
have said we can walk and chew gum at
the same time we can certainly take a
vote how can you support Mitch McConnell
delaying that thing just to make a score
a cheap political point
he needs to be voted out of office for
that alone all right seriously if he had
it if Mitch McConnell had you know
whatever he's got 40 years of great
service and you thought you know every
better that was great everything he did
for 40 years I agreed with it was
terrific
still delaying this for a month for no
reason other than politics should get
you fired if he worked for any of you if
you were his boss and he delayed this
for month when the entire country knows
it's good for the country and he did it
for naked political reasons no question
about it there's no ambiguity you know
there's nobody arguing the other side
wouldn't you fire him I mean you should
right you should fire him immediately
that's a fireable offense in the
normal business world no matter what
your record is so Mitch McConnell you
got some explainin to do there because I
think you should be fired for that all
right
as if firing is a real thing all right
let's see what else we got there's some
chatter according to Politico the Joe
Biden who's already 77 is sort of
talking softly privately about maybe
being a one-term president so Joe Biden
is trying to soften the impact of his
age by saying you know I just do one
little term I won't be running for
reelection when I'm in my 80s I'll be
serving as president in my 80s but I
won't run for re-election so just give
me one term a little transitional term
just just to get us out of the Trump ear
and then you know we'll work it out
after that so and then some advisors
apparently are thinking well maybe he
should announce it because otherwise his
side will be spooked that they might
like him now but even they might be
worried about a second term so they're
thinking maybe it'd be better if we just
say right from the start he's just gonna
do one term what would you think of that
idea from a persuasion perspective from
a persuasion perspective Biden's dead
either way the the fact that he's
talking about not being able to be
confident for a second term because
that's really what this is if Biden is
talking about in advance saying I won't
run for a second term he is really
acknowledging that he's too old would
you vote for a president who couldn't
reasonably serve a second term well in
this special case maybe but I don't
think this is one so that looks more
like Biden has no chance than anything
I've seen because that's his own team
saying he doesn't have a chance it's one
thing when the opponent's say you can't
win but if your own team
is telling you maybe just one term one's
good you don't need two terms one might
be good if you're hearing that from your
own team you don't have a chance
I guess birdie is surging in some polls
but could Bernie have any chance of
winning in the general election I'm
trying to think who would lose the
hardest in a general election let me let
me ask you this question who would lose
the hardest in the general election
wouldn't it be Bernie
don't you think Bernie would lose the
hardest it here's my thinking Elizabeth
Warren is younger and energetic fresh
you know she hasn't already lost the
presidential election but she at least
she's got the woman thing going for her
so she'll at least get women
what does Bernie get Bernie has got his
big socialist plan that will destroy the
entire economy as far as we know and it
will take the best to come and we've
ever had and it'll basically eviscerate
it how in the world does that beat Trump
because Bernie you know it doesn't have
a natural constituency within the
Democratic Party you know he's not black
he's not a woman he's not a he's not gay
he's not anything he's just a boring old
white guy with the worst economic plan
that's ever been conceived how does that
win if you replaced him with aoc I'd be
telling you something different if you
just switched out Bernie for a I'm
saying let's say she when she was old
enough to run for president I would have
a completely different opinion because
I'd say oh no no AI would say she's
gonna get women she's gonna get people
to color she's gonna get people who just
say she's talking hyperbolically maybe
they don't believe that she's gonna do
what what they think Bernie would do if
you if you just slotted in aoc to
replace Bernie I'd say that that would
be a dangerous candidate but Bernie
that's that's Trump landslide material
there's more chatter about Clinton
Hillary Clinton getting into the race at
the last minute and apparently she's
even pulling pulling near that pulling
at the top if she were to jump in
tomorrow the Democrats would prefer her
but but the preference is only let like
21 percent and then the second best
would be a 21 20 percent so now really I
I would say that if you only have 21
percent and you actually won the popular
vote the last car out and this time
you're down to 21 percent if people have
my choices you or other candidates I
don't know how you read statistics but
the way I read it as if only 21 percent
would want Hillary Clinton in the race
even if that's the highest percentage of
all the other candidates it's only 21
percent she won the popular vote
just recently if you're already down to
21 percent your party is sickie you so I
will say again the Hillary Clinton and
this is a compliment
Hillary Clinton is very smart
generally speaking right now I I know I
always say you hate it when I do this
when I give a compliment to people that
you don't like but I always think it's
important it's a good practice for you
or let's say you're biased checking it's
just a good practice to make sure that
you can compliment somebody on the other
side for something something that they
do well and Hillary Clinton's is super
smart and if you're super smart you know
this is a bad move to get into the race
now even your own party would hate your
guts
so the slaughter meters at 200 percent
all right um
Tom cotton Senator Tom cotton has
introduced some legislation or I guess
he's about to they expect him to in
which it would subject the cartels the
Mexican cartels to terrorist group
designations so that we could use some
of the tools that we use against
terrorism I don't think this includes
military action I think it's more about
banking and you know what kind of
penalties they get if they're quiet
cetera but some have suggested that that
would extend it to if somebody was a
just a drug dealer in this country and
they were selling drugs that they got
from the cartel that they could get a
life sentence for selling presumably
opioids that came from the cartel ask me
what I think of that down I would say
that any dealer in the United States who
is selling fentanyl and I will make a
I'll make an exception for quantity
alright if you're just somebody who
bought some pills to share with your
friends or something you're technically
a dealer but that's not really what I'm
talking about I'm talking about somebody
whose job their actual job is to sell
fentanyl into the United States and they
know that fentanyl came from the cartel
under those those situations I'm in
favor of a life sentence for the dealer
or for execution I would also be in
favor of capital punishment for a
fentanyl dealer in the United States who
did it as a job not not just somebody
who casually passed them on now as you
know the President of Mexico as asked
President Trump to sort of hold off on
designating the cartels as a terrorist
organization I don't know if this tom
cotton legislation is coming up is
exactly the same as what the president
was talking about in designated in them
a terrorist organization I don't know I
don't know if they if they overlap or
map together but you know the President
of Mexico said hold off on that and is
there any other way to intern
that other than the Mexican government
is is unable to move against the cartels
because it's just too dangerous it makes
me wonder if you shouldn't have some
kind of an international let's say let's
say an international what do you call it
mercenary army who is let's say
associated with some other country or or
maybe there let's say it's an
international mercenary armory so that
the members of the army are coming from
lots of different countries so that no
single country can be blamed and let's
say their funding is on is ambiguous
let's say the funding is ambiguous so
you don't even know who funded them
could you send somebody like that down
to deal with the cartels
because nobody knows who their family
members are you know they wouldn't even
have real identities and stuff so that
there could be no retaliation directly
because you wouldn't even know what
country you wouldn't know who is funding
them you don't know who their families
are you need some kind of an
Untouchables situation against the
cartels so perhaps all right all right
here's the question let me just ask this
question I don't know if this is legal
or illegal so I'm not suggesting it
because I think I might go to jail if I
suggest it so I'm just going to ask the
question whether this is like a thing
that could work or not work
suppose you had some kind of go fund me
where the public could contribute by
crypto let's say they could buy Bitcoin
and fund this thing I don't know doesn't
the details no matter but that you could
fund mercenaries for a specific purpose
and the specific purpose would be to to
take care of the cartels suppose it was
just publicly funded and it was funded
by millions of Americans who gave a few
dollars
well the cartels are not going to get
revenge against an American who donated
ten dollars to
go fund me that went to you know that
you know you'd all be safe because she
only gave ten dollars and there would be
millions of you so it wouldn't even
necessarily have to be the US government
could you would it be legal in other
words in this country would it be legal
to start a GoFundMe that's only purpose
was to hire a mercenary army to go kill
the cartels is that is that legal yeah I
don't know could somebody tell me if
that is that's crowdsourcing a contract
hit and it's still illegal is it let's
say let's say you would it be illegal to
do a contract hit on a known terrorists
maybe it might be actually could you do
a contract hit on the head of Isis you
know knowing that the government also
wanted to kill him but let's say that
you were a private citizen and you put
together a mercenary and you killed the
same terrorist that the United States
was actively also trying to kill would
that be illegal it might be it might be
now let's say it is illegal in this
country to have a to have a gofundme
that puts a hit on an individual would
it be illegal to have a go fund me their
funds a defensive military I don't know
because you're not really targeting
individuals it's a security situation so
I know I just have some questions but my
my main point here is that the cartels
have probably grown so powerful that
governments can't can't deal with them
and if governments can't deal with them
you need another process what is the
other process if it's not governments
what is it and the United States doesn't
want to go rogue because you know we
have to be a respectful nation and deal
with especially our neighbor
nations on a government-to-government
you know was a traditional way so even
our government can't go down there and
solve that problem because their
government can't do it so what do you do
if governments can solve the problem
what do you do could you create any
legal situation that would allow people
to donate money to a paramilitary
organization to go take care of it I
don't know I know somebody says no it's
not legal to privately fund
assassinations but what if it's not an
assassination what if it's a defensive
force and you say there the cartels are
attacking the United States killing tens
of thousands of people a year all true
through their drugs if you defend
against that is it illegal to pay
somebody to guard your house it's
probably illegal to hire a guard to hunt
somebody down and shoot him that's
probably illegal but let's agree that's
illegal all right
apparently the reason that the quid pro
quo and the bribery stuff was taken out
of the articles of impeachment is that
they could be used against Biden that
just tells you everything about how
messed up the system is that the primary
thing the primary problem that they were
wanted to impeach the president for they
ended up taking it out because it would
it would take out their primary
candidate he was polling at the top of
the polls that tells you everything
right is there anything else you need to
know then they had to change their
articles of impeachment so it didn't
take out their own guy kind of funny
here here's a line or I forgot to read
this this was also from CNN's Stephan
Collinson in his opinion piece and he
said though former special counsel
robert muller did not find a conspiracy
between the Trump's team and russia
he did find alarming evidence that the
president expected to profit from
Russian election meddling and I thought
to myself really does that is that a
true statement
that the president expected to profit
from Russian election meddling did you
see anything like that from the Muller
report because that looks new to me
would you say that's an accurate
statement now how do we know what the
president expected
isn't that a mind-reading thing we might
know for example that the president
asked in public for Russia to you know
give us Hillary's email or something
which most of us took as a joke but did
he expect the profit like he expected
that would work at what point was he
expecting to profit you know the the
article just slips us in here without
any backup or quote from the report that
would support this statement that the
president expected to profit from a
Russian election meddling what I feel
like that was just something made up I
mean it must be based on some kind of
thinking but I don't really know what it
came from all right
and more bad news for Democrats I would
say Democrats had one of the worst days
they've ever had yesterday wouldn't you
say you always have to watch your bias
because it's easy to think your team won
even when the other team thinks they
want so wouldn't you say what's your
opinion it looks to me like yesterday
was the most devastating and crushing
day of defeat for the Democrats that
I've maybe ever seen in my lifetime I
can't think of any individual day that
was worse for Democrats in terms of
their future as a party than yesterday
can you well what give me one example of
anything has ever been worse let's say
in my lifetime
worse for Democrats any day that was
ever worse than that I can't fake the
one you can think of days that were
worse for Republicans Richard Nixon
getting impeached
that's bad day for Republicans well what
was a worst day for Democrats that was
pretty bad
in more fake news Trump is getting ready
to sign or maybe he signed an executive
order to protect Jews in this country so
I don't know the details it's a little
confusing but there's something about
the way things are classified that is
incomplete
and so in order to have the rule give
added protection to Jews in this country
there's some executive order that needs
to add a little bit extra protection so
this is Trump signing an executive order
that the American Jewish population
wants is for their benefit they've asked
for it it is directly and expressly only
for protecting that part of the American
population what did the New York Times
tweet well the New York Times botched
the tweet and made it sound like it was
something it wasn't and that kicked off
a wave of attacks on the president for
being anti-semitic that's right
everything you need to know about
politics is in this one story the
president did something that the Jewish
population of this country asked for and
wanted and is unambiguously good for
them as well as the rest of us because
it's you know it's protecting them as a
classroom I think from hate crimes and
by protecting that part of the
population and then the fake news gets
in and reverses its meaning and then
turns it into an anti-semitic thing
literally the opposite of what it was
however in funnier news apparently
yesterday Joe Biden was on the rally
circuit our is on the campaign sir okay
and once again he repeated the the known
and debunked hoax that the president
once called the do Nazis in
Charlottesville fine people those of you
who follow this periscope and pay
attention know that the President did
not say that they actually explicitly
said that that group should be condemned
totally he said that he said it in
direct words but the quote when taken
out of context by the fake news they can
take they can take a piece of it in a
context and it reverses its meaning and
that's that's how the entire fine people
started this as something was taken out
of context well the Trump campaign
managed to dig up an old video of Joe
Biden talking about the United Daughters
of the Confederacy as quote an
organization made up of many fine people
who continue to display the Confederate
flag now it was an old video so I don't
know might have been twenty or thirty
years old it looked pretty old but Joe
Biden is out on the campaign trail
complaining that the president called
the racist fine people which did not
happen literally the opposite of what
happened fake news at the same time he's
out there there's a video that the Trump
campaign is tweeting around showing that
he called supporters of the Confederate
flag which by 2019 standards completely
different than thirty years ago but by
2019 standards and by standards I don't
mean everybody agrees than or now I'm
just saying that the let's say the
consensus of opinion has changed that if
you're displaying a confederate flag
Democrats at least will think you are a
racist that's her own standard the
Democrats believe as a party
I'm not saying you need to believe it
and it's not a claim I'm making I'm just
saying that the Democrats have a very
strong standard that if you want to
march around with a confederate flag you
are a damn racist period and so Joe
Biden is on tape calling them and it
couldn't be funnier because he used
exactly the same phrase many fine people
who continued to display the Confederate
flag so this brings me back to something
that Tucker Carlson has been saying for
a long time that the first the first 50
times I heard Tucker Carlson say this I
shook my head and set talker
yeah that's an over claim you've gone
too far you're you're dealing in some
kind of magical thinking Tucker what
Tucker says which I could not find any
logical basis for is that whatever the
Democrats accused Republicans of is what
they themselves are doing and the first
time he said that I said to myself
that's this so partisan that's just like
there's no logic there there's no
there's no survey there's no I mean
there's just nothing that would support
the sentence there what everything the
Democrats do or what they accuse the
Republicans of and then day after day he
shows examples of it almost every day in
the headlines the Democrats are accusing
Republicans of something which you can
very easily show is an activity they
engage in this week for example Adam
Schiff and Nancy Pelosi were engaged in
a massive public abuse of power while
fakely claiming that the president was
abusing his power to try to impeach him
and I thought to myself how can this
keep being true how can it be so true
because I don't think there's a I don't
think there's I still don't think
there's any logical connection to it in
other words every time they do something
wrong
as Democrats I don't think that they
then say oh let's accuse the other side
of this because we're doing it wrong I
don't think it's some kind of direct
connection but the number of times it's
true is staggering and and it makes me
think that you know Tucker's observation
which he reinforces almost every night
is really right on and I don't know how
to explain it and it is really
consistent yeah somebody says it's a
hundred percent true I think that's
actually accurate that at least within
the political realm it does literally
seem to be true there's something close
to a hundred percent of the time they're
blaming you for things that are actively
doing at the time or have done recently
don't know why but there it is I think
those are all the fun things we had to
talk about today yes it is so once again
I asked the question how does Adam
Schiff keep his job and why aren't the
Republicans going after him for this
abuse of power if there's anybody who
knows about a candidate who's running
against Adam Schiff in California that
candidate be a Democrat or be they in in
a primary or be they Republican I would
like to help so I'd like to offer my
services if somebody's running against
Adam Schiff I will give you some free
advice just contact me on Twitter all
right that's all I got for now and I
will talk to you later