boom boom boom boom
pom pom pom pom pom papa
hey everybody come on in here you know
you probably asked yourself what is the
best thing about my day and this will be
you talking to yourself not me talking
to myself you probably say to yourselves
the best part of the day oh it's
probably that time when I have the
simultaneous sip in the morning with
that cartoonist guy who doesn't know the
words to the song bum bum bum bum
well you're in luck because that moment
is upon us it's the moment when all the
dopamine in your body comes out to party
it starts the day right it's a little
bit of togetherness a little bit of
feeling connected to your fellow human
being and your lady human being is it
sexist to say fellow human being
it might be but we don't need to solve
that right now what we need right now is
well I think you know I think you know
what you need right now it goes like
this you need a cup or a mug or glasses
tie the chalice a tankard maybe a
thermos of Laska can't eat a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous nth unparalleled
pleasure dopamine good stuff so in no
particular order let's talk about some
stuff that's happening so apparently the
Supreme Court gave a victory to the
trumpet administration and is going to
allow them to use defense funds for
defending the country now I know is seen
to you like it might be a close call but
yes our Supreme Court is on it they're
on it and they've decided that you can
make a budget and then you can you can
decide where that budget goes exactly so
if you've got a defense budget
apparently you can divert some of that
to any kind of defense that makes sense
in this
a wall and I'll tell you the thing that
fascinates me about this is do any of
you know how much wall has been built or
approved or how much needs to be built
because I keep thinking I'm getting a
handle on that
you know I'll hear a number don't say
okay that's I'll hold that number in my
mind that's the number of miles that we
want to you know have a wall or some
kind of a barrier and then I'll say okay
how much are we actually getting done
how much is funded and it always seems
like some small amount and then somebody
will say and that's not even new new
area it's just rebuilding the wall they
had some problems but I say to you this
if this wall situation is like every
other situation in the entire world
there are some parts of it that are very
important to protect and there are other
parts that are less important so if the
if the areas that they're doing right
away even if solely you know a hundred
miles here there that might be the most
important hundred miles so we could be
getting a bigger bang for the buck than
the numbers indicate but I don't really
know and what I love about this is that
the president has I would say he's
created a reality where none existent
and then the actual reality is probably
going to follow the artificial reality
that the president has created the
artificial reality is that he's going to
get funding for a wall he's gonna start
building the wall and he'll just keep
going until there's enough wall so he's
created that impression in many people's
minds that that process has already
begun and indeed it has already begun
but it does make a difference if it's
tiny versus its significant but
psychologically it doesn't make much
difference because if you're anti-trump
or pro Trump put anti wall or pro wall
you're still hearing stories about wall
getting built you're hearing people
argue well it's 50 miles or it's 100
miles or he's got approval for 300 or
he's got approval for Audra
but every time you hear that story what
you're hearing is some wall is getting
built so the president is starts with
making you feel and think it visualize
it until you can't imagine that no wall
will get built it becomes impossible to
imagine a world where no wall ever gets
built and then he reports that walls
getting built now were his first reports
of walls being built exactly accurate
does he do that is this the president
who always gets all the details exactly
accurate
no he's the president who knows how to
create reality and another and in this
case he created a reality in which some
wall was getting built critics would say
there's no wall being built
there's just funding that we already had
to fix up some walls that already
existed and so some people say there's
nothing happening that wasn't going to
happen anyway
and others say well he promised us a
wall and sure enough we're hearing the
reports that there's a wall getting
built so I think the president has and
he'll never get credit for this sort of
thing because it's sort of invisible but
he's created reality he sold the reality
maybe shading the details of what's a
what's a rehab versus what's new wall
maybe shading the details of what
budgets already been approved long ago
and what's new money so maybe those
details got shaded a little bit but at
the end of it the entire country is
under the impression that the
government's building a wall and they're
not really going to see any bad from
that are they there's nobody who's gonna
hear a story that says they built a wall
and therefore somebody died or something
because of the wall I mean there might
be a construction accident but that's
not what I'm talking about so you're not
gonna hear anything negative that the
wall broke is one of those
things where it could take years before
you even know if it's making a
difference so you're gonna hear all the
success stories every time a block gets
picked out border pipe gets stuck in the
ground or whatever they're doing to
build walls so I think the president's
created this perfect situation well we
have the impression that the wall is
inevitable
the wall is already being built and
there are some little questions about
where the money comes from the
government's working it out that's
exactly where the president wants
everybody to be thinking now you might
say to yourself Scott Scott Scott the
details matter
he's not building enough wall well let
me ask you this how much wall does he
need to build for the people who are
thinking about coming across the border
to imagine it's getting harder to come
across the border the border is largely
psychological now when I say the border
is likely is largely psychological with
or within a wall if people were in you
know incentivized enough it was a matter
of life or death they could get across
you know they could figure out a way it
would just be really really hard so
there's a psychological element which is
you thinking okay this is harder than
I'm willing to take on so the psychology
of it he consistently gets right that's
the real story there I I'm seeing this
debate new topic on whether white
supremacists mass murderers are worse
than jihadis and that we must all be
racists if we're worried about radical
Islamic terrorists but we're not worried
about white supremacists murders because
the history recently is mostly white
supremacists related murder and so
people say hey if you're gonna go by the
numbers if you're gonna be rational
these white supremacists racking up the
body count so they're the ones you need
to worry about and the the radical jihad
that jihadists haven't really killed
anybody lately in the mainland at least
not in homeland and so they say that the
white supremacists are the big risk to
which I say what's wrong with your brain
is there something that something
happened did you have a terrible
accident which injured your ability to
think because you don't judge future
risk by past experience if you're smart
you don't say what has happened before
and that's gonna tell me what's going to
happen in the future how many times has
has there been a nuclear war that killed
us all zero times how worried are the
are we that we'll have a nuclear war
plenty worried all right how many times
has North Korea nuked the United States
zero never happened should we therefore
say well there's no risk
North Korea's never nuked us before does
that make sense it does not so when
you're looking at risk you can't look at
the the body count for the past month or
a year or even ten years you have to
look at this situation what are the
variables that are in play if if the
only thing that was mattering you know
that sentence made no sense let me try
that again
backing up remember let's say
hypothetically that there had never been
an elbonian
who came to the United States and killed
anybody never happened not a single
person from the country of elbonia every
Kames the United States had hurt anybody
but we also have credible information
that they're trying to get a dirty bomb
and they've made threats that they want
to use the dirty bomb in the United
States under those conditions should we
be concerned about del bode ins or
should we say you know they haven't
killed anybody yet let them in of course
you should be concerned so anybody who's
just counting bodies and saying okay
well our risk of the future is based on
these numbers from the past you are
experiencing loser think that is not
good thinking
it's not a question of good or bad
opinions that's just bad thinking which
is different you could have different
opinions based on different priorities
and experienced everything else but if
you think that future risk is based on
what we've experienced recently that's
not an opinion that's just something
wrong with the thinking and you should
know the difference so there's story
about apparently a gigantic bust if
somebody used to be a police officer
some kind of police officer in Mexico by
using the United States down you got
busted with enough I think it was
fentanyl or car fentanyl or something to
kill millions of people and of course
people are saying how long before that's
not a drone and the answer is not long
because there are people who have drones
and there are people who have vials of
the worst stuff in the world it's just
not going to be that long before
somebody puts them together now don't
worry about me giving people that idea
because trust me that idea is plenty
obvious but I do worry that there'll be
a time when just nobody wants to go to
public events you know they it's
possible that in our lifetime you won't
see public events anymore where people
all go to a place and stand in the same
place and there's a stadium or something
might might just come to an end but
maybe not right away here's an
interesting story I tweeted this around
because what make it what made it
remarkable is the way CNN reported it so
CNN had an article in which they talked
about the federal change to make capital
punishment a thing again so apparently
that the states could have their own
laws about capital punishment but on top
of that the federal government could
have a death penalty for federal
offenses there are fewer of them
compared
to the number of people that the states
are prosecuting but they exist and the
Trump administration has reversed a
policy that's been in place for a number
of years which they weren't pursuing any
any deaths but apparently Trump
administration will now I talked about
this before one of the funny and smart
things that they're doing this
apparently if they're going to execute a
white supremacist first okay it doesn't
get any better than that politically
that's just the smartest thing you could
possibly do I don't know if that's a
coincidence or just somebody was smart
enough to make it work that way but man
oh man does that
that's just so perfect there's nothing
else to say about it but that's not what
I want to talk about as as part of the
context for the story CNN's article I
couldn't tell if it was really a news or
opinion piece because you don't see it
and it's not clear about what's the news
and what's an opinion but it's sort of
in between as much as their stuff is and
it talked about the story of Trump and
these Central Park five and he talked
about the the full-page ad that Trump
ran calling for the death penalty to be
reinstated for serious crimes
now what's was room what was remarkable
about the article is that it was
unbiased it's the first time I've seen
that so let me say this again it was an
article unseen on CNN's website it
wasn't was not written by a trump
supporter it's obviously written by
somebody who was not trying to support
the president you can tell that much but
they reported this story accurately and
here's what what I mean by that so the
way you you've heard it on the internet
and you heard it from all the
president's critics you've probably
heard that he wrote a full-page ad
calling for the execution of the five
african-american young men who were
accused and actually confessed to a
horrible crime in Central Park a raped
and almost killed son
and later they were exonerated I guess
the confessions were forced or something
but during that time that time zone
Trump ran the full-page ad but here's
what CNN accurately reported they
accurately reported in clear language
that Trump wasn't talking about the
Central Park five specifically that he
was talking about crime in general and
it also reported that the Central Park
five had confessed and in other words
there was even if even if Trump had been
wrong about their guilt it's obvious
that if the five had confessed that a
reasonable person could think they were
guilty you could be wrong but it's
perfectly reasonable to think that five
people who confessed might be guilty
that's not an unreasonable thing to
think so and then they ran the clip of a
younger Donald Trump 1989 they think on
Larry King and Larry King asked him if
he thought that these five people should
get the death penalty and he said that
the woman had not died their victim and
if she didn't die then no because the
death penalty was for you know for
murder and so I thought it was the
cleanest I would say judgment-free story
about Trump
maybe I've ever seen on CNN because you
know anybody on social media they hear
the Central Park five they say and
that's proof they use a darn racist
because he ordered to execute innocent
black men okay that's like taking the
story that's true and then adjusting it
just enough so it's a completely
different story as sort of like it
reminds you of the actual story but see
that reported the actual story that the
Central Park five had confessed like
most people Trump thought they were
guilty and he ran an article about crime
in general didn't even mention the
central point
five but of course it was on his mind
which he had you know he essentially
admitted with with Larry King
so they there's they did nothing in the
article to accuse him of being racist
and one of the biggest let's say
accusation areas there is they just
reported it accurately for the first
time maybe not the first time but it was
striking it really was because I don't
oh but here's the other interesting
thing you ready for this here's the
here's the bow I'm gonna point out at
all so I read this story the first
unbiased story about Trump maybe I've
ever seen on CNN and I think to myself
I'm gonna tweet this story so I go
looking for the Twitter button so you
can retweet it like where is that button
guess where the button was didn't have
one and I don't know I don't know if I'm
actually noticing something real or
secuence it's so I don't know but the
one unbiased story didn't have a sharing
button on it for any of the sites its
Twitter or Facebook or anything else and
I looked everywhere and I'm pretty I'm
pretty sure their stories have share
buttons right am I wrong about that I'm
almost positive that they have they all
have yeah so I ended up copying the link
and doing it manually but think about
how few people will share something if
you don't have a share button you know I
mean I did it because I was going to
talk about it but I probably wouldn't
have shared it if it if I had just been
somebody who thought the article was
interesting and it didn't have a button
I probably wouldn't have copied the link
in and done it that way
alright that's worth mentioning the
other thing that's interesting about
this death penalty situation is that now
it introduces the topic and apparently
all of the Democratic candidates for
president except Biden have weighed in
oh no there's one that one of the lesser
guys who's running whose name I can't
remember
who is still okay with the death penalty
under certain situations but I guess Joe
Biden hasn't weighed in yet you can see
what it's set up it is right so Kamala
Harris is against the death penalty Joe
Biden in the past has been for it
Donald Trump is for it
what does Joe Biden do if Joe Biden
changes his mind he looks like another
flip flopper and he just fits in with
the crowd and by the way it might not be
what he honestly thinks so he might look
a little disingenuous if he suddenly
just takes the aoc position on it or a
commons position or whatever and but
what if but what if he comes out for the
death penalty
then he's agreeing with Trump and it
opens up an attack from Kamala who can
say well you would be in favor of the
death penalty do you know what color
people are who are usually usually
executed on and off this is true but it
seems like it opens up an attack that
Biden is a little more interested in
killing black people than the other
Democratic candidates now none of this
is fair or accurate it doesn't really
it's not a weight it's not a it's not an
honest way to characterize the situation
you know even if Biden is in favor of
the death penalty it doesn't mean he's
in favor of killing black people but if
you're running for president somebody is
gonna spin it that way and that can't be
good for him so that is an interesting
story so you know we talked at great
length about how dangerous the Internet
is and in terms of everything from you
know fishing scandals to bullying to
addiction you know being a Texas native
that so the Internet has its negatives
but I want to talk about some positives
there have been some real positives
lately
the most notable one is if you're not
following bill pulled a you should he's
he's kicked off what we could call or
why he calls hashtag Twitter
philanthropy and he's at at pulled a at
pul OTE
and he's literally giving away money
most of the his some of it others other
people's to people who have a good
explanation of why they need it now he
can't give money to everybody of course
so he's he's opening it up so that other
people can see the people asking for
money and other people can jump in and
say well you didn't get bill pull T's
money this time but maybe I can help you
out
so you're seeing people sort of jumping
in I have been amazed at how bill has
tapped him to I guess some kind of need
that people have naturally to be
generous
so people who've got a little extra or
even just you know just a little bit
extra and even people who don't have
extra are still willing to to give
because they have an impulse they it
either matches their religion it matches
their internal moral mechanisms or
something but he's tapped into something
important and a lot of people are
jumping on board and and then I saw
something today that was just one of the
best things that I've seen in a long
time so I want to share that and the the
setup is that there was a gentleman on
Twitter who tweeted yesterday that he
had been influenced by a little somewhat
by me in somewhat by Ed Latimer who is
if you're not following Ed Latimer he's
one of the best follows on all of
Twitter and why ad that I both do it are
in our different ways as we give life
advice I do it through my book had a
failed almost everything and still would
big and my new book that's coming out a
few months loser think will be you know
more useful stuff and apparently there's
some number of things I said that this
man found useful and
things that add Latimer says useful and
he stopped drinking so he decided to
stop drinking after years of drinking
and was having some success and was
crediting the influence of Ed Latimer I
think had more than me because had has a
little more closer experience with with
that world and but here's the good part
or even the better part so that tweet
caused another gentleman to someone so
Timothy gum G ummm on Twitter weighed in
and said this is Timothy gun sank gum
saying I've drank at least 10 beers a
day for the last 20 years
today is brand new I'm going I'm not
going to drink today I'm going to Willa
so with all courage I could muster so
someone who observed someone else who
was being influenced by Ed Latimer I
think mostly in a little bit by me that
guy stopped drinking his example causes
an observer to say hey you can do it I
can do it I'm gonna jump in now if you
all know that quitting drinking or
quitting any kind of drug is hard not
not just a little hard the like crazy
hard hard hard hard so it's going to be
a tough challenge what this gentleman is
jumping in and I wonder how many other
people would potentially jump in if they
felt they were part of something and how
many times have we see the we've seen
the tide pod challenge we've seen the
kicking the top off of the bottle
challenge the the ice water bucket
challenge whatever it is and and I
wonder I wonder if these things wonder
if positive news you know things that
are actually good for people I wonder if
they could spread that's the same rate
if it were the right thing and so I'm
really intrigued by this so I tweeted
tweeted this gentleman and
I noted they use the bravest person on
the Internet today and I mean that the
the guy who just said in public I've
been drinking heavily for 20 years or
whatever was 10 at least yeah 20 years
the guy who admitted that in public and
then publicly told us it was he was
going to quit knowing how hard that is
and knowing that you know a lot of
people don't make it it was the bravest
thing I saw today now you might say oh
that's not as brave as XYZ no no it is
it is it's as brave as you know stopping
an armed robbery he's putting his whole
life online you cannot underestimate how
hard this will be this is very very
brave and I hope he inspires other
people because you can see sort of a
ripple effect you know the the stuff
that bill Polti is doing it causes
people to think differently and they
start thinking hey there's somebody
doing something on Twitter and here are
people who are clearly being helped by
it because the success stories are
always reported and usually there's a
video of somebody who's receives this
generosity and they're happy about but
watching these these people get off of
alcohol and influencing other people to
get off alcohol is just one of the best
things that you'll ever see so this made
me feel very very good I would note that
and let me before I say this let me
criticize myself before you do so you
don't have to right what I'm going to
say next is totally self-serving but
it's genuine all right so you're gonna
hear a commercial but it's for a good
purpose
my startups app called
interface allows you to connect with an
expert of any type at any price at the X
processes you have an immediate video
call or you can schedule it it is ideal
someone who wants to help somebody with
sobriety and they could do it for no
charge which makes no money for anybody
or they could do it for a charge but I
think most people probably wouldn't so I
probably would not make money in this
because people would mostly do this at
low or no charge but imagine being able
to talk to somebody right away on video
a stranger who is in the same situation
sometimes you can't call a friend
sometimes you can't call a family member
and maybe you're not that close with
them to begin with but imagine being
able to just pick up your phone and be
able to talk to somebody who can really
coach you on sobriety now we won't
always have an expert who's available
for that but there are a number who've
signed up who are sobriety coaches and
addiction specialists so that's another
that's another resource but you know and
I hope you understand that there's
there's not much in the way of money
involved for me if people use this
because like I said most of the sponsors
are probably going to be so inexpensive
or zero then it's not really a
moneymaker but if it's helpful that
would be great I hope it would be all
right I have a topic that I've been
saving because I it's hard to talk about
but it's so helpful and this is
completely off of anything we've talked
about but it's something directly
helpful to every one of you this will be
could be one of the most useful things
you'll ever hear it's not about politics
it's just a real-world thing okay so
there's your setup so I've raised your
expectations it'll give you a little
background time one of the things I like
to do with my money you know once I
started making more money than I needed
I'm not huge on luxury or I don't like a
lot of cars or houses or anything so I I
would spend my money on getting massages
not the happy ending kind just a regular
massages and one of the things I've
learned over the years having done this
now for years with you
different massage therapists you know
usually if I'm on vacation
etc I'll do it or maybe once a week here
at home and so I've experienced I guess
over the years hundreds hundreds of
different massage therapists and here's
what I've discovered some of them know
how to touch and some don't
in fact most of them don't know how to
touch they actually don't know how to
touch somebody in the right way and I'm
going to teach you how I can teach you
something that apparently the majority
of massage therapists actually don't
know it which surprises me and here's
the trick and you can see even people
petting a dog you can tell if they know
how to touch so here are the two tricks
to know how to touch number one you must
be in the moment if you're scratching
the back of your partner while reading a
book scratch reading a book what does it
feel like to the person who's getting
their back scratched it feels no
different than if they scratch their
back on a pole they do not feel your
intention because your mind is somewhere
else you're reading a book and you're
haphazardly scratching they can feel it
physically but they cannot feel it
emotionally the good massage therapists
are empaths
and they can feel what you can feel or
imagine that they can they're very
sensitive to what you feel and what they
do is here's the trick they imagine
they're you wall they touch you so while
they're touching you they're putting
themselves mentally into your body and
they're saying okay if I were being
touched there where how would I want it
how would I want to be touched and so
they imagine you they stay in the moment
and they're thinking only about you and
how it feels while they're touching you
those people can send you to the moon
the difference between an empath who's
been professionally trained giving you
massage is a 10 out of 10 the best
massage therapist who's gone to all the
school has years of experience but is
not an empath is a six six out of ten
that's the best you can be unless you're
putting yourself in the position of the
other person and and really you know
imagining that's only that's only
technique one technique number two a B
testing and looking for feedback as an
as a as a trained hypnotist one of the
things you learn is you look for micro
changes in the person to see if you're
making them more relaxed if they're
getting into the hypnotic state so you
can do that just by paying attention
over time you can you can pay attention
to people's breathing their body
language their attention etc if you're
touching something let's say you're a
massage therapist and you touch them in
a certain way and their breathing
changes that's probably telling you it's
either good or bad their body changes
they stiffen they soften they you know
they do something differently
they might even moan you do more of that
so you a B test until you figure out
what works and what doesn't let me give
you an example on my cat who isn't here
right now so I've been experiencing
experimenting on my cat boo for years so
when I kept my cat I will pet my cat in
whatever normal ways she usually likes
but I'll often test a new thing this
week I discovered that my cat goes
completely limp when I what I massaged
her chest
sort of her upper a cat chest now she
likes her stomach massage sometimes like
a like a dog does she'll lay at her back
and you can rub her stomach but I
noticed that when I pick her up she's
usually doesn't want to stay picked up
too long she gets a little you know a
little anxious after say a minute but if
I pick her up and just rub her chest
she goes completely soft like she's
almost been euthanized and I can hold
her as long as I want as long as I'm
doing that now my point is not that your
cat would like that and in fact I've
never met a cat would like that that I
could determine but this cat through a
be testing I discovered something that
makes her absolutely limp with pleasure
had I not tested for literally years I
never would have discovered it likewise
my dog Snickers has a place that she
likes to be petted that you never would
have guessed it's between the eyes I've
tried it with other dogs and they don't
seem to have the same experience so if I
pet my dog Snickers between the eyes she
just goes completely limp and will let
you do it as long as you want now people
are just like that if you have a partner
or even if your massage therapist and
you're trying to touch them in a way
that you want them to enjoy the first
thing you do is put yourself into their
body
mentally and you and you keep yourself
at the moment never touch them
haphazardly don't touch your partner or
while you're thinking of other stuff
they'll tell they can tell the
difference and then secondly test try a
little scratch of the neck try a little
massage of the shoulders do they like
something on their feet who knows but
when you find that thing it's gonna be
crazy I'll tell you I'll tell you one
little personal secret you may notice
that I'm due for a haircut Christina my
girlfriend volunteered I know months ago
she says hey I could cut your hair
because you know easy obviously it's
just rare and so I said well I would
love that it turns out that for me the
experience of having Christina cut my
hair when she knows I actually like how
it feels is better than a professional
massage because I know she's in the
moment she's not thinking about anything
else
because she's concentrating on you know
the process concentrating on me and it
just sends me into like a whole other
universe like you can't even imagine
this somebody says too much information
it's a haircut that's not too much
information is it so my point being if
you do these two things put yourself in
the other person's mind do a little a/b
testing and stay in the moment you will
send your partner to the moon but you
might have to do a little EB testing to
find out just what works best listen for
breathing here's your tell well I don't
know if I could do a demonstration this
on video the tell that a hypnotist looks
for is a sudden breathing change so if
you were trying to let's say give a
massage or something and somebody want
that that's sort of an obvious one but
you look for even more subtle ones it
might be without the noise it might be
just the breath if you get that see if
you could produce it again if you could
produce it twice you probably have
something there and that is my advice
for the day somebody here saying I
kicked my wife so anything else she
loves it you've lowered her expectations
good job might take years to do that but
you want to lower expectations all right
so that's a little your note let me tell
you this you're not going to understand
how good this advice was on touching
until you try it because if you don't
already know these things where you
haven't tried these things you know the
a/b testing the the empathy putting
yourself and the other person if you
haven't tried that you have no idea what
you're about to experience you're you're
about to change somebody's experience
with you in a crazy way you're gonna
like it and that is all I have for today
go have a great day