bum-bum-bum-bum-bum as we look down on
the sleeping dog and the curtains come
down another wonderful day in the age of
coronavirus you're wondering what could
make this day and in the perfect way bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum and it turns
out that you came to the right place you
don't have to let sleeping dogs lie no
you don't because it's time for the best
time of the night the time you've all
been waiting for the time when I will be
taking your questions in a moment
and I will listen to your greatest fears
and then I will make them disappear so
think about what it is that's making you
anxious what is that you're worried
about about the future in a moment
I'll let you call in and I will remove
your fears in front of the crowd yeah
it's easy I am but first let me catch
you up on a few things so the the Joe
Biden gaff slash I guess I called the
gap in which he says that if you have a
problem figuring out whether you're for
me or Trump then you ain't black so I
guess the hashtag you ain't black has
been trending and hashtag Joe Biden's
racist it's true now what's funny about
this is that there's just nothing here
there's just literally nothing to this
story it's just Joe Biden you know tried
to be you know I know tried to be casual
and obviously Joe Biden was thinking
that when he said it that the actual
meaning was of course I'm the best
person for the black community which is
what he meant to say and clearly that's
what he meant
but of course the the pro-trump people
have turned that into well it definitely
means what he means what he's thinking
what he's thinking because I could read
his mind what he's really thinking is
that you know basically he owns your
vote and of course you didn't say
anything like that nor would he say
anything like that and it doesn't make
any sense but everybody's pretty darn
sure that's what he meant so watching
the Conservatives just use the the left
playbook to just manufacture this
ridiculous it's just ridiculous because
there's nobody in the world who thinks
Joe Biden's racist I mean not really
and and Charlie mean the god I don't
know if he's weighed in on it but I
would care about his opinion because he
was and he was there I'm not sure I care
about my opinion about it or or anybody
else's I heard somebody say that if
you're not black you know it's not up to
you to say that Biden did or did not
insult anybody or should or should not
have said anything differently or you
know needs to apologize or doesn't need
to apologize and I thought to myself
yeah that's a pretty good standard I
will accept that standard and watch
purely as a spectator I'm out
Joe you get you gotta work this without
yourself so yeah he had to yet to
apologize but it is a lot of fun
watching the the politics of it all
Geoffrey wonder when they discover some
ancient ruins that they have to dig down
to do you ever wonder how it all got
covered up with sand in the first place
who builds a whole ancient city and then
is that do they not sweep is it they're
just bad at housekeeping and they just
don't notice and I have for a few
hundred years it just builds up and then
their house is gone you know you should
have dusted or or did they all leave
town for a thousand years and I guess
covered with sand
back until the city on top of the sand I
always wonder about that has nothing to
do with anything's you know I wonder who
built the pyramids - so it turns out
that REM des aveer doesn't save any
lives so it doesn't change the the
mortality rate but it seems to reduce
the virus a bit not enough to make any
difference by itself so REM des vir
doesn't make much difference by itself
so they're going to test it with other
things now let me ask you this just this
will just be a test of how cynical you
are if from does fear doesn't work by
itself and REM does fear is like a
thousand dollars you know per patient
rise real expensive drug and they test
it and they find out they do get a good
result with some inexpensive drug
they're talking about I think yeah I
know some other kind of drug so they put
it with an inexpensive drug and then
let's say the two of them produce a good
result what are they gonna do I think
they're gonna pair them and charge a
thousand dollars for the room does aveer
and whatever the other drug is that's
cheap you know a buck fifty and say
you've got to take the two of these do
you think do you think that after they
test the room does fear with whatever
the other drug is that they'll keep
going and say all right now we have to
test it with just the other drug without
the REM does severe do you think they're
going to do that test or are they just
gonna say well all we know is that when
you use it together it works it's all we
test it so you could take your chances
but all we've tested is the two of them
together so wide-eyed shell outs a
thousand dollars if I were you so all we
know so that story is funny yeah I'd be
funny this somebody says viagra it would
be funny if it all right you're ahead of
me
somebody you stepped all over my great
joke it was coming but apparently
everybody in the
Thomas had the same punchline as I did
which is and that other drug that works
with red and desert here is
hydroxychloroquine so anyway CNN and
everybody continues to act as though the
hydroxyl chloroquine when given to
people who only have a few days left to
live
makes things worse and I'm thinking
probably everything does at that point
all right I'm going to take some
questions
but specifically I'm going to take some
questions about what's bothering you
what's what kind of big worries you have
for the future it doesn't have to be
media future could be the long-term
future and I'll give you the positive
spin on whatever it is that's bothering
you all right let's see who's who wants
to play along we will take row is that
an actual name row are you there hello
row I can do you have a concern which
you like me to erase from your mind I do
it was a tweet that I saw from Katie
Hopkins and she was saying that you know
all of our statistics and death rates
and models were hoaxes and we were being
programmed to live a new way of life and
I hadn't thought that I've stayed away
the conspiracy but for something I got
off work and it hit me and I was like oh
my god we're not using money we have to
schedule the DMV you can't just walk in
anymore
ah well who would be benefiting from
this globalists I don't think anybody's
benefiting are they how would a
globalist benefit from this well I guess
ups got cut off well let me finish the
answer I would not worry
about the the grand scheme to change the
way everybody's living I don't think
that's the thing so there's no evidence
for other than people who like to talk
about grand schemes so I would not
imagine that anybody's sitting behind a
closed door saying you know if we can
just convince them to door - that we've
got something I don't even know how that
works if we can just convince them to
work from home a little bit how does
that work
somebody says control nobody wants to
control just for control people want
control to get them things you don't
want control just to control it who
wants to control the DMV nobody all
right let's see if somebody else has a
concern that I can erase for them I
think David looks like he has a concern
David are you there
David David hello hey Scott how are you
good how are you do you have a concern
for me a worry that I can erase for you
well actually yes I am in sales for a
living and I'm hoping you're good with
personal things as well correct sure you
name it okay so I'm in sales for a
living and it baffles me how in majority
a majority of my life I'm very competent
and in certain ways I can approach
people with no challenge whatsoever but
when it comes to certain sales calls I
find myself crippled with fear and can't
get any sort of real rationalization as
why and do you know what kind of calls
make it different why is it different
sometimes that's a good question is
there is there no obvious reason it's
just some days you have it and some days
you don't know I mean with with things
primary related to work is when I
when the fear comes up more often if
it's things that don't matter you know
how old you 31 31 so yes I imagined you
young because part of the solution to
this is just experiencing a lot and
realizing that doesn't not ever hurt you
so the only solution to be able to do
this is to put yourself in increasingly
embarrassing situations and to learn
that they don't really hurt and I don't
think there's any other way to do it now
the the ways that people do it is they
sign up for let's say that Toastmasters
or the Dale Carnegie course or you could
just approach strangers and actually
just practice now I gave some advice the
other day that I was laughing after I
gave it which is it's always good to
match your your emotional and energy
state to the task now part of the
problem might be that if you're you're
all wound up about a meeting or a sale
you're in exactly the wrong point the
wrong frame of mind to take a risk
because you're just too wound up to take
a risk but there are probably times when
you think I've had such a bad day I just
had a fight with my girlfriend wife or
whatever you know five things went wrong
I couldn't find my pants there's nothing
that could ruin this day because it's
already so ruined plea right off and
then you say to yourself I might as well
try that thing I was going to try just
hey let me do something to wake myself
up today so I would think expansively
about which state of energy can get you
not afraid now I find in my life that
the same situation can be say tense
making if I'm at a certain frame of mind
but no problem at all if I'm like really
angry you know so sometimes you know
it's just a case of changing your state
until you find one that fits the
situation
and that if you've gone through enough
of these situations and they don't they
don't present the same issue now let me
ask you this what do you imagine could
go wrong what's the worst case they say
no and why is that bad because you know
that nine or ten calls are gonna be a no
here's you know look there is no problem
right there with my finger on the phone
yeah have you have you read my book had
it failed almost everything and still
win big I have actually so I would try
reframing your situation as trying to
guess something out of every call it
doesn't mean that you get a sale out of
it but you get tougher you get a
practice you try a new trick yours like
I'll try this I'll try that you're
keeping track
maybe you're keeping a scoreboard you
say alright I got I got one out of you
know 18 yesterday I'm gonna get one out
of 17 today but I think you could
reframe it as almost a sport and it's
not personal because none of these
people know you they don't know you
right these are basically strangers
you're talking about um it's a mixture
Wow well there may be people who just
haven't said yes yet so you know sales
is sort of about wearing people down
after a while isn't it
you know you know say it that way but
here here's a let me let me tell you a
sales story is my favorite favorite
sales story I had a neighbor who had
gotten rich and asked about the story of
his life know if his first Jobs was
selling salt to grocery stores and I
laughed I said how do you sell salt it's
all the same like what's your
competitive advantage he told me this
story that one day one of his grocery
stores was gonna be reorganizing his
shelves and he said you have to be
closed all day at the weekend and you
know he's gonna be working all weekend
reorganizing his shelves so the salt
salesman without being asked just showed
up on Saturday and said well I'm here to
help you reorganize your shelves and the
guys like really why you guys had
Saturday off
I thought I'd help you reorganize your
shelves didn't it didn't even ask him
about buying salt just helped him all
day went home and the next item the guy
did a salt order who did he buy from
so basically he built a relationship and
then he just waited and you know wasn't
the only relationship he was building he
was building relationships all over and
waiting for them to bloom over time so
he understood this kind of a numbers
game and a question of what he was going
to give them so maybe one way to think
of it is when you're calling people say
to yourself all right what am i doing
for them and if you can if you can be
honest about that and say alright I can
really help these people I can help them
save money you know I can help them do a
thing they couldn't do before I can help
them I don't know a product it is but
you know I suppose if you don't believe
in your product it would be harder but
if you believe in your product then you
would also believe that they could be
better off and so think in terms of what
you can give them yeah so you know the
process of reciprocity somebody in the
comments is saying that the the sole
salesman basically gave the gave
something for nothing and then just
stood around until it paid off so though
that is my advice and now watch this now
that you've heard this reframing the
next time you go to do this you're going
to think to yourself wait a minute I can
think of this as a scary thing in which
I could get rejected or I could think of
this as a process in which I come out
ahead every single time because that's
literally what's going to happen every
call you make whether it works or
doesn't work makes it easier to make a
call because it didn't hurt you know you
you know you were afraid the calls over
your body feels the same you're
breathing the same your days the same
all you did is get one closer to a yes
so everyone that's in now is one closer
to a yes watch how well that works all
right thanks for the call thanks Scott
all right
see who else needs a problem solved
possibly Mike Burt Mike Burt are you
there
good do you do you have a a problem a
worry a concern a fear that I can make
disappear here's a Canada and with this
China virus problem our Prime Minister
our leading party is seizing power and
it's very very concerning issue because
we don't really have a
opposition party to to work against him
because he just refuses to even
participate in the process now what we
do is help to to train our politicians
to defeat this guy don't have anybody
like that well you know but are you
really worried about that or is it just
a preference I mean really that is your
is your life that much different
depending on what political party is in
in office well if they're allowing our
national place to to throw together a
sweeping gun ban without any legislative
process it becomes a problem yes this is
gonna be a very big problem coming into
new well suppose suppose everything went
the way you don't want it to go how
would it affect you personally mmm we
look a lot like China well that's kind
of extreme don't you think you would
just looked like Canada but with your
guns no process is is no longer a thing
and they're circumventing and dictating
what can be allowed in the process then
it's not really the produced us anymore
oh well you know the slippery slope is
usually something you don't need to
worry about
so typically things go until they have a
reason to stop and right now if
something's going in that direction is
because it doesn't have a reason to stop
but but every
in Canada has a reason not to become
China whereas it's not true that
everybody in Canada has you know some
concern about guns that's the same as
everybody else's so you could pretty
much care on the sliding to stop once
everybody is on the same side which is
oh no we don't want to be a dictatorship
with no rules we just want to you know
clean up a few things that were our
preferences but maybe not other people's
preferences so you could well lose some
basic rights so uh getting massive
comments about my nose whistling so my
nose isn't whistling but you are hearing
a whistle it's not my nose so it's
actually coming out of my mouth don't
know why actually I dunno why but it's a
long story
so now that we've cleared that up I
would say I don't know a whole lot about
the Canadian political process so I
can't add too much in the details but I
will tell you that I know I can't think
of any reason there was any year of my
life that I was less happy because of
who was in power and I doubt that that
will happen in Canada and I wouldn't
worry about the slippery slope because
it'll stop what it needs to stop maybe
maybe a little bit after it needed to
stop but not full China so thanks for
the call yeah no problem
all right I don't think I talked him out
of that and if his fear I need to win
all right Robert
is coming in and Roberts Robert are you
there Robert I know you're there
Roberts not there all right let's try
Tyler Tyler Tyler are you there do you
have any kind of worry or fear that I
could make disappear but I did want to
ask you something else and that was you
once talked about something called a
humility fetish that the anti-trump errs
have and I just noticed that there
a lot of people say on my Facebook and
on my social media family members and I
don't think it has anything to do about
politics when it comes to Trump there's
something about him that they just
cannot get over and I was wondering if
you could comment on that because it's
almost like I hate to use the word
trigger because being overused I think
but there is some thing that just drives
them into irrational behavior well I
have opined that Trump comes across as a
bully and if you have been bullied in
your life that's all you can see and and
everything is all about that and
everything sort of emanates from we hate
him because he's a bully and then we'll
find all the other reasons if we look
for him whereas people who have not been
bullied or were the bullies themselves
look at him as just a you know harmless
and entertaining person who may or may
not have the you know the skills that
they're looking for so I think that's
the biggest difference whether you've
been abused by somebody that he reminds
you of does that ring a butt is that
ring true yeah that could be as I say
it's that it doesn't seem to be about
anything he's done it just seems to be
strictly his personality like these are
these aren't people who I consider
stupid either they're like really smart
people who have just been driven well
you know thing hatred yeah you know
anybody who's cocky has as many admirers
as they as I have haters you remember
when Muhammad Ali was you know you're
probably too young but he was famous for
being you know bragging and being cocky
and a number of athletes who have made a
name the same way and of course people
become super polarized people believe
that you know this is a now they're
genuine self they're not just putting on
an act for the for that for the cameras
so yeah people just hate any kind of
confidence or arrogance or cockiness I
don't think there's much of a mystery to
that and because Trump has a lot of
those things plus he's rich plus he
insults me
he is people a lot of reasons to get
worked up I do have one more thing for
you Scott yeah good thing on the
affirmations I just took a chance on the
affirmations this was a couple months
ago and someone who I hadn't heard from
in a long time I just picked them kind
of randomly it's kind of an old friend
of mine and I wrote down for a couple
days
this person will text me this person
will text me over and over again so a
couple of months go by and I basically
forget about it and I kid you not Scott
I'm at the gym I'm just about to close
my locker and guess who I got a text
from and I hadn't heard from this person
for like a long time all right do you
have to tell me how long are we talking
years yeah I would say I would say years
I went to university with them and so
that was probably about four or five
years ago that I graduated so this is
absurd I'm not in contact with very
often yeah it's funny because the very
first time that somebody told me about
affirmations it was exactly that story
without the text he was a phone call and
it was that somebody got somebody to
call them out of the blue that they
wanted to call that they hadn't heard
from and you have years and years and
years and then the phone rang so that
was the the very first story I heard now
of course as the people in the comments
were saying you know coincidences
coincidence and they're going to be
coincidences so as I was advised the
first time I tried affirmations and it
worked out so well and then I said well
it's probably just a coincidence you
almost have to try something it just
couldn't happen on its own and it has to
be more than one thing or you're not
gonna do anything so that's why I picked
this person because I didn't want to
pick a person who I am in in normal
contact with I wanted to pick someone
who you know the odds of them getting in
contact me weren't zero but they weren't
nine percent either I wanted to be
someone who you know bubi less than
50/50 yeah it was you only had one
affirmation right it was the only what
are you doing yes and I I
I didn't say it over and over I kind of
I kind just wrote it down and I did that
fried saying three or four days all
right so now damn it that's how I guess
yeah so now you try it on something else
maybe raise your sights from getting a
text to getting something better well
I'll tell you before I even heard you
talk about this I got this idea from Jim
Carrey an interview he was talking about
how he wrote a check to himself right
million dollars right no obviously mine
wasn't a million dollars but it was it
was an amount like I wanted in my bank
account so I literally took a screenshot
of my online bank account and I I wrote
the number I want and it was a
reasonable number it doesn't you know it
wasn't crazy
and of course I've far surpassed that no
no no I don't want to say I don't want
to sound too cocky now people hate you
people hate you yeah have you watched
the Michael Jordan documentary I mean
there's a little bit I felt to be quite
cocky no but that's that's a good
suggestion I kept meaning to watch that
so I'm glad you reminded me
alright so thanks for the call thank you
Scott
thank you all right take care all right
I'm gonna wind it down for tonight I
hope some of you had similar kinds of
problems and maybe some of that helped
you well I don't know and in the
meantime I will see you I will see you
bright and early in the morning