but if the boo-boo bum-bum-bum
bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
hey everybody we've got something fun to
talk about today
well we always do but today we've got
that Singapore summit to talk about to
unpack a little bit but before we do
that you know it happens first oh yeah
I'm back to the mainland babies I'm back
in I got big coffee now big American
coffee let us drink
the simultaneous scent oh that's what a
victory tastes like all right how many
of you saw a segment on CNN yesterday in
which Chris Cuomo was interviewing
Dennis Rodman and Dennis Rodman was
wearing a make America great again hat
for the entire interview and talking
about how much he loved his two friends
Kim and Trump it was one of those great
moments in television because I'm sure
CNN didn't want to spend a lot of time
on a black man wearing a make America
great again hat you know not since Kanye
has anybody caused that much trouble
wearing a hat but it was impossible to
take the camera off him
you know say what you will about Dennis
Rodman and by the way I think he he
probably deserves a presidential you
know what is it the Presidential Medal
of Freedom I believe that's the highest
civilian award in the United States
unless you're in the military and so I
think Rodman has genuinely done an
important thing for the country for the
world and for his friends and it's it's
fun to watch him because Rodman seems to
be at a place at
his life where he's just tried to help
and he's actually doing it you know
unlike most of us he's actually helping
so poor see you then had to stay glued
to Rodman who was insanely interesting
as he is all the time he's never less
interesting and Dennis was doing his
thing and it was just sort of a just
kind of a great TV moment well let's
talk about first of all how did the the
leaders get along you we all watched I
guess the same clips of the handshakes
and the the joking and the laughing and
the smiling and the more handshakes and
the the Pats of the back and stuff if
you looked at Trump's body language he
was in full seduction mode I would say
meaning that the president was trying
hard to make sure that the chemistry
worked now I think Kim probably had the
same incentive I think he wanted the
chemistry to work or else you wouldn't
have been there and it looked like the
two the two leaders were definitely a
little bit uneasy you all picked that up
right they were not completely
comfortable I would say some of that
maybe most of it is just the moment and
the bigness of it and nobody wants to do
the wrong thing but some of it is the
language it's hard to bond you know
immediately and and in a productive way
through the interpreters it takes away
your timing your jokes and everything so
I think both people were trying to push
past the language difference and so you
saw them trying hard to do that and
succeeding I think my just my visual
impression is that they did push past it
and that they did succeed and they did
create a a relationship if you will now
the statement that came out of it was I
would say compatible with expectations
that the administration had more
recently set because the current
thinking is you don't you don't make
these deals in one day it's a process
but let's let's get the process going in
the right direction so in terms of did
they get the process moving in the right
direction
yes unambiguously this to me look like
the process moving in the right
direction now some people have said
didn't Kim get the win because he got
the photo-op and he got in the room with
the President of the United States and
you know the things he gave away or were
not that not irreversible in other words
everything that Kim has you know quote
given up it would be somewhat reversible
if he wanted to so didn't he get the
photo-op and you can't reverse history
so that really happened here are my
observations number one
did you hear chairman Kim's I think
maybe you among his first things he said
when he when he got in contact with
Trump he said and I don't know if any of
you caught this he basically said what
Kanye's been saying he said it's time to
break free of the he didn't use these
words but he essentially said it's time
to break free of the the mental prison
of the past now maybe that's an accident
maybe but maybe they watch American
media and why wouldn't they right they
should be watching it just just for
their own strategic purposes they should
be paying attention and if they were
paying attention it would be it would be
hard to miss how powerful the whole
Kanye Candice situation was and the
major theme that came out of that was
releasing the past you know don't be a
prisoner of the past and Kim volunteered
that and then
then today we saw President Trump echo
that you know he said in his own words
again he he said you know the past is
the past
I'm trying to paraphrase as best they
can basically don't let the past ruin
the future so that those are my own
words but basically he was saying that
so now both of them have joined the same
frame which is rejecting the failures of
the past and that really means both
sides right so so both of we're saying
we don't need to blame we don't need to
look back we don't need to you know we
don't need to obsess with what didn't
work in the past it's a new day now
let's talk about the fact that they met
it all before
having a verifiable progress now sure
there were some some small things like
the missile testing suspended and blew
up some entrances to the entrance and
exits to some testing caves and that
sort of thing but but what he got was
the the FaceTime and the respect and the
in the top stage with the president and
my take on that is sort of the shield
Eenie the robber chill Dini
take on it now this is not something
that he said this is from things I
learned by reading chill Dinis books the
fact that both leaders met each other in
person and then turn to the world the
world that includes both North Korea and
you know the US and everybody else and
the fact that they said in public
personally and looked into the camera
and said we're going to denuclearize and
an RN we're going to help guarantee
their security when you state these
things in public in that kind of a
situation it makes you commit to them
even if you weren't that committed
before you said it so in other words the
fact that they said it
turns both leaders into that person and
I hope I'm clear on that it doesn't
matter what they were thinking before
they said it the fact that they said it
turns them into it because you become
and there's research the back says you
become the thing that you that you
present so people are not there's no
such thing as somebody who is themselves
on the inside and then you know I'm
being true to myself and then I tell the
world Who I am
that's the simplistic version of people
we're not quite that that we're not
quite that straightforward we're kind of
a continual feedback system so that the
specific experiment that I'm thinking
about to make this judgment this was
also in the book influence I believe
chill teenies book they did a test where
they asked people to write a paragraph
on an opinion that they did not hold so
they're asked to write a paragraph
supporting a position there was not
their own position they actually had a
different opinion and then they checked
back with him in a year and they say hey
what do you think about these topics and
they find that the people who wrote an
opposite opinion came to embrace the
opinion that they wrote about with
nothing else happening so the only thing
that happened was they in front of other
people they committed to a position and
then they reverse engineered their brain
over the next year until they believed
that they actually had that position now
that sort of thing gets commitment and
consistency so people like to be
consistent especially when other people
are looking you know we like to be
consistent in our own minds with
ourselves but it's you know far more
important if we've made a commitment in
public we need to be that person we need
to be committed to it and it's one of
the reasons that people don't admit that
they're wrong you saw the president
joking about that
he said if things don't go well I'll
just I won't admit it which was which
was hilarious and so if you're looking
for what is the the the real progress
here because we don't have a very
viable agreement we don't have details
of agreement and of course we all want
those things
the real progress is that both of these
leaders turn to the world and said world
this is who I am this is what I say and
the world said boom the world loved it
if you stand in front of the world and
say something that the world universally
I like to a person there might not be
one person in the entire world who
disagrees with getting peace with North
Korea so those two leaders came up
they're gonna get praised for what
they've done they will you know in both
of their their their home courts they
will people will be shaking their hands
and patting them on the back and saying
man I feel like something happened
something important and you did it so
these people are these people President
Trump and Kim are now being committed to
the positions they've made in public and
that does matter now compared to the
past where you had leaders who never
actually had any communication directly
you know that Kim's father and
grandfather with American leaders and
any communication was tell a guy who
tells a guy who tells somebody in China
who talks to a diplomat or talks to our
guy who talks to the president now if
that's the situation of your
communication then changing your mind is
a lot easier it's a lot easier to say
well you know I said that but you're not
doing what I want you to do so that
gives me the freedom to to not do my
side so it's a big big big big big deal
in terms of getting a good outcome that
the leaders met in public and more
importantly even more important than
their personal relationship is that they
set it clearly and unambiguously and
they're on the same page and they said
it in public the public has a lot to do
with this outcome that may not have
always been the case you know
pre-internet that may not have been the
but at this point the public is is in
the room you know that the public is a
player and we should take that seriously
so the document they signed I believe
was a bid generic statement that they
wanted to denuclearize the peninsula and
that the u.s. I think the said the US
would provide some security guarantees
etc so we'll see how that goes
now one of the things that people say is
how can you trust that North Korea will
denuclearize because it was the nuclear
weapons that got him got him to this
place that they are why would they stop
using something that worked and here's
where the person the person meeting and
the public statements come in you don't
need nuclear weapons to defend against
your allies right so president Trump has
simply changed the frame he changed it
from a frame of hey were we're at war
with you and you know watch out
that's a frame where they need nuclear
weapons and if they in if they agreed to
give up nuclear weapons in the context
of being a war with the United States
you should expect that they don't mean
it you should expect that it's a
strategic thing to say yeah we'll get
rid of those nuclear weapons meanwhile
making some more nuclear weapons that
would make perfect sense in a context
where we're at war with them President
Trump has changed the frame and chairman
Kim has changed as well they appear to
be on the same page and especially Kim's
conversation with moon in the South
Korea the friendliness there they've
they have the two of them have created a
peace frame now within the peace frame
first of all who wants to change that
right there's no way that the United
States is going to have peace with North
Korea and then say you know well that
peace is working out everybody is
peaceful and there's no
they're weapons but let's say let's go
do something dangerous and start a war
or something we're not going to do that
so as soon as you hit that peace frame
that gives Kim the ability to
denuclearize with only something to gain
and absolutely nothing to lose all right
so this is the first time anybody ever
changed the frame before it was always
yeah we hate you and we're at war but
why don't we just lay down our weapons
anyway who's going to believe that
change that to hey we can we invest
let's be friends let's shake hands let's
sign some agreements let's get on the
same page let's stop talking about the
past let's stop talking about the war
let's you know do the best possible
thing that's the headset everybody's
didn't know in that headset cheating
doesn't make sense for North Korea so
don't expect North Korea to do what
doesn't make sense before it didn't make
sense necessarily for them to give up
their weapons today the situation is
different it does make sense it makes
complete sense and choice number two
doesn't make any sense at all so it's
getting easier now because of that
personal relationship now I know there's
gonna be a lot of chatter today I'm
watching my clock because I have to get
off in a few minutes to do something
else it's gonna be a lot of chatter
today about how the critics of President
Trump will cover this how will the
networks that are not his friends say
this went and predictably they'll say
stuff about you know there's no no
details in the agreement and Kim got his
meeting and we haven't gotten any tea
nuclearization and and that sort of
thing so you get to see all that stuff
but it may be my imagination but I
thought in the last few days online on
Twitter that the level of vitriol and
insult for Trump supporter
and anybody who says anything good about
him it's higher than I've seen in a
while instead of instead of trailing off
because because the good things are
happening you would expect people to say
okay I'm not going to criticize the
president this month because good things
are happening it went the other way
didn't it just in the last few days it
looks like it it just went spiked and
here's the towel I want you to look for
remember I tell you tells for cognitive
dissonance so if the president is is
getting a good result here and it's it
looks very positive to me the people who
are as big as critics are going to be
thrown into a mental distress the likes
of which we haven't seen since the
election but this one might be worse and
I'll tell you why this one might be
worse winning the election people still
have a mental trapdoor that they could
escape from that the thought that was so
painful and the trap door was wow I
guess there are more racists in the
country that I assumed and then quickly
after that oh I get it
Russia through him the election that's
why it was about Russia so they had an
escape path this the North Korea
situation is leaving them only
speculative escape paths in other words
instead of saying yes there are racists
and wait the far more than we thought or
yes Russia helped those are affirmative
specific things here they have to talk
about well something might go wrong
because there was that other time
something went wrong with different
people in a different situation and we
think that maybe the president's ego and
his you know his urgency to get a Nobel
Prize and so they're going to be talking
in these weird speculative imaginary
ways about things that have gone wrong
or could go wrong so they don't have a
good trapdoor you know not one they can
just walk out they have to conjure up an
imaginary door just to get amethyst and
of the
in their head and I think it's going to
cause a tremendous amount of distress
here's the towel for that cognitive
dissonance and you're going to see this
on Twitter look for the the Twitter
responses there the laundry list of
Trump criticisms so instead of saying I
don't think this this thing will work
you know instead of talking about one
thing or one problem you're getting the
laundry list have you seen it yet I've
saw it all last 48 hours my Twitter feed
is full of the laundry list the laundry
list goes like this somebody says hey
you're president Trump may have good
progress in North Korea where nobody had
it before and then the critic says he's
a con man racist misogynist crazy you
know mentally unstable liar corrupt and
there was about three other words on
there but if you see the the list and
nothing on the list looks directly
related to the topic that's your that's
your tell so look for the lists and the
list will be while he's corrupt he's you
know he's you know xenophobic he's
upping it he's a he's a liar he's a con
man he's a bah bah bah bah so list tells
all week projection somebody says it's
projection I don't know if I've said
this on periscope yet I've said it a lot
of times otherwise I don't know the
projection is a real thing I really
don't you know I get that there's some
psychological concept where people
project their own their own issues onto
other person's you know as if the other
person is thinking it but it's only
because they're thinking and I and I'm
willing to accept that there are some
situations where that's a real thing in
the real world but mostly mostly I think
we imagine projection I think people
just use whatever complaint they have
handy and once in a while it looks to us
like projection I think that's
what's happening
somebody says projection is real I
caught myself doing it well here's my
proposal to you if you find yourself
doing something that looks like
projection in other words you're
assuming the other person is is the same
as you
that doesn't mean you're projecting it
it could just mean you think the other
person has that opinion it doesn't
necessarily have to mean because you
have it you probably can't imagine
anybody having any opinion that isn't
something like something you've thought
at one point or another so in a sense I
guess this is a better way to set in a
sense everything is projection because
you can't understand another person and
what they're doing unless you sort of
project yourself into them and say okay
if I were in that situation that's how
I'd act if I had these inputs or
whatever so I guess a better way to say
it instead of saying I don't think
projection is a real thing I think a
better way would be to say it's
everything what it's on that's the only
thing we do and therefore it's not
worthy of being called out yeah bad
pattern recognition can be the the
trigger for projection all right I'm
going to wrap this up in a moment
because I got some other business coming
in would CNN have attacked Rodman for
more mental issues if Anthony Bourdain
had not recently taken his life I don't
I don't think so
you know I think people are being pretty
generous to Rodman and he earned it so I
think people are just you know
well-behaved when it comes to Dennis
Rodman and I think that's appropriate
because you know he may have done an
amazing thing for the world and I think
he needs that Presidential Medal of
Honor assuming things go well in the
next couple of months all right I'm
going to talk to you maybe again later
today as events unfold but for now I got
to do some more stuff it's great to be
back in your well in my normal time zone
and let's let's drink a
toast to what we hope will be a long
prosperous path with North Korea so this
is to North Korea to the United States
and the rest of the world talk to you
later