but I'm pom pom pom pom hey everybody I
see there are people joining right now I
hope you're running to get your beverage
I'm a little late they overslept
I barely know what's going on if you'd
like to see me when I've just woken I've
just awakened I've just waked up awoke
and I've just awoken or awakened I've
done one of those things I'm really
tired
this is what I'm saying but I'm not so
tired that I cannot enjoy the
simultaneous sip with you
indescribable please sexy and smart
people so please grab your cup your mug
your chalice your stein your thermos if
you will your classier your container of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous lip that's good ahh I
always look tired somebody says probably
right alright umm now I've been I've
been arguing with people on Twitter
which is I suppose the same as being on
Twitter arguing people with people on
Twitter over the Charlottesville hoax
and I wanted to put some stuff in
context here the Charlottesville hoax
the hoax part of it is that the very
fine people comment referred to white
supremacist so that that's the hoax part
because obviously he was talking about
obvious to you but not to the rest of
the world apparently it's obvious that
when he said they were fine people on
both sides he meant both sides of the
Confederate statue issue not antiphon
versus white supremacist but together
there are three things which form the
Trump derangement syndrome support
structure so it's not that these are the
only things that people think about a
president Trump but I would say these
are the three strong pillars and they're
all starting to fall apart so if you
think about it there was the
Charlottesville hoax which is really the
I would say the proxy for people's
belief that the president is a big ol
racist now they have lots of what they
think are sort of coincidences or things
that happened 30 years ago or you know
so they have lots of confirmation bias
II you know reasons but there's really
one reason that is the it's the I would
say it's the leader of all the reasons
and that's the belief which is a hoax
that it was a hoax and it was the belief
that the president actually called the
way supremacist five people now this one
is very strong and I'm gonna get back to
in a minute but let me just talk about
the others there's there Russia
collusion which it looks like it's gonna
fall apart in the next month or so so
let's say that Muller comes out with his
report and let's say that he finds that
this just doesn't exist spoke well we'll
see I don't want to ruin it yet yeah I
don't want to draw on it yet don't want
to ruin my picture yet but you get the
idea so the Russia collusion pillar is
likely to just disappear the other
pillar is that he's crazy and impulsive
and you know uninformed and any other
kind of mental 25th amendment reason put
them all in there but every day that
he's president and and nothing breaks
you get farther and farther from
believing that this is the
is reasonable so for example what about
the time he refused to disavow David
Duke he didn't
that's another hoax there is no time
that he didn't disavow David Duke that
just never happened there was the time
when he said he couldn't hear the
question and he wasn't sure how to
answer because he you said he didn't
hear the question now I don't know if he
didn't hear the question or not but it's
pretty clear that if you ask somebody
who's running for president do you do
you support the KKK let me whoever it is
who said that they think he might be
racist because he didn't disavow David
Duke first of all he did many times
right so the first thing you have to say
is that the fact is incorrect he
disavowed it many times in public you're
talking about this one time Jake Tapper
was talking to him and he hesitated on
the answer before being unequivocal
unequivocal bull later and somebody's
saying but I saw it I saw it with my own
eyes yes but let me ask you which of
these two versions of reality sound
reasonable one there was something about
the question that he was either thinking
of a way to answer it differently or he
didn't hear it but for some reason he
was he was momentarily confused about
how to answer it or less Combusken but
let's compare that to the other
hypothesis the other hypothesis is that
for a moment he considered backing the
Ku Klux Klan on CNN in public while
running for president can you really
tell me that you think that is maybe
something that he was considering
because to do that you really have to
assume he's crazy too right because that
wouldn't be a dog whistle that would be
the craziest thing that ever happened so
if you believe
that the craziest thing that could ever
happen actually happened and that you
actually saw it that is TDs because the
craziest thing didn't happen there was
something about the way he answered
maybe the way he heard the question
maybe he was thinking of something else
maybe he momentarily didn't connect the
name David Duke who knows whatever it
was but what it wasn't I'll tell you the
so he says don't fall for his got the
least likely thing it was of all the
things that could have been if you had
it if you had a list of a thousand
reasons the least likely thing is that
he was planning to back the Ku Klux Klan
on CNN while running for president okay
you have to ask yourself one of the odds
that he was considering doing that that
would be the craziest interpretation
right you really it that's hard to
defend all right so here's the thing as
days goes by we find out that he's he's
not he has not been determined medically
crazy none of our allies are failing to
work with us right our allies are not
they're not failing to work with us they
seem to be working with us fine it looks
like the China negotiations are
progressing it looks like North Korea is
going fine it looks like the economy is
good even if you say even if you want to
say okay that was Obama's economy Trump
didn't break it he didn't break it so so
every day that goes by this pillar gets
weaker because he's just not doing the
things that people assumed would happen
if he were mentally crazy yeah now let's
get let's get back to this as as
somebody recently said David Duke
recently came out in favor of
representative Omar does that make does
that make representative Omar a
supporter of the KKK it doesn't work
that way because it turns out that
people can like things for different
reasons and that that's the most
normal situation in the world you might
met you might like coffee because it
wakes you up so I might like coffee
because of the taste so therefore maybe
I would have more decaf than you because
I like coffee because it tastes good and
you don't like the taste but you like
the fact that it wakes you up the single
most the single most perhaps the most
common situation in the universe is that
people like things for different reasons
so does it make sense that a standard
Republican could like President Trump
for lowering taxes and for being you
know good for border security at the
same time David Duke could see an
opportunity to use it for recruiting
because he sees the CNN has brainwashed
half of the world into thinking that
this president is somehow it in favor of
the KKK right so David Duke being smart
says hey I think I'm going to act like
I'm gonna go with this this is might be
good for recruiting or something I don't
know if he's doing any recruiting but in
terms of supporting his side it was
smart for him to embrace the hoax
because it's good for recruiting now
that's a completely different reason
than what other people find in the
president so people can like a president
for completely different reasons that
would not be unusual that would be the
most common thing in the world some
people some people want tighter border
security because of crime and whatever
else and other people want tighter
border security on the southern border
because they don't like brown people
those are completely different reasons
but they can still like you know the
same thing for different reasons all
right anyway the Charlottesville hoax is
sort of the most important pillar that
needs to come down because this one's
falling away by itself and the Russia
collusion thing looks like it's going to
fall away
month or two whenever Muller comes out
with his report in watch watch how
maniacally people cling to this so I've
been doing this experiment on Twitter
where somebody will say hey bah-bah-bah
big old racist charlottesville and then
I will say here's the here's the full
quote where he explained that he was
definitely not talking about the
neo-nazis it's right there in his own
words now here's the thing you have to
ask yourself would President Trump if he
said something provocative and offensive
and something that he believed would he
stop saying it the next day because
people complained think about it what
are the odds that if President Trump
said you know the moon is made of cheese
and then somebody calls him out on it
that the next day he's not going to say
the moon is full of cheese have you ever
seen that he sticks with what you know
he sticks with his original belief I can
only think of one example and that was
the when he was campaigning his first
impression about abortion was that if a
woman gets an illegal abortion
that that the criminal justice system
should punish her and then as soon as
people said no that would make sense in
every other crime but for abortion is
different because the woman is just you
know the victim and it's better if you
just if you just punished the doctor now
once you hear that you you can say to
yourself oh you know if you've never
heard that it would be obvious to say of
course she should be punished for
breaking the law but once you've heard
that explanation he said okay I get that
and then he changed his mind in 24 hours
that was a special case in general no
matter what he says he's willing to say
it again wouldn't you say it's probably
the most consistent thing about this
president is that is that it doesn't
matter if you don't like it he's good
say it again if he said it once he's
gonna say it again
but what this charlottesville thing when
he said they're fine people on both
sides a reasonable person would say oh
you mean both sides of the Confederate
statue controversy not both sides of
antiphon fighting neo-nazis all right
that's that's not the that's not
anything that anybody would say that's a
ridiculous interpretation and when he
was asked to clarify sure enough he said
in the clearest possible language heck
no I don't mean the neo-nazis they're
completely disavowed so why would this
be the one situation where he was not
willing to say what he had said before
it's because it's a misinterpretation he
is he was completely consistent that
there were vault good people on both
sides of the statue controversy and very
consistent that that does not include
any neo-nazis now keep in mind that his
his daughter is is Jewish
his son-in-law and his grandchildren are
Jewish and here's the best part one of
the odds that Israel would not have
noticed if this president were a big
anti-semite do you think that Netanyahu
would not have noticed do you think that
they wouldn't have said something what
about you know is there is there I I
don't believe I've ever seen one Jewish
leader let's say leader is let's say
somebody in Congress I don't know if
I've ever seen one who believes that
this president is an anti-semite have
you seen that why is it that the
smartest people in the world and
identifying anti-semites and I think
you'd agree that would be Israel right
Israel would be really really good a
spotting anti-semitic behavior I would I
would say that there'd be you know X
haven't had a lot of practice but they
seem to have not noticed that how do you
explain it to yourself that Israel loves
him puts his picture on Billboard's most
popular president of all time probably
most popular American president from
Israel's point of view probably the most
popular had he explained that yeah you
know Israel didn't notice the only
explanation that fits all of the facts
is the is the most common one the most
ordinary explanation is the one that
fits all the facts that nobody in the
right mind would back neo-nazis on
television even if they believed it
right it's a ridiculous interpretation
and it fits none of the facts whereas
the ordinary one fits all the facts that
he wasn't talking about that he wasn't
talking about neo-nazis so I've been
I've been trying to see what kind of a
kill shot it would take in terms of
persuasion to knock this pill around and
I gotta say I haven't been able to find
one but I want to see if there's anybody
I can get on maybe on periscope to see
if I could talk them out of it in real
time so right now I don't have the guest
option on but I'm thinking that I might
do some demonstrations in which I invite
some people in who are just really deep
into Trump derangement syndrome and talk
to them now I already know what will
happen and but I want to model it for
you so I can't do it today but I'll do
this this is what it would look like
once I've given my argument I don't
think there's any reasonable person who
would cling to the Charlottesville hoax
as true once it's been explained to them
in in front of other people
alright so the other people part is
actually kind of important here you'd
want somebody to be listening to have an
audience
and then have me explain it and I don't
think anybody can hold on to that view
but what they would do and this is very
predictable they would change it too but
what about David Duke but what about the
thing he did thirty years ago well what
about this and what about that and I
think all of those can be debunked as
easily but they would soon get to the
point where what they were saying
wouldn't make sense it would turn into
word salad you have you ever seen me do
this online let me ask you this a number
of you watch my Twitter feed and you
watch me interact with other people
have you seen me reduce people to a word
salad have you ever seen me do that the
word salad is where they start talking
but the words stop making sense they
it's they just seem to be sentences that
make sense of some grammar away but but
they they're just nonsense right all
right I'm just looking at your comments
yeah so I have this in a Navarro was
once again spreading the Charlottesville
hoax as if true now the reason that the
Charlottesville hoax is so important to
the overall mental health of the country
let me say this as clearly as possible
the mental health of the country is poor
wouldn't you say and if you need to say
is there what's just what's the downside
of the Trump presidency I would say well
it's that you know it's not the one
thing that could be better but there's
definitely a mental health problem and
it has to do with people having a
reaction to this president and that
reaction is primarily because the press
has created this whole hoax framework
that people are buying into so if you
could cure if you could cure the
Charlottesville hoax it's such a big
pillar and the other pillars are coming
down
themselves I think you could cure TDS if
you could just get rid of the
Charlottesville hoax and have you
noticed how little pushback I get from
this let me ask you this
so even even yesterday there was a
article in the media this is one of
those dogs that don't bark you know that
the dog you didn't hear situation so you
always look for the white space the
empty space because there's a story and
what doesn't happen as well as the story
in what does so yesterday the some
publication called the verge wrote an
article about carpe diem and his meme
that the president tweeted him so
yesterday that president tweeted carpe
dum-dum Tom's mean but it had some music
uniform REM and REM complained and then
Twitter took it out for copyright
violations now without getting into the
details
REM was completely within their right to
do that they didn't have to do it but
it's not unusual that somebody would do
that because they don't want their music
associated with a political party but
here's the thing I did it and I
immediately became part of the national
story as did Mike sort of itch so Mike
sort of itch and I were both listed in
this story as quote far-right
personalities so first of all neither
Mike certain efficient nor I I I don't
want to speak for Mike but I think this
is true he would not describe himself as
far-right when he I don't think so IIIi
don't think I'm pretty sure right Mike
sort of itch would not call himself
far-right and I'm certainly not I'm the
opposite of that but my point is that
even when I'm a little bit associated
with a story and I was only just
slightly associated with that story I
literally was just a guy who tweeted it
I'm still a part of a national story all
right so here's my point if I make even
a little bit of noise about a topic
that's in the news I become part of the
news will you accept that that's true
you've seen this right most of you have
seen how many times my periscope becomes
part of the news my tweet becomes part
of the news I become part of the news
very quickly because the news likes to
bring in people you've heard of how many
times have I cited in public the
Charlottesville thing is a hoax and then
described it as the very fine people
part of being clearly out of context how
many times have you heard me say that a
lot right how many times have you seen
the the mainstream media report my
opinion that Charlottesville is a hoax
zero for three freaking years I've been
saying loudly and on television that the
Charlottesville thing was a hoax and
they don't report it think about that
can you imagine me saying anything else
at that controversial and not making
news I made news for a random connection
to a tweet about a meme and that's
normal the normal thing is that I you
know the news will throw me in the story
for anything now I have I have said you
know the Charlottesville hoax I I think
I may have said it in it's been picked
up Mia maybe Breitbart mentioned it you
know I've said it on Fox and Friends
I've said it myself but it never got you
know amplified after that but for the
mainstream media you know that the cnn's
and etc imagine imagine if I said
anything else in the news was a hoax
here's a mental experiment suppose I
went on and said it's a hoax that Mike
Pence is a human being or you know he's
a robot or I said
it's you know the tax plan is a hoax or
suppose I said the border was a hoax can
you imagine any other major major story
and what you know Charlottesville was as
major a story as you get I am saying
loudly and often in public that one of
the biggest stories of the country was a
hoax and when I explained it almost
everybody goes oh yeah that was a hoax
even the people who don't want to
believe it because when you hear when
you hear it you realize that it is
ridiculous ridiculous to interpret what
the president said that day as backing
the neo-nazis the it's hard to hold on
to that as even a slightly sensible
thing but nobody reports how often and
publicly I say that's a hoax think about
it that tells you that there's something
special going on with that one topic and
watch I'm doing it again yeah I can tell
you for sure that every major media
outlet follows this periscope they all
follow it nobody's going to pick this up
there's no chance that MSNBC is going to
run that I hit piece on me saying all
this idiot says the Charlottesville
thing was a hoax and if they do here's
the second part of my prediction because
I'm kind of challenging it right now
there is a chance that it will happen
now but when they write it it would be a
hit piece in which they lie about what
I'm saying in other words they'll change
what I'm saying about the
Charlottesville hoax being limited to
the verifying people part and they'll
say cartoonists says it's a hoax that
neo-nazis were violent in
Charlottesville so watch this if they
write about it they'll change my opinion
to something I don't pro-nazi or or just
wildly ridiculous
they will not report cartoonist says
that the very fine people was referring
to both
of the statue question can't report it
because their entire reputations depend
on that hoax staying intact and it's
such a thin hoax because you just have
to hear the other interpretation and it
falls away by the way if you have a
second screen you here's a perfect
example I just tweeted so it would be
the top tweet in my feed and I'll show
it to you on my phone but you're not
going to get the beauty and majesty of
it you have to see a live alright
there's a optical illusion see if I can
make it big enough on my phone so this
probably won't work but you have to see
it in the feed all right there's an
optical illusion of some paper plates or
plastic plastic plates and cups that are
all upside down so you see this these
are plastic plates that are all upside
down and the illusion is that one of
those plastic plates is actually not
upside down and the moment you see the
one that isn't upside down and I'm not
going to point to it all of the other
ones in your mind is flip right-side up
alright move to the right yeah I think
the comments are opposite on my screen
as they show up to your screen I'm not
sure so it doesn't work when you're
looking at it on my screen through your
screen but go to my Twitter feed it's
the it's the one at the top I think or
next to the top and as soon as you see
the one that's right side up yeah look
at the continents look at the comments
of the people who just looked at it it's
yeah it's weird the moment you see it
right-side up all of the other plates
turn right side up and then you can turn
it back upside again by putting it away
and to take it the Charlottesville hoax
is exactly that it's just like that
illusion you just have to see the one
cup turned up sup you know turn right
side up and then the whole story changes
right in front of you and you could
actually feel it then you would feel
that you've been living in an illusion
for three years so butte and it should
that feeling should activate massive
cognitive dissonance it should make
people who are pretty you know pretty
invested in their tds you should make
them have a reaction that looks like
nonsense to the observer so cognitive
dissonance is when you realize that your
your worldview is wrong but you can you
don't want to change it because you're
sort of invested in it so you try to you
try to make your world to fit your
ridiculous views once they've been you
know how did out it as being ridiculous
you don't leave them you just say well
there's a reason for my ridiculous for
you and it it does maybe it doesn't make
sense to you but it you know and then
something craziest described all right
so uragan your explanation cured my tds
infected cousin perfectly well there you
go so maybe maybe you could try this at
home and see if it works on anybody and
what i would what i would suggest is
that people would will go all whack
Amole on you it if you can get them to
concentrate on just the Charlottesville
hoax
and once you've convinced them that that
wasn't real they will immediately go to
another hoax and they'll say well what
about that time he wrote that article
about the Central Park five and said
black people should be executed or
something
and then you say but you know that
full-page ad he took out
about the central power at 5:00 didn't
mention the central part five it was
about crime in general didn't mention
race now it was of course in the context
of the Central Park five so people
people understood and he wanted them to
that that was sort of a triggering
factor but he wasn't talking about that
he made a general statement about
violent crime should have the death
penalty all right so if you say that the
people say all right well there was that
one but what about this or what about
that and you could pretty much go down
the line but don't let them do that I
would say don't let them go whack-a-mole
on you I would say remove the
charlottesville hoax if you can and then
just walk away because you want that one
to sink in you want somebody to believe
or well you want them to understand that
the most central part of their belief
about this president was not only a hoax
but a crazy one that you should actually
feel embarrassed after somebody explains
to you how taken you were and and I want
you to here's here's my challenge to the
mainstream media I am a well-known
public figure saying in public that the
biggest story of one of the biggest
stories of the last three years is a
hoax
you're not going to report that will you
because in order to report it you're
gonna have to take in one of the biggest
pillars of TDS and you're not going to
do that so watch how quiet things get
even though I've said the most
outrageous thing you could possibly say
that a major moose news story was a hoax
we're gonna watch for yourself watch for
yourself how ignored I am about that
alright not going to significantly
increase Trump's pace no matter what
probably not I'm not sure that we're in
a world where anybody increases their
base
they're just so few people you know I'll
tell you one thing one thing to look out
for for the 22 twenty20 election i i've
been watching as some smart people have
been saying okay trumps base to stay
with him the people who would never vote
for Trump or of course staying where
they were but what about those
independents you've heard this right the
experts will say yeah but the
independents are very anti Trump right
now and you need the independence and he
needed them to get elected so the most
important group the only group that
could be persuaded they're they're
they're persuaded against him right now
so 2020 it doesn't look good
here's my prediction independents are
playing a game in which they get to have
their cake and eat it too meaning that
if you're an independent you want to
distance yourself from Trump's
reputation by saying I don't like Trump
now yeah I don't like him because you
don't want to take any responsibility
for anything you might do that you don't
like or somebody else doesn't like but
now it's 2020 and you walk into the
voting booth and you've got a choice
between somebody who's talking about
socialist policies and a president who
for four years has pretty much killed it
on all the important stuff we might be
looking at wrapping up five different
Wars you know you know the five right if
you count I mean you know just generally
speaking I'm talking about Yemen is is
starting to talk peace that's part of
our influence you saw that North Korea
is going well you see that Syria is you
know winding down from the big problem
to a smaller problem we're probably
going to get out of Afghanistan and
pretty soon we're told that they will
unveil a a Middle East peace plan so
that's you know the Palestinians I I
assume are the focus of that and rant
so it's impossible that at the end of
four years we'll have a president who's
made progress or at least de-escalated
five wars five wars you probably will
have a an economy that's screaming and
again even if you say well you know
Obama gave them a good head start there
even if you want to say that if you
don't break it for four years you're not
you're not dangerous that's for sure and
you might have a higher GDP than then
Obama had so you're going to see a lot
of good news coming in at just the
performance of the country you'll
probably have something like some wall
begun by then and and I'll tell you why
even if he doesn't succeed with as much
border security as he wanted there's one
thing you can definitely say about this
president it does look like he's putting
it all out there it does look like the
president is doing everything that he
can figure out how to do he's taking the
risk he's taking the political risk he's
pushing every button he's pushing every
door he's turning over every rock in
front of us so in in my view no matter
why he does get done in border security
and I think you can safely say they'll
be better than when he took office
whatever that looks like people are
going to say well we hired you to put in
that hard work and you did and we
watched why it didn't work and it seems
to me the other team you know it seems
to me that the other team is the reason
it wasn't working so here's my bottom
line when it comes to the the election
day I think the independents who have
been saying I don't like that Trump you
know I don't want to you know be
associated with anything he does I think
they're gonna walk in and they're gonna
say socialism then we don't have to pay
for or four more years of really pretty
good stuff happening and that four more
years of pretty good stuff happening is
it's going to be persuasive
[Music]
all right um if somebody says
immigration is everything if he doesn't
fix it well we'll probably be in a
situation by Election Day in which the
president will have a a supportable
claim that he improved the immigration
situation substantially now you might
argue the details you might say it's
hyperbole you might say you know some
things better or some things aren't you
know so there will be always room for
criticism but I think he's gonna have a
solid argument in favor of the the
proposition that he improved immigration
border control
are you better now than four years ago
I'm not are you so but personally I'm
financially worse awful but that's
because you know there's sort of a
natural boycott that's built into saying
anything about politics so I'm sort of
naturally boycotted but for those of you
who are also in the boycotted category I
tell you again that my my company that
my startup that makes this app called
interface by wine hub now you can sign
up as an expert or any kind of celebrity
or personality you don't have to be an
expert and there's a donate button let
me show you so every every person who
signs up gets a donate button and you
can donate a dollar or any amount you
want to them directly if you want to
support their work and they've been TD
platformed by other by other places all
right and so a number of people did sign
up and sent me a dollar yesterday and
more and more in a few cases and I
really appreciate it I have to tell you
that you you probably know that yeah I
would probably do this with or without
money because that's not my motivation
right now
but it does make a difference I gotta
say that when I see even a dollar come
through I think well there's somebody
who took their time to send me this
dollar and the dollar didn't mean much
to the person who sent it and it won't
change my lifestyle but I got to say
that on some level it feels good every
single time and I appreciate it's very
encouraging and it's motivational and I
appreciate it
what if I'm a nobody can I sign up yeah
anybody can sign up but to be an expert
on anything and you can or you can just
sign up to be a celebrity and you can
have a donate button will publish a way
to link to it in the next few days and
that'll make it easier you can put it on
your webpage and stuff
alright I have papers stopped carrying
Dilbert because of your support for
Trump not that I'm aware of there are a
few thousand newspapers and I don't
always get informed if the smaller ones
are dropping the era having me I don't
hear about that but I haven't noticed so
if it happened it would have been you
know a water law here or there but I
haven't noticed the the newspaper
industry is unique and it's unique in
that they can take the heat they're used
to contra controversy so the newspaper
industry would be the least likely to
punish punish me for having a political
belief that's that would be the
antithesis of the newspaper business
they're that they're not that kind of
people they're the kind of people who
would like competing ideas sheiva
cannabis scope yeah here dr. Shiva is
anti cannabis I believe right I saw
something in the news recently I don't
think I would get in a medical
discussion with a doctor that wouldn't
be a good look
and that's one of those cases where you
need somebody you need a pro at a con so
I couldn't do that conversation without
a pro and a con with me all right so all
right I'm looking at your comments I
think we've said it all
watch out tomorrow there is no article
in the mainstream press there might be
something on the the conservative press
but there will be nothing in the
mainstream press about me calling one of
the biggest stories in the news a hoax
watch that and if that doesn't tell you
something well that's all I have to say
and I will talk to you tomorrow