[Music]
bumbum bumbum bumbum
Oh lots of stuff going on coming at you
hard coming in fast coming in hot
that's right it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and the simultaneous sip
that's coming at you soon but we got all
kinds of news oh yeah Hillary is back
I'm making news impeachments on it's the
rumble and Congress get it on we can
talk about that but we don't talk about
these things without the proper
preparation imagine imagine trying to
talk about these topics without the
simultaneous Epis
I'm I can't even imagine it can you but
luckily you won't have to imagine it for
long because all you need to enjoy this
conversation is a cup or a mug or a
glass at ankor Chelsea Stein in the
canteen Jagger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine zit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous app go yup just as good
as I thought it would be every time it's
amazing alright let's talk about
impeachment here's the way I think it
should go now there gonna be lots of
clever legal maneuver maneuvering there
will be surprises there will be shocks
there will be outrage so we can't
totally predict where things are going
but here's how it should go you should
start with Alan Dershowitz making his
argument about the constitutionality or
lack thereof of the claims themselves
so apparently Alan Dershowitz will be
arguing that the the allegations do not
rise to the level of
impeachable now
given that alan dershowitz is in my
personal opinion the impeachment kill
shot to me it looks like he's going to
drive a stake through the heart of this
whole thing and that the republican
senators are going to look at each other
and say do you need to hear anymore
probably not
i think we're done here shall we have a
vote so one way it could go is if
Dershowitz has to say the other side
response to it and Republicans say it's
all we need because if it's not an
impeachable offense and we accept dursa
which is argument which i think the
republicans will you don't need to dig
into the details there's nothing there
to impeach on but here's the fun part
CNN had Dershowitz back on after I think
a pretty long hiatus and I believe the
reason if if I interpret this right from
things that Dershowitz himself has said
I believe that CNN sort of put an
embargo on him for a long time he used
to be on CNN all the time
also Fox you know he would appear on the
big the big networks but CNN sort of
shut him out because he was a little too
let's say his arguments were a little
too favorable for the president and that
was not allowable apparently but they
had it back on and I thought to myself
well that's interesting
it looks like Alan Dershowitz is going
to drive a stake through their their
most favored topic impeachment why would
they have Alan Dershowitz on CNN again
after this long embargo if he's just
going to get on the air and drive a
stake through the heart of the thing
they love the most
doesn't make sense right but then I find
out it's an ambush and here's the ambush
so it was Anderson Cooper's show
Anderson Cooper talking to Dershowitz
and they played a 1998 video of
Dershowitz with a total opposite opinion
oh no they've got it now
I thought Dershowitz was like the The
Vampire Slayer
but ah darn it the these people have
been around for a while they've got a
long video record and it's now hard to
go back and find out that they said
exactly the opposite thing let's say in
this case about the Clinton impeachment
so let me give you a paraphrase but this
is what Alan Dershowitz said in 1998 and
I want you to compare this to his
embarrassing flip-flop in 2020 all right
in 1998 he said get on paraphrasing that
it doesn't need to technically be a
crime and order for the impeachment to
be valid all right that's what he said
in 1998 that it doesn't need to be
technically a crime to be impeachable
and he's totally flip-flopped and CNN
has got him I mean they've got him too
goods right now in 2020 he said that it
doesn't need to be a technical crime to
be impeachable do you see the difference
let me give it to you again
and how embarrassing for inertia what's
that he's caught in this flip-flop in
1998 he said it doesn't need to be
technically a crime to be impeachable
but in 2020 complete reversal he says it
doesn't need to be a crime to be
impeachable now if you're not smart like
Anderson Cooper you're probably saying
to yourself Oh Scott are you miss
speaking or am i losing my mind because
those do sound like exactly the same
things so what did Alan Dershowitz do
when shown video proof on live TV of how
he's flip-flopped well here's another
example of why you don't want to be on
the other side of arguing against Alan
Dershowitz it's not going to go well
Dershowitz his reply which I've been
laughing about for a full day as he said
I was right then and I'm more right
today
yeah I was right then and I'm war right
today and and he went on to say that
he's done further research and and his
is more refined argument which is not as
no conflict whatsoever with his his
prior argument in both cases he said it
didn't need to technically be a crime
but he's adding a little flavor to it
now saying that that it would have to at
least be crime like now put a bunch of
politicians in a room let's call them
Congress and have them argue what people
who have been dead for hundreds of years
actually meant what were their inner
thoughts literally what were the inner
thoughts of people who have been dead
for hundreds of years when they said
crime like what did that mean
what the hell knows what that means
don't you think you get a hundred people
to argue a hundred different opinions
about what it means to be crime like so
I think we'd all agree that if something
doesn't look a lot like a crime I mean
so much so that you ask yourself why is
it not illegal you know it's just not
going to be impeachable and how many
crimes on the book are there for this
thing called abuse of power from the
president none why is it why is it I
asked that Congress in all of its
hundreds of years have never thought to
make it a crime to abuse your power well
maybe it's because it's a little
subjective you can't really have a crime
if you're not sure a crime has been
committed in other words you can't have
a law that says it's a crime to do X
when nobody can even agree what X looks
like what the hell is ax ok great we've
got a it's illegal to do X but every
what X is that's not a that's not a law
you want on the books and indeed we
don't we don't have that law of the
books so I think Dershowitz is
they're so it's this point that these do
not rise the level of impeachable will
be well received at least by the
Republicans but maybe there's one level
more you have to go because if you're
gonna try to nail down that case that
these are not crime like you might have
to dig into it a little bit further and
I would say that there's only one
remaining question was there a
legitimate national interest in finding
out about Biden and Purisima because you
don't want you don't want Ukraine and
maybe Russia because you know Russia is
listening to everything that Ukraine is
doing one way or another you know what
Russia and Ukraine have potential
blackmail over the guy who might be the
next president and so I would say of all
of the potential Ukrainian corruption
issues of which there are many there's
one that's sitting at the top there's
one that matters to the United States I
mean the other ones might matter more to
Ukraine but the ones that matter the
most the United States is do you have
something on our potential next
president because if we don't know if
you can control him or not we have a
risk so of course president Trump has a
legitimate national interest now here's
where it gets fun what were president
Trump's inner intentions was his inner
intention to protect the United States
from a potential future president who
has some blackmail potential doesn't
matter no doesn't matter it only matters
that an objective observer would say
yeah those that was an important issue
it was a top priority it was the
national interest if it also helps the
president politically is that a reason
that he can't do it no everything the
president does is intended by design by
that by the by the system itself is
designed to be good for the president
if you didn't have that system why would
anybody do anything that you wanted
because people are selfish and and have
their own interest in mind it has to be
the only way you can have a good system
it's the way capitalism works as well is
that selfish behavior in general is
somehow good for the system you want
your politicians to selfishly try to get
it reelected because the only way they
can do that really well
is by doing the work of the people so
selfishness has built in as not just
something we tolerate it's the most
important part of the system a president
pursuing his own self-interest is
exactly the system we want because how
do you do that when everybody's watching
only one way there's only one way to do
it when everybody's watching and that's
to do the work of the people so here's
an interesting little thing yeah I've
been telling you recently have my world
has just become weird you know with with
a number of well just contacts an
influence that I seem to be having on
very unrelated areas but so you know
that if you've been watching
so yesterday I guess rush limbaugh did
an extended piece about my Twitter
thread on the topic of impeachment
now how weird is that I mean so Rush
Limbaugh probably the biggest audience
on the right but you said some very
complimentary things which I appreciate
thank you rush but he he was emphasizing
the same point that as long as and he
was he was presenting my opinion he
wasn't I don't think he gave an opinion
on my opinion so this was my opinion he
talked about not not necessarily his own
opinion at least the way it was raped
and I think that's the next the next
question but here's here's your tell
that is it's exactly how the president's
team is going to go forward if you look
at the legal document that came out I
think it was a hundred and nine P
something from the president's lawyers I
think that came out yesterday one of the
top arguments I mean I think the top
argument is that these are not impeach
above offenses but I think it was number
two and I'm just running off a memory
here but I think the second biggest one
was that you can't impeach or it
wouldn't be good for the country to
impeach a president based on your
assumption of wait for it wait for it
you don't want to impeach a president
for your assumption of their intentions
mind reading is on the table
mind reading because the only way you
know somebody's secret inner intentions
unless they tell you and and you believe
them which is hard enough is you read
their mind this entire impeachment case
is built on the assumption that the
president's critics can read his mind
and the only thing they see there is his
intention to help himself is that in
evidence has the president ever said my
only intention is to help myself no
that's not in evidence is there any of
these fact witnesses who has ever
claimed that they heard the president
say that the only reason I'm doing this
is for my reelection has nothing to do
with the good of the country there's no
evidence of that
so quite reasonably the president's
lawyers are going to argue apparently
since they've already put this in that
document that you don't want to live in
a world where you can be punished by
other people's opinion of what you're
thinking and that's what the that's what
the case rests on the case rests
entirely on critics opinions of what
somebody else is thinking secretly
secretly thinking that's actually the
case and the Republicans are calling
them out for it now too
correctly it's one of the top top points
first of all it's not impeachable
Dershowitz will handle that quite well
I'm sure and secondly you don't want a
world where you're impeaching presidents
for your opinion of what they're
thinking it's not a system that's
supportable so I'm gonna have to say
that the president's case is looking
super strong you know from the beginning
we've been saying we can't see a
situation where the president won't get
at least the enough Republican votes to
dismiss this thing but I would say at
this point on top of the politics of it
which I think we know is going to go one
way the argument is solid
there is a airtight in my opinion you
know no legal scholar but as a citizen
when I look at this I think well one of
these two sides as a rock-solid argument
and the other side has just nothing just
nothing so I think the Republicans have
plenty of cover and in that sense the
president's team will have done what it
needed to do which is provide cover for
the Republicans who might be in a weaker
position this is really good because the
the Republicans would have failed if
they did what I'll call I hate to throw
him under the bus but I'm gonna call it
the Jim Jordan approach to defending
this thing the the Jim Jordan approach
and maybe it was the only choice he had
given given the cards that were played
but I think it's a mistake to delve into
the details of who said he said who did
what when did it happen what was on the
document who whispered to who what did
they believe as soon as you get into
those weeds the public doesn't know
what's going on and since the entire
point is to convince the public which
gives cover for the other Republicans
and also it's good for the Republic just
to educate the public you got to keep it
simple you got to keep it simple
Dershowitz keeps his simple that's one
of his superpowers how simple is this
the Constitution says it's got to be
high crimes or misdemeanors and they
allow that it could be criminal like the
things alleged are not in that category
you can look at them yourself they're
not in that category that's it
how simple is that here's the one
sentence this says what is compete ball
here's what they allege they don't match
can't beat that
that's why he's Alan Dershowitz and
you're not because he went right to the
heart of it put the dagger in it and
said all right you don't need the rest
of this stuff I just put a dagger in the
heart you don't need to kick him in the
shins you know keep kicking you in the
shins if you want to but I just put a
dagger in the heart I think that's gonna
take care of it all right so there's
that let's talk about something else
Iran some Iranian lawmaker I don't know
how high up on the Iranian lawmaker
scale this guy is but he's placed a
three million dollar bounty on president
Trump's head this guy's name is Ahmad
Hamza and there's some question about
whether he has any support from the top
on this but apparently we haven't seen
any at least public pushback on it and I
don't think we could it's a sort of
thing the Ayatollah probably wouldn't
push back on but how do you take this an
Iranian lawmaker and we know his name we
know where he lives we probably know
what he looks like probably know what
car he uses probably know where he
commutes where is the office where's
your house
do we have authority to take this guy
out with a drone now that he's put a
three million dollar bounty on the
president's head I say yes I say yes I
say that if he had just been talking
trash I would say no but when you put a
three million dollar bounty on my
president's head my president can kill
you and I will I will support him
now I don't know if that's the best play
I I'm not saying that it would be wise
in fact wisdom would probably say to
ignore it
but just from a personal citizen
perspective this is just my opinion I'm
not asking you to adopt this opinion and
I don't suggest that the government do
this because probably causing more
trouble it's just not the right time but
in terms of legitimacy in my opinion he
could be taken out there but - but
probably don't do it there's a Steve
Cortes I call I'm gonna start calling
him the zombie hoax killer because he
kills hoaxes specifically the
Charlottesville hoax
now speaking of people who have been
banned from CNN
Steve Cortez a one of probably one of
the most eloquent effective I don't like
to use the word eloquent let's say most
effective supporters of the president
especially when it comes to knocking
down these hoaxes about every week he
has to come an of you know he has to go
back in the ring kill another zombie
hoax it was usually the Charlottesville
hoax and he was actually he was actually
also embargoed from CNN after he did his
what was it the video on the
Charlottesville hoax calling him notice
the hopes that it was at Prague Review
and I guess the president retweeted that
it got six million views and it just
completely flies in the face of all the
reporting cNN has been doing on this
topic and so he was sort of uninvited
from CNN until his contract runs out but
he has to get back in the ring because
after this Virginia second-amendment
rally thing
the press was trying to set this up like
it was going to be Charlottesville - as
if Charlottesville one happened the way
they said it happened now of course
there was a tragedy there that that part
is real but the way that the
CNN reported it is that the president
called the racist fightin people he
literally said the opposite of that they
just reported opposite of the video and
the transcript amazingly they still do
it it's opposite of the transcript kind
of opposite of the video of the event
and they still report it that way
Steve Cortez points that out on the air
and that's that's it for him you don't
get to be on the air if you report it
the way it actually happened
all right so an interesting and one more
word about that Virginia gun rally that
was a lot of gun owners in one place
with no trouble that's the story I don't
know how many people were there but the
crowds looked pretty big probably every
one of the pro-second amendment people
or at least you know hi 90 percents
we're gonna nurse they may or may not
have had guns with them I don't know how
that worked but that is a lot of gun
owners in one place to have no violence
and I understand that anti-fraud decided
to take a pass I'm seeing some numbers
in the comments 22,000 somebody said
different different numbers 22,000 armed
Americans no trouble cause or effect is
it a cause is it was there no trouble
because there were 22,000 armed Patriots
and the same zip code well probably
probably I don't think it was a
coincidence
you put that many Patriots with guns in
one place
I guess people don't cause trouble so
that would in some ways the Virginia
Second Amendment rally is the greatest
non-story of the year all right it's a
non-story because there was no trouble
that's the story and that's a big story
22,000 you know gun owners not happy
22000 pissed off gun owners that makes
it a better story because it's true
right
they weren't just there for fun they
were pissed off no trouble it's
phenomenal it's inspirational really
there were criticisms that the crowd
looked if you were watching the news on
the left or at least social media you
would see them noting that the crowd
looked insanely white there was like the
whitest crowd you've ever seen but then
you go over to the the news sources that
are on the right and it was a it was
just continuous clips and interviews
with African American mostly men I think
who also attended the rally were also
Second Amendment proponents so you saw
come to completely world different
worlds on the left they just showed
pictures of white people on the right
ironically a whole bunch of pictures of
African American mostly men promoting
their second Amendment rights so you saw
really two worlds completely differently
there and I keep saying this but watch
how true this becomes I think this will
be the story after the election I'm
assuming the Trump wins and I think
you're going to find this split we've
talked forever about how the the black
vote goes goes for the Democrats let's
say Biden gets the nomination just for
fun he would absorb most or you know the
lion's share of the black vote because
he's always had great black support
which I give him credit for
I'm not sure that the black vote is
going to be a unified block anymore
now of course has never been a unified
Block in in the real sense but I feel as
though the men are gonna move toward
Trump while the women are moving away
and I think that we're gonna have to
start talking about the black vote as
the male black vote and the female black
vote and I think it's going to look
different
by Election Day and and that we're gonna
have to talk about it as they're no
longer one block but they may have
separated by gender so look for that I
love this next story I love this Hillary
Clinton apparently has a documentary out
in which she trashes Bernie Sanders and
she says that no one likes him he only
had one friend in Congress and then in
interviews in interview she's saying
that Bernie is basically a sexist and
that the charge against him is not so
much about what Bernie himself may have
or may have not said but Hillary's
trying to have it both ways
she's tried to pave Sanders as a sexist
because a lot of his Bernie bros
supporters are clearly sexist in their
online behavior now is that claim going
to stick does it does it feel like it
sticks a little bit it kind of does it's
not that dumb that what's not dumb at
all in fact it's actually quite smart
let me let me take any negative off that
at all
it's really clever and let me connect
some dots there's something happening
here that I don't know I feel like I can
see it coming from a mile away and I
know that not one of you agrees so let
me let me stipulate that the hypothesis
I'm about to describe I know none of you
believe this but just watch just for fun
let's see here's the hypothesis Hillary
is taking out Bernie and she's going
hard at it and I think the Hillary has
the power to make a dent so it looks
like Hillary's gonna try to paint Bernie
as a sexist not because of something
Bernie did and she was very clever when
she talked about the the disputed
meeting between Warren and say
and you know did he really say that a
woman can't win or did he say it would
be harder you know what did he exactly
say so Hillary takes this great and I
say great that mean evil but very
effective taking on it she says you know
if that had been if that happened in
isolation you wouldn't make much of it
I'm paraphrasing her and I'm thinking
yeah that's true if it was the only
thing that ever happened that was an
accusation about Bernie and sexism you'd
probably discount it and maybe even say
well it probably didn't happen because
it's inconsistent with everything Bernie
is said and done for his entire career
totally inconsistent so you'd probably
just brush it away but Hillary very
cleverly says no it's sort of part of a
pattern and it's not necessarily a
pattern of what Bernie is doing it's
more of a pattern of what he's not doing
and what he's not doing is tamping down
on his own supporters there Bernie bros
who are doing sexist stuff online now is
it true that bernie is not tamping down
on his own supporters some of whom
they're not many but some of whom are
trolls and sexist is it true that he's
not clamping down them yeah yeah it's
kind of true because it's not something
that that you see candidates do now if a
candidate has you know just horrible
horrible people supporting them you know
terrorists or something they're good to
say something about that but it's not
really a thing the candidates turn
against their own supporters for bad
behavior Trump doesn't do it Bernie
doesn't do it
Hillary doesn't do it it's just not a
thing no smart candidate is going to
turn against their own own supporters
before just bad social media behavior
even if they don't like it it's just not
a thing so with this it's a great attack
because Bernie can't change his being a
little bit silent on it and and she can
paint it as a pattern
so it looks like Hillary's trying to
take Bernie out that seems very clear I
think Elizabeth Warren will be taken out
by Wall Street in other words there are
enough rich Democrats there Warren
doesn't really maybe have the energy so
I can see Bernie beat being taken out by
Hillary I can see Elizabeth Warren just
not getting past the the fact that rich
Democrats don't want to give away all
the money and I think Budaj edge will
take himself out in other words Budaj
edge will just be Budaj edge but he's
got kind of a cap on his support I think
you know I just I just don't know that
his vibe is marvelous is his looking too
young his experience as a mayor I just I
just don't see that breaking through so
if we take the assumption that those
three are out of the race that gives us
biden and of course he's already leading
the polls so that's not that's not a
thing but here's here's some reading
between the lines you ready when the
Hillary talked about it and she
mentioned Bernie Bros being sexist she
name-check to two people in this order
here's the important part in this order
if you were going to criticize Bernie
Sanders this week for being sexist
which is not by the way there's no
evidence of that zero evidence that
bernie is sexist zero evidence probably
one of the most consistently you know
Pro everybody candidate you've ever seen
you got to respect that right but still
she makes the claim now if you were
going to talk about Bernie being sexist
in this fake accusation wouldn't you
mention Elizabeth Warren as your first
example of that you would wouldn't you
because that's the news it's about
Bernie and Warren so if you were going
to mention who you say yeah Elizabeth
Warren that's my best example what does
she mention instead calmly Harris she
says yeah you've got these two examples
the way she treated calmly Harris and
and the way the Bernie bros are treating
Elizabeth Warren in both cases it's the
birdie bro is not not necessarily Bernie
now do you know the Kabul Harris is the
most closely associated in terms of her
advisers and her political campaign
that's in hiatus do you know she was the
one who had the most Hillary Clinton
supporters on her team did you know that
because here's where we're going we're
heading toward Biden in charge you know
Biden in the top spot and Kamala Harris
is running mate because it looks like
that's what cliff it feels to me that's
where where Hillary is heading now if
you get that you're gonna have a
situation that I call Bush's brain do
you remember when George Bush jr. was
president and everybody said he's not
the real president because he's he's
just not bright enough now I don't think
that's true but they said he's not the
real president it's really Dick Cheney
because Dick Cheney's more experienced
and he's connected with the deep state
and everything so that was the big claim
about him is that the real president was
not even him the real president was Dick
Cheney what happens if you get a wobbly
Joe Biden as president or even candidate
for president and a young go-getter with
Hillary's entire team behind her calmly
Harris well it's going to start a little
bit like she's Biden's brain and it
won't be coming from her necessarily it
will be coming from Clinton Hillary
Clinton has a path to the presidency
without running for office in other
words Hillary Clinton has great control
over the people who are great supporters
those supporters apparently are on the
Comley Harris team and if Carmel harris
becomes the vice president what are
people gonna say about who's really in
charge I rest my case
do you see it yet because it's as clear
as day
it's as clear as day and this is one of
the reasons why Hillary Clinton is not
going to jump into the race late the
reason she's not going to jump into the
race is because she already has a path
to power that doesn't involve the work
and there you go now I'll say this again
sometimes my predictions are just for
fun
and sometimes there are actual
predictions this one's sort of a this
one's sort of a hybrid I think there's
more chance of this happening than not
happening but I wouldn't put it in in my
usual confident predictions where I feel
like there's a hundred percent chance so
it's not a hundred percent chance but
certainly that's where things are lining
up all right something really
interesting on climate change is
happening this is the biggest story in
the world and it's not reported these
are the fun ones the biggest story in
the world and the first time you're
gonna hear it is for me you ready this
is kind of fun you may not even hear
this on the regular news maybe not even
once and it's because the way I'm gonna
frame this and put it together President
Trump one of his biggest weaknesses is
his his statement from long ago that
climate change was a hoax a Chinese hoax
and of course he is paid for that
statement forever and something's
happening watch this I give you some
data points and then connect them are
you ready data point number one I think
it was a week or so ago Trump was in
being interviewed by somebody I don't
remember and whoever it was said you
said that climate change was a hoax and
then he responded to that
how did he respond when an interviewer
said you said climate change was a hoax
he said and I'm paraphrasing this is not
his exact quote and he said no hoax
those words no hoax
there's no hoax and that he quickly said
what he wanted to say about clean air
and clean water
he usually frames it that way it's it's
not he's not focusing on the co2 content
he says clean air clean water we get to
the same place so data point number one
he has expressly disowned his own choice
of words from long ago that was really
hyperbole that it's a hoax but as he
completely released because the hoax
covered two points one of those points
was that China is cleverly agreeing to
the Paris Accords because it's good for
China they get lots of freedom to do
what they want but it would be very
restrictive on the the United States
economy and that would be good for China
so China is sort of cleverly going along
with this because they know it's just
bad for our economy has nothing to do
with with the environment at all that's
the hoax part is is China's intention
now I'm not saying if it's true or false
all I'm gonna say is that there are two
parts to the hoax the second part is the
question of whether the the science is
right or right enough that there's
there's a big problem there
I believe the president quite cleverly
is in the middle of an historic pivot
that he will never call a pivot but just
watch the data points coming together
are you ready I believe he's going to
loosen up on this part of the hoax
in other words it'll probably keep going
with the it was good for China's economy
and the joke was on us if we stayed with
the Paris Accords the climate of course
the joke would be on us and that's sort
of I think he's going to keep that
framing but he's starting to release on
the the question of the scientific
validity of it and he should because the
scientific consensus is pretty
darn strong that there's something to
worry about data point number two over
at Davos the president has signed on to
the trillion tree plan to plant a
trillion trees by 2050 around the world
to help absorb co2 huh why would the
President of the United States signed on
to a deal to help plant two trillion
trees unless he had bought into the
concept and he's telling us right now
that there's too much co2 in terms of
the risk to the climate why would he say
yes to the trillion trees unless he's
pivoting evolving to the view that well
trees are good clean air is good we like
trees it's not probably not that
expensive and the in the big scheme of
things it's not going to hurt our
economy but it feels it feels as though
he's no I'm not mind reading I'm not
mind reading I'm just giving you the
data points you can do all of this
without without the mind reading so will
it will speculate all right so let's
call this speculating which is always
fair mind reading is not mind reading is
when you're sure you see something in
there I'm not saying that I'm looking at
the data and saying well it looks like
this all right here's another data point
Kevin McCarthy is part of a group who
are putting together a group to talk
about
let's say McCarthy held a caucus event
on climate change Thursday what Kevin
McCarthy a high-ranking Republican is
having a caucus event on climate change
do you have a caucus event on climate
change if what you're really trying to
say is there's no risk here and there's
no problem now you don't so suddenly the
president is not calling it a hoax the
president is signing on with no with no
fight he's fully embracing a trillion
trees which you don't need to do
unless there's a real problem and then
Kevin McCarthy high ranking Republican
of course the president knows what he's
doing
yeah because they're at that same level
I mean the highest level of the
Republican Party why would he hold a
caucus event on climate change unless he
thought that was real why would he do
that he wouldn't
again we're speculating about my dream
and here are the points that his little
group I must say he's so he so he's a
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy and
he's working with representatives Garret
graves and Bruce Westerman and three of
them are proposing policies that focus
on the three efforts the first is the
capturing of carbon dioxide and part of
that is the trillion trees but another
part I assume I didn't see this
expressly but one assumes that all the
startups that have machines that can
directly suck the carbon out of the air
is going to be part of that so why would
the House Minority Leader proposed
policies for capturing carbon dioxide if
he didn't think it was a problem he what
he wouldn't all right
so Republicans have it seems to me at
the leadership level have clearly
embraced that the scientific part and
again watch me closely just the
scientific part looks valent in terms of
the risk the second part is promoting
clean energy but the boom oh they're
looking to expand tax credits for carbon
capture you know typical Republican
stuff and the second part of the plan is
the promotion of clean energy which
includes investments in doubling of
investments if if the proposals go
forward it would be a doubling of
investment in clean air research and
lowering taxes for companies that export
clean air tech that's interesting if
they export the clean
Tech in other words it's the other
companies other countries that probably
need it more than us if they export they
get a tax break that makes sense
that at least the incentives are in the
right place but here's the other part
nuclear power and natural gas are also
featured in the plan but what I hate is
that it's it's like the last sentence on
this thing nuclear power and natural gas
now natural gas is less polluting than
coal for example and we've got plenty of
it so it's a good interim fuel so if
you're using natural gas
you're still adding co2 but not nearly
as much as coal for example and maybe
you do that for a while until you can
get your nuclear stuff going at the same
time over in Davos I saw I saw a mention
of this but I have not seen the actual
quotes so I need a I need a fact check
on this I think mark Schneider is trying
to get a fact check on this as well did
President Trump mentioned nuclear and
generation forward nuclear at Davos
because that that's a claim I saw on the
internet that is unn unn confirmed at
this point now put the put the points
together president says it's not a hoax
still the China economy part is still a
little hokey but not that the science
Trump says ok to planting a trillion
trees no reason to do it unless there's
too much co2 no reason Trump apparently
doesn't have a problem with and I assume
that are coordinating this the house
Minority Leader McCarthy GOP having
their own Republican version of climate
change combat you have to it to fight it
duh am I wrong that this is the biggest
story happening right now
the biggest story is that the GOP just
embraced climate change and is acting
aggressively to combat it but doing it
in a Republican way not it's not a crazy
way the crazy way is you get rid of all
your airplanes and your cars and we all
ride horses and
stuff like that how long have you been
waiting for this my god the the GOP has
had this big gaping hole in their
portfolio which is just crazy talk about
climate when the whole time they could
do stuff that was completely Republican
that would that would at least make
their case stronger and now that are
pursuing it so I would say that the GOP
is taking a path on climate change which
in my opinion is way stronger than then
the green New Deal which feels
impractical the stuff the Republicans
are suggesting seems completely
practical 100% practical but here's
here's the kill shot
are you ready for this I want you to
parse the president's words about it so
he was talking about hosting us and he
wants a I guess there's a lot of focus
there on in quote a cohesive and
sustainable world so it's a big theme
over at Davos at the conference and so
Trump announced that we'd be joining the
1 trillion trees initiative the blah
blah blah and then he went on to say and
listen to the exact words it's very
important Trump said that to to embrace
the possibilities of tomorrow we must
reject the perennial prophets of doom
and their predictions of the apocalypse
so he's not talking about what's true or
false in terms of the science look how
carefully he's chosen his words to
embrace the possibilities of tomorrow
and I assume that would mean you know
nuclear green technology all the
possibilities tomorrow good economy all
those to embrace that good future we
must reject the perennial prophets of
doom and their predictions of the
apocalypse and he goes on there are
errors of yesterday's fortune tellers so
he's demeaning all the people all the
Doomsday errs and we have them and I and
we have them meaning the United States
and I have them beating the United
States and they want to see us do badly
well no they don't
but so so that part you should ignore
that's that's just a political statement
nobody nobody wants to see us do badly
except maybe China but we don't let that
happened and here and here's the kill
shot
this is from President Trump in Davos
quote this is not a time for pessimism
this is a time for optimism fear and
doubt is not a good thought process Wow
because this is a time for a tremendous
hope and joy and optimism and action how
many times have I told you that
President Trump learned at the knee of
the greatest honor the greatest positive
thinking prophet ever norman vincent
peale who was actually trump's pastor or
minister or whatever in church when he
was a kid
the power of positive thinking and this
is what the president is saying pretty
directly so if you put it all together
it does seem that the president is now
embracing the scientific consensus the
co2 is a threat but he's doing it in his
trump way which in my opinion is perfect
I wouldn't say that about a lot of
things well maybe I do say that about a
lot of things but his framing of this
the the new frame where he's sort of
evolving too is really perfect
because he's focusing on the optimism
versus pessimism in other words he's
basically saying what I've been telling
you this is a version of the Adams law
of slow-moving disasters if you have a
quick disaster and it catches us off
guard us being the United States us
being humanity if something catches us
off guard well we could be in trouble
but when the United States and the world
in general sees a big problem coming
from 50 50 years away when we see a
common and we're on the same page and
now we are president United States is
very clearly on the same page with the
scientific consensus at this point
when you've got that optimism is the
right mindset because it's the optimism
that plants you a trillion trees it's
the optimism that builds new carbon
sucking devices
it's the optimism that gets you to
generation for nuclear power it's the
optimism that gets you to everything you
need pessimism is the wrong mindset to
solve the problem so the president just
entered fully entered in my opinion he
has fully entered the climate topic in a
productive way and the the same thing he
does every time he enters the topic he
hollows it out and he wears it as a suit
he didn't just enter the contest he
hollowed it out he redefined it as a war
against pessimist and optimists and he's
right this is a battle between optimists
and pessimists and the pessimists have a
mindset which for all of our human
experience we've learned is not
productive so he's doing the stuff you
can do he's ignoring the stuff that
doesn't make any difference let's say
the Paris climate Accord didn't make any
difference so he doesn't do it planting
a trillion trees does that make a
difference probably yes going hard at
nuclear energy to get you know clean
power that eats nuclear waste as its own
fuel and doesn't melt down is that some
place we should go how do you get there
does a pessimism get you to generation
for nuclear power no it doesn't get you
nothing pessimism gets you nothing this
president and you know I say this until
you're tired of hearing it but what I
like about this president is not that he
does everything the way I want him to
not that he doesn't break things not
that there isn't some cost to his
presidency the risk he's expensive he is
an expensive president and I don't just
mean Secret Service cost when he goes
golfing
he's expensive he costs us a lot of you
know anguish people are going to their
side
Gayatri and stuff like that but the
trade-off is that he has a set of tools
that nobody has ever seen before
I mean you've never seen this before the
President of the United States just
pasted the hell out of the Republican
and conservative parts of this country
he pasted them in other words he agreed
with those who said this climate change
stuff looks a little BSE to us that
doesn't it's not passing the sniff test
he was right there right in the middle
of it and this week he took a new path
who's gonna follow him will the
Republican Party the Conservatives let's
say the Republicans who have 95 percent
or something like that support for this
president do they go with him do they go
with him I say yes I say yes I say this
president just did the greatest thing
this country has ever seen
according to a Oh see you ready for this
this is not my opinion I'm imagining in
opinions is just my imagination I'm
imagining aoc and she's looking at this
how long is a or C been trying to
convince the rest of the country the
other half the skeptics to do something
about climate change well it's her main
thing she's been trying really really
hard how is how is she succeeded she
hasn't
why does a or C not change any minds in
the Republican Party simple
she doesn't taste them she's only pacing
her own team she's being like them until
they trust her and then they'll move
with her because they trust her
President Trump has the trust of
conservatives and the GOP he's been
pacing you for years and he just made a
move
it's the biggest move maybe you've ever
seen this is the biggest persuasion play
happening right now while you're
watching
it's the biggest persuasion play
I've ever seen meaning that it involves
the most people at the highest level and
I think it's gonna kind of work now
obviously he's not gonna get everybody
to move over all the skeptics will dig
in
some of them might may start disliking
the president for it but this is the
biggest story and there's nothing even
close nothing even close but I like the
fact that he's keeping some of the some
of the hoax elements to it in terms of
our projections of doom so let's not
project doom because we can't do that
you know we are we're the United States
and we are humanity and we can solve
this and the president of the United
States just that it's real now we can
solve this and then his team with
McCarthy told you some details of how
that can happen and they're actually
completely practical everything
everything the Republicans are looking
at looks entirely practical now maybe a
wussy would say it's not enough and
that's a productive conversation we
should have that all right what else we
got here I think that I think we hit the
I think we hit the the big points what a
day to be alive I'll tell you I this
country has never been better you know I
feel bad for the people who for just
psychological reasons are sort of
trapped in and own their own internal
hell about what's going on here but man
we have never had better leadership than
we have right now
that's unambiguously there's there's
nothing ever has been close to this I
don't think all right let's say I'll go
get ready and watch the impeachments
show that show is going to be great and
I will talk to you all later