[Music]
hey everybody come on in here I just
noticed you well there plenty of seats
in the front so come on in
Martin good to see you
drew Vicki always a pleasure I think I
know why you're here probably has
something to do with the simultaneous
sip the best part of your day the
dopamine hit that makes everything
better probably grab your a cup your
loving your glass hurry hurry
there's still time is it a tankard
jealous a tankard a jealous some of the
word I keep forgetting a vessel of any
kind about a thermos flask filling with
your favorite liquid and join now for
the simultaneous sick you might wonder
why the sound was so bad it could be
because I was sitting on my microphone
that's possible so hold on let's do the
simultaneous sip correctly you're ready
here it comes
oh so good so just before I went live I
noticed on Twitter I think if this is
true but I would wait for a little more
verification it looks like MSNBC
retweeted some some twitter user from
Media Matters and added a blue checkmark
next to the tweet with Photoshop so in
other words if someone who is not a blue
checkmark on Twitter and msnb Photoshop
them a blue check to make their comment
look more important now if that's true
that's pretty fake news I mean that's
sort of a smoking god bless let's wait
and see if that's true first
all right my favorite story of the day
well I've got a few say favourite
stories did you see that we've we have
we put life on the moon
apparently we recently we meaning people
who have spaceships put these little
things called tardive I've never seen
these is a microscopic we put some of
these they were dehydrated and flown to
the moon so that we may have actually
what we did actually we put life on the
moon but what kind of life did we pick
we picked the only creature in the world
whose mouth and face and ass look
exactly the same
this is a creature so dumb that what it
eats the only way it can tell if it's
shoving food in its mouth or its ass is
by looking at which way its toenails are
pointing that's it otherwise its mouth
and it's ass are the same and so I said
to myself huh I did not know that nature
had a creature that can talk about
politics on Twitter I'll let that sink
in a little bit all right um so of
course all the news is about gun
violence and mass shootings and white
supremacist let's talk about that dr.
Carlson got and got in a little well I
was a he's in any trouble but he caused
a little controversy a little more than
usual and it's because on the show last
night he said that white supremacy is
that all the all of the hoopla about
white supremacy is oaks now he also said
this white supremacist exists there
aren't very many of them in the country
and that in total their impact is is
small and so therefore it's a hoax so
and then he then he announced that he
was going on vacation so
how did see then cover this well they
started so this is a the anatomy of how
fake news is graded it's actually very
clever and and it's diabolical to the
extreme and sometimes you can't tell
when see and then doesn't know what
they're doing
meaning that it's somewhere accidental
based on just ordinary bias now when do
they know exactly what they're doing and
this is one of those cases were pretty
sure they know exactly what they're
doing
so taqwa of course is a huge critical to
see event so you would expect that their
opinion people would come at him pretty
hard and sure enough they did but the
way they did it is is very clever and
can teach us something alright so the
first thing they did is they connected
two random things and acted as if they
have meaning so they said that talker
must be in trouble they suggested they
did not say it's true they simply
suggested the Fox News as a history of
when it's one of his host says something
that other people think is racist
there's hosts or or just provocative
there's host go on vacation suspiciously
to sort of get him out of the line of
fire now it's summer and a lot of people
go on vacation in the summer and Tucker
said he was going on vacation and so CNN
with no with no evidence whatsoever
makes it seem as though his vacation is
sort of a confession that he'd done
something bad but there's no evidence of
that what there is evidence is that it's
August and a lot of people go on
vacation in fact if you were going to
pick a month to go on a vacation and you
were in the news business
what month would you pick well he'd pick
December does everybody's on vacation
but you'd also pick August that would be
the time you go on vacation it's the
slow news month so first they make this
connection that's not a real connection
but by simply putting the two in your
mind you say oh even Tucker Carlson or
at least even his bosses know he's gone
too far none of this is an evidence it's
completely invented all right so that's
the first dirty trick but the but the
next one is the best all right so the so
they're pushing back there were two
opinion pieces I'll talk about brian
Stelter Speas on on cnn.com they're both
pushing back against Tucker's claim that
all the noise about
danger from white supremacists is a hoax
now here's how they push back on it now
one way to push back on it would be to
produce one white supremacist and put
them on TV and say here people I've now
proven that way supremacists exist have
you ever seen a white supremacist I
never have I've seen every other kind of
racist because race is coming you know
lots of different flavors yeah there's
just all kinds of different races so if
he asked me to have I seen racists oh
yeah
have I seen white nationalist people who
would prefer the country and you stay
away oh yeah I've seen those have I ever
seen a white supremacist I haven't I
never have so how how would you what is
the easiest way to prove that white
supremacists exist put one on TV well
where is it where's the white
supremacists even Richards to prep the
Spencer isn't a white supremacist right
if you look into it he would not espouse
white supremacy he's more of a white
nationalist I think would be a better
way to put it so you have to ask
yourself where is the well you don't ask
yourself this look for the dog that
isn't barking if white supremacy is a
really big problem it shouldn't be hard
to find a few and put them on TV so that
we can see number one they exist David
Duke actually is not a way supremacist
as I understand it he's a racist
and I think he's a white nationalist
that might explain him so I'm not I'm
not gonna try to explain David Duke
because I condemn him totally but I
don't believe anybody's ever gone on CNN
in my memory and said that that one race
was superior and should be treated that
way I don't think I've seen it anyway so
that's the first thing but here's the
clever sleight of hand when when I tell
you this you're you're all you can be
shaking your head so hard and knocking
your heads on the counter so hard that
this might be dangerous so you might
want to put it on the helmet before I
read this next part I swear to God
brian Stelter wrote this and CNN all
right you ready for this he says on
white supremacy facts first okay so now
Brian's gonna give us some facts about
white supremacy and those facts will
debunk Tucker Carlson's view that the
whole white supremacist thing is a hoax
so here are his facts to debunk an audit
by the anti-defamation league okay now
this is good stuff he's right on point
talking about the right topic as we
referred to an organization that studies
these things okay this is good and
what's he say what does the
anti-defamation league found the white
supremacist murders in the u.s. quote
more than doubled in 2017 okay that's
serious and more than doubled
now when you say something more than
doubled and and the point of saying it
more than doubled is to say it's a
problem what's the next thing you say
after that right after you say it more
than doubled you say from this number to
this number right so we're so I'll read
that part oh that's not there he said it
doubled and he didn't say from what to
what so I looked at the source
it doesn't say from what to what either
he says it doubled without giving us a
number did it go from 2 to 4 1 to 2 and
why are the numbers only from 2017 in
2017
two years ago if we're worried about a
sudden increase of something is 2017
what we want no it is not so first of
all his numbers are old 2017 would not
tell you that there is a recent spike
and anything because that leaves out the
most recent two years if you talk about
a recent spike he got includes last two
years secondly he says it doubled
without saying what the number is and
even the source doesn't say what the
number is but I guess it gets creepier
here's the rest of the sentence with
far-right extremist groups and white
supremacists quote responsible for 59
percent of all extremists related
fatalities in the US and 2017 okay so if
you add together far-right extremists
plus white supremacists they're
responsible for the majority of the
extremists fatalities okay that's that's
good to know
now he'll next he'll tell us what
percentage of that was the white
supremacist because that's the topic
right the topic is not right-wing deaths
doctor was talking about white
supremacists
so the next thing you'll say is how many
of those were the white supremacists let
me read that it's not there so you see
what he did he he took the white
supremacist for which he had no numbers
that were current and even no numbers
that were not current he added it with
another group for which we do have
numbers and said if you add those two
together it's 59% of all the extremist
related fatalities let me read you
another sentence that's equally true if
you were add together all of the all of
the murders caused by cartoonists plus
extremists and when they count for fifty
nine percent of all the fate of the
extremists fatalities in 2017 that's
true right
if you are add together all of the
people who were murdered by dogs dogs
with guns actual dogs like physically a
dog you know not talking about people
I'm talking about actual dogs if you're
add to the number the number of people
who were killed by dogs with guns to
right-wing extremists they would account
for almost all of the extremist murders
so this is a clever trick by CNN as they
start talking about white supremacists
to debunk that Tucker says white
supremacy is a hoax they show you know
example of even one white supremacist no
picture of one no writing from one no
video of one who makes that claim by the
way and I know what you're gonna say
what about the shell is filled people
marching away tikis we've got lots of
video of that there white supremacist
right are they are you a white
supremacist if you want to remove the
Jews from your country because the Jews
are doing doing too well is wanting to
remove the people who are doing too well
as a a statement that you are supreme
it's kind of the opposite I would say
that if you were look what the the
people marching in Charlottesville were
saying out loud is that they were saying
the that the group that they did not
like the Jews and their words were
taking their blood and treasure in other
words they were being very successful
they were actually criticizing the
success of a group that's literally the
opposite of saying you're awesome and
the other group is bad they're actually
saying the other group is doing better
than them and they would like them out
of the country because they're taking
all their stuff now they're racists
they're white nationalists those are all
true but it's the supremacy part that
gets weird now so so what you see is
that oh and then what the CNN likes to
make lots of references to the El Paso
killers manifesto Compline
problems with that number one it is not
an evidence that the shooter wrote that
manifesto did you know that did you know
it's not in evidence that the shooter
wrote the manifesto
what is it evidence is that it was
uploaded to a Qian from someone who was
not this year so we have an evidence
that the source the source of it the
only source we can trace was a Facebook
post there was someone else now there's
some possibility that the shooter put it
on somebody else's Facebook or you know
somehow it got on Facebook from the
shooter and then it went to a chin but
the evidence suggests he didn't write it
have you seen that on CNN
probably not we heard this from the
founder of a chin and he would know
where it came from
secondly how many people have read the
manifesto I read it and I gotta tell you
on your right back so I read the
manifesto and I was looking for the part
where Trump inspired him to be a white
supremacist it's not really there what
it is this and I tweeted a link from
fire in New York who's talking about
this
I had the exactly the same reaction as
Byron York did if you actually read the
manifesto you'd walk away saying what's
this got to do with Trump the manifesto
literally says indirect words this is
not about Trump I had these feelings
before Trump indirect words he says it
wasn't drunk but if it wasn't Trump who
is it most evocative of who is the
person that is most referenced in the
manifesto well not by name but the
person most directly connected with what
he's talking about in the manifesto he
is Andrew yang because the
ughter in El Paso was talking about
universal basic income and how it will
be necessary because the robots are
coming who says that Trump may have said
it but it's basically Andrew Yang's
whole whole thesis and if the robots
come and take away our jobs we'll need
some kind of universal basic income
andrew Yang's primary platform and the
only way that works is if you secure the
border because if you're giving away
free money to anybody who shows up it
doesn't work right everybody understands
that
now Andrew yang doesn't make that case
but I think that's a question he needs
to be asked doesn't it it needs to be
asked of amber yang how can you do ubi
unless you're controlling the border
that doesn't make sense those those two
are opposites they can't exist at the
same time so so the entire so what CNN
can do and the anti-trump ORS are doing
is that they're suggesting that the
manifesto is trump inspired because they
know nobody's going to read it and if
they did they would find you know maybe
one sentence that they could pull out
say yeah this this sounds like Trump but
there are just as many sentences that
sound like Elizabeth Warren or Andrew
yang and they'll just ignore those and
they know you're not going to read it so
they can characterize it any way they
want so it's complexity it's long and
rambled and it's obviously just a crazy
person it's complexity allows them to
claim that it supports their point of
view it just doesn't it just doesn't as
fake news all right so here's here's the
basic sleight of hand that the
anti-trump errs and really anti
Americans I would say because the people
who are moving hard against Trump are
really moving hard against 60 million
people in this country so I would say
anti-american if people were criticizing
you know thousands of people in America
I'd say well thousands that's barely
anything compared to 300 million
so those people are just criticizing you
know some people with bad ideas but if
you're criticizing 60 million citizens
of this country
you're anti-american by definition right
criticizing 60 million that's it's a
good chunk to the whole country right
there all right so here's the
sleight-of-hand they use so it starts
out with President Trump says I'm a
nationalist he doesn't use those words
necessarily but his supporters say we're
nationalists
we care about our country first so CNN
will say you're nationalists and I'm
noticing that a lot of people at the
rallies are white so would it be fair to
say that you're nationalists and that
most of you are white and people would
say well that's true but I don't like
where this is going so if you're
nationalist and many of you are white
basically there's not much difference
between that and saying you're white
nationalist well of course there is a
big difference because white
nationalists don't want other people to
come unless they're white but a
nationalist is open to everybody you
know as long as the rules are followed
and the borders are controlled so they
say nationalist equals white
nationalists let's the first lady and
and then from white nationalist they
just throw into the census white
supremacists as if there's no difference
so you know white supremacist white
nationalist nationalists who happens to
be white okay Lee the same thing so they
use this you know a sleight of hand to
get you all the way to nationalist
equals white nationalist white
nationalists basically the same with
white supremacist white supremacist is
Hitler obviously there's a holocaust
coming now when you hear that it should
make you angry it should make you think
oh my god
what kind of a country do I live in
where news networks can push ridiculous
not like that
well where'd they learn it where did see
you then learn to turn nationalists into
white nationalists to turn white
nationalists
and two white supremacists and turned
white supremacists into obviously the
president is Hillier here's how they
learned it they learned it from the
right they learned it from Fox News how
many times in Fox News have you seen
Democrats say they want health care
which Fox News turns into health care so
I guess you're a socialist and if you're
a socialist you're a communist and if
you're a communist
you're Stalin and if you're Stalin you
want to kill tens of millions of people
you're Venezuela right same thing a a
person who wants to keep the United
States largely the same but have better
health care it's not a socialist there
you know democratic socialist at best
and there's certainly not communists so
first of all they're not socialists
you're socialists what would make
everybody share everything it would be
completely incompatible with capitalism
so they're pushing some socialist
policies within a larger capitalist
setting that FoxNews calls all that
socialism and then they just sort of
without without making a break call it
communism then it turns into Venezuela
and then it turns into Stalin and then
it turns into tens of millions of people
killed
you should disregard both sides when
they do that all right if they're taking
your definition and working it through
this word machine until it turns into
either Stalin or Hitler
you're not talking you're not listening
to people you should pay attention to
all right
and so I would like to offer this
challenge I would like somebody to
produce a white supremacist who I could
deprogram so I'm going to offer to
deprogram a white supremacist I'll do it
on I'll do around here I'd have to know
it's a real white supremacist so here's
the first part of the challenge number
one I don't think any exist who are not
actually observe
probably insane so if you if somebody
could put a sentence together you know
went to college maybe ya know don't even
hit the college just somebody who can
make a coherent statement and also
refers to themselves or at least by
their policies or clearly white
supremacists I need you to I'm offering
to deprogram that person away from their
destructive ideology but you have to
find me one I've never met one and I
don't know that they exist because those
tiki torch people were white
inferiorities there's a word what's the
opposite of supremacy yeah the the tiki
torch guys were were worried that white
people can't compete that was their
whole that's what they were chanting
literally that's what they were saying
out loud and a chance that the white
people can't compete so they don't
qualify but if there's any in that group
who thinks they're supreme I will do
program them I'll offer to do that
watch how no white supremacist can be
identified now I would say that Tucker
Carlson would be accurate in calling the
whole white supremacy a hoax if nobody
can produce one at all you can't produce
one put him on TV let's let's see what
they have to say if you can't produce
one I'm offering to deprogram that
person I'll solve it for you I'll do it
right in front of the world and it won't
be hard now let's put things in
perspective if Tucker Carlson is wrong
about white supremacy you know at least
the Hoople about it big being a hoax
then it would also be true that the
numbers are big or climbing so they're
either big already or they're climbing
because remember Islamic terrorists in
this country is very small but we
worried that it could you know climb or
that the rate would increase so let me
give you some numbers
which you don't see in most of these
these periscopes or you don't see in the
news
all right so how many people were killed
with from by extremists so according to
the ADL the same source that brian
Stelter was using three hundred and
eighty seven people have been killed in
the last decade so in ten years three
hundred eighty seven people were killed
by extremists all of those extremists in
the united states of those seventy one
percent were a right-wing so that's two
hundred and seventy five over ten years
let's round it off to twenty eight
people per year so isn't a national
story that there's something that can
you could put a name on that's killing
twenty eight people a year well let's
see how big related numbers are so we
can see if that's a big number or a
small number all right so right-wing
extremists according to the ADL kill
about twenty eight people per year over
the past ten years total gun deaths in
the united states per year are forty
thousand we've got this and of course
opioids are like seventy thousand a year
I think automobiles or thirty five
thousand a year or something like that
so just twenty eight people but but
remember if that number is climbing
quickly then we should worry about it
because the range of change this is
important is where it starts how many
homicides per year because these are
total gun deaths how many of the gun
deaths are not suicide for accents turns
out that there are about 12,000 so
twelve thousand murders with with gun
weapons compared to twenty eight done by
extremists so twenty eight is what
percentage of the total gun deaths in
the United States per year
it's point zero zero one seven of all
the gun deaths point zero is zero one
seven of all the gun deaths two-thirds
of all gung-ho homicides are have black
victims two thirds so that's around
eight thousand murders per year of black
people by both white and black people
but I think black people kill more of
black people just because that's who's
around obviously you're gonna kill more
of the type of people who are near you
than people who live distantly and so so
it's a tiny tiny number and so the real
question is if we all agree it's a small
number then what matters is how quickly
is growing do you know who has the
statistics a good statistics of how
quickly the white supremacy murder rate
is growing nobody doesn't exist yeah if
you look for that source you'll find
lots of people saying wow it's hard to
count because people accounted
differently and there were new agencies
that came online recently that started
counting so you can't really look at the
current numbers and compare them
directly to the past because they're
counting differently now so basically we
don't really know so it's a tiny number
we don't know if it's going up or not
but the most visible sign of it is this
El Paso thing which if you actually read
his manifesto you would say does it look
like waste of privacy to me and that's
it that's the whole argument so given
all that who's right oh well let me give
you some more numbers
85% of well two-thirds of gun deaths are
suicide 2/3 2/3 of gun deaths are
suicide and 85% of the gun suicides are
male
what would you say is the big problem
when 85% of gun deaths are suicide
wouldn't it be more useful to speak of
these mass shootings as fancy suicides
am I wrong
if if you came from outer space and you
didn't care about politics and you were
just examining the planet with complete
unbiased dispassionate logic you're just
looking at it and you said to yourself
okay it looks like there's massive
problem with God and suicide which is
really a problem with suicide they're
just using guns so if you have this
massive suicide problem and this suicide
comes in many forms
one of these forms is people like to
dress up their suicide as having some
meaning so that they can find meaning
for the first time in their life and so
they their warped Minds come up with
some political political justification
if you happen to be a hypnotist or you
study persuasion as I do you know that
the human mind does not operate on
reasons I'll tell you what did not
happen in any of these shootings here's
what we know scientifically and
historically and commonsensical II we
know with complete certainty what did
not happen with any of these shootings
what did not happen is that a reasonable
person looked at the facts of the logic
and then decided to kill a bunch of
people that never happened what did
happen because it's the only way that
brains work brains don't have two ways
of working in the sense that I'm talking
about here they have one way of working
first they decide what they're gonna do
and then they work backwards to the
reasons always now sometimes if you
think that sometimes happens then you
don't understand your reality in any
useful way science has determined with
completely conclusively that we decide
first on the big stuff like this the big
emotional stuff and in a mass murder is
the biggest emotional thing you can
imagine as more emotional content than
anything else
because it's death and there's lots of
it that cetera so these murders I can
tell you with absolute confidence 0%
chance of being wrong that they make the
decision first and then they go through
some tortured logic to describe why they
did it
and that's why when you read the
manifesto it looks like it looks like
somebody with tortured logic it looks
like somebody who is desperately trying
to come up with a reason for the thing
they had already decided to do now my
take on it is that you have a suicide
problem some of the people who who kill
themselves want to do it in a certain
way that gives them meaning and ties
into who they think they are etc but
mostly it's just a suicide problem you
have to deal with all elements of it but
to call it a white supremacy problem I
think misses the mark by as far as you
can miss it so I'm going to score this
argument in favor of Tucker meaning that
it when he says there's a white
supremacy hoax I don't know that there
are no white supremacists willing to
kill people I do know I've never seen
one and I don't think I'll see one on
television and I don't see think I'll
see a picture of one and I don't think
I'll see a video one and I don't think
I'll see maybe even a manifesto from one
because even this El Paso's manifesto
wasn't about white supremacy it was just
about numbers and math and economics so
there you go all right let's talk about
something a little more uplifting maybe
maybe maybe a lot more uplifting that I
saw one of the smartest most insightful
quotes you'll ever see and it came from
actor Danny Trejo tre Jo now if if
you're into movies and TV you might know
this name so Danny Trillo is Hispanic I
assume I think he's Hispanic
I'm not gonna guess but I'm just
guessing they use Hispanic his last name
gives it away anyway he which is only
important because the times were it
right it's not important and any other
way it's only important because of our
political climate so apparently he was
driving along and you saw an accident in
which there was a car flipped over there
was a baby and a baby seat was still in
the car and he stopped immediately and
tried to get the baby out and was
somebody else's help he got the baby out
now of course because he was the
celebrity there he gets all of the it's
pronounced Trejo somebody's telling me
Danny Trejo he gets all the attention
because he was a celebrity
obviously the unknown person who helped
him get the baby out of the car is also
a hero but nobody nobody knows that
person's name but here's the best part
of the story so actor Danny Trejo gets
interviewed afterwards and he said this
quote I swear if you never remembered
anything else in your whole life
and you just said alright I'm gonna
ignore everything I've learned in my
entire life and then I'm just gonna
build my life around this one quote from
Danny Trejo you would actually have a
pretty good life yeah
this quote sums up almost everything
here it is quote from actor Danny Trejo
hero everything good this happened to me
has happened as a direct result of
helping someone else everything so he
has everything at the end I'm gonna read
that again it's probably the best quote
you'll ever see in your life in terms of
how usefulness right
everything good this happened to me has
happened as a direct result of helping
someone else everything that's it secret
of life right there the secret of life
right there be
because if you help other people they
say well there's somebody I want to
associate with if you help other people
you feel good about yourself you feel
important you feel like you have a place
do you think the people who are helping
other people commit suicide sometimes
because there's mental illness is the
thing but how many of these mass
shooters were working at soup kitchens
how many mass murderers are helping
other people no none if you want meaning
any life help other people if you want
financial security learn how to be
valuable to other people it's the only
way the only way I'm rich is because I
helped other people I made them laugh I
made them think I entertained them I
helped them I helped them somehow now
how many times have I been offered
promotions back in my corporate world
and why would I be offered the promotion
and maybe something else well in many
cases is because I did extra work and I
helped other people with no direct
thought of some direct reward and if you
are in your corporate situation and
people look around and they say hey this
person keeps helping me other people as
long as you're getting your own work
done well what are people gonna think
when they want to promote somebody you
just killed everybody else you know
economically or or career-wise you just
eliminated everybody else's appearance
of value if you do your work and you're
consistently helping other people in
whatever way you can
you're the boss or you can be if you
want to be somebody's gonna offer you
the next promotion so Danny Trejo's
quote is everything he actually uses the
word and everything in this quote twice
everything good that has happened to me
has happened as a direct result of
helping someone else everything it's
perfect it's just perfect
alright here's the thought that I want
to put into the NICS of ideas in the
world so we've got these urban blighted
areas and you know parts of the country
where things aren't working out there's
bad economic distress etc and then we're
watching Bill Polti go into these areas
in some cases and make a difference
you saw the cleanup crew make a
difference as well but bill told bill
pulled a goes in and he can clean up the
urban blight
I saw article recently that Pontiac
Michigan the the value of real estate
just started zooming now Pontiac if you
don't know this was I think what the
first one or two places that bill Polti
removed the blight so he removed the
blight and there's not one reason that
real estate goes up in value but I got
to think it's a big one the real estate
values went up so Pontiac is heading in
the right direction who made that happen
bill Polti you know other people work on
it too that the mayor had to be part of
that at cetera but I was reading this
book I was just telling you about about
the founding of the nation I'll show it
to you again I'm only a little ways into
if it's already so interesting that I'm
getting all these tidbits out of it that
really change that you think it's called
the American nations right I'm only a
little bit into it it's already having a
big impact on me and one of the things I
talked about is something I don't think
I knew pretty sure I didn't know it and
the I didn't know it let me say that for
sure if you don't know if you knew it
you didn't know it I always wondered why
the United States was so successful now
you can give a number of reasons you
could say okay the United States was
successful because we had all these
natural resources and maybe because of
the ocean barriers you know we we didn't
get that direct brunt of a couple of
world wars but we had our own Wars you
know lots of wars on you know internally
and with the Native Americans and the
back
etc and French the French the Brits we
had a lot of Wars but what was it they
made America so successful now one thing
you say is okay was it was about this
Western culture and they brought over
but this book is all about the fact that
they weren't all the same culture I
talked about this yesterday I think some
of the more Puritans and they wanted
everybody to be treated equal equally
but they had to be religious or else you
were in big trouble and then there were
ones that landed in the more southern
part of the country who were slavers
they started I was putting white people
in slavery and then they literally ran
out of white people to enslave that's
why the African slave trade happened now
the white people they enslaved were what
he called indentured servants and the
problem was that after the indentured
servants served their time they could go
get their own land so the intention
servants were moving through the system
too quickly and there weren't enough new
ones so they had to do a different
source of labor and that's where the
African slavery came from so you can't
really compare the Puritan culture to
the southern culture completely
different I mean the Puritans never
would have enslaved anybody so you can't
really say there's something about the
culture that worked so what was it and
this this book I just mentioned the
suggestive answer which also suggests a
defects the inner cities and other parts
of the country are you ready for it part
of the reason that people came to the
United States is that the the King in
Great Britain would say if you go there
we'll give you you know a land grant
which if you do things right will make
you very rich you'll be like a king in
your own large piece of territory that I
grant you now who does the who would the
king in England somebody says it's not
Great Britain let's just call it England
so the king of England thus prior to the
Great Britain words so thank you for
that correction so the King of England
and who is he going to grant land to in
America well it's not going to be to a
peasant the King granted land to highly
educated people because they also happen
to be the you know the the
well-connected people in England so what
happened was because of a coincidence of
how land was granted the United States
became hugely educated instantly meaning
that the percentage of people with
advanced degrees in the early colonial
days was sort of through the roof by the
by the standards of those times there
were simply more educated people as a
percentage than maybe anywhere in the
world
now I don't know if that's true but I
think it's close to true that we may
have ended up totally by coincidence
with more highly educated people that
have ever been in one place at the same
time except for maybe Microsoft right
and then Silicon Valley later now what
happened when you put a whole bunch of
smart people into a wilderness they do
well smart people tend to do well am I
wrong have you ever seen an example well
name a country where they're highly
educated and the economy is doing poorly
can you can you name your country that's
among the top 10 of education that's you
know doing poorly in economics
well maybe temporarily if something's
going wrong but in general if you put a
bunch of smart people in an area they do
well now here's the question did all of
the colonists need to be smart
absolutely not the vast majority of the
colonists were were we're dumb just like
the rest of the world right most the
world is not smart people so most of the
colonists were done so
wasn't just the percentage of smart
people it was that there were a lot of
them in numbers so you need numbers so
here's the question where in the United
States do we have big concentrations of
smart people and things are not heading
in the right direction no we're pretty
much nowhere now somebody says I'm being
a bigot but I have not mentioned race
whatsoever because it doesn't have
anything to do with us so race has
nothing to do with this I'm just saying
that if you put a bunch of people who
went to college into a place that needs
help it's gonna do better so what what
do we normally do in this country when
we're trying to fix an urban area the
thing we do when we're trying to fix an
urban area as we give them money and
resources mostly money and resources and
it doesn't seem to work for a variety of
reasons what happened when you took Bill
pulled a smart and capable well-educated
and put him into Pontiac good stuff
right now money was also involved but
money it turns out is the easy part do
you know what was the hard part
finding a bill pulled a that was the
hard part so I would suggest this if we
could find as something similar to the
king of in England giving land grants to
smart people of every race
so ethnicity has nothing to do with any
of this right just smart people of any
kind could we do the same thing with our
blinded areas now doesn't that
necessarily have to be an urban area it
could be yeah it could be Baltimore but
it could also be somewhere else so I
suppose you cleared an area a blight and
then you said okay all this area that's
cleared has almost no economic value but
we're going to grant it to only people
who have a certain level of let's say
educational achievement so you say all
you have to be is
you have a master's degree I'll just use
this as an example so I'm I'm not
suggesting that your degree says whether
you're smart or not I'm just saying it's
an easy way to know that you're at least
last March so suppose the city decided
we're going to grant this land but
instead of doing it the way that you
would normally think which is to give it
to the community you say no I'm gonna
I'm going to create some Kings they
could be you know black Kings they could
be any kind of King but they're gonna be
the people who have advanced degrees and
they're gonna get their own little patch
of land and they're gonna use their
intelligence if they need money they can
figure out how to get it because that's
what smart people do and either they
have it or they know how to get it you
put the smart people there and you say
here it is if you can make this work you
get an amazing advantage out of it so
I'm gonna put this idea into the world
which is that putting physical resources
into communities that have trouble might
help a little I'm not saying we
shouldn't do it but putting smart people
in there especially smart people who you
know who can work with the community etc
probably would be a bigger deal on
probably now I don't know if there's any
way to do this in the way our society is
is function but what do I always say
what I always say is that if you can a B
test it that's good enough if you have a
plan that could be tested small and find
out whether or not it worked you don't
have to ask if it's good I mean you you
do it you want to do a basic filter to
see if it's crazy but if you think it
might be good but you're not sure as
long as you can test as small go ahead
so take a little place that you think
has a problem that has land values that
approach to zero have your political
leaders say all right here's all we're
gonna do if you've got an advanced
degree and the relevant stuff let's say
an engineer what let's say we limit it
to that what if you say
Fuhrer if you are a certain type of
engineer and you have a degree will give
you land as long as you promise to live
there and develop it what would happen
if he came back in 20 years I'm pretty
sure people would do okay because smart
people tend to succeed no matter where
they are somebody said you're a
and spelled you were why oh you are I'll
tell ya
there should be one one rule as I block
that person there should be a rule that
if you insult somebody's intelligence
and you spell a word wrong while you're
insulting them it doesn't count
that should just be the rule doesn't
count if you spelled a word wrong
somebody says it's called gentrification
nope nope no no no no no no no
gentrification is when anybody who is
doing well sort of creeps into the
neighborhood I am NOT talking about that
I'm talking about peeking people who are
smarter than there was yuppies who were
just happened to have you know a
four-year degree I'm talking about real
smart people I'm talking about somebody
who went to MIT because remember the
people who settled America were Oxford
shaped
they weren't just people who knew how to
read that we're talking about Jefferson
all right
Jefferson wasn't just a guy who could
read it was a genius I'm talking about
geniuses I'm not talking about the
yuppie who works in the cubicle and can
afford to pay his car payment that is
not who you need to fix the inner cities
alright so when you saw recently that
Jack Dorsey and Bill pulled a were
clearing some blight they they had
partnered to clear some blight and Saint
Louis and I saw those pictures and I see
Jack and you know Bill Polti standing
there I think to myself I'm glad there's
money I'm glad there's equipment to do
that but what you really need
is people of you know that level of
smart and and you know well-meaning to
just live there for a while and try to
build something now not those two guys
in particular but it just made me think
that maybe bringing in some geniuses and
again of geniuses of every type none of
this is the ethnic none of this is
gender we're not talking about any of
that it doesn't matter who they are they
just have to have a certain skill set
and that's it
somebody says where does Scott get his
degrees I got my undergraduate at a
small private college called Hartwick
College in Oneonta
New York and I got my MBA at Berkeley
here in California to answer your
question but let me say that I would not
consider myself qualified for what I'm
talking about I'm talking about people
who have more than an MBA I'm talking
about Harvard I'm talking about MIT I'm
talking about top at the top right if
you know if you don't pick top at the
top this idea falls apart quickly you
know I'm not talking about putting a
bunch of b-plus students into Baltimore
and see what happens that's that's not
going to get you there all right let's
talk about Iran quickly so Aram
apparently has some technology you must
be a Russian technology for spoofing GPS
to make you think you're off track and
apparently they can spoof communications
and they're fooling ships in the area
and causing mischief a hundred percent
of the people talk about Iran say hey
war looks like you know it might be a
risk but every single person says the
same thing Iran does not want war u.s.
doesn't want war nobody wants war
so I'm pretty sure we're not gonna get
war I'm not gonna say there isn't you
know some bullets fired at some point
but the odds of war with Iran I think we
should just call it zero because that's
what it is
that's what it is so let's stop worrying
about that in terms of you know some
kind of slippery slope toward war
because
something very different would have to
happen something we don't see coming
that would turn this even into an even
possible war situation and here's here's
part of the reason why Iran doesn't want
to war because they would be destroyed
so that's easy to understand
you might ask yourself well why doesn't
the u.s. want war because we might win
it fairly you know fairly easily and it
would remove this risk and even though
people would die or maybe it's worth it
but here's the thing you have to compare
war to the alternative and the
alternative is just wait because it
turns out that Iran in terms of the
Iranian population are fairly
pro-american American people American
culture they're not pro-american
government but you know half of the
country the United States you know the
majority of the United States is not in
favor of our own government it probably
never will be if it's that we roll so
the fact that you know there are some
Romanians who don't like our government
isn't terribly important because they
like us and they like they like they
like the American culture and people and
likewise if you don't if you haven't
spent time around a lot of people who
have been born in Iran they're pretty
awesome people they're pretty awesome
I see a lot of them around here and to a
person they're just they're pretty
awesome people so here's what I would
suggest but not in a serious way you
know when people suggest what the
president should say or do I always say
don't suggest what a president should do
I don't know just it always feels wrong
on several levels to say oh here's what
the president should do so instead I'm
gonna put this as a thought experiment
so the thought experiment is suppose the
President does this what if the
president did this because it'll help
you understand what's going on here the
thought experiment so this is not a
suggestion it's a thought experiment
that goes like this
what if President Trump started
saying hey Aaron what would you gain by
being our enemy what do you have to gain
that's it that's the powerful part can
you tell us what you want to gain
because we might be able to help that's
the second part tell us what you want
because if you work with us you might be
able to get it now they might say we
would like to spread Islam around the
world to which we say okay we don't
think that's the best idea but we'll
still help you here's how we'll give you
full access to the Internet
we'll make sure that every person in
your country has freedom of speech
because if you want to spread an idea
killing isn't really an efficient way to
do it in 2019 we saw that Isis tried to
do that didn't work out did not work out
for Isis but the Internet is really good
a spreading ideas so if I ran wants to
spread their idea we will help them take
their idea into the marketplace of ideas
which is the Internet we will will help
you build out your internet will we'll
do what we can to be supportive of every
citizen rumor and getting on the
internet and having full access so we
can help you if you would like to spread
your beliefs
we'll give you the tool the only tool
the only tool that's effective to do
that and we are confident that in the
marketplace of ideas it might find the
place as will others and we'll work it
out so then what is what else does a
rayon want they want to survive and
we'll say that's fine we don't care if
you survive I mean we'd like you to
survive and even you could even keep
your form of government because we don't
care about that
that's that's between you and the
citizens so we're not gonna fight them
on who's in charge so long as you know
they're not a problem to us what if they
say we want to throw overthrow Israel
well they don't really
say that publicly and I don't believe
that they think it could really happen
do you think there's anybody in Iran who
in a private conversation that nobody
will ever hear do you think that anybody
at any level in Iran says you know I
think we've got a real good shot of
taking Israel back for Islam I'll bet no
I'll bet there are zero people who
actually think that's going to happen
and I don't think they say it out loud
currently what they say out loud is that
they would like Israel as a as a
government entity to go away they can
want that all they want and in fact the
best way to do that would be to make
peace with Israel can you think of a
faster way to destroy in quotes the
nation of Israel than by making peace in
the Middle East it would effectively
force Israel in the long run to have a
more diverse population and if they have
a more diverse population eventually
it's going to have to become not exactly
the you know the Jewish state and they
didn't long but the only way you get
there is through peace Israel would just
have pressure to be more inclusive and
eventually you would get that way
suppose Iran wants a better economy of
course we can help suppose they want
more energy in nuclear power not nuclear
weapons nuclear power well Lindsey
Graham has already offered to help we
just want some control on the weaponized
part and if they get those parts
I guess the fuel rods if they get that
from China and Russia the United States
would say okay
China and Russia can can keep them from
getting the you know that the nuclear
weapon parts as long as Iran wants to
get their source from those two
countries so almost everything that Iran
at least publicly would ask for we would
be willing to help we're not only not
their obstacle we're begging them to
help with everything they want
now we don't think of it that way
because we're just sort of locked into
the news coverage of us against them and
will there be a war and you just think
of two teams against each other I think
the president could and again this is
just a thought experiment I don't expect
him to do this in any way I think the
president could say here's the deal Iran
we don't understand what you want
because everything that we know you want
we want to and we would actively help
you we want you to communicate better we
want you to have a better economy we
don't want any risk or we want you to
have nuclear energy
Israel has already offered to help with
desalinization we probably have a mutual
interest in in controlling al Qaeda we
kind of have a so much in common
it's crazy that we're even talking as
some kind of Nemesis when it's so clear
that we would work better together for
everything now you might say in yourself
I don't know there's must be something
we disagree with and that's that's worth
having a war over but I don't know what
it is if you and I don't know what that
is
I don't think anybody knows what it is
yeah I think the giving them tons of
cash idea was was probably not your best
one I think you have to I think you have
to do what Trump has successfully done
with North Korea which is paint a
picture of cooperation and a picture of
the future that is clearly a good one
and it involves us being helpful instead
of us being on the other side we we
started that a little bit with Iran but
I think that picture could be completed
it could be that you know the president
is constrained by the you know members
of the administration who want to who
want to see some missiles fly so that
may be part of the constraint I don't
know somebody says that Kim is Kim
jong-un is different because he's not
religious therefore you can work a deal
with him I would say that that would be
a problem
that would be a problem except that
everything Iran wants we would be
willing to help them with because they
can spread their ideology anywhere they
want it's just that the internet is how
you spread the ideology spreading it
with weapons absolutely doesn't work all
right I think I've set it all for today
I'm gonna go do something else and I
will talk to you later