bumbum hey everybody come on in it's
time for the simultaneous Waddle yes
every 12 hours you get a little bit more
of me some would say that's plenty but I
don't think they're good sports I think
a little bit more of me is just what you
need
it's just what you need so come on in
here I'm gonna be taking some questions
talking about some stuff
getting you ready for an extraordinarily
good night of sleep in fact why don't
you tell me in the comments if he had a
really good sleep last night because I
suggested that you would and it would be
nice to see your confirmation so tell me
if you had a had a really good night of
sleep last night
so let's catch up on the news for the
last 12 hours it's been quite a bit for
example the president Trump did his
usual taskforce press conference and
after it
CNN reported that he was quote touting
an unproven drug he was touting that's
right see you then says that the
president was touting he was out there
counting around touting up that drug but
is that really what happened was he
touting I don't think so
I don't think so I don't think he was
touting here's what I think he was doing
I think the president was saying exactly
what you and I say when we listen to the
doctors we make a risk-management
assessment based on what the doctors
tell us so the president clearly knows
it hasn't one undergone you know
rigorous tests he does know there
anecdotal reports that it works some
that it doesn't he knows that he also
knows that it's been used for years for
other purposes so we know it's well
tolerated
he knows that so a risk assessment is
that it might work doctors say they take
it themselves because while it might and
the risk if you're taking it for a short
term especially the risk is almost
vanishingly small and it might work
there's some indication and white
so is the president touting a drug or is
he simply looking at what the evidence
is that we're all looking at exactly the
same data and saying well it's a risk
management situation would you take the
risk which is nothing for a potential
game which could save your life yeah
it's kind of easy actually my guess is
that the only reason the president is
being a little more full-throated about
this is because maybe we have more of it
you said we have a you know 20-something
billion doses
I don't know if that they're in the
right place but I guess we're we got
someone coming in now here's the fun
part about this when the president puts
down a stake anywhere and says you know
this is what I think is true what's the
natural thing that happens if the
president says the sky is blue CNN says
it's not blow not at night you know and
they'll say why it's not blue so the
president has I don't know if you
planned this but if it turns out this
hydroxychloroquine actually works if it
works because I'm going to get the same
treatment he is no matter how many times
I say if it works unproven only
anecdotal you know darn well that that
might roll future critics are already
planning to say that we were out there
touting US cotton you touted it and then
I'll say I did not count there was no
touting I simply explained the same data
that you're looking at they went
so the president is forcing CNN to take
an increasingly strong stand against
against believing in the drug so they're
not against the drug they're against
believing in it without sufficient
scientific evidence now of course we all
we all agree with that right if you had
a choice if you had a choice of lots of
high quality studies
well yeah we'd all take that choice if
we had that choice which we don't so so
I think it's hilarious if it turns out
the drug works then the president will
have forced CNN into mocking him for
something that turned out to be right
and there's gonna be a lot of mocking
because it's basically as soon as I
heard him say it I thought well there's
the whole news cycle right there the CNN
and MSNBC will say it's unproven it's
unproven as I say it's unproven as if
the president doesn't know that because
he said it's unproven and they're gonna
act like he doesn't know even though he
says it directly is it my imagination or
did the number of deaths from
coronavirus declined today it's not the
end of the day but it looks like we're
gonna end down right now the other day I
said don't get don't get excited about
you know one day at our hour that it
looks like it's going down because then
the very next day it was up of course
but it's down again it's feeling like
we're starting to top not in a not
topping and infections but topping and
death which could be because the
hydroxyl chloroquine works I don't know
could be so david angel sends me this
question if you want to ask me a
question goodbye
go to my top tweet on twitter and you
could just put the question here I'll
read it so there's this a graph that
I've seen but I don't know to believe it
or the source anyway it's a graph that
shows
the amount of pneumonia by each season
or each year in the United States and it
purports the show that the number of
cases of pneumonia are way way way down
this year which would mean what well
first of all I don't know where this
came from it's just something I saw on
Twitter so I have no idea if the data is
right but if the data is right that the
number of pneumonias or things that we
call pneumonia is way down could it be
that we have a counting problem going on
and that that what we think our
coronavirus may be we used to think on
ammonia and vice-versa so I do think
there's probably some issue about how
we're counting things and I will say
once again it seems that we've gone yet
one more day
without the dire consequences and every
day that it's every day we get closer to
the predicted peak which is still what
10 days away and it's not looking diary
yet the skeptics are getting a little
happier and I have to admit there's part
of me there's part of me they can see
that other movie just as clearly as I
can see the one that I spend most of my
time in so the one I spend most of my
time in is this is pretty bad but I
think between science and and our good
work we'll get a handle on it
so I don't think the death toll will be
bad I think the risk is very very high
but I I think humans will prevail but
that still puts me in the movie that
says it's a gigantic problem that could
have killed you know two million people
if you did everything wrong but the
people who say it was never a problem
and it's all just in your mind and it's
just a hysteria you can't rule them out
yet because so far we don't have even
one hospital over capacity right
but again ten days from now it could be
a hellscape and they couldn't look like
you know world war zombie and the
experts say that's gonna happen they
seem pretty clear that in 10 days we're
gonna be super unhappy I can see both
movies at this point then both and
they're both so clear
can't you see both I'm not saying that
one you know one is definitely gonna
happen and the other isn't I'm saying as
of this point in time I can see them
both just like they both exist and it's
service order noting there's cat
situation where it's as if those two
futures already exist and the only thing
we're gonna do is choose a path you know
we get to perceive either one but
they're both there just waiting for us
and you can go either way you see in the
comments people are saying the same
thing normally one of those paths is not
clear my normal situation is that one of
them is clear and the rest are fuzzy but
they're two that are really clear all
right Joe Rogan made a little news he
was did his interview with Eric
Weinstein and Joe Rogan's there they
were talking about Joe Biden being
mentally degraded and Joe Rogan said you
know that he would vote for President
Trump over Joe Biden because he didn't
think Biden was capable of anything so
so the Joe Rogan you know take on it is
the same as most of yours I think which
is if you're being honest yeah if you're
if you just step away from the political
filter for a while you're just being
honest
you can see it right you can see the
Biden's not operating with a full you
know the full full clip or something I
love the fact that Joe Rogan makes news
just by talking about who he might vote
for you know you've made it when it's a
world headlined that you were just
talking with a friend
so you know my mo mighty vote for Trump
over then and so as I had life and he's
doing something right if that's world
news so I now have my second idiot that
I've blocked for misstating what my
prediction is of the death toll and then
criticizing me already before we even
know which way things are now already
criticizing me for being wrong for the
things that they miss remembered I said
so now two people have been blocked for
doing that and there gonna be a lot of
them I bet I'll bet there would be two
dozen people that I'll have to block
because they will be damn sure I said
something else and that I need to admit
how wrong I am speaking of admitting
wrong dr. drew did something amazingly
brave which is he did a special little
periscope today just apologizing to the
public for his his take on the corona
virus being a little bit too
maybe a little too optimistic and
comparing it a little bit too much to
lesser problems and I thought that was
pretty impressive I gotta say you don't
really expect your anybody in the public
eye to just say yep I got that one wrong
yeah so credit to dr. drew for
acknowledging that now I've said I said
before I don't think he was that far off
a doctor foul she was he because if you
look at where foul she's evolution was
it's not that different from dr. drew so
you know if you're wrong but you also
were pretty darn close to the top expert
in the world who everybody's looking to
that's not the wrong ggest you can be I
mean you could be a lot more wrong than
that you know even even if the the
explanation turned out to be suboptimal
you could be a lot more wrong in your
life than that all right
does anybody confirm if the the the
death camp actually went down from
yesterday because I think it went down
like sharply you know we're still
dealing with relatively small numbers so
I mean it's a big number if you happen
to be one of the ones who died but you
know a thousand can bump around you know
thirty percent a day all right some of
these I don't understand the context
somebody said how can a billionaire fun
to win hub to improve commute that smite
startup to improve communication in
real-time cooperative situations well
that would be more of a conversation but
if you know any billionaires want to
have that conversation send them my way
how can we have a trustworthy 2020
election I think we're we're way beyond
the point where but anybody trusts
anything aren't we because we don't
trust our experts we don't trust our
politicians we don't trust the news
don't trust anybody doing who do we
trust
so the question happen do we have a
trustworthy 2020 election is we can't it
doesn't matter who wins the other side
is going to say there was cheating and
they'll have a good argument they'll
probably have a good argument did you
notice a change in tone for today's
press briefing much more positive to be
honest to answer your question directly
I did not notice but now that you
mention it was it more positive well I
don't know yeah are you having the same
issue that I'm having
which is the whole ventilator thing
seems seems like we should know a lot
more than we are I can't even tell you
know just a few days away from the
projected peak I can't tell if we're a
hundred thousand ventilator is short
or we already have too many can you
based on everything you've seen you know
in the press conferences would you be
able to answer this question will
will we be a hundred thousand
ventilators short despite everything
we're doing or do we already have twice
as many as we need I don't think I can
answer the question because I just hear
confusing numbers that don't seem to
have any context which leads me to
believe that maybe nobody knows now
there is a little hoarding and there's a
question of the government taking
control of them to move them where they
need to be which i think is the right
answer they should do that but could we
possibly be less informed about the
biggest question
it's the biggest question and I can't
even tell you
you know the continent that the answer
is on totally unacceptable how soon
before the the Trump pills that would be
the what I call the Hydrox chloroquine
how soon before their standard for
treating the corona virus well I don't
know if it'll be standard until we
actually have some test results and that
might be a month from now so I guess
there's a test in the United States that
will have some results in a month so it
depends what you mean by standard I
think lots of doctors will do off-label
prescriptions just based on anecdotal
stuff but does that make that standard I
don't know I don't just had that
question from comes Ella 4:20 Scott if
you could put a single word to all this
happens so far since January what would
it be okay well you can you can all play
along so if you had to describe the
situation the corona voice virus world
situation in one word since January what
would it be about
transformative I think it's
transformative because so much about the
way we think of our world will change
aside from Christina tickling Chopin
meaning on the piano
what other music soothe is soothes you
these days well I'm not a music guy I
wish I were I've never you know I I can
enjoy a hit song for a while before I
get tired of it but I just don't enjoy
music I listen to it sometimes but only
medicinally I said this before so I
won't bore the rest of you but I use
music medicinally so for example if I'm
working out and what the time to go
faster I might find some music that
that's good for working out but I don't
like random music programming my brain
just because I turned on you know
serious and and music was coming in I
don't like to be programmed without my
can my consent initial REM des aver
trial should have concluded last week
any news well yes here's the news
there's no positive news which i think
is all you need to know if you saw the
survey about over 6,000 doctors were
surveyed about what meds they think are
working so that's the the most
unscientific way you could get an answer
of course is just asking their opinions
but based on the doctors are actually
doing the work they thought the the
Trump pills were the the most effective
again just anecdotally but I looked for
REM des appear on the list and it was
way down the list and I don't know if
that just means that most doctors have
no experience with it which you'd have
to assume that most of never never
prescribed it or they've heard they've
heard things and it's not good so you're
right enough time is going by that we
should have Italy
initial initial indications that it
works and at the very least you know the
task force would have heard a little bit
early don't you think don't you think
the task force is already getting early
indications from the trials they just
don't want to tell the public for good
reasons and if the task force were
hearing good things about REM does aveer
I feel like we would have heard about it
now they wouldn't have said it works but
they might have said we're hearing good
things about REM teza fear you know we
hope it ends up the way the way it
started you know they would have they
would have teased that it's looking good
but short of that teasing I'd have to
say probably it doesn't you know if you
had to bet on it I think we would have
heard about it if it did work all right
there should trump horford add a
prominent Democrat to the task force and
if so who quick answer no no he should
not he should just do whatever works
best and adding anybody who would be a
source of conflict or a mole or anything
not during an emergency
Bill Gates conducted an event in 2020 in
Wuhan China simulated what six weeks
before attack then I don't believe that
so I'm going to say that don't believe I
don't believe whatever this is this
accusation how fast could we
realistically move manufacturers back
from China well I'll tell you there are
probably a lot of things that are really
really complicated because it would take
a long time to build a factory get
approval and you know we got a lot of
red tape and such I think we might be
able to cut some of the red tape but
there would still be plenty and so it
depends and the things which are easiest
to move back are the ones that you can
replace with a robot not a non-employee
so what you might see because this trend
already started
is you may see some manufacturing come
back but being done by robots so it's a
mixed bag is the answer what is
likelihood of a retroactive review of
deaths currently attributed to Co vat19
to determine the actual cause of death I
think it's highly likely that no matter
where it comes out that people will dig
in and say it was done wrong I think so
I think we it's a guarantee that people
will criticize it whether the critics
are right or not
we won't know it is shakedown Street
type vending at dead shoe I don't know
if that is do I need to wear a mask
while walking my dog well it depends how
embarrassed your dog is to be out with
you if you ever notice that your dog
sort of looks away and feels embarrassed
when you're out walking the dog you
better wear a mask because you don't
want to embarrass your dog can you teach
lucid dreaming I've heard people say
that you can't is nothing I've
experienced with well I have experience
of training myself to do it
and it's just a process of thinking
about something and then sometimes your
your dream will extend that thought so
there's no there's no real trick to it
sometimes it works and sometimes it
doesn't but if you if you think of a
certain scenario before you go to sleep
and you're dedicated to it you might you
might dream it how to reconcile New York
City morgues running out of room with an
overall lower number of deaths that's a
good question
here's my guess right so we're hearing a
stuff that's very conflicting right
we're hearing that that the morgue is
overrun or at least in one place you
know they're they're putting bodies in a
refrigerated truck at the same time it
seems that there are lower
overall accidents in general sad I
explained that here would be my
explanation and this is just a guess it
could be that some hospitals were
specializing in coronavirus so that the
hospital that was specializing all the
kinds of cases that people die so they
were just sort of bunched up in one area
but maybe had more to do with that
hospital handling the tough cases
because otherwise we'd see it in the
other hospitals and we're not so that's
my guess
so we should still see some problems
upcoming maybe can the u.s. cancel the
debt to China well you know in the sense
that you can do anything but you know
but if you cancel a debt then there goes
your credit worthiness so the cost is
usually bigger than the game is drama
important to the world yes yes it is
drama is important to the world meaning
that if there wasn't some here naturally
we would create some because we need it
you see it in your personal life all the
time people like trauma we kind of like
it and then the news business of course
operates on that drama so yeah it's
important maybe you shouldn't be what to
do if you're very sick well that's
that's a doctor question new top ten
most persuasive words I'm gonna tell you
some of that's going to make you mad
because I can't tell you they're real
secret somewhere in the world I I came
across a pod of hypnotists who created a
new word that is so powerful it's crazy
and I can't tell you the word because
then you would go find it and you would
be sucked into these evil the hypnotist
schemes but just trust me I I came
across that and I just left myself that
is the most powerful word so they they
took an existing word and repurposed it
I can't tell you the word I'm sorry I
just can't
and and then repurposing it they they
with power and it's the most powerful
thing I've ever seen so much so it's it
could change civilization but I can't
tell you what it is because ideally it
won't escape from its little world but
if it does oh my god
so so there's a persuasive word in the
wild that is designed better than the
coronavirus and I don't know if that's
going to get out but if it does if it
does get out like this a year from now
and it's like a national headline or
something I'll tell you what it was but
I don't want to help it because it's
it's truly evil I'd have to think about
some other words so that was a terrible
answer sorry
well the country be the same when things
reverses no it won't be the same there's
a question of how much things will
change my guesses will be 85 percent the
same you know eventually not on day one
but we'll sort of revert to 85 percent
the same things that will be different
might be temporary such as no large
gatherings you know I thought that the
era of large group gatherings was going
to end anyway
and I thought it was going to sort of
end this year because this is year that
drones become extra dangerous you know
they've been getting more dangerous
every year but at this point it's just
it would be just so easy for somebody
with bad intentions to do something bad
with the large outdoor crowd especially
outdoor with some kind of a drone attack
so I've been thinking that large group
events were probably going to go away
and this will just push them a little
further now if I had to bet though I'd
bet they'll come back in the long run
they might go away I think they'll come
back in a year so all of the all the
businesses that are hit the hardest
they're going to be tough you know my
this cost me my job basically I don't
know the outcome yet but when this is
when this is done I don't expect many
newspapers to remain in the business
because a lot of newspapers were sort of
you know they were declining every year
from from a pretty good profit margin
but they were getting pretty close to
the you know the edge of where they
could stay in business
so I think three-quarters of the local
newspapers probably are in a business
when this is over
which means three-quarters of my income
just went away so I'll actually be
looking for a job so in terms of you
know how how different will things be
well I thought I I thought I was just
going to retire and you know keep on
doing what I was going to do but I
actually have to look for a job now like
a lot of people will be do now you know
I'm not going to starve so I'm not an
any kind of dire straits but it changed
my career I mean I I will have to retool
everything I'm doing which is yeah I
kind of look forward to our frankly be a
nice challenge and and other people you
know the restaurant business recreation
business a lot of outdoor stuff
or anything that was your group
activities it's going to be in bad shape
for a long time but let me let me give
you the good news everybody focuses on
the bad news because that's it's more
obvious more in-your-face
there's definitely something that's
happening to me that I wonder if it's
happening to any of you and it goes like
this you've heard this story about
baseline happiness that people sort of
had they're born with a level of
happiness that doesn't seem to change
too much unless they're just having the
worst problems in the world but
generally you could have you know a good
or bad life and your happiness doesn't
seem to change that much we're just sort
of born a certain amount of happiness
and it takes a lot to move us off of
that and the thing that I've I'm
starting to learn by having everything
taken away from me meeting well look at
the things that your are the things that
I've lost you know temporarily and some
permanently so I've lost my because
a certain age and risk factor right I've
lost the ability to go anywhere to just
leave my house same with most of you
right
I've lost my ability to you know go to
the gym socialize with people you know
go eat at a restaurant I mean all the
things that you can't do as well but
here's the thing
if I had a choice I would of course want
those back but I'm not less happy and I
don't know what's up with that I think
it's just the baseline the happiness
thing as long as I eat right and sleep
and you know get some exercise and stuff
that my happiness doesn't change I mean
if you look at the fact that my entire
career just blew up like you know
probably half of the people here just
had your job blow up your retirement
blow up so you know you're gonna like
dig in again now in theory that should
make me really sad in theory but it
didn't and so here's what I found out
about myself and I'm wondering if any of
you had this realization so what I found
out about myself is that the stuff I
thought I needed to make me happy
probably wasn't that important now
there's some things you just need to do
you need a certain amount of variety and
I think I think people have to travel a
little bit this is your mental health
but if you don't count the fact that
some of it just has a depressive mental
health thing you gotta hold together but
just what do you need it turns out it
turns out I guess I didn't need that
much because my life has really slowed
down to you know petting the dog and
taking a nap and do some work and talk
on periscope so so the the stress of my
life weirdly you know we're in this in
theory this should be the most stress
I've ever had in my life but I'm not
experiencing it that way
I mean I definitely have my moments same
as most of you where you know I can get
worked up about worrying about something
but it doesn't lie
so I would say that the disconnect
between the things I think make me happy
and the fact that most of them just went
away including my career I mean think
about it I mean my career just went away
and I don't feel that sad you know I'd
be more sad if I was worrying about
eating or something but I'm not so I
think that maybe there's something we
learned in this that's important
somebody also pointed out imagine how
terrible this would have been if we
didn't have smartphones and you know
Netflix and screens because pretty much
people are in survival mode just looking
at their little screens because they
can't talk to people or go anywhere but
it works there are little screens are
pretty good so I'm glad we have this
glad we have this problem we had good
technology let's see what are the odds
that we'll have hundreds of thousands of
deaths well the the experts say pretty
good and I say pretty low well I don't
know I'm not sure if you can calculate
odds in this because my bet is based on
us getting really effective really
quickly and so you can't really predict
that so it could be an invention an a an
insight a drug or something but I think
we'll be on the lowest of the low side
of deaths because we're so darn clever
why does the model we were told to look
at meeting the model for the coronavirus
deaths continue to give projected
numbers that are already proven wrong I
don't know there are two ways there are
two schools of thought
one is that you adjust your model every
day as you've got actuals and the other
is that you're more honest and you say
all right we're not going to change what
we predicted we'll just change the line
of wear
she is so you can see how bad our model
was it's a little more honest to not
update it every day so that people can
see what you thought it was compared to
what it is if you update it every day it
feels a little like cheating all right
how would the world change if we allowed
the week to die well well that's a dark
question but I'll answer it I like dark
questions here's how the world would
change if we allowed the weak to die
we'd have a long argument about what
that included because you talk about
your talked about a system that will eat
itself as soon as you get to decide who
is weak your whole system blows up so
you can't really do that you know I have
to say one of these strongest things
about humanity is that we have these
kinds of arguments and that usually what
wins is the side of we're going to keep
everybody alive no matter what and we
argue you know whether it's the abortion
question or whether it's coronavirus we
always have at least half of the country
arguing that there's no gray zone when
it comes to life there's no gray zone
it's like if you can protect yet if it
might be a life if it's if it's arguably
life if somebody could think it's a life
you protect it so at least half the
country has that impulse
no matter the topic we're just gonna you
know of course they may feel differently
about guilty life you know if you if
you're a murderer or something terrorist
but if you're innocent half the country
is going to work really hard to keep you
alive even if somebody else has an
argument why they shouldn't so I like
that about humans what is your take on
plant-based yogurt plant-based food
either I don't believe anything anymore
so yeah anything I would know about diet
is because experts told me
and there's no topic in which the
experts have been more wrong
four more years consecutively than
nutrition so I swear I don't know what
to believe anymore about nutrition or a
lot of things that I rely on the experts
for do you think putting Adam Schiff on
the recovery task force would be a
stroke of political genius now it would
be the worst idea in the world that I'm
very much in favor of you know working
with your you know your political
nemec's in emergency but Adam Schiff is
not a political you know nemesis there's
something wrong with him
can we agree with that it's one thing to
say hey I'm a Democrat I'm going to
fight for my side or I'm a Republican
I'm gonna fight for my side but that's
not what Adam shifts doing Adam Schiff
has something that looks more like a
mental problem you know playing out in
some kind of political drama if it
looked like it was just a political
disagreement you know and and you know
I've tried to reach out when Chris Cuomo
was diagnosed I'd said some nice words
Kathy Griffin
you know I basically I've been trying to
to boost the signal of people I normally
wouldn't because it just sends that
signal that we're you know on the same
team at the moment but Schiff doesn't
seem like one of them you know it's easy
for me to like aoc even if I dislike
every policy she mentions because I
think she is you know has good
intentions and she's a a real politician
chef is something else hey whatever's
going on with him it's not about
politics there's just something
something deeply broken there and I
can't put my finger on it all right
how our boo and Snickers doing they're
doing great they're my only company so
they're getting a lot of attention what
do you think will be the main attack on
Trump leading up to the election
everything depends on the coronavirus
everything depends on it because and I
think that no matter how well the
President does it's always going to be
complicated and they'll always be able
to say you should have done it
differently it would have been better
but we can't prove it you should have
done it sooner even though we didn't
know you should do it sooner either so
there always have something to complain
about I'm guessing it'll be the corona
virus will be the the main line of
attack should the White House press
corps be required to wear mask to
protect the president yes yes and yes I
can't tell you how my confidence in the
system is degraded by seeing the task
force and the press conferences not
wearing masks and being a little too
close to each other
doesn't that degrade your confidence and
their ability
now Trump is sort of a one-off and you
could convince yourself all right you
know he is the president you know maybe
maybe you don't want him to look weak
and wear a mask and you know you people
would make fun of him and it would
become a thing so so you could make an
argument that the president is the one
exception but that doesn't explain the
rest of the task force and because since
one of the main benefits of the of the
mask is to not infect other people you
could make the argument that the
president has been tested twice and
they're doing a good job of keeping
people away from them I don't know if
they are able to say they are you can
make the argument that the president's
the only person who doesn't have to wear
a mask because we're not worried so much
that he'll give it to someone else
the risk is someone who will give it to
him so you know all the other people
around him to wear masks even if he
didn't that's like minimum you know and
if you wore a mask to a little bit
better but you can imagine how he would
be the exception so yeah it I completely
lose confidence when I see them not
wearing masks as of today you know up
till up till now maybe you can make an
argument they didn't
a war with China when well apparently
we've been in in a war with China
they've been killing tens of thousands
of Americans per year but they deny it
so we believe them oh the feds are all
totally accidental yeah we'll take care
of that sorry about all the fence at all
yeah oh really did we not take care of
that already
yeah Bob did we like we didn't we're so
sorry I will take care of that we'll
take care of that right away so we're in
a war with China it's just a
unconventional one where they're killing
us in their own ways
I don't know if we're killing them in
our own ways but I can't hope so how
long before the vulnerable and the
elderly can leave their homes it's gonna
be a long time if I had to guess for
myself all right so I'm unli I'm on the
the barely you know edge of elderly I
like to think so so I'll be turning 63
in June but I'm sort of a young young 63
I like to think but even for me with
just like a little bit of asthma it's
not like a big deal but even for me I
think I might be stuck inside for six
months I think I make it easily be the
end of the year and if it went longer
because they say well it's only three
months left and then we'll have a
vaccine you know suppose they say that
at the end of the year I don't know if
they would but if they said that well
it's gonna be tempting to just stay
another three months you know just be
sure so I think the people who are at
risk at least six months is just a gasps
and for other people I think I think May
will be when some people go back but
yeah I don't know what about the walks
what about the walks
oh well yeah I kick around for walks so
it's a little it's a little ambiguous
now whether I'm even allowed to go for a
walk because I'm not sure that's allowed
right technically we're not really
allowed Barnes law helped him understand
so yeah so you know there are a number
of people Adam Townsend and Robert
Barnes and there's some people who still
have taken the you know this might be
overblown and this isn't gonna be as bad
as as predicted there's still some
really smart people on that side which
is what keeps that movie alive for me
completely alive if if a month from now
if a month from now we're saying man it
just was nothing yeah we ended up fewer
people died then then were killed
because of the you know shutting down
the economy if it turned out to be the
case I wouldn't even be a little bit
surprised at this point at this point it
would not surprise me to find out the
whole thing was overblown but only
because we're so good at mitigating not
because it wasn't a real risk another
depression nope I don't think so I don't
think so
I actually am still very much on the
side of a quick recovery you can go to
the park in your state people are saying
back to work yeah all right um I think
that's all I got for tonight and I think
that you should have a terrific terrific
night of sleep I'm going to give you
some brain hacking tips so those of you
stay to the end to these periscopes you
get a little extra because the other
people bailed out when I started reading
questions they're like I don't want to
hear the questions so here's some brain
hack tips there are the main way that
you can hack your brain which is
rewiring your brain is by association
and I'll give you an example let's say
there's a TV show that you've never been
interested in and in my case it's that
TV show Golden Girls it's a very old
show if you're a certain age you
remember it
it's called Golden Girls you can still
find it you know in reruns for Rogers
ears and Christina recently when when we
could still see each other at the same
time started liking it and you know
she's so she enjoyed watching some of
the old reruns now I enjoy of course
being with Christina's so I would agree
to watch that show because I would be
spooning her and we'd be watching it on
the iPad and it was just so comfortable
and wonderful so I didn't I didn't care
about the show because I cared about the
experience it was more about just you
know lazing around and in spooning
Christina but because that's such a good
experience I started to love the show
and if you think that this is a sort of
a one-off than you don't understand our
brains work that simple Association of
there was a thing that I only associated
with one thing which was spooning
Christina and so since that was so much
fun I started to like the show now this
is always the case if you associate
things together those associations
become your new programming the the the
opposite of that and and so you can
change
I've actually experimented with us by
the way over the years I've experimented
to see if I can change what I thought
was a basic preference so you know you
have a favorite color and there's a food
you like you have any of these
preferences and I've actually
experimented with quite a few times it's
something I've done for years to see if
I can make myself like something that I
don't like
or or dislike something that I really
liked and I've done it dozens and dozens
and dozens of times it's just easily
reproducible
in both directions you can actually just
rewire your brain to like different
things you just have to work at it so
you have to reward yourself when you do
it if you want to something you want to
like and if it's something you know take
the example of I was very hooked on
eating Snickers candy bars but after I
stayed off of them for a while I just
completely lost it and something went
from my favorite thing in the world and
I consciously rewired it to something
that I look at and I go why would I even
put this in my body like I can remember
what it tastes like it I'm still not
interested in it completely rewired so
you can rewire your brain that way the
other way the other way you can do it is
by contrast because your brain is a
contrast engine and a pattern
recognition engine and so if you want to
let's say if you want to like something
think about it in contrast to the the
worst alternative so you can actually
talk yourself into liking something by
thinking of it in the context of
something bad and so so manage your
contrasts because they're optional so
it's the trick that a real estate broker
will use you know the real estate broker
will take you to the a really bad
listing you'll be like I can't live here
and then after several bad ones the the
real estate agent will take you to a
nice one and then you're all primed
you're like I got to have this right now
and you're like yeah I gotta sign this
deal right now because those other ones
are so bad I only saw one good one so
that's using the concept of contrast as
soon as you saw one that looked good
you're sold now if the broker had done
it the other way which is to show you
some that are a little out of your price
range first and they're really good and
then show you that average one that you
could afford you wouldn't want it you
might even change your mind about buying
a house and all because you'd be like
the only one I can afford is so bad
compared to these other good ones I saw
so you could manage your own contrast by
simply choosing what you're thinking
about so whenever you have the option
just manage the thing you're thinking
about next to the other things manage
their contrast and that will reprogram
you so those are a few tricks right
there
and you also want to use the trick of
associating things with specific things
I told you in the context of trying to
get a good night's sleep
you only want to use your bed for
sleeping and/or adult activities but you
don't want to use your bed as the place
you go to watch movies and stuff like
that because then your brain will think
oh I'm in bed this is the time I wake up
to watch a movie so make sure that you
you have triggers in your life that only
are associated with one state for
example I also teach in my book kind of
failed almost everything it's still one
big that if you want to exercise because
you know it's good for you but you get
home from work and you just don't have
any energy and you're like I worked all
day I know I should exercise I just
can't do it the trick that I teach is to
put on your gym clothes and especially
your athletic footwear now assuming that
you don't wear your your sneakers or
your your running shoes all day anyway
if it's an unusual feeling meaning that
the only time you have this kind of
Footwear on is when you exercise that
Association will trigger your desire to
exercise so you could be not in the mood
at all and say ah but at least I could
put my many sneakers on and you put them
on and you walk around a little bit and
suddenly suddenly just because you
dressed for it it'll it'll trigger you
into that state so that's another mind
hack is find little triggers that you
can associate with just one state and
then reinforce them and reinforce them
until you can use that trigger to
reproduce that state
the other brain active course is that I
talked about too much is talent stacking
you know you have a certain set of
talents and then you intelligently layer
new skills on top you don't have to be
the best of the world just things that
fit together really well that becomes a
brain hack because all new ideas are
really old ideas just combined so for
example if you knew something about
economics and something about art
history to pick two ridiculous examples
you might notice something in one of
those fields that gives you an idea from
the other field it's like oh in
economics we think of it this way art
historians never think of it this way
but they could and so it seems like a
new idea but really most ideas come from
other fields so when you combine your
kid your talent stack and add you know
several unrelated skills together that
just work well together toward some sum
and you you create the ability to be
more creative
simply because you held in your head
more variety of patterns and things and
then you say oh that's like macrame it's
like god that's like playing the drums
it's a little like this so you can act
your brain to be more creative simply by
adding talents from unrelated fields
that's how it happens I'd like to
probably talk all day about brain hacks
but someday you got to get the bed and
you remember that since I suggested that
you would have a tremendous night of
sleep and you could remember me counting
to 20 if those of you who are there to
be to be hypnotized into being able to
do self-hypnosis
just count to 20 when you get to 20
you'll be relaxed and drift off and
between now and the next time I see you
in the morning 12 hours from now have a
great night sleep and I will talk to you
in the morning