but a bum bumbum bumbum mm-hmm
but bum bum jo-ann first on of course
even on the weekends I know you're
getting ready for church
having your coffee and listening to me
because you have joined either
intentionally or or not coffee with
Scott Adams the best part of the day
except for the other parts that are good
too and now that you're all here
or at least many of you are here it's
time to join me in this simultaneous up
grab your mug your cup your chalice your
Stein your container your glass your
your receptacle of any kind that holds
the beverage fill it with your favorite
beverage I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous it oh what a fun day in
the news it is and on social media I
would like to first call your attention
to the best thinking that I've ever seen
on the Internet
who might that be you ask where would I
find the best thinking on the internet I
just watched a podcast
it's a Jordan Peterson podcast it's his
own podcast in which he's interviewing
Bjorn Lomborg now Bjorn Lomborg is
famous for talking about the economics
of climate change but he talks about the
economics of all the big challenges
climate change being one of them and
then he ranks them based on economics
now if you want to hear the smartest two
people in the world talking it's
actually crazy like I didn't think I
would listen to something that was over
an hour long but you can't stop
listening listen to Jordan Peterson
talking to Bjorn Lomborg so if you want
to find that
Google Jordan Peterson and Bjorn Lomborg
LOM Bo RG I've tweeted Lomborg around
before now here's what's special about
it I'm writing book now in which I'm a
big part of the theme is that you can't
really understand the world unless you
understand certain disciplines and there
are certain disciplines that are more
important than others and learning how
to make decisions and how to think about
the world
Jordan Peterson has obviously an
expertise in the areas of psychology but
in talking with Jordan Peterson we can
see that he also has a firm enough
understanding of economics and I'll tell
you when you combine a firm enough
understanding of the basic concepts of
economics you don't have to get down to
look too low in the details with a with
an understand
understanding of psychology and a
general high IQ and understanding of
science you get something that you just
don't get with other combinations of
skills so if you take somebody who's a
great artist and you you say yeah let's
layer onto this a great understanding of
literature that person is not really
designed to think effectively but the
trick is and the bad part is they think
they are so here's here's one of the
most true and annoying things about the
world everyone thinks they know how to
think we all think we have this thing
called common sense we all think we know
how to think but we do not we do not
know how to think there are a few people
who have who have pursued the
disciplines that teach you how to do it
and those people do know how to think
Jordan Peterson is one of them Bjorn
lumber
Bjorn Lomborg is another now you could
disagree with their conclusions because
nothing is certain in this world but
when you hear the the rational thought
behind it it's just mind-blowing because
it's so completely different than
anything you'll see on the Internet
so check that out alright now that I've
talked about good thinking I would like
to talk about some of the dumbest
thinking that I've seen lately and I
surfaced a lot of this dumb thinking
with a dumb idea of my own which might
be dumber might not be but I'm not
really qualified to know and so I asked
the following question yesterday on the
Internet I said would it be possible to
take co2 out of the air and through a
chemical reaction turn it into some kind
of you know concrete or brick making
thing that you could turn it into bricks
and I said make them like Legos and when
I said like Legos I don't mean plastic
LEGO pieces I mean something like a
brick that can fit together with another
brick so it's easy to build stuff with
them now a lot of people now whenever I
let me tell you I have a history of
asking this type of question so for
years I've been asking questions that go
like this would it be possible to do X
typically the answer I get on the
Internet is 30% of the people say not
only is it possible but here's a link to
company that's already doing it and that
would be about 30% of the people 70% of
the people will say Hugh idiot that's
not possible at the same time the other
people are pointing me to links where
it's already being done now I would like
to mock in the name of Dale the worst
comments that I got when I say the worst
I mean people who do not think like
Jordan Peterson or beyond Bjorn Lomborg
if I may I would like to invite Dale
to imitate the comments that bothered me
the most in terms of not being rational
to my question could Co to be harvested
from the air and turned into bricks that
you could build stuff with and the the
comments that I got that bothered me the
most are and I quote ho-ho-hold Scot co2
is flat food it's flat food do you want
to starve the plants let's discuss yes
co2 is plant food yes
greenhouses pump co2 into the greenhouse
because more is better
for the greenhouse and if that were the
only variable in the entire universe you
would be right Dale co2 is plant food
end of discussion
end of discussion the more the better so
I've been tweeting back to people and
asking them if if their culture has the
concept of too much
you've heard of cultures you know there
are primitive cultures and some animals
I guess who don't have the concept of
zero so if you can imagine some cultures
so primitive they don't really have a
concept of zero but apparently on the
internet there are a lot of people who
don't have the concept of too much now
if it's true the co2 is causing warming
and that the warming could become too
much then yes you could feed the plants
until you destroyed the planet with heat
because at some point there's too much
if you don't understand that too much
plant food could ever be too much under
any scenario you do not belong talking
on the Internet
now others say others say that what
happens if you take too much co2 out of
the atmosphere if you got too good at it
the plants would die to which I say I
think we would figure out to slow down
before that happened and according to
the scientists we could take a whole lot
of co2 out of the air before we put a
dent in what they imagine is the or they
predict is the the warming so the
dumbest thing that you'll ever hear is
co2 is plant food please stop saying
that it just is so dumb it's true it's a
hundred percent true but saying it acts
as though there's only one variable in
the world right it's sort of like saying
you can't drown because people drink
water that's sort of like saying that
yeah I know analogies are not persuasive
that's what you're going to say next but
the point is I'm making a point that
most things have a level that is too
much if you think co2 is the only thing
that doesn't have a too much level
well that'd say that if you can back
that up that might be a point but but if
you if you think there might be a
concept of too much co2
stop saying co2 is plant food end of
story
it's done here's what other people said
when I said could you take co2 out of
the atmosphere and build a brick
they said oh yes you can Scott it's
called a tree it's called the tree okay
I don't think if you're if you're gonna
build a house you don't start by
planting a tree do you because it seems
to me that time is a variable all right
you don't plant a tree to build a house
you might use a tree that's already
grown you might plant trees because
planting trees is good for a variety of
reasons but if you want to scrub co2 out
of the air planting a tree is not a
substitute at least not a perfect
substitute for scrubbing co2 out of the
atmosphere and making breaks now some
people say my god Scott how dumb of you
you it would take way too much energy to
convert to the co2 into something useful
now of course that's true so it's true
that as far as we know nobody's been
able to scrub co2 out of the air at a
reasonable cost and energy that wouldn't
cause more co2 in the production of the
energy that it would - then they would
that it would benefit but here's the
thing couldn't you say that or something
like it for every new technology wasn't
it true that nothing worked until it did
now some have said I saw a skeptic say
that somebody who was pulling the co2
out of the air and turning it into
plastic that they you need to remove an
amount of air that's the size of the the
volume of the Empire State Building to
create a little piece of plastic this
much now if technology never improved I
would say well we're done but it seems
to me that all the companies that are
working on this problem have certainly
considered how much energy goes into it
and there are quite a few people who are
funded and working on this is it
possible that everyone working in this
area has not thought of what you trolls
on the internet have thought of that
there's too much energy involved I have
to think they all thought of that
I have to think that a hundred percent
of the people working on this problem
have thought of that first first it's
not the thing that they all forgot I
will guarantee you that everyone working
on this field of changing co2 into
something useful
whether it's Jeff fuel or plastics or
sneakers and all those things are
happening by the way I would guess with
a high degree of certainty that a
hundred percent of those people have
considered the energy usage as their top
priority because that's the problem
they're trying to fix and speaking of
Bill Gates somebody just mentioned him
one of his companies and I forget which
one is involved in turning co2 into jet
fuel which is an especially good an
especially good process if you can make
it work because jet fuel is one of those
things that you can't you can't use
solar power to power your jet so if you
could turn the co2 into jet fuel and at
a reasonable energy use of a great idea
now here's the thing do you think that
Bill Gates who invested in that company
didn't think about the fact that it
would caught it would use more energy to
create than it would be worth do you
think that Bill Gates or or even whoever
is investing for him didn't have that
question in their head so I get what
you're saying that we're not yet able to
do it but the fact that there are so
many people working on it certainly
suggests that number one they thought of
this problem and number two they have
enough hypotheses or directions or
things to test that they think they can
beat it so it seems to be a loser thing
to say that the early version of
something doesn't work and therefore it
can never work because we don't know how
to solve this problem when everybody
working on it knows that's the problem
that's the problem they're solving is
the energy imbalance all right
so there's that I tweeted something
today that caused some fairly massive
cognitive dissonance which is always fun
to look at because you can see how
people signal their cognitive dissonance
and I'm gonna read my tweet so that you
can get all of its goodness in its exact
form and it was a response to a tweet in
which Judah Maccabee --ts that's his
Twitter name talked about some
statistics that show that the GOP in
particular used to care a lot about
lying but in recent years very recent
years they don't care that much at all
so so Republicans went from caring a lot
about lying to not really carry that
much in politics so specifically we're
talking about politics and so Judah not
his real name said to clarify talking
about that that poll this is the this is
an amazing statistic not just because of
the drop that's the drop and how much
they cared about lying but but but
because this is just a large number of
Republicans think Trump is a liar and
have decided that honesty must not be
that important so that's his assumption
about Republic what Republicans think I
replied to that by saying it suggests
that Republicans understand the news is
fake
the other side is lying all the time and
directionally true hyperbole plus
winning is better than technical honesty
and losing and what did people say about
that well let me talk about that first
so which of these which of these
statements I just make are not true is
it true this is my tweet they're
Republicans understand that the news is
fake that's true right Republicans
understand that the news is sometimes
inaccurate it's out of context is fake
so the entire
canvas that everybody's working on is
artificial and fake it's all it's all
lies and then I said the other side is
lying all the time meaning Democrats is
that true yeah that's true
it's sure that both sides are lying all
the time they leave on contacts they you
know exaggerate they use hyperbole they
use fear when it's not really you know
the right place to use it etc so that's
true and then I said directionally true
hyperbole meaning lying but in the right
direction so an example that would be if
you said the immigrants coming across
the border are you know raping and
killing more than regular people but it
turns out that they're they're just
raping and killing an average amount it
still gets you to the same place you
don't want any raping and killing so if
you could have less of that everybody be
better off so I think out you all agree
with that
and I said the winning is better than
being technically honest and losing I
think everybody agrees with that too
would you rather be alive or would you
rather tell the terrorists the truth
well I would rather be alive and I would
lie it to a terrorist to save your life
too because I would rather you be alive
than I tell the truth to a terrorist so
there are plenty of reasons why the
truth is the worst tool for the job and
politics is certainly the best example
that so how did people respond to me
saying a bunch of things that are just
obviously true it's obviously true that
the news is fake it's obviously true
both sides use hyperbole and it's
obviously true that getting a good
result is better than a bad result all
true stuff now it also blows apart one
of the most strongly held beliefs on the
left that the president's lying is
hurting the country and when I point out
that it's just the entire context is
everybody lying so in that context the
best you can do is at least get a good
result
it's hard to argue against that so how
do they argue when they have no argument
they do it this way lol look at this guy
lol ha I thought his cartoon characters
were just characters but it turns out
they're just versions of himself wah wah
wah lol so when you see the lol without
a reason it's because they don't have
one but they're sure they do have one
they just can't really quite verbalize
it all they know is that the world view
got blown apart by my tweet because
nobody can really argue with the point
that both sides are lying all the time
that's hard to argue with nobody can
really argue with the fact that the news
is is fake on both sides pretty much all
the time either either at least by
leaving out context all the time those
are hard to argue with so instead you
get the lol my favorite one here's my
favorite critic this morning so in
response to that tweet in which it's
just completely true and everybody
agrees with it here's what somebody says
to my tweet that's completely true and
everybody agrees with everything I said
you're better than that Scott you're
better than that to which I say I'm
definitely not better than that I just
did that I'm definitely not better than
the thing I just did because the thing I
just did is exactly how good I am people
are not and I talk about this all the
time you were not your good thoughts
your good thoughts are not who you are
what you do is who you are so if I do
something that's who I am you know it
may not be the whole picture because I
do more than one
thing but what I do that's who I am
it's not my good thoughts but those are
now Who I am and then I left them a cup
linked to a copy of my book win Bigley
in which I show that I have been paid a
large amount of money to write on this
topic so so there I've noticed that
baito / orc is being highly highly
considered by the Democrats to run for
president here's what's interesting
about baito now bado is a an adult white
male and under normal situations I would
say to you there is no way that
Democrats will support an adult at white
male because they're sort of the party
of we don't like adult white males but
there's one exception if that adult
white male is young and good-looking you
know it if he's sexy what does that say
for the party of women then it's also
the party of the majority of LGBTQ folks
if you have this weird situation where
the Democrats are sort of toying with a
boy toy as a candidate now but who would
they rather talk about now think about
this the the Democrats would like to
have a president that they would like to
focus on and talk about for forty-eight
four to eight years who would they like
to focus on and talk about it's just
their job let's say your job is the news
who do you want to think about and talk
about how about a good-looking tall
white guy it feels to me like beta
O'Rourke is being pushed forward for
reasons that have absolute
nothing to do with his policies am I
wrong about that this seems entirely
boy-toy related to me it just seems that
sky you're better than that yeah now
let's talk about the President and
Congress I tweeted around a Joel Pollak
article that you should all should read
I just we did that a few minutes ago
about the president and the potential
for find a middle ground with Congress
and with this whole wall situation
correct me if I'm wrong is it wrong to
say that Democrats and Republicans
already agree on the wall is just that
we have a branding problem and a
political problem because Republicans
would say we need a wall wherever it
makes sense stuff a wall and then we'll
use other methods where we don't need a
solid wall Democrats would say well sure
you could have a wall in a few places
where it makes sense to have a wall but
we don't want a wall where it doesn't
make sense to have a wall those are
identical views and they both want to
spend money to get it done the only
thing that's different at this point is
the way they're referring to it is it a
fence or a wall so I would like to
propose the following compromise we
don't call it a fence and we don't call
it a wall we'll call it a combination of
a wall and a fence or a whence W ence
now we're not building a wall we're not
building a fence
we're building a went a went is part
wall wherever it makes sense to have a
wall and part of fence wherever it makes
sense to have a fence does a fence make
sense oh my god that rhymes if you name
is pence do you want a fence it makes
sense
hence let's get ourselves a Wentz
now I don't think this idea has any
probably doesn't have any legs at all
except that it's it's way fun to say it
isn't it I just realized this might be
stickier than I think when I said
combine a wall and a fence and make it a
whence how many of you had to say that
out loud where you were yeah alright
here's the honest question wherever you
are
did you say out loud the word went as
soon as I said you know combination of
wall and fences or whence did you say it
out loud because if you did it's sticky
if you didn't then you then it just
passed over and will have no you have no
effect commenced the when's it does
arrives with everything doesn't it
Oh whence it's like a pence I didn't
know no no people are saying no they did
not say it out loud one said yes no no
no no no okay so most of you did not say
it out loud so that would indicate that
it is not viral
all right I have a suggestion for fixing
immigration southern immigration are you
ready for this this is my suggestion for
fixing immigration in a way that
everybody will agree with an app and it
goes like this suppose you have a job
app that would be immigrants can apply
for jobs on the app and these would be
people who are living south of the
border of their Mexican or their Central
American and they would like a job in
the United States and they want to apply
for it
so imagine there's an app so if they
have a friend who's got a smartphone or
they can find an internet connection
somewhere they can apply but it would
have the following conditions following
conditions they can't apply for a job
unless it's been open for one month for
Americans only so the only jobs that are
available are ones that haven't been
filled for one month and you'd have to
have to be able to demonstrate that in
some way now imagine that the app allows
people to negotiate the the the language
difference so there's some translation
or whatever but they can apply for a job
and lined one up so that if they can get
to the United States there's already a
job waiting now that solves the first
problem of are they contributing more
than they're taking out of the system
the second thing is that they would also
be able to use the app to negotiate
housing so they might find let's say to
other immigrants who also wanted a job
at the same let's say big farm and they
would figure out that they can share a
room so be maybe three of them in a room
whatever so the app would figure out it
before they came across the border they
would have a job lined up a economical
place to stay transportation to get
there and then the last thing I think is
health care so perhaps there's a way to
have temporary health care just for the
benefit of the immigrant community just
own sort of internal deal and maybe they
pay for it maybe they maybe it cost them
$50 to you know a month or something and
maybe it only covers the biggest stuff
so it's possible it only covers some
real big stuff but they you know use a
doctor on demand or something for the
little stuff somebody says it sounds
like h-1b visas a little bit so it's
sort of the poor man's version of an
h-1b visa so the idea is this that you
could have unlimited immigration so
that's yeah if the people on the on the
Left like that it would be unlimited so
long as people can demonstrate that they
can have a job a place to stay a way to
get there and at least enough health
care that they're paying on their own
for the emergency stuff the big
expensive stuff could you get to a point
fairly quickly where every immigrant is
value added and then if you could get to
that point the the question of eventual
citizenship etc you can really kind of
put those off indefinitely because
everybody would be coming in with a
legal status and you'd be able to
attract them you'd know what they're
doing and everybody would be doing
something good and so that's that's an
idea I'm putting out there so what can't
you solve with a nap
nothing so a lot of people have been
saying we should hire the immigrants to
build the wall I have also said things
like that by usually joking here's why
you can't hire immigrants to build the
wall are you ready it's all done with
big equipment the the wall as it is
designed is pretty much one guy with a
crane and a couple of guys saying over
here put that you know there's like a
backhoe and a crane and that's about it
so it's not actually that
labor-intensive weirdly enough
yeah I don't think you can I don't think
you need much labor to build the fence
because it's mostly big equipment stuff
you need cranes and backhoes and you
know it's not like you need guys with
shovels you don't really need that cost
is in the materials that is correct
it's a materials thing mostly why don't
they have sponsorship of immigrants
that's a good question
what about sponsorship what about the
sponsor takes responsibility for the I
don't healthcare of the immigrant or
something about them so that so that
they are more likely to be economically
positive all right well now correct me
if I'm wrong but a lot of you have used
this term whence for for a term that
isn't sticky a lot of people are using
it let's build the when's all right
obviously in your comments because we're
kind of interesting at the moment all
right that's all I got for now I will
talk to you later