Oh pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
boom
Peter Duke come on in here hey Jen a
UNIX mark Tyler Tyler you're always in
here early you got fast fingers based
diva hello
well we got lots of talk about and when
I say we have a lot to talk about
I'm mostly talking about Bret
Cavanaugh's junk right remember when we
used to talk about North Korea and the
economy and president Trump's tweets do
you remember those days it seems so long
ago now yeah now it's pretty much
non-stop talk about Bret Cavanaugh's
genitalia so let's get to it
after the simultaneous hip join me will
you mm simultaneous hip raise your copy
of glassier Chellis your mug coffee
optional so there's a poll asking who do
you believe in the Cavanaugh situation
and Christine Ford people who believe
hurt 36 percent Brett Kavanaugh 30% some
more people believe in Kristine Ford but
almost an equal number of both of those
categories are unsure now how does that
poll compare to the poll you saw that
said only 25% of women believed the
accuser completely different right right
and this is a Fox News poll so you would
expect that they would want this they
would want the result to come out saying
that nobody believes the accuser you
know you would assume that that would be
their bias
so that first poll that people like me
tweeted around absolutely fraudulent who
did that first poll that said there was
only a 25 or 28% people believed
Kristen's Christine Ford
I think Tucker highlighted it I'm sure I
tweeted it and when I find out where
that came from
I won't be I won't be tweeting that
source again ever so the first thing you
should keep in mind is that that first
poll you saw is so different from this
one that one of them is just made up
this one is the Fox Fox one is opposite
of what you think their bias should be
so it automatically is more credible
because it doesn't support their own you
know preferred story one assumes whereas
the other one was just oh so yeah it was
a Huffington Post poll so Huffington
Post had a poll this is weird what's
happened to the world so Huffington Post
ran a poll result there was a opposite
of what they would want it to be and
then it was debunked by a Fox News poll
that was the opposite of what Fox News
would want it to be is that a step in
the right direction I don't know I don't
know if that's a step in the right
direction all right let's talk about a
few more things it does it doesn't seem
like it's shaping up this Thursday event
with Christine forward and Kavanagh
Christine Ford's testifying in
particular does it seem like this
battling up it's forming the battle of
the sexes again those of you who are not
old enough let me explain what the
battle of the sexes refers to so it was
the 70s I think in which X number one
tennis player male tennis player Bobby
Riggs
who was sort of a famous gambler you
know crazy personality guy he bet Billie
Jean King who was the at the time the
current number one female player that he
could player in tennis and beat her
she's the number one best female player
in the world at the time and he was a
retired older or I forget in his late
50s or whatever he was but he was way
past his prime but he said that even
past his prime a man could beat a woman
at tennis now it was all great fun and I
remember watching it live when I was a
kid and we didn't know who would win it
was actually really interesting I had no
idea as it turns out Billie Jean King
won and it was considered a big a big
event in terms of the overall work of
men and women now it seems to me that
this Cavanaugh conformation is lining up
to really not be about Cavanaugh anymore
it started that way but it's not really
about Cavanaugh anymore is it doesn't
seem like it's really another battle of
the sexes because the objections to
Cavanaugh are almost entirely based on
what what people believed he would rule
in terms of women's reproductive rights
that's the main issue right so it's
primarily about a gender difference and
preference and all of the discussion of
whether he did or did not do the things
which he is accused of doing have
everything to do with the credibility of
women making it making accusations so
this is what makes it a battle of the
sexes because it's left the the battle
has left the field of these two people
and whether one person gets a job it's
no longer about that it's no longer
about somebody getting appointed it's
now elevated to the bigger question of
power
you know who has the power do women have
the power in in this case it would be to
be believed without the benefit of
corroborating support or do men have the
power which is the ability to you know
presumably abuse and get away with it a
lot and also the power to not be accused
of something you didn't do and to still
be innocent until proven guilty so
there's a lot on the line here
that has nothing to do with the
individuals involved has a lot to do
with our bigger impression of the
patriarchy versus the matriarchy who has
power who doesn't can a man ever run for
office what will happen to what will
happen to the sons you know will it be
safe for men and women to even be
together you know would it if you're
watching this and you're in the
corporate world I just saw tweet this
morning somebody in the corporate world
said that they've discontinued all all
private contact with women just
discontinued in a business setting so in
a business setting this is someone who
won't make a phone call privately to a
woman it will actually require someone
else to be on the call it requires a
witness to a phone call and you say to
yourself well that's crazy you don't
need a witness just to make a phone call
a man to a woman in a business setting
but maybe you do all right
it's not crazy it's sort of them yeah
the mike pence rule attenuated a little
bit I'm sure he makes phone calls to
women but yeah you could take it to that
extreme and you wouldn't be crazy
it wouldn't be crazy it would just be
safe so what do you think this is going
to do to turnout gender-wise
seems to me that women would be highly
incented I would imagine that they
turnout for the midterm among women
would be very high
what would be the turnout among men if
you were to guess what more would there
be a greater increase in turnout of men
or a greater increase in turnout for
women based on you know what's in the
atmosphere right now what would you
guess more men or more women now here's
a yeah I was going to say something and
I'm pulling back we're gonna change the
subject and keep myself out of trouble
I noticed that Michael Moore's movie did
you see the the box office results for
Michael Moore's new movie it's it's
called Fahrenheit 11:9 referring to the
day after the election and it's an
anti-trump movie I believe the Michael
Moore movie let me give you the actual
numbers because it's it's shocking how
poorly it did now he's not Michael Bohr
is not a you know box office draw
anymore but still let's see if I can
give you the real number that headline
has already disappeared darn it somebody
he'll tell me but it not only did it
bomb it almost didn't exist it was it
did so poorly that it was almost
non-existent in the box office you know
I think the the total income was in the
low few thousands of dollars and you've
noticed that if I were to ask you all
right I'm gonna ask you a question in a
minute and I want you to give me the
first three names that come to mind all
right so I want you to name the first
three people who have come to mind and
here it is male Democrats go the first
three male Democrats you think of male
Democrats
go now some of you thought of Michael
Moore Chuck Schumer and and most of you
are watching men being excoriated that
even word and it seems to me that the
brand the Democrat brand is just so it's
so flagrantly anti male at this point
that I just don't know how men can be
members of that party actually I'm
actually I don't know how it works
oh damn it I was just going to tell you
something very interesting and oh the
hero was so I was watching Tucker
Carlson show the other day and there's a
there's an anti-trump Democrat whose
name I don't remember you'll recognize
them he's one of them one of the
regulars who comes on Tucker's show and
argues against Trump he's got a shaved
head and he likes to get off target he
likes to leave the topic until dr. Elsa
and my camera member is named by the way
he's one of the standard representatives
of the Democrats and here's an
interesting thing you said he was
talking about how they I guess is the
Judiciary Committee he has a bunch of
old white men now other people have said
that and it's actually a good point you
know we live in a diverse society why is
some important representative group just
a bunch of white men so it's the point
perfectly good point
but here's the way the anti-trump er
Democrat explained it he said the entire
committee has no as no ethnic you know
diversity whatsoever so far good point
so far fair statement the Judiciary
Committee has no you know ethnic
diversity and that he went out to say
more importantly
it has no women more importantly how
important is more importantly so here's
the guy representing the Democrats and
with nobody questioning this statement
he said that this group of that are all
just old white men has no diversity you
know no ethnic diversity and you go good
point and then he says more importantly
it doesn't have women and I thought to
myself more importantly interesting now
it might be more important I'm not going
to say that the point is wrong the point
might have been right that maybe that's
the balance that we needed you know even
more than ethnic diversity because it's
the courts and or more they're more more
things about reproductive rights than
there are things about other things so
his point may have been completely good
but here's the interesting part
even Tucker let it go as a
non-controversial statement you know
something not worth following up on that
he said publicly and clearly
representing Democrats and nobody
questioned it they're having more female
representatives on the group is more
important than having ethnic diversity
now what have I been telling you is the
brand-- problem that the Democrats have
the brand problem is that they're they
they seem to have more interest in
solving the problems of women than
solving the problems of let's say
African Americans and you can see that
fairly clearly in that in that comment
but mostly because it was
non-controversial that a simple
statement that getting more women on the
committee is more important than getting
let's say African Americans on the
committee and that nobody questioned
that
Richard Goodstein maybe that sounds
right but I'm not sure I won't confirm
that let's talk about let's talk about
James Woods so he is apparently refusing
to delete the offending tweet and so
James Woods as supposed to be you know
got suspended from Twitter but he can go
back on as soon as he defends the
offending tweet now part of the issue
which I didn't know about is that
apparently his girlfriend is the one who
retweeted this thing that was an old
beam that James Woods had tweeted a long
time ago and didn't get in trouble the
first time but this time you did what is
his girlfriend did not so his girlfriend
tweeted it but did not get did not get
blocked or suspended and I also wonder
what about all the other people who
retweeted it why don't they also get
suspended if one person can get
suspended why can't all the people who
retweeted it now it's probably good that
that's not the rule that that the only
one who gets suspended is the creator of
the not the meme in this case but the
creator of the message that went with a
meme which is presumably what made it
worse that's a good question what why
did the retweet errs get a pass I don't
know so I told you my take on it which
is that because the way James Woods
presented the meme is probably what was
problematic because he said it's
probably not true but it could be true
in this world which leaves open the
possibility it's true which is just
enough oxygen that you could expect
other people to think it is true right
and since other people thinking it is
true could influence the election which
I think it could actually it was a
strong meme it was strong enough
that it actually could move people not
many but it could move a few people and
so Twitter's rules are essentially they
don't want fake news moving elections
which is a good a good objective it's
just hard to execute because there's a
lot of judgment call now here's here's
the interesting point that comes out of
the whole James Woods thing before we
could measure the impact of persuasion
we we couldn't make it illegal right we
nobody would try to kick you off social
media for being persuasive it's only and
you know in all of the questions about
Google and the big companies whether or
not they're biasing the algorithms all
of that stuff that stuff only matters
because we've entered an age where where
our persuasion gets measured that were
thinking of measuring it even when we
can't measure it so in the case of let's
say the Russian persuasion we couldn't
really measure if anything happened I
think the impact was probably so close
to zero it didn't make a difference but
the fact that we live in a world where
there is persuasion and we understand
what it is and we can we can recognize
it a little better but we also now have
technology to measure it pretty quickly
you try this meme you compare it to this
meme and you see which one gets more
clicks so once you can measure something
it takes on new importance alright so
here's the key point once you can
measure something it takes on new
importance because things that we can
measure we care about things we think
are true and may be happening but are
hard to measure we don't care about the
reason that global warming climate
change is such a big international issue
in part is because it's measurable now
there's a big debate about whether it's
being measured correctly or interpreted
correctly but that's less important than
the fact we've entered an age where
we're making serious efforts to measure
it once you can measure it or you think
you can measure it or someone thinks
they can measure it it gains new
importance so the fact we can measure
persuasion almost guarantees it will
someday be illegal let me ask you this
if you could measure how how how
persuasive I am let's just say that was
possible it might be possible it's
almost possible oh but let's say let's
say you could measure how how persuasive
I am just personally just as a
personality on Twitter and periscope if
you could measure how I change people's
votes and I think we're very close to
the point where at least the tech
companies could measure that even if I
can't and let's say they looked at my
persuasion and it was all weighted in
one direction well say it was weighted
Republican and it was measurable and
let's say that I didn't have any any
gross factual errors that you know are
clearly something I made up right so I
might be wrong on some facts but that
would be like everybody else
as long as it looks like I didn't make
up facts just to you just to change the
election but let's say just I know you
make sure you make fun of the way I say
measure the measurements I come from the
upper upstate New York we measure but
you can measure if you want to measure
so would it be someday illegal for
someone who is trained in persuasion to
be super persuasive
and wait'll I finish this this thought
if we all agree that fake news that
moves that moves an election should be
eliminated from the platform's
what about people like me who don't use
any fake news or at least not
intentionally we I would never do that
intentionally but I can absolutely move
outcomes
shouldn't I be kicked off the platform
should night because if I can move
people's opinion without changing you
know any factual news and you know
nothing's untrue I can just move
people's opinion do they have free will
is it free will if the information you
get from me is exactly the same as why
you rather than the news but the way I
framed it the words I use the you know
the emphasis I put on things the
techniques I used actually change your
opinion in the way you could measure
should I be illegal on social media now
the reason that this sounds like a
ridiculous question is because there are
very few people who are actually
persuasive it's kind of rare it's it's
one of the reasons that President Trump
you know enjoys pretty much an empty
field when it comes to persuasion he's
sort of the only one who's good at it at
the moment who was even in the political
realm on social media there are lots of
people who have big followings and stuff
but there aren't that many people who
were actually trained to persuade all
right Mike sort of itch he's one he's
trained he actually actually has the
background the knowledge he's written
books and the topic he writes about it
he's persuasive and you can tell by the
number of followers he has that you know
it's it's pretty obvious so would people
like us someday be kicked off of social
media
just for being persuasive what do you
think I think it depends how persuasive
we are see if you're thinking to
yourself no you could never you could
never criminalize or punish just being
persuasive that would be going way too
far and I say only because you can't
measure it well the moment you could
measure how much impact I had on the
26th 2016 election if it were possible
to know how much impact I personally had
on that election I would be kicked off
social media I'm pretty sure that's true
now it might it might have to happen in
a indirect way they might have to find
something I did that violates a rule
that I didn't know I was violating you
know I haven't I don't think I've ever
intentionally violated any rule on
social media I can't think of any time
I've done that yeah I'll be falsely
accused of something but just think
about that point the only reason it's
legal is because they have not yet found
a effective way to measure it that it
was objective all right
[Music]
am i persuading Twitter to kick me off
I'm not
I would hope to persuade them otherwise
alan dershowitz
hmm okay so what is your net net of that
let's go back to Cavanaugh for a minute
because it's the interesting thing oh by
the way I treated this morning it was
pretty popular tweet and I said what are
the odds were going to get to the end of
this week without a description of
Cavanaugh's genitalia and matching it to
some kind of vegetable or fruit I'm
going to say that the odds of getting to
the end of this week with in an actual
description of his genitalia is low now
I'll tell you I don't know who would who
would try to get that job ever again
give you imagine you know if somebody I
I've actually considered this in the
past I've thought to myself oh I'd make
it pretty good I'd make a pretty good
Supreme Court justice if they if they
took people who had never been lawyers
and then I thought I thought I would who
would want to go through this process I
sure wouldn't
can he make a persuasion scale to say it
was who was more persuasive on 1 1 to 10
oh yeah and and by the way the latest
accusation is that he exposed his
private part when he was 14
am I wrong that that's roughly the age
that he is accused of doing this new
thing right the am I wrong about that
the age it was an accusation that he may
have exposed himself when he was 14
years old and we're treating it and and
that and that if he did it was in the
context of a joke because they were
pretending to do something blah blah so
it wasn't you know I'm not I'm not
defending it so let me say that clearly
I'm not defending it I'm describing it
and I'm describing it as the context was
a joke let me tell you a incident that
happened at my restaurant I owned so
years ago my restaurant manager her name
is Stacy the restaurants closed now so
this is past past history she was
working so she was the my co-owner and
manager of the restaurant and she was
working in the the the walk-in freezer
and she was down she was crouched down
organizing some boxes or something so
sue she's doing something on the floor
and one of the server's who was a friend
of hers so he worked there so he was an
employee but there were also friends
they knew each other pretty well
he he took a sausage you know just like
a sausage and apparently spent a little
time in the kitchen carving the end of
the sausage so that it looked let's say
a little more lifelike if you know what
I mean and he took the sausage and he
put it through his pants zipper so that
what he walked into the walk-in closet
to surprise
to surprise Stacy I was a freshman at
Yale okay so I had the year Rome he was
18 the accusation is it was 18 so that's
a correction if everybody missed this
we're not talking about freshman in high
school we're talking about freshman in
college that's the accusation
so Kavanaugh would have been 18 if if
what I'm saying in the comments is right
sounds right
so so the the the server puts the
sausage through his pants so it looks
like it belongs to him he's spent some
time to do some carving on the end of it
to make it look more realistic but it's
still the the shape and texture of a
sausage so he walks into the the walk-in
where Mike co-owner of the restaurant
Stacey was crouched down so she was
probably on her knees or to crouch down
and he he says you know something to her
and she turns around and comes face the
sausage with a sausage that he has put
through his pants supper now here's the
question how long did he keep his job so
did the server get fired on the spot
what happened well in this case she
thought it was the funniest thing she's
ever seen in her life because it totally
fooled her for a moment so when she
turned around she actually thought it
was not only part of the server you know
so she did think it was part of his body
but because it was literally a carved
sausage there was it was like hideous at
the same time so she thought it was real
and hideous simultaneously as she was
surprised and she saw and she screamed
but when she realized the joke she she
thought it was like the funniest thing
she's ever seen and she told all her
friends and you know she loves telling
the story
and not only did he keep his job he was
you know one of the favorite employees
now when you hear that story
you're probably saying to yourself well
if somebody did that in my office they
would not keep their job very long and
of course everything depends on the
situation and the people and how well do
you know the person and you know is this
really a joke or is this sexual
harassment a lot of it just depends on
the person in this case yeah this was
this was clearly a situation where you
could imagine someone getting fired it
were you know practically arrested
probably not arrested but you could
certainly see somebody getting fired for
it or written up or something but
because they knew each other you know
nothing like that was the case it was
just a very inappropriate funny time
yeah she was not in the category of
people don't have a sense of humor
that's true so I asked you earlier to
name three men they remind you of
Democrats so who are the three men who
were Democrats and I would think Michael
Moore comes to mind Chuck Schumer Cory
Booker who are your three who are the
top three Democrats you think of
so anyway my point is that if the three
men you think about if you're a if
you're a woman and you think of
political people the three Democrats you
think ever Michael Moore Harvey
Weinstein Chuck Schumer that's a that is
a sad sad place to be a man
Biden yeah you got a raise okay that's
funny if Harvey Weinstein was
good-looking would this be an issue of
course he would of course it would
so his intention the key
yeah intention intention does make a big
difference it's not enough to keep you
out of jail
but it certainly should make a
difference so but think about this
here's something I've said before why is
it that you're rubbing against your own
pants typically doesn't make you
sexually aroused it's because the
physical contact isn't really the thing
it's it's always been a mental process
so intention does matter yeah there's a
reason that your doctor can touch you
and it's not arousing and something else
can touch you and it is so the intention
is it's a big part yeah because we we
register intention as important Tim
Kaine yes Rosen Stein resigning somebody
says I'll bet that's not real I'll just
google that to see if that were true it
would be a headline but apparently it's
not not true a Booker and chef yeah
I guess there's I guess there aren't too
many you know manly men on either side
but yeah that's somebody said McCabe
that's funny
your answers are mean anyway I think the
battle of the sexes is on and the
Thursday will be the day is that is the
accusers is her testimony going to be
public can somebody tell me that will
Christine Ford's testimony be public and
televised or not because I would think
she would ask for it not to be but I
haven't heard somebody answer that for
me please will the testimony be public I
hate this delay I wish your answers
could be here in real time
yes you can't tickle yourself to my
prior point about intention the reason
you can't tickle yourself is probably
because you know you know your own
intentions and you know you know what
it's going to feel like
sois well yes well Wells up-and-comer
these is my Congress person here I've
met him a few times through mutual
friends so you know if you're up let's
talk about Abu Dhabi now when you think
of Arvind AMI
who do you think of stormy Daniels right
so avenatti stormy Daniels avenatti
stormy Daniels it's impossible not to
think of stormy Daniels and therefore
porn in porn stars so avenatti has
attached himself to this new headline
because he's good at attaching himself
to headline there he has apparently some
new witness he was going to say
something about Kavanagh now if you were
on the side of fighting against Kavanagh
so so there were two sides there's the
pro Kavanagh and there's the anti
Kavanagh of the Democrats mostly if
you're on the Democratic side and you're
saying oh ho we've got this we've got
all the good people on our side saying
let's you know let's do the right thing
let's take calculation seriously you
know we're on the side of the Angels
here we're looking good
wait we just joined our side Michael who
who just joined our side
Michael a vanetti he's on our side now
Mike Michael a vanetti the guy who's
defending the porn star okay this is not
helping our brand this is not helping so
the only thing that could make the
allegations against Kavanagh look less
important and less respectable
this is Michael a vanetti it has nothing
to do with his his talent has nothing to
do with whether his the person he's
representing is telling the truth has
nothing to do with that unit it's just
we make this automatic association with
stormy Daniels and because she's in an
industry which has a low regard probably
presumably on the left he just brings
with it some some psychological baggage
that he's bringing to his his new client
who who may not be a porn star
probably not but she's got a porn store
the the new client has a porn star
lawyer as her lawyer so that's not a
good look either so in terms of the
battle of the sexes I would say that the
Democrats were essentially the party of
women at this point you know primarily
the party for and about women again not
saying that's good or bad just observing
that there's a serious gender difference
between the parties now and which is not
to say that Republicans are the party of
men but they are the party that has men
and has women who like men and it seems
a little different than than the
Democrats so Fox News is reporting Rob
know that Rosenstein is let's see that
let's see that because I don't see that
it's not on their website that would be
the top thing
let's look on Rosen's we'll find this
out in real time oh my god CNBC is
reporting it rod Rosenstein is
reportedly resigning according to CNBC
he's expecting to be fired da and it
could be immediate so actually so ACCI
OSIS the is the basis source for the
reporting and it cites a source familiar
with the matter okay so we have an
anonymous source familiar with the
matter does that mean he's really
resigning no it does seem likely he
would resign and it seems reasonably
would reasonable he would and you could
certainly predict it but so far we have
a story that depends on Axios having
citing a source familiar with the matter
that's nothing
if we've learned anything if we've
learned anything it's that that's
nothing anonymous source familiar with
the matter alright so I won't be
surprised if he does resigned but I I
wouldn't put any credibility in an
anonymous source familiar with the
matter no credibility we don't live in
that world anymore
yeah I know CNBC is reporting him but
they're reporting it based on Axios
reporting at least that's the way it's
stated here on CNBC's website and Fox
News says reports say sounds like every
one of these reports say is probably
going back to the same anonymous source
that we can't check and we wouldn't you
be surprised if he's not resigning
doesn't rod Rosen Stein sword a need to
resign so it was only a matter of time
whether he was fired or resigned so it
doesn't
that much actually as it possible Trump
is riling up women intentionally no why
would even do that has resigned so
that'll be interesting who would replace
rod Rosenstein or Steen that matters and
would Jeff Sessions be the one to hire
their replacement it's his job somebody
said why are you surprised I said the
opposite I said I said it's likely that
he would resign eventually but whether
or not this story is true that he's
resigning right now you can't give it
credibility based on an anonymous report
okay that's all for now I will talk to
you all later bye for now