[Music]
bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum oh hey everybody
hey Martin hey Duncan come on in here
you know why of course you do
because it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams possibly the best time of the day
now why are you coming in and I'm gonna
give you a peek of the fire condition
where I live you look out that window
you will see that it's still totally
white out after well after you get past
my neighbor's house it's complete smoke
conditions the schools are actually
closed
I believe I'm something like a hundred
and seventy miles away from the fire and
a hundred and seventy miles away it's
too dangerous to walk you outside so
just imagine what it's like if you're 50
miles away you're I don't know probably
wearing a mask
so it's getting pretty ugly here schools
are closed and it's time for the
simultaneous up join me please raise
your mug to your glass you cup your sign
your chalice your container fill a fill
full of your favorite fill it full of
your favorite fluids fill it full of
your favorite fluids no I don't think
that's going to be one I'll keep but
join me for the simultaneous imp now
let's talk about the what I like to call
the psychic news network and the reason
I called that is because a lot of the
news on this one network seems to center
around the the ability to read minds let
me give you an example the top headline
on the psychic news network is Twitter
tirade suggests Trump has an inkling so
the headline news is about Trump's
interstate that he's got an inkling
about Muller the Muller might have
something coming for Trump here's
another headline for Trump there's no
easy way out of his funk so it's a story
about Trump's inner thoughts he's in the
funk I don't know how you define funk
but I guess he said one then there's
something about Julian Assange that
doesn't make sense and I don't
understand
then there's Anderson Cooper Ponder's
why Trump is so angry it's another
headline about president Trump's inner
thoughts ken starr says there's another
one about Ken Starr on Trump's tweets
please stop it
well we've never seen anybody tell Trump
he should stop tweeting before that's
news then there's an opinion piece on
Melania Trump it beats Donald at his own
aim so it's not all psychic news
some of it is gossip and then why is
Trump talking about serial and voter ID
it's a news about his hyperbole and
they're treating it like it's real when
the president said you need ID to buy
cereal I think everybody watch it now
understood that if you're gonna pay
there was a lot of money and you were
gonna write a check you might have to
show your ID now my grocery store
doesn't even make me sign for the credit
card purchase so he's a little out of
date but it's not real yeah it wasn't
meant to be literally true that you show
your your ID to buy groceries
it was hyperbole and apparently that
hears the word the weird thing
the psychic news network gets the news
wrong because they don't read his mind
and it's not very hard to read his mind
when he's singling here's a joke
watch here comes a joke watch me give
you a joke and then the psychic news
network says hey no that's not a joke
that one that's real he really believes
that you need to show your idea to buy
cereal so the psychic news network goes
that way now remember my prediction
about the recount who remembers my
prediction about the recount my
prediction was yeah there would be some
problems here and there so there would
be definitely some small stuff they find
because of course they would it's a big
job and there are seasonal workers am I
wrong about that I would assume that now
seasonal about temporary wooden election
workers be people who don't do election
now you stuff every day they only do it
every few years that probably lots of
people hadn't done it it seems to me
that losing some ballots shuffling in
some
questionable ones with some real ones
it's probably pretty normal
we just don't look everywhere so it
seems like it's all in one place so my
prediction was that there would not be
massive voter fraud but there would be
some little stuff so far I'm right that
doesn't mean I'll stay right maybe they
still find something but so far now
let's switch over to the other Network I
don't even have to put names on these
networks do I you if I just tell you the
headlines you could tell me the network
couldn't you alright so one of these oh
there's some more news about the
election that's the top headline and the
other network and there's Korean
American GOP trailblazer who's whose
name is she has an interesting name
young Kim so she's not only young but
she you know she shares that popular Kim
name so it would be very confusing for
her to be in the news but apparently her
lead switched so again I don't think
there's evidence of massive fraud and
she's not in Broward County anyway which
was the subject of it well we'll keep an
eye on that one might be something there
you heard that P Diddy's the mother of
his three children died unexpectedly at
age 47 did you all hear that so I you
know condolences to Diddy I'm not sure
Sean Combs whatever he wants to be
called now I lose track but feeling very
bad about that and I hope the family has
some privacy I'm not going to make a
prediction about cause of death but most
of you already know what I'm predicting
and none of it's good all right the Fox
News has an article about Kamala Harris
Kamala Harris would be most famous for
the fact that
many people think she would be the
front-runner for the Democrats for 2020
for president and apparently in some
hearing she compared ice to the KKK now
whenever you see the headline that
somebody compared something to something
else your antenna should go up and you
should say what does it mean to compare
compare is usually when there has been
fake news about me I can tell you that
that word compare is often in the is
often in the headline so let me give you
an example of what it means to compare
things I like let's see I like what
would be a good example I like babies
everybody likes babies right I like
babies dogs I love dogs dogs are cool so
here are some of the things I like I
like babies I like dogs and I like let's
say nature there are three things I like
I like babies babies are cool I like
dogs I love dogs and I like nature do
you know what the headline it would be
cartoonist compares babies to dogs did
you see that coming
if you didn't see that coming then you
have never been a famous person that
articles are written about the most
trouble I've ever been in was because
somebody used the compared word and took
something out of context and said oh you
use these things in the same sentence
therefore you've compared them but when
I say I love babies I love dogs and I
love nature did I compare a dog to a
baby
I did according to the way trolls and
critics think if they were in the same
sentence and they had something in
common in this case that's something I
like I like dogs I like babies I like
Beecher if they're in the same sentence
and there's something in common and you
put them in the same sentence because
there's something in common your critics
will say you compared a baby to a dog
now that's not necessarily exactly what
happened with Kamala Harris right so
don't take my analogy to mean that means
the same thing as what your situation is
but trust me when I tell you that if you
say if you see a headline that says
somebody compared something to something
else it's probably fake news not
necessarily but that's a red flag that's
like BEP BEP compared to in this case
Kamala Harris was I guess she was in a
committee talking about it doesn't
matter who let's see if she has somebody
in a committee she asked what's the did
let's say did it that I want to see what
the so her question was this are you
aware of the perception of many all
right so remember that the first part of
recept her statement is that other
people have this perception this is
important so the first part of your
statement is not I believe this she's
saying other people have this perception
she goes are you aware of the perception
of many about how the power and the
discretion at ice is being used to
enforce the laws and do you see any
parallels with the KKK so she's asking
him does he see any parallels with the
KKK now that's a pretty despicable
question isn't it because however this
guy answers what's going to happen when
he answers let's say this innocent I
don't know if he's innocent but
poor guy is asked this question do you
see any parallels between the KKK and
ice and let's say he says no I don't see
any parallels what could be said of this
guy the headline could be that he
compared KKK to ice because that is
literally what he was asked to do now in
the comparison he said there's there's
nothing in common but would it be true
if he answered that question could it be
said completely truthfully that he
compared the KKK to ice yeah that would
be exactly what he would be doing
because that was exactly the question
can you compare ice to the KKK and tell
me what you see so when you see the word
compare big flag don't don't trust
anything you see after compare all right
fake news coming so so there are two
things that I'm going to call out here
first of all the question Kamala Harris
asked is despicable in my opinion you
can all have your own opinion but to me
it's reprehensible and disgusting and
despicable and it's not because she
compared them I don't want to use that
word it's because she brought it into
the conversation at all bringing
bringing the KKK into the conversation
is horrible now did she have a point she
kind of did she kinda did
the point is not one that should have
been brought up it should not have been
framed that way it was it was disgusting
and reprehensible and ice doesn't have
anything to do with the KKK all right so
as clearly as I can say it that was a
horrible comparison shouldn't have been
brought up her point was that the way
people feel about ice is not that
different than how people felt about
being threatened by a racist group
so in other words she was making the
point that there are people in the
country who regard ice as a racist group
now if she had phrased her question in
some way like that that's actually a
good question because she started out by
saying do you understand that there are
a lot of people who feel this way she's
not saying it's they should feel this
way that would have been Tripoli wrong
she's saying that people feel that way
that's actually true so she was starting
with a fairly good point which is from a
brand perspective ice has a big brand
problem with a substantial segment of
the population whatever percentage that
is so her question wasn't so far off
that that's crazy it just didn't belong
in this in this situation and it was
unnecessarily provocative but of course
everything is amped up a little bit
because of her potential race not race
in terms of race but race in terms of
the election yeah and then so in this
case the headline that says Kamala
Harris compares ice to KKK is that what
she did do you think the headline is
fair did Kamala Harris compare eyes to
KKK well not exactly
she said that there are people who feel
the same the same way is that comparing
them is it because it's comparing them
the same way that when I said I like
babies I like dogs I like nature
I didn't compare a baby to a dog they're
just part of the same conversation so
some of you are saying yes you did
compare
not really she found one element about
how people feel about it and she was
clear about that was the first part of
the question people feel this way it's
about feelings it is valid to say that
some people in this country have a bad
feeling about Isis and it's a racial
kind of a bad feeling I'm not sure this
headline is doing is doing the work it
should be doing all right so let's look
at another headline there's nothing else
interesting happening right now so the
fire in Northern California I think is
killed 56 people what's the last natural
disaster that killed 56 people can
somebody do me a fact check on that
let's say deaths by not us deaths by
natural causes
let's say American deaths natural is
that a natural disaster how many died
from natural what is the dead list and
that she'll do what natural disaster
kills the most
Wow in 1931 there was a flood in China
that killed between 1 and 4 million
people did you know that have you ever
heard that I have never heard this so
according to Google the number one death
toll from a natural disaster
could have been four million people in
flooding in China 1931 how in the world
have I never heard that that four
million people died I was somebody
saying the 66 or 67 people have died so
far theirs Wow
it looks like China's China has got some
ginormous disasters and the in the
million people range a million people
that's that's almost inconceivable
anyway I'm not gonna look anymore
because apparently there are lots of
natural disasters that are bigger but I
can't think of one it was bigger
well Vegas wasn't a natural disaster I'm
not sure if you call a fire that's
caused by power lines a natural disaster
but when was the last time that 67
people died in one event in this country
Puerto Rican Oh Puerto Rican hurricane
what was the death toll in Puerto Rico
oh it's pretty high wasn't it
22,500 last year number missing is over
600 yeah that the California number with
the number of missing I don't know what
to think about that yet because I think
I think that's just throwing every name
on there that at least a neighbor hasn't
heard from a neighbor so that that 600
missing should be deeply deeply inflated
I hope
hurricane Michael yeah alright did you
hear there was a who was the
representative was a Jackie Spears or
somebody who actually had traveled to
Jonestown and got shot um and she was
talking about don't call it don't call
it drinking the kool-aid and she was
saying that people have it wrong about
Jonestown the Jonestown was a mass
killing far more than it was a mess
suicide I think she's right about that
well thank you all right let's start and
stop talking about disasters it's it's a
bumming me out a little bit have you
noticed that the news is slowed down it
might slow down and keep slowing down
between now and Christmas or maybe not
oh there were some news about kim
jeong-hoon
developing some kind of a new weapon but
we don't have details on that so you
should see anything that comes out of
North Korea right now should should be
seen in the context of negotiating weed
reform I don't know that that's in the
works it seems like we would have heard
about it by now right yeah I don't know
if weed reform is gonna happen I don't
know what's happening with Julian
Assange
that's all confusing to me so it looks
like all the Roger stone stuff is gonna
turn into a lot of nothing because Roger
stone turned over his emails and the
emails seem to indicate he didn't really
have any connections with WikiLeaks so
yet another giant story in the headlines
turns out to be nothing
Bitcoin prediction well some of you may
not know that I started getting jealous
of all the Victorian millionaires
because they were they were getting
filthy rich without doing anything and I
thought to myself I'm gonna stop
so I bought myself some Bitcoin BAM just
destroyed the whole market you're
welcome yeah I don't have enough to make
a difference but as soon as I bought it
that was the end of Bitcoin it went up a
little bit after that but now it's it's
it's underwater
so I alone have found a way to lose
money on Bitcoin but I'm sorry I had to
take the rest of you with me
his trumped not smart now he didn't he
never did anything with marijuana reform
well Jeff Sessions was probably the
problem here so getting rid of just that
Jeff Sessions has to be considered
partial credit because he may have
there's some reports and I don't know if
they're reliable or not they that Jeff
Sessions might have been one of the
problems to get this bipartisan prison
reform thing going so maybe that was a
step that had to happen and then maybe
something on a weed can happen but yeah
I saw a question there I'm not going to
answer today but if you ask me is it a
mistake for the president not to have
acted already on weed I would say yes so
you could add that to my list of things
I think are a mistake
so for the Trump administration I would
consider that a glaring mistake that the
that the feds have not acted on weed
because it's a it's a free pass or a
free punch or it's money on the table
that's it's found money there isn't any
way that could go wrong because all
you'd be doing is kicking it to the
states and he could kick it to this
nation with the warnings and say look
here's the news it's not all good but
it's up to you do you have the best news
do we you can I did warn you this
snapchat stock would go from 27 to
something less last I looked it was
around 7
that was actually Christina's prediction
how the feds did it do you think he
risks losing re-election if he goes
after weed issue the weed issue should
just help I don't see how it could
possibly be bad because it's so popular
the Acosta situation is kind of boring
oh yeah
you know the whole Acosta thing you're
thinking of that as a as a freedom of
speech or access issue it's really none
of those it's just it's just really good
theater it's good for the White House
it's good for CNN it's good for ratings
whatever what do you say to those people
who say Trump doesn't persuade them oh
good question what do I say to the
people who say Trump does not persuade
them and therefore he must not be
persuasive to which I say we no longer
live in the world in which you can
persuade the other side that's a really
big point we no longer live in a world
in which it's possible to persuade the
other side the most you can do is get as
close as you can to a hundred percent of
your team because if you can do that you
can be President but that's the only
thing you can do you can't get the other
votes
the Democrats will get you know almost
no Republican votes the Republicans will
get almost no Democratic votes the
variable of how persuasive you are not
even and it's just not even a variable
because people don't cross anymore it
has become such a team sport that that
people don't cross over for example yet
let's say your favorite team is the the
LA Lakers basketball teams
if you're watching the Lakers play and
they're not doing well do you ever just
start rooting for the other team never
right even if your team is losing even
if your team is stupid you might now
support them as much you might not watch
them as much you might not buy the hat
but what you don't do is turn on the TV
to root for the other side
you just don't change teams and because
politics has gone from something like
politics to something more like team
sport but you know politics has has
merged because of the when you include
the the theater elements that the
president brings to it and the theater
elements that Acosta brings to it and
the theater elements that a lot of the
the big celebrities would bring to it
what you have is a gigantic team sport
reality TV show right if you're watching
a reality TV show people don't change
sides they win or they lose but nobody
says I think I'll just you know it looks
like the Mets aren't doing well I'll
just go over that team for a while you
know just walk out of the dugout and say
hey guys I used to be in that dugout
over there I'm just gonna join your
dugout for a while I'll just play on
your team that doesn't happen because
it's a it's a sport it's a team you
don't change teams in the middle of the
game and so any thought that people
analogies are very good for explaining a
new concept how many damn times do I
have to say that I I don't know I might
lose my frickin mind if I have to
explain this one more time and allergies
are great great for explaining a new
concept as I just did the concept of the
the two teams all right they are
terrible for persuading if I try to use
an analogy to get you to change from one
team to another then I've done it wrong
if I use that analogy
to tell you that two teams exist I've
done it exactly right
I've explained a new concept or why is
it that that idea is so resistant the to
understanding it's a little to two
concepts not enough picture I think
maybe it needs a simplification because
that that little bit of complexity makes
it hard too hard to get across just a
little bit of complexity it's amazing
anyway so if you're gonna judge the
president's persuasion and persuasion
talents you would say how well has he
persuaded within his own team it's the
only measure that counts today in the
old days you could persuade a little bit
you could get some independence etc but
basically the people who voted for last
time for the most part the people who
vote for them next time you know give or
take some probably the only thing that's
gonna change is turnout you know almost
all of the energy for persuasion is
going to be on turnout for people who
had already made up their minds which
way they're gonna go anyway any advice
for dealing with family members won't
talk to you because you support Trump
yes tell them you do not support Trump
and then support him that's my advice
probably a lot of you have the same
problem if if your relatives are mad at
you for supporting Trump then just talk
about the parts you don't like and and
agree with them as hard as you can when
they say race relations are bad in this
country you should say man they really
are bad that President Trump should do
more to help race relations why because
it's true he could do more why do I
think that the president could do more
for race relations because he's the most
persuasive person on the planet and it
would not even be hard to persuade
better on that
like so of course he could what about
health care are you happy are you happy
with your health care if you're not
complain about it over the holidays with
your with your family and say yep
president Trump has not nailed it on
health care and health care really costs
a lot so if you do that you can pace
them yeah somebody's using the word in
the comments pace your relatives agree
with them as hard as you can on the
things where you do agree where there
are certainly elements that aren't
working as well as they could just a
great do not directly contradict their
belief so if you think for example that
the economy is doing well and they think
the economy is doing poorly do not say
you fool why are you so blind the
economy is clearly up when other people
think it's not instead you could agree
that the deficit is too high and you
don't like it right because if you agree
that the deficit is too high you're in a
much better position to get your
relative to agree that the unemployment
rate looks great and then if you can get
them to agree that the unemployment rate
that looks great you could say to
yourself you know immigration is really
not not really being done well the
Republicans aren't doing well Democrats
aren't very well it's just not doing
well the the government has failed us on
immigration but here's one thing we can
agree on wouldn't it be great to get the
people coming out of prison productively
employed before we bring in people to
take those jobs you know wouldn't that
be better because you you might be able
to sell that to your relatives because
that is the proposition and by the way I
don't I don't know if all of you quite
understand what a big deal this prison
reform thing is because if you look at
it and it's you know in isolation if you
look at it in isolation it's just a good
idea you know looks like good people do
a good job and let's give credit where
credit is due
taking Van Jones statement about Trump
yeah as so credit to the to the
Democrats for being on board credit to
Van Jones credit to the president this
was one thing that apparently every once
in a while something goes right and it
works the way it's supposed to so this
prison reform thing apparently is a good
idea but here's the thing it's really
not even about that imagine if you were
in Trump derangement hysteria let's say
you were suffering from TDs what is the
primary thing you think if you're
suffering from Trump of derangement
syndrome you think the president's a big
ol racist and he doesn't care about
black people wouldn't that be the
primary thing you think and then he
joins with the he joins with the
Democrats to strongly promote something
that is absolutely positively focused
focuses too strong a word but strongly
strongly in favor of black and Latino
population in this country it's very
directly money and of the pockets of
white people and into the pockets of
prisoners who unfortunately are skewed
toward the minority population now if
you're suffering from Trump derangement
syndrome and you see this guy who you
thought was a big old racist coming out
he's not just coming out in favor of
black people
he's coming out in favor of black people
who were too strongly punished by the by
that judicial system wrap your head
around that for a minute
if you had Trump derangement syndrome
and he just came out with something that
says the people coming across the border
I'm going to bring the military down
there to Peru to prevent to prevent
people from another country from taking
the jobs that we want
black and hispanic people even with
prison records to have it's just hard to
hold those thoughts in your head at the
same time you're saying well all the
evidence suggests that he's a giant
racist this is so counter is a
counterfactual it's it is impossible to
hold this in your head at the same time
you're holding in your head he's that
he's whistling to the racists can you
make any story in your head in any way
can you construe this story about prison
reform to make it sound like a racist
whistle it's so obviously the opposite
of that it's like it's like a secret dog
fu if there's such a thing as a secret
racist dog whistle shouldn't there be
whatever is the opposite of that this
prison reform thing is like a it's not
even secret it's like a an fu dog
whistle to racists because this thing
actually takes money out of the pockets
of the racists
you know indirectly because it's taxes
and puts it into the pockets of black
and Latino people getting out of prison
and everybody else right I don't even
know if there's the majority in prison
but they're they're over-represented in
the prison population so anyway you look
at this this is the opposite of a racist
dog whistle this is a racist F yu no
whistle needed he's saying it right to
their faces
in public with a smile on his face his
entire family is behind it the
administration's behind it and the same
week the same week that it gets rid of
Jeff Sessions what was the biggest knock
on Jeff Sessions he was a racist now I
don't think Jeff Sessions was racist
but that's the biggest complaint about
him right so the same week that he fires
the guy who had the biggest you know the
bad reputation as being a racist he gets
on board with prison reform and sends a
big ole fu to
the racist who are watching him how in
the world do you hold that in your head
if you had Trump derangement syndrome
you can't I'll get rid of racist
goodbye racist did you see your Costin
news is there news on Acosta I haven't
seen that yet I don't I don't read all
the all the news but or I don't read all
the comments but I can see a lot of them
all right so that's my point on prison
reform it's way bigger than prison
reform it is the biggest poke to TDS
that we've seen yet and it might be why
the you know I just read you all the
news right so what did you notice was
missing on CNN's coverage so here's your
question
if you have another screen open open up
CNN's top page and show me the article
about how President Trump is a racist
it's not there when was the last time
the CNN did not have a headline piece of
news about that president accused of
being a racist I don't even know if it
happens very often does it at least one
of the stories it seems like at least
one of the stories is always the
president's a racist it's totally off of
the page now it's about Muller and
what's he what's the President of
thinking and a little bit about Melania
and something about what stormy and
avenatti and right it's the dog that
didn't mark this prison reform thing
just wiped racism off the page because
it debunked everything they've been
saying for three years it just doesn't
fit if you were trying to figure out
which movie was the real one one movie
says he
being misinterpreted and he's not racist
the other one is a racist all the way
every single thing he does is racist
it's just one racist thing after another
which of those movies just got proved
out well in my movie prison reform
absolutely made sense as long as you
know that the law itself as long as the
legislation made sense doing it was
completely compatible with who I
imagined
president Trump is my impression of who
he is is completely compatible with his
actions half of the country has an
impression of the president that doesn't
make any frickin sense if he's also
behind prison reform it doesn't make any
sense that our whole movie just blew up
that's the story that's the biggest
story in the country and you know it's
the biggest story because there's
nowhere it's nowhere you've seen this
story nowhere it's the biggest story in
the country all right I don't have much
else to say today so I'm going to end on
that note positive note stay out of the
smoke if you're in California
and I'll talk to you later