all right we're gonna change topics
right now
I'm gonna raise my hands in the air
because later when I edit this I might I
might add it down to the first part with
the politics and just keep the second
part that's coming up in the second part
I told you I was going to cure some of
you of anxiety related problems some of
you may not believe that's true
some of you probably think it's probable
now all of you are going to have a
different experience and some will have
a profound experience some of you may
cry some of the you may scoff a lot of
you will just change the channel but let
me go through my let me go through the
presentation and you can leave whenever
whenever you feel you would like to I'll
give you this following warning I am
going to be rewiring the brains of the
people who stay I'm a trained hypnotist
most of you know that and what I'm going
to be talking about has some basis now
none of it is dangerous there's no
there's no risk of anything bad
happening to you I promise you that
likewise for those who have been
watching me for a while there are two
two things the hypnotists do they have
already been accomplished I wasn't
trying to do that we in this context but
it happened one of them is credibility
you have to have credibility in the
hypnotist your therapist your doctor it
helps I have credibility to many of you
because you've been watching me for a
long time and you wouldn't be watching
unless you thought I have some
credibility so the first part is
satisfied for most of you second part is
pacing this is what hypnotist do they
match you in some way until you feel
compatible with them and then whatever
message comes from the hypnotist feels
like it's something very comfortable and
familiar because you've already you've
already pasted them or matched them in
some way
now unintentionally wasn't what I was
trying to do
but those of you who have been doing the
simultaneous sip those who have been
watching me for a while have somewhat
accidentally paced me meaning that you
feel some comfort with me
that's requirement number two so the
first two requirements of hypnosis have
been satisfied I'm not going to put you
into a trance per se but I am going to
have you go through a guided
visualization which I think you will
find in some cases profound in other
cases you all feel I think so everybody
will have a different experience from
this all right let me give you some
background this is called the pre talk
in hypnosis this is also a part of the
technique so I'm going to make you feel
comfortable with what I'm going to do
next as part of the technique alright
here's some background I keep hearing
from people and maybe you saw yesterday
that that I had cured them of their
Trump derangement syndrome prior to the
election in 2016 or in some cases after
and so many people have told me that
independently they thought huh there
must be something through that so here
people had a specific kind of anxiety
fear that the world would be destroyed
by this orange monster and there's
something I did or some things I did
over time which caused people and and
they're telling me I'm not making this
up this is what they report to me lots
of people lots of them lost their
anxiety and felt comfortable with the
president after they listen to me so
that's one example of where I know based
on reports from lots of people that they
had a specific kind of anxiety that I
cured but I heard an even more
interesting example the other day and it
came from somebody who who reported
having a lifetime of anxiety crippling
mental problem anxiety the kind of
really ruins your life now anxiety
disorders take many forms you could be
afraid of and I may be using the the
language a little different
then maybe an expert in mental health
would so take it with take it as an
approximate so anxiety would describe
somebody at a phobia fear of the public
fear of danger fear of this might
describe somebody who had OCD OCD is
kind of anxiety because you feel if I
don't you know do this thing ten times
or whatever the number is some bad luck
will happen so sort of this general
anxiety fear many many of you probably
are experiencing anxiety in the last
several years that you had never felt
before and there's something about
modern life and about I don't know maybe
it's about the the news business that
gets people worked out maybe it's our
our technology but whatever it is
there's a gigantic whole ball of
different anxiety related problems that
people have so there's one individual
told me a few days ago that I had cured
a lifetime of anxiety problems and I
thought to myself I did what was it I
said and so I asked what was it I said
that cured a lifetime of anxiety
problems that all the medical
professionals couldn't make a dent in
and this person told me and I started to
connect it with other things I knew and
develop an idea of what causes it now
let me give you some more background and
I'll pull this all together
I've talked and of course you've seen it
in the news about how hallucinogens
specifically psilocybin that comes from
hallucinogenic mushrooms LSD and some
other hallucinogens are being used by
medical professionals to cure various
anxieties from PTSD to all kinds of
stuff and almost instantly in other
words one dose in some cases is curing
people of a lifetime of mental problems
and there's so much of that and there's
so many stories of it that it's
considered one of the most exciting
fields in mental
now if you read up or if you've had the
experience as I have of having any kind
of hallucinogenic experience I did
mushrooms in my 20s and I and I talked
about how it was one of the most my most
meaningful experiences and I read about
other people's experience and the most
common thing that people say is that
they describe it as ego death ego death
now if you've never experienced ego
death and you've never experienced any
kind of hallucinogenic experience at all
that doesn't mean anything to you
if I said hey ego death what does that
even mean
so everybody probably has sort of a
personal experience that they they tend
to describe that way it's exactly how I
described it before I've ever heard
anybody else use those terms it was
exactly the words I used it's ego death
now for our purposes I'm going to define
your ego as that part of you that makes
you feel special the thing that makes
you feel like you're special and
important that's your ego I'm giving you
a very friendly definition you know so
no no deep psychology here but the thing
that makes you really feel special is
your ego and let me tell you why this is
important by an analogy now analogies
have not good for persuading as I often
say but they're good for explaining a
new concept so here's the new concept
suppose I said to you I would like you
to take this potato just a regular
uncooked potato and could you walk it
half a mile that way and give it to
somebody now forget about why you know
why you need to deliver this potato
that's not important but if I say could
you take this potato and deliver it over
there and you've got the time and the
inclination to do that would that give
you any exact sighting probably not
because what's the worst that could
happen
you drop the potato well it's just the
potato you lose the potato it's just a
potato
you you get busy and you don't make it
with your potato what's the difference
it's just a potato that person can get a
new potato potato has no value now let's
say I said instead of a potato could you
take this priceless painting by Picasso
and just just walk it down the street to
my you know where it needs to go to the
museum could you do that for me
now let's imagine it's a world where
there's no crime so you're not worried
about crime you're only worried about
the safety of the painting and all
you're doing is just carrying it half a
mile that way I'm giving it to the
museum
how much anxiety would you have if you
were holding a priceless
irreplaceable painting and you're just
walking down the sidewalk with it you'd
be plenty for worried because of the
value of the painting you'd worry that a
bird would do something that there a
wind would come up and put some dirt on
it you'd worry that you'd trip you'd
worry that somebody come along you'd
worry that a car would splash water on
it it would be your fault you'd have to
pay for it you'd have all kinds of
things to worry about and it's only
because the painting is so valuable the
potato was not so what you need to learn
is to be the potato don't be the
painting be the potato now why is it
that a psychedelic experience would give
you Y go death and would turn you from
somebody who's trying to deliver a
priceless painting into somebody who
says no care in the world
it's just a potato and here's my
hypothesis the hypothesis is that when
you have the ego death you have nothing
to worry about because there's nothing
to protect and I think that the way that
you come about that is indirectly the
way that you get to that is by being in
the hallucinogenic experience you see
your environment completely differently
for the first time and yet and here's
the important part you understand it you
see your world as if it's brand-new but
you still understand it and by the way
other people
experience that explain it the same way
now once you've experienced that you
could have a completely different set of
subjective interpretations of your
environment what does that tell you
about your old view of the world
it was subjective it wasn't right more
importantly it wasn't important
the way you always saw the world before
that first time you saw it differently
was never real and it was never
important and if the way you see the
entire reality is unimportant and you
just feel that you're part of that
larger reality and that it is subjective
you suddenly start to feel that you are
not that important but here's the
important part you never lose you never
lose the sense that you need to you know
take care of your life and your health
and all that there's no danger you
simply take your unreasonable fear of
protecting yourself and it comes down to
a normal well I have to eat today gotta
sleep okay you know if I cross the road
still got to look both ways there's no
downside
you still would be fully protective of
yourself but you will just learn that
you're more like a potato then like the
priceless painting once you get that
feeling that your ego is not important
what would you ever be afraid of would
you be afraid of the future no there's
nothing to be afraid of because there's
nothing at risk but a potato so I'm
going to walk you through something a
set of thoughts that will reproduce what
is that what a what a hallucinogenic
trip would do so I'm going to give you
without the hallucinogens and therefore
without the risk of that any
hallucinogens might have there's a small
risk but you won't have any of that I'm
going to give it to you without that all
right and bear with me it's going to
take a little bit of setup and then and
then we're going to do it the first
thing you need
- no and this will be helpful is that
there are different filters in the world
and you have probably experienced them
for example did you know that in quantum
physics the a particle that exists on
the other part of the universe that has
never been seen and never been measured
in any way doesn't actually exist did
you know that this is actual scientific
truth matter the actual building blocks
of our reality we know don't actually
exist except as probability until a
human or a machine or an animal or
something that can see something and
detect something until something is seen
and detected it doesn't actually exist
now all the things in your room around
you exist in a sense because you're
looking at somebody is measured it
touched it looked at it but
scientifically we know and by the way
this is not any there's nothing
controversial this this would be
something every every scientist would
agree matter doesn't exist until its
witnessed by a machine or a person
what's that mean well it probably means
that there's some subjectivity to your
perceptions let me give you some other
examples religion how many people are
walking around they have different
religions if somebody is let's say a
Hindu and they believe that they have
reincarnated and are going to
reincarnate and they're standing in the
same room with somebody who's a Muslim
or a Christian are they experiencing the
same reality I would say no I would say
no if you believe that everything that's
happening to you is God's will that's
not really the same reality as a person
who thinks it's their own doing or the
person who thinks they're in the
simulation these are completely
different subjective realities you also
know because you've been following me
for a while
you know that
in politics we can look at the same set
of facts and see a different movie I
call it the two movies on one screen
you've seen in how a hundred times you
see it every time anybody looks at a
document I see this a crime I obviously
a crime I'm looking at the same document
so you can see in real time on the news
every single day that people who are
sincere and they're not lying in every
case there are Liars of the news but
they're not lying about their perception
they are looking at the same stuff you
are but they're seeing a different
reality normal completely common once
you understand that you can start to
release on your preferred version of the
world yeah you've seen it with the
optical illusions like Laurel and Yanni
that you could hear the Laurel or the
ami you've seen the ones where you can
think a different word and then the word
you're hearing starts to sound like that
word but then you can think of a
different word and the sound you're
hearing that's the same sound sounds
like the other word you get you see lots
of tests like that and again it's
showing you that you worry that your
impression of reality is subjective
now here's another framing that will
change your frame instead of seeing the
world as there's you and then there's
this reality that's sort of fixed and
you're just looking at it think of
yourself as almost like the person in
the robots hat think of your body as a
big old robot in this case it's a moist
robot or biological robot but imagine
yourself as a person in the control room
inside your head you're looking at your
eyes and you're controlling this big
robot that is your body just think about
that and then think about the fact that
there are different filters as I call
them on your perceptions and so
sometimes your big robot body is hungry
you know that you see the world
differently when you're hungry things
bother you that wouldn't bother you
you're angry about things you didn't
need to be angry about but you're not
really seeing those things
you're seeing it through a filter of
your own hunger and it makes you angry
sometimes likewise if you're tired
that's a different filter likewise if
you're an optimist you're seeing the
world through a different filter if you
believe you live in a simulation you're
seeing the world through a different
filter if you have a different religion
it's a different filter once you start
to understand that your filters are
interchangeable and it has nothing to do
with you whoever is you whatever is this
thing called you your preferences your
experiences your memories whatever it is
it can be all kinds of different things
in terms of how it sees the world but
you don't really change not that much
anyway what changes is your filter take
your filter down hey this president is a
big ol monster change the filter oh he's
just operates differently now now I see
it through a different filter this
mental exercise of being able to see the
world as a filter will D personalize
things and give you very close to your
escape route but we're going to take you
all the way there in a moment and it
goes like this
are you ready here's the here's the
payoff and next few moments some of you
not all of you because everybody's gonna
have their own experience some of you
are going to have a deep experience in
the next minute or two watch this all
right I want you to relax
I'm not going to hypnotize you but I'm
gonna take you through some guided
imagery you don't have to close your
eyes in fact keep them open keep your
eyes open take a deep breath loosen your
shoulders and now I want you to imagine
not as if it's true but just imagine
that everything you see in your
environment your room the device you're
looking at the table the objects the
whatever you were using to drink imagine
them as if they're a virtual reality
imagine that you're not in a real
reality but rather you're in a virtual
one now it's a special one because if
you touch something you can feel it but
imagine that's just an illusion and
imagine without touching anything you
just look around and you look at an
object pick an object in your room and
just look at it and imagine instead of
it being real then it's a perfectly
rendered a virtual reality simulation
now watch how that makes you feel just
feel yourself in the moment just looking
at your environment don't think of
anything else don't think of anything
outside of your direct immediate
experience look at them and imagine them
as a virtual reality construct and see
what happens
do you feel it yeah some of you are
already feeling it keep doing it stay in
the moment stay in the moment the future
doesn't matter just look at your objects
look around you and imagine that they're
not real they're subjective they're just
like a virtual reality now do that and
then repeat the first time you do it
some of you will have a profound
experience you see in the comments
somebody says goosebumps somebody else
no experience whatsoever for those of
you who have had a lifetime of anxiety
issues keep these thoughts in mind
because it's the setup as much as the
exercise think about life as filters
think about your ego as unimportant
worth protecting but it's not the be-all
end-all just see yourself in a simulated
subjective reality and know that you can
change the subjective reality if you
need to you have control you can see in
the comments somebody is crying some of
you not all of you some of you were just
released from a lifetime of pain a
lifetime of anxiety some of you just got
released some of you will be released
later you'll think about this and you
won't be able to get it out of your mind
and you'll repeat the exercise on your
own you'll look around wherever you are
you'll imagine it as a virtual reality
and it will give you the same sensation
that people have when they experience
ego death and it will free you and
that's all you need and I'll end it
right there and you have a great life