bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bump
bump bump bump bump bump hey everybody
gather around there is still room and
that's the great thing about this
simulation there's always room in the
simulation have you ever thought about
the possibility that I'm not real what
if this were all CGI how far are we from
having an all CGI periscope that you
can't tell the difference yeah probably
not that far away but while we're
thinking about that and while we're
waiting what's the best way to wait for
stuff like that with coffee while you're
listening to coffee with Scott Adams
it's the best thing ever
are you ready do you have your vessel
your copy your mug your glass your
beverage it's time for the simultaneous
up somebody said they forgot to animate
the hair yeah why am I only halfway done
here what kind of what kind of crap CGI
is this alright
now yesterday I saw on Twitter somebody
said to me well I guess the summer of
love is over and it was a response to
the story about I guess Fox Shannon
Breen had to move her her on location
newscast she was near the court and the
protesters were getting sort of
belligerent feeling the vibe was
belligerent not the actual actions but
she didn't feel safe so she brought it
indoors and somebody tweeted to me well
I guess the summer of love is over is it
is it
[Music]
let me reorient your filter for him
what are the biggest stories of the
summer well we've got North Korea and
South Korea falling in love again did
Kim jong-eun not literally hug
President Putin are they not trying to
give back the remains of soldiers oh
sure there's lots to do in terms of
denuclearization and negotiating and all
that but we went from let's kill each
other and a nuclear blaze to hey let's
hug it out we'll work out the details
but in the meantime let's hug it out
did our president or did he not make a
mixtape for Kim jong-un well mixtape
maybe going a little too far but
apparently he really does have a Deltan
John CD that he wants to give to his
buddy Kim Jong so that's one big
headline story looks like love to me
what's the other bit of headline we've
got I've got CNN up we've got 12 boys
and their soccer coach freed from the
cage what happened when the world saw
the plight of these children and one
adults the entire world focused on
saving them why love just love and they
succeeded what's the other story we've
got our children in cages and the bad
conditions conditions at the borders
especially for the folks seeking amnesty
why is it that people complained and the
president agreed he signs in order to do
what they could you can't do everything
instantly but doing what they could to
get those children and of the cages and
reunited why why are we doing that is it
because it's good for security it is not
are we reuniting the families because
it's a better way to maintain
border control it is not it's a worse
way to do it but it is a better way to
pursue love so love is driving the
politics at the border right now because
it's the Summer of Love and so reuniting
the families just went up a priority
what about what else do we have in the
news let's see I see a story on CNN's
homepage that Indians Indians of India
are gearing up for a possible you turn
on anti-lgbt laws in other words India
is moving toward love in this case love
of LGBT but love nonetheless it's all
love what else we have on the news will
say we've got the the putin summit what
is the biggest complaint that people
have about President Trump and Putin the
biggest complaint is it that we're gonna
go to war know is our biggest complaint
with Russia that were fighting over the
same geographic areas no the biggest
complaint is that maybe President Trump
loves Putin a little too much maybe
Putin loves Trump a little too much see
what else we have going on here well
we've got the Supreme Court the Supreme
Court the biggest issue
what is the biggest issue on the Supreme
Court abortion why are there people who
oppose abortion love
it's all about the love now do I agree
with their position I take the position
on abortion most of you already know
that whatever the majority of women
support on that law would be the most
credible law so I follow their lead I
don't have an independent opinion on
that but it is worth noting that the
only reason that we're having a big
conversation about the right to choose
or abortion depending on how you want to
call it the only reason we're having the
discussion is because of love love for
God love of souls love of spirits love
of the little baby and the beginning of
life do I believe that that's when life
begins doesn't matter I'm not talking
about me what I'm talking about is more
love somebody in the comments just noted
that Kanye is an example of kicking that
off do you remember when the Kanye's
stories happened you know time is sort
of compressed but the Kanye story where
he said he loved President Trump even
though he disagreed with him on some
policies presumably that was sort of the
beginning of the summer wasn't it it was
still spring technically but it was
kicking off the summer of love big story
[Music]
somebody says drives me crazy your
position on abortion
well credibility of that law is more
important than my opinion so I I subvert
my opinion for credibility of the system
what else we have
we've got looking at more stories well
there's some some tragic people died
tragically etc another big story is
Giuliani is Giuliani's advice to Trump
apparently is to
not have an interview with Muller's team
until muller can provide some evidence
that there's an actual crime that
they're even that they they have some
evidence of which seems to me exactly
the right position but it's also telling
us that all of the Russia collusion
obstruction of justice story went from
Wow hate hate hate there's something
terrible here - well maybe you should
have a conversation and then wrap it up
yeah so there are now two possibilities
for the biggest story of the past year
one is that the president has a
conversation and they wrap it up and
nothing happens or - the president
doesn't have a conversation and sooner
or later they wrap it up anyway with
apparently no particular charges for the
president what's my favorite news source
or sources somebody says my favorite
position is to immediately switch
between CNN and Fox News because they do
have the polar opposites they're they're
close enough to the middle of their side
but they're also still opposites that
you get a pretty good picture if you
look but both don't look at either one
look at both or else you're missing the
story MSNBC is just sort of you know
crazy so I don't I don't pay any
attention to them and then on the right
there you know plenty of other places
you could mention that would seem a
little crazier than Fox News and so I
just look at CNN and Fox News and that
gives you a real good sense of the left
of middle and right of middle and
they're one channel apart here that
actually makes a big difference because
I just is just that the channel down she
had a lot of them and I'd go between
alright so there are no big Wars brewing
I don't think because it doesn't look to
me like there
Rann is heading toward war and did you
notice that Israel I've talked about
this before has actually made several
offers to Iran to help with their
drought Netanyahu has done a couple of
videos in which he said look we got all
this desalinization technology we could
help you out of your drought just you
just have to ask but your regime is
getting in the way so did you think that
you would see Israel making unsolicited
offers to help Iran and saying great
things about the people of Iran and
hoping we could get together love is
breaking out even in the Middle East it
is now I'm not I don't want to sort of
de-emphasize the fact that there are
still bad things happening in the world
but if you were to say to me does this
look like a Summer of Love I would say
the evidence shows it's moving in that
direction and fairly aggressively to me
it doesn't even look close I'm seeing
love breaking out everywhere right and
I've told you before this sometimes you
know the good news is what happens
immediately after the darkest moment so
it feels like there's some kind of a
turning point here feels like things are
getting a little bit better alright I
think it's time to raise our mugs or
glasses or vessels of beverages somebody
said Don junior and Kim guilfoyle
kimberly guilfoyle are apparently a
couple and having a good time of it love
is in the air you're right
oh what did we hear about Justin Bieber
Justin Bieber engaged to a Baldwin love
is in the air you're ready to drink to
it
now when I say Summer of Love that
doesn't mean all problems are solved it
doesn't mean that we won't have more but
right now we're not seeing stories about
Isis doing horrible things I'm sure
they're doing horrible things but on a
smaller scale we're not seeing a big
terrorism problem in this country at the
moment it's been a while but at the
moment there are no huge natural
disasters that were that are fresh
we still have bad news and Puerto Rico
and you know the cleanups ongoing there
but we're in sort of a good moment when
we don't have a war our economy is doing
great
no major terrorist threats that look
imminent trade wars let's talk about
trade wars do you know why a trade war
isn't actually that dangerous do you
know why the trade wars are not actually
that dangerous I'll tell you why because
for the most part we're dealing with our
siblings we're dealing with the people
who have unconditional love for us you
know if we're dealing with Canada or you
know Europe or our you know our NATO
allies there there's too much of a base
of you know love cooperation and respect
history mutual you know mutual defence
and all that so we can have these little
squabbles about what's the exact fair
ratio of Trade etcetera China well we've
had you know less of a history of love
with China but what does President Trump
say consistently about President Xi I
love that guy or words to that effect
lots of respect and get along great
chemistry what is the most how would you
describe the relationship between at
least the leaders
of China in the United States great
really good summer of love quality I
would say and so of course even in your
family you might argue about money
because everybody argues about money but
that doesn't make you love your family
members less if you do it right if
you're not a you know if you're not a
bad person about it
[Music]
so and what's if you had to list our
biggest problems you might say something
like well sure Scott all of that looks
okay but what about our deficits we're
gonna spend ourselves into ruin well I
saw something that James Altucher said
the other day and you'd have to
fact-check beyond this but he's so much
smarter than the average person that I
tend to believe him when he says that
and what he says is that our national
debt yeah not our national debt I should
say what he says is that our national
debt is actually far smaller than it
used to be and we could handle it we
were able to handle it just fine before
when I say smaller than it used to be I
mean as a percentage of the GDP so we
might actually have low debt now it's
heading in the direction of higher but
when you can handle debts that well what
should you do what should you do as a
country when you when you're in a really
good situation to handle debt and you've
got people who need things you've got
people who need health care you've got
people who need basic services well you
raise your debt which allows you to pay
for some of those things so even the
debt is probably more good news than bad
because we're using that money to to
create services you may have seen some
stories about a major breakthrough in
cancer treatment
don't know how real that is yet those
stories can be overblown in their early
stages but it's very positive we've seen
I think three three I think major
stories about technologies at three
different technologies for cleaning the
co2 end of the air and they all seem
scalable they all seem scalable now some
people always jump in and say you're
gonna ruin all the plants by taking all
the co2 out of the air well I don't
think that's a risk because the whole
point is that we're watching it
carefully and we would know when we've
taken too much out of there you would
know I guess the plants would start to
suffer so it seems to me that the
attention we used to give to climate
change has really subsided has it
because it just doesn't feel like it's
as big of a problem as it used to be
because of technology why was I always
confident we would get to this place
because of the atom's law of slow-moving
disasters I talk about this quite often
when society when humanity let's say can
see a big problem coming but they've got
lots of time to prepare
whether that problem is overpopulation
or running out of fuel or you know or
the year 2000 problem or we'll run out
of food you know or we'll have a nuclear
war or all of those big problems that
you can see coming we're really good at
avoiding them in the long run really
good at it
employment at a at a great level our
employment rates are terrific and that's
good news for everybody let me let me
test something else out on here you know
most of us if you're on this pair
scope you've been you know immersed in
politics and all things Trump related
for a couple years now probably most of
you and you know in theory the people on
the right the Conservatives etc should
be somewhat anti-gay right isn't that
the you know the the accusation I can't
remember anybody saying anything
anti-gay or for two years it just isn't
even an issue have you seen a lot of
that I'm not seeing any bad feelings
from the right about anything gay there
are certainly people on the right who
don't want to personally be gay but that
would be true of everybody people
personally prefer whatever they are but
it doesn't seem like it's a thing
anymore that's good yeah there might be
some people who in their private
thoughts think oh you know this marriage
thing I wanted to save that for my
personal religious you know preferences
but I would see anybody complaining
about it you know you know what you
don't see do you see like conservatives
surrounding a house of you know a gay
couple who got married and you know do
you see them with their signs hey you
shouldn't be married
nope and one of the reasons you don't
see that is that the is that the Supreme
Court ruled and their and based on the
constitution of equal everything the
judges decided that gay marriage was
fine and and that the sand that the the
Constitution supports it the thing that
the the left doesn't understand about
conservatives one of the biggest things
they don't understand is that
conservatives are about following the
rules the rules in the Constitution the
rules of law and the rules of the Bible
knowing that sometimes there's some
interpretation going on there but
they're very
rule-based so and why this matters is
that when you look at say the rule the
Supreme Court rulings of our Roe versus
Wade that was based on this concept of
privacy now again without giving you my
opinion on the topic of abortion because
I don't do that I'm going to say that
looking at the Constitution and finding
a right for abortion in the privacy part
was a bit of a stretch no matter what
you think about abortion whether it
should or should not be illegal that's a
separate question but just whether it's
justified in the Constitution was kind
of a stretch to get to this you know
privacy explanation but when you look at
gay marriage the Constitution says
everybody has to have the same rights
that's an easy sell so if you're telling
me that the smartest people in the world
the Supreme Court would smartest people
you know a in theory a bunch of smart
people not in the world but you know the
very smart group of people looked at the
Constitution and said oh yeah this is
fine you know gay marriage Constitution
says that's fine well that's a lot
easier for conservatives to go with
because the process was followed the
rule comes directly from the main
document that they they respect it's
been interpreted to be consistent with
that document the argument makes sense I
don't think you'll ever see a major push
you might see some minor push but I
don't think you'll obviously a major
push from conservatives against gay
marriage because the process worked it's
you know you know equal rights as equal
rights you know the Constitution gives
it gives you that but the right of
privacy is a harder argument to make and
maybe the federal government isn't
necessarily the ones who should be
making this sort of rule so you can see
why abortion rights are still on the
table and it's exactly because the
argument that it's in this document was
a
tortured
[Music]
I say major and major almost the same
yeah I do yeah I don't want to talk
about the abortion question per se on
this periscope the reason for the Kel
California fires because it's summer now
is it my imagination or did we have a
whole summer of kids and cages it's like
the kids at the border in cages you had
the kids trapped in the in the caves
you've got the fetuses in their mothers
wombs it's all about children trapped
somewhere and yeah some of the trap
child and then on top of that you've got
there the real problem with we've got
the real problem with sorry I was
distracted by that question yeah what's
going now okay I got too distracted by
your question by the way if you think
it's easy to talk coherently while
reading questions at the same time that
are on an entirely different topic it's
not easy so I hope you agreed be on a
curve when you see that yeah I was going
to talk about the Democrats trapped in
mental boxes and I've said before and I
mean this not in a mean way I mean this
in a in a descriptive way so let's take
the the personal insult out of it I mean
it in a descriptive way the Democrats
have taken the child view
of a number of things the children's
view is the short-term
I need my candy now the adult view is
now if you eat candy now you won't be
able to eat your meal you won't be
healthy you won't have a good life
because you're not healthy so the adult
view is what's the long-term implication
the child view is well I want this now
that I want this so when you saw it in
the the children and cages both sides
wanted no children in cages the
Democrats thought they needed it
immediately without without attention to
what that might cause or any bigger
problems or how long it takes to do
something like that the Republicans said
yeah we we don't like this either but
you know there are some real-world
reasons that things are happening let us
try to get to this place where we're not
doing it but we're gonna have to do a
lot of things to make that happen kind
of an adult view even if you disagree
with it and that and it's important for
me to say I'm not saying that the one is
right and the other was wrong I'm just
saying that the short-term versus the
long-term are or what we're seeing
please interview hotep Jesus maybe I
will someday wrong the Republican view
is short-term profits do you think the
Republican view is short-term profits
now there's there's certainly a question
about whether business in general is is
designed in a way that encourages all
business owners of any type to think
about the short term because that's when
that's when they get there yeah their
bonuses are based on the short term
usually I don't know I'm not seeing that
I'm seeing conservatives thinking about
the long term because everything from
lowering taxes to lowering regulations
those are all or even the tariff fight
you know the trade trade war stuff
that's all about the long term isn't it
isn't that a hundred percent about the
long term because those things don't
really have this month impact except you
have the stock market and that just
locks weights all right
dolphins are patrolling North Carolina
coast against sharks are they trained
dolphins or are they just doing it
because they do that
China is taking the long term compared
to us on tariffs China does take the
long term I'll tell you that's one of
China's greatest strengths you know I
was talking about the difference between
you know Democrats and Republicans seems
to be the short term versus the long
term view of things but China is the is
the ultimate adult you know it's like
whatever is higher than an adult yeah
there it's like a grandfather
grandmother type of view of the world
that it's the super long term is what
matters so there's a reason that they're
around and doing well musk sent his sub
over and left it for future rescues yeah
you know you have to give Elon Musk his
full due of credit for that it was you
have to know that behind the scenes
there was a tremendous amount of
probably both expense and brainpower and
effort and suffering that went into
building that little personal sub so
quickly
it's just that bravery and good old
human know how God had done faster
because they had to you know they they
sort of had to beat the the rain and by
the way this this rescue of the Thai
children maybe maybe a bigger story than
just the people involved this is one of
those things that focuses your
priorities I think it has that the Thai
children thing has the the unintended
result of just making us better people
don't you think that story the story of
the Thai children had everything in it
as as a story about you know the perfect
human situation including the Thai diver
who died you know tragically he died but
he died in the service of trying to save
the
people so he died a hero the people who
got in trouble were children there was
one adult there but I don't think
anybody thinks they should have known
this was a risk necessarily so you had
you have that a cave full of innocence
you know children are the ultimate
innocence right they're innocent
and they're in this cave and you saw the
entire world stop fighting with each
other for a minute and say all right
stop everything how do you get these
kids out of this cave I would venture
that almost everybody who heard that
story did a little bit of thinking about
how they would go about it it's like
okay if you know could I help then
probably probably a billion people said
I wonder if I could help
do they need money do they need an idea
you know maybe maybe I can help
so it was probably in terms of the the
public mood you know that the way we
think of ourselves as human beings the
way we interact with each other the the
things we get mad about each other over
that you know probably aren't as big as
they should be all of that got
compressed and focused into this one
story about everybody being on the same
side to save the innocence to save the
children and we you saw the very best of
human ingenuity I mean the ingenuity was
just off the chart and I'm not just
talking about Elon Musk the number of
ingenious ideas you know right down to
the what did the divers actually do and
how did they get through the cave was I
was standing so you saw you saw love
good intentions you saw her heroism like
you've never even heard of before I mean
this was consistent people were lining
up you know correct me if I'm wrong but
by the time of the actual rescue they
had more divers volunteering just think
about this there were more
Ivor's volunteering to go where that
diver had just died doing the same job
just died and people and people were
lined up to do it that's the world
you're living in right now it's not all
bad news hmm do I think a Bitcoin ETF
will be approved well that's about the
most different topic that I can think of
right now and the answer is I don't know
that's probably just a technical
question about you know financial
legalities not my category yeah think
about right now what's the biggest
problem in the world right think about
it
it's a Summer of Love what are our big
problems right now the health care is
too expensive
yeah but everyone can get health care
it's just not efficient or good or as
good but everybody can get it compare
that to 50 years ago when people just
couldn't get it
emasculation of the West we don't talk
to each other our smartphones
yeah maybe our smartphones are the
biggest problem we have right now
pension debt maybe we'll see
[Music]
I'm just looking at your comments
alright so here's my point yes TDS might
be the biggest problem we have so if
your biggest problems are things like
people using their smartphone too much
people are protesting because the
weather is really good and they didn't
get exactly what they wanted loneliness
that is a big problem actually although
the internet does a does a lot to help
that but let me ask you a question is
there anyone out there who feels less
lonely during these periscopes now I
would not assume that all of you are
feel lonely you know just in general but
how many of you feel less lonely when
I'm on periscope talking to you directly
I'm just looking at your comments yeah
look at all the yeses so we do have a
society which is starved for human
connection wow that's more than I
thought if you're watching these
comments it's a non-stop string of yeses
people saying that they do feel less
lonely when they're talking to being on
periscope and well that's one of the
magic things about this this particular
technology is that it's interactive you
see me reading your comments if you see
me reacting to them so it feels a little
bit more like a conversation even if I
don't answer your exact comment yeah I
have to tell you that soon after I I
left my marriage I would turn on
periscope other people's periscopes and
just to leave it on so that there was a
human human talking sometimes because my
work is the type that I have to do alone
and sometimes I just needed a human
voice so one of the reasons that I I
like watching the news is because
they're human beings
and it's real-time and they're sort of
talking to me and I know they're not
recorded I'm I'm a little less less
lonely if somebody is talking in
real-time even if they're not talking
directly to me
somebody said is there a Scott Adams
stuff to animal you can buy that would
be the ugliest stuffed animal yeah where
that would sell exactly one apparently
all right how about more unified
positive framing well I tried to do that
today I hope it worked okay how many of
you feel that I've made my case that the
summer of love is here so switch the
question that's my question have I made
my case that in a relative sense not
everything is going perfectly
it never does but in a relative sense
have we reached a point where if if you
don't count the fact that people are
marching in the streets for just about
nothing
that pretty much the world is in a good
place right now in a really good place I
would say the best place that's ever
been yes summer of love is here
right on time right in the middle of the
summer and right when you wanted it and
right when you needed it the most
now that's not to say things won't turn
ugly before the midterms you know life
is not a straight line somebody says
what's next
after the summer of love
what is next do you need a next you know
I heard a fascinating thing from who was
I just listening to oh I was uh Jordan
Peterson who is saying that the Army has
done lots of studies of IQ and you know
who can do what and they discovered that
people with IQ below 85 can't be in the
military because there's literally
nothing they can do right so below is
certain IQ you there's just sort of no
job you can do because the world is
complicated now it's not just you know
dig a hole or you know be in the
military and you know run as somebody
with a sword until they stab you we
would live in a complicated world and
something like 10% of the population
actually can't do anything they they
will never be able to do anything in a
complicated world so much must be done
to refactor the way we live so that as
as that 10% of people grows and it might
it could be the society keeps getting
more complicated I like to use the
example of taking a flight on an
airplane probably almost everybody on
this periscope has taken a flight on an
airplane it's kind of a complicated
thing to do because even even just
checking in at the airport has what five
different ways you do it depending on
whether you did it online whether you
want to tip and do it on the curb and
you know you know whether you've checked
your bags already whether you want to
upgrade your seats you know they're
probably five different ways just to
check in and there are all these
different airlines with different deals
and what seat do you get and is it a
return flight and if you think about it
my guess is that right now 20% more than
the 10% who can't do anything 20% of the
population
isn't smart enough to take a flight now
that also assumes they don't have
somebody with them like a spouse or a
family member who can walk them through
it but I'll bet 20% of the public of the
United States if you handed them a check
and said here's all the money I'm gonna
solve the money part for you take a
flight figure it out
I believe 20% of the United States even
if they had the money and it was only
you know gonna be used for just that
purpose to take the flight I don't
believe they could figure it out
I don't believe they could get
themselves to the airport and on a
flight and at their destination 80%
could but I think 20% would not be
capable of doing that and it might be
the things are just gonna keep getting
harder until 30 percent 50 percent can't
really do anything
because the robots will start eating
away and all the and all the easy stuff
so we have to reconfigure society so
somebody said what comes after the
Summer of Love I would say maybe not
immediately but certainly after we have
to figure out how to rebuild our cities
rebuild our lives rebuild everything
from healthcare to how to make out of
people make money we have to reconfigure
this stuff so that everybody has at
least a chance of a meaningful existence
and we're not close to having that salt
yes and somehow we have to figure out
how to live socially again so technology
has allowed us the option of being alone
and we take it because it's easier to be
alone people are annoying right even if
you're even if you're not an introvert
and I'm a bit of an introvert people are
kind of annoying
so if you have an option of being alone
it's just easier to take it if you're an
introvert and a lot of the population is
so a lot of people have chosen to take
themselves out of the social mix just
because it's easy to do it now and I
think that probably is very bad for our
mental health but I believe based on the
Adam's law of slow moving disasters that
we will figure out how to live with all
types of IQs and all types of
capabilities must learn to care for
others have kids I'm not sure having
kids is for everybody you know I get
that we're probably all most of us you
know maybe 85% of us were born with some
kind of an instinct to have kids I have
the instinct but it never never really
was an option I got I was serious about
childcare combined with elder care
combined with Gardens I would throw in
pet care I think we could by the way I
don't know if I've ever talked about
this but I have this long-range vision
of elder care places where we're imagine
the building is sort of a u-shaped and
there's a big grass soccer field in the
middle and then so the building is for
the elderly and they all have a porch or
a balcony where they can wheel out their
little wheelchairs and they can watch
children who would sort of reserve the
field and adult it would all be kids so
you can hear the life and the children
but you don't have to be the ones taking
care of them so if you're elderly you
just like to be around it and so you'd
be close to children and then I imagine
that it would be a a dog park right next
to adjacent to the elder care facility
so that the elderly can just be wheeled
out into the dog park and just sit in
the middle and then people will bring
their dogs and the dogs
and right in the middle is just a little
shaded area where the people in their
wheelchairs can just hang out and
surrounded by dogs that are having a
good time and people who brought their
dogs and and they feel the life and the
connection they've got something to talk
about the dogs at least come up and
touch them because if you're old nobody
touches you so you know you want at
least the dogs to come up so I think
there are ways to reconfigure society
that everybody is getting some kind of a
social touch at a relatively low cost
all right no cats somebody says yeah I
think the cat pet areia what I call it
that that's my own name a cat pen area
is a place that has a whole bunch of
cats they're just playing and they're
happy and they're climbing on stuff and
humans who are not allergic to cats can
pay or go there for free and you just go
in an environment where there's just a
lot of cats because people I cats not
everybody
yeah not to pedo pet pet pet areia all
right I think we've said enough for now
that's all the optimism I have enjoy the
rest of your summer of love and until I
talk to you again have a great day