hey everybody come on in it's good to
see you I'm so glad you could make it
this morning today is going to be one of
the best coffees with Scott Adams since
I don't know since yesterday it's been a
long time but this one will be off the
hook
coming in hot we're gonna have some fun
today now for those of you who are new
to this let me give you a little a
little expected you know a little
preview we're going to talk about a fun
stuff first and then toward the end I'm
gonna give you what are the deepest
criticisms of this presidents persuasion
skills you've ever seen for me so you're
gonna see the the biggest criticism I
think probably the biggest criticism
I've ever made of president Trump's
persuasion skills specifically all right
but before we get to that and before we
get to all the fun stuff first I know
why you're here that's probably for the
simultaneous sip and you don't need much
all you need is a copper of Margaret
glass a tanker chalice or Stein in the
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like my coffee and join me down for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous imp go mmm
yeah you know and all this talk about
impeachment I think we tend to look at
the negative too much let us just take a
moment to look at the positive side of
the impeachment process that we've just
been watching and continue to watch
here's the positive side if you didn't
have this impeachment the only time you
could enjoy Trump winning is on election
days so he actually Trump actually found
a way to win in between elections
now bad after he wins this next election
and maybe even before that I think
you'll have a few more opportunities to
win impeachments the all the smart
people are saying that they're just
going to keep on going because they
don't know what else to do they're sort
of running out of attacks wouldn't you
say and let's give me here's an update
on one of the prediction filters I often
talk about I told you to watch the
impeachment process play out and one of
the filters for prediction is that
politics will go in the direction that
would make the best movie script in
other words the thing that's most
mystery and twists and turns and
intrigue and interest now that would
have been probably calling witnesses but
it's also entirely possible that the
witnesses would have had absolutely
nothing to add to the process which
would have been a boring movie but still
I thought that the the movie filter
predicted that we would get witnesses
and we did not so if you're keeping
score and this is a good thing to do if
you have a filter or predicting method
it's kind of useless now I'll go further
it is useless unless you also track how
well it does historically because if you
don't track it you're going to forget
when it doesn't work and you're going to
think it works more than it does so the
movie filter did not predict the next
step in the impeachment so just keep
that in mind when you're keeping score
now remember I told you that there was a
there was going to be this weird thing
happening where the Democrats would
simply misinterpret what's happening and
then complain about the
misinterpretation and that that's that
would be all we'd be watching is them
miss reading what somebody said miss
quoting somebody putting words in
somebody else's mouth and then
criticizing the thing that they just
literally hallucinate it here's one of
the best examples you aren't going to
say now sometimes you think to yourself
well that's sort of a subjective things
isn't it no no it's not a subjective
thing I'm gonna give you an example from
today it's a fresh off the press you
tell me if I'm being subjective okay
you've never never going to see a better
example this so this is Chris ELISA who
writes for appears on CNN and he wrote
in an opinion piece today and it was
about Marco Rubio and he was talking
about Marco Rubio's why he would call
what crystals would call sort of a
twisted and knots explanation of why he
voted the way he did to not have
witnesses and so this is what Chris liz'
says just picking out the part where he
is mocking Rubio and SaLuSa says and
more broadly how can anyone read much
less right all right so so crystal is a
saying how can anybody else read this
differently that I'm going to explain it
I think you might but you say you say
how could you how could anybody read or
much less write this sentence and think
that it all makes sense
all right so Rubio said and I quote just
because actions and being a standard in
impeachment does not mean it is in the
best interest of the country to remove a
president so Rubio saying that there
could be a situation where something
technically meets the standard of
impeachment but it's just not really
good for the country that's a pretty
simple concept right now you can
certainly say you should never do that
that would be a reasonable thing to say
you should say I can't think of any
examples where that would be true that
would be a reasonable thing to say you
could say maybe you know maybe we should
rethink that there are a lot of things
you could say about that but here's what
crystal is a-- says about it all right
and you have to see siliceous
misstatement of it really close to the
original to see who see what he's doing
so I have to read the original again so
you see it in in close proximity so what
Marco Rubio did say was this just
because the actions meet a standard of
impeachment does not mean it is in the
interests of the country to remove a
president for office solicit comments
this is huh
question mark so truck remember what I
told you about the words sell the word
so in this context almost always very
close to a hundred percent of the time
signals that what follows the word South
is a complete misstatement of what
somebody else said so let's see if this
is a complete misstatement following the
word so so Trump has done things that
meet the standard of impeachment no no
that was an in Rubio statement Rubio
said that it was a hypothetical just
because this happens doesn't mean you
have to do this but I do think that was
a reasonable inference inference so so
far I would say SaLuSa is making an
inference that isn't in the sentence but
it's not unreasonable that's pretty
reasonable so so far okay all right good
inference but and this is what Melissa
is putting into Rubio's mouth but
impeaching him for committing and pgo
blacks would be a bad for our partisan
divide am I reading that right no Chris
you're not reading that right there's
nothing in Rubio statement that said
anything about healing our partisan
divide it's not there it's absolutely
hallucinating
let me read Rubio sentence again and
then yeah this is amazing if anybody
could do this in public and not be aware
of what they're doing so Rubio did say
just because actions meet a standard for
impeachment does not mean it is in the
best interest of the country to remove a
president solicitor interprets that as
are you saying removing in for a
teachable acts would would would be bad
for our partisan divide whereas partisan
divided that sentence this is crazy
stuff anyway so so look for how often
you see a Miss statement after the words
so you'll be amazed I wrote about that
in my book behind me the so tell where
is it this one when Bigley all right now
of course we're waiting till Wednesday
for the actual vote that everybody knows
what the vote is going to be so you say
to yourself why are we waiting till
Wednesday now the explanation given is
that it gives time for all the Senators
to make a statement
is that why ken senators not make
statements after votes what what's the
reasoning that says the Senators have to
make the statement before the vote they
can't make a statement after a vote
because nobody would pay attention is
that sort of sketchy isn't it
who exactly is explaining to the public
why we're waiting for something what do
we know what's going to happen there's
no mystery everybody was already there
why don't you just get it done here's a
rule that I'm gonna I'm gonna reinforce
as often as I need to when your
government does something that you don't
understand on its surface and they know
you don't understand it on its surface
because it's something you can't really
understand and they don't explain it to
you in a way that makes any sense at all
or at least is good for the country it's
something corrupt is happening
all right so something corrupt is
happening so I've seen in the comments
that somebody was saying it's to get it
on the record yeah I suppose I suppose
that would get the speeches on the
record that's pretty useful right
because when I go back and read the rep
oh that's right I'm never going to read
the record who reads the record why does
it matter if if a senator said something
on the record or if they tweeted about
it which is sort of on the record right
and no you can make an argument for why
they have to wait till Wednesday or why
they should or could or want to but it
doesn't pass the sniff test does it let
me ask you this
what's the argument that it's good for
you if your argument is well it's good
for the senators because then the
senators get to go on the record and
they'll get more attention if they do it
before the vote okay I get that but how
is that good for you in in this case I'm
saying you a citizen of the United
States I know many of you are coming in
from other countries but if your
government right in front of you is
doing something that can only be good
for them wait a minute wait a minute are
they are the Democrats delaying this
vote because it's only good for them
politically and it's not good for the
interest of the country what is it that
we do in those cases when it's obvious
that something is done for political
reasons that is bad for the country
because it's delaying you know our
ability to get something done good for
the politicians reelection but it's bad
for the country what do we call that is
there a name for that oh yeah that's
right right impeachable offense that's
right it's an impeachable offense I'd
like to see witnesses I think we should
call some witnesses to find out why the
Democrats are insisting to delay this
vote and damage the country by being
more inefficient and diverting this from
real real important stuff feels
impeachable to me unless I missed the
entire point of the scheie impeachment
if that's how it works right when you do
something that's only good for politics
and it's bad for the country it's
obvious I mean it's obvious right
give me one argument why waiting till
Wednesday is good for the country go
none there are only arguments why it's
good for the politicians that is
impeachable according to what we've
learned all right I don't mean that
literally but you know what I mean
so remember if abuse of power is a
standard for a beach meant what in the
world did we just watch did we now watch
a massive exercise of the house
totally abusing its power I mean this is
what we just watched let me see if
anything I say about this the strike she
was not true there was a she am
impeachment for purely political reasons
we know that because they they
explicitly started planning as soon as
the president was elected or sworn in I
guess and and they didn't care what the
reason was and I think that's you know
Molly Hemingway reported that she
actually overheard mendler talking about
impeachment before they had even
considered reasons right so I think it's
fair to say since then those facts are
not in dispute I think it's fair to say
it so it was a sham impeachment
so they do a sham and peach meant but
beyond that they do it in competently
according to their own standards so the
house wanted witnesses but did not go
through the proper process to get them
by their own description I don't know
how you could call that anything but
incompetent so it was a sham impeachment
which they managed in confidently and
then in order to fix their own
incompetence of their sham they decided
that the best way to approach that would
be to ask the wrong part of the
government to fix their sham hoax
incompetence that actually happened
right in front of us it's funnier when
you say it altogether they incompetently
managed a sham impeachment but they
thought they could fix it by asking the
wrong part of the government to fix it
and surprise surprise it didn't work out
for him so if that's not abuse of power
I don't know what is so it looks like
the of the day because every
day the media and the
that's collude they collude I say on
messaging and the messaging that they're
colluding on seems pretty pretty obvious
today they're going to be saying that
that because impeachment did not succeed
or is about to fail on Wednesday they're
about to say that Trump has expanded the
power of the executive branch getting
closer and closer to being a dictator ah
he is becoming a dictator
why does Trump becoming a dictator let
me explain it again because there was a
sham
impeachment there was done and
competently and then they asked the
wrong part of the government to fix it
therefore logically president Trump is a
dictator you followed the logic right
that all makes sense to you couldn't
connect the dots if that didn't make
sense to you talk to a Democrat because
apparently that makes sense to them so
here's what I say about that can you
imagine that if the the media the
messengers in the media if they had not
packaged this idea that the outcome of
this failed sham incompetent impeachment
was that the president would become more
like a dictator would any of would
anyone have thought of that on their own
in other words is there anybody sitting
down in America watching this on TV and
before the pundits tell them that the
the natural outcome of all this is that
Trump becomes more like a dictator can
you imagine you see you know guy he's in
the middle of the country sipping a beer
watching the news and he's thinking to
himself hey I think the incompetent
failed shyam impeachment that they tried
to fix by asking the wrong part of the
government I think is going to make
Trump look more of a more of a dictator
there are how many hundreds of millions
of people in the United States the
number of them who
would have come up with that
interpretation on their own without
being prompted by the media messengers
and brainwashers I think is zero zero do
you think even one person would have
thought of that on their own
I mean it's batshit crazy yeah so the
three hundred and sixty or eighty
million or whatever how many people
there are the United States you know men
women children and old people do you
think there was even one person in the
whole country who would have come up
with that on their own and yet that is
the primary message of the day they've
all they've all decided that the
messages Trump he's taken it to a new
level of dictatorship all right so
pretty on pretty funny so Trump tweeted
an article by Olivia nosey newsy so
she's sort of an anti-trump ER but she
wrote this article that I thought was
was weirdly balanced until it wasn't and
she talked about how the Trump rallies
at least in her subjective opinion I
haven't been to a rally so I can't I
can't verify that this is true or false
but it was interesting that an anti
Trump er would say that the Trump
rallies are like a celebration
everybody's happy and dancing and and
her interpretation was that in the
beginning when Trump was running for
president
it seemed that they were angry so Trump
supporters according to her have changed
from this angry mob who wanted to I
don't know get revenge changed the
country break the government whatever it
is they wanted now they've now they're
getting what they want they have a
president Trump the country is running
well in their opinion and so they're
celebrating this is a pretty big deal
because I was talking to somebody smart
the other day who was saying that there
could be a problem with motivation that
Trump voters might not be motivated
because they sort of got what they
wanted so it doesn't make you get off
the couch unless you want to change
something you know it's easier to
up and go to the polls and get excited
and everything if something is
intolerable and you just got to go
change it now I hear that argument
that's that's not historically that I
would say that has some validity but
here's what's different
everything about Trump yeah let me just
summarize here's what's different about
Trump everything everything just
everything so every rule that used to
work doesn't exactly automatically work
with Trump here's what's different Trump
supporters have turned the whole Trump
phenomenon into a walking party they
they enjoy it for literally the
entertainment of it and I don't know if
we can quite yet measure what impact
being entertained has on people's
motivation to actually get off the couch
and go vote I think especially since the
experience of 2016 where the people who
voted for Trump had this amazing
endorphin dopamine hit when he won the
election so imagine this feeling you are
a trump supporter in early 2016 and
before maybe you'd been beat up you've
been called a racist you've been told
you're not going to win you know you're
supporting a crazy man a dictator
there's no way it's gonna be Hillary
you're all gonna pay I mean really some
dark literally dark thoughts about you
and your candidate and then against all
odds on election night you turn on the
TV and the unbelievable happens the
thing that you wanted to happen
some of you expected it a lot of you
didn't and suddenly BAM something
happened
president Trump won Florida you won the
election BAM how did that feel think
about it that felt so good for the
people who wanted him to win people who
voted for him that felt so good that I
can say that in my lifetime
you know if you don't count like you
know intimate physical relationships and
you know maybe falling in love or
something but outside of those things I
don't know if I've ever felt a better
feeling and really now I was pretty
deeply invested so I had more to win
more to lose you know I was definitely
out there because I was so public about
my prediction that he would win but I've
never felt anything that good outside of
close personal relationships and I'd
like to feel it again I have to think
that the people who voted for him and
got that you know the dopamine hit what
that again
I don't know that regular voters who
vote for regular candidates and when
they feel happy I mean I think people
who voted for Obama were happy don't you
think I think the that the Trump voters
got a dopamine hit that was probably
unprecedented because it was more
unexpected and I think that that's gonna
drive a lot of people who the polls are
gonna be one of their wonted they'll
want to feel how good it feels again and
some people didn't feel it the first
time and want to feel it so I think
they're gonna want to go feel that
feeling so I'm not worried about
enthusiasm from Republicans and by the
way if we're gonna make some gross
generalizations let me make a gross
generalization all right this doesn't
apply to every person Yeah right there
there are no gross generalizations that
apply to each individual but as I as a
let's say a gross generalization I think
it's true that why you could say about a
conservative voter versus a liberal
voter is that the conservative will do
what feels right even if it's hard
let's see where I'm going to this the
conservative voter is still going to
vote even if it's hard if their schedule
doesn't work the car broke down because
voting is important so I'm not sure that
motivation means exactly the same thing
to conservative voters IRS's liberal
loader I think a little bit liberal
voter needs more
maybe an emotional reason I think a
conservative voter is just gonna vote
anyway because why it's who they are
it's part of their identity there are
people who support the Constitution they
vote so I don't think anybody's going to
stay home was a conservative I don't see
that happening let's talk about Bernie
so all the chatter by the political
Talking Heads they're saying that Bernie
is surging in the polls he's depending
on what poll you look at he's winning
everywhere or he's at least tie with
Biden but the but all the talk is about
Bernie Bernie Bernie and so I thought I
would run you through a little bit of
Bernie strategy in other words how to
beat Bernie if you're president Trump
the first thing out note is that it
seems to me and this could be just a
biased interpretation but it seems to me
that Bernie supporters are disconnected
from policy now certainly there are
plenty of Bernie supporters who want his
policies and they're not disconnected
they they want exactly what he's
offering but when I look at the and I'm
gonna use some names without you know
let me admit I can't read minds but when
I see people like Bill Maher jump in I
see Joe Rogan supporting Sanders when I
see people like that supporting him I
say to myself is it because of the
policies do you think Bill Maher I'm
just asking because I don't know can't
read their mind and it won't make an
assumption but do you think that they
support him for his policies because
there's certainly not what Joe Rogan
said when he mentioned that he might
vote for him he meant what he mentioned
was his I know consistency and
authenticity something like that and
those are much to be admired you know I
have the same feeling about Bernie
there's a whole bunch of how Bernie
that's pretty good stuff but not his
policies his policies are not good stuff
so that's the first observation that
there there's some people want to be
Trump or just being
winning side or or signal that there you
know part of good people not bad people
whatever it is they're thinking it does
seem disconnected from policy so that's
the first point then let's look at the
matchup you've got you've got a
president Trump who at least his
supporters who would you'd have to peel
away some of his supporters to Bernie in
order for Bernie to win and so you want
a good matchup
what would Republicans the ones that
Bernie needs to you know even
independence I guess the ones he wants
to wean away from Trump what would those
people think is Trump's biggest error
mistake or flaw the people that Bernie
wants to convert I would say they would
say the deficit deficit spending
wouldn't you wouldn't you say if you
were talking to a conservative and you
said okay I know you like Trump but tell
me what you don't like about him nine
and ten are gonna list the deficit and
the top one or two reasons right so how
does Bernie line up on the most
important point he's the only candidate
you could imagine running against Trump
who would make the deficit worse he's
the only one who would make it worse
forget about the fact you would probably
crash the economy and make us weaker
internationally and whatever else you
think about him on a matchup
he's the worst person you could run
against somebody who only has one a one
measurable flaw he president Trump has a
lot of subjective things you can't
measure his personality I think he's
dangerous he might be impulsive so he's
got lots of that stuff that you can't
measure but the one thing you can
measure that he's unambiguously badass
is the deficit and they're gonna run the
only guy who makes that worse against
that how does that make sense
that's the worst matchup ever you know
plus you've got somebody with a booming
economy running against somebody who
wants to completely transition it
what now what is the other thing that
Trump has as sort of a political
weakness and I wouldn't say this is what
Republicans say about him but it's more
about what Democrats say about him
because Bernie also has to get democrats
to you know be unified against Trump and
one of the biggest complaints from prior
years about Trump is that he's a
misogynist
you know women he's not good for women
who is the only candidate who also has
that issue at least in terms of his
supporters not in terms of him Bernie
Bernie is weak on women now here's the
thing he's not weak on women there's
literally nothing that Bernie's ever
said or done that is anything but
positive for basically everybody you
know that's that's the consistency our
new admit that Joe Rogan points out and
it's true I think Bernie has a hundred
percent solid record of being supportive
of women being supportive of you know
blacks being supportive of everybody but
but the trouble is that through the
election campaign his supporters are
being painted as misogynist and boy and
boy did they act that way at least
online now I don't know what percentage
act that way it's probably a low
percentage but the active ones that you
see a lot on social media they tend to
be kind of anti woman ish in their
approach I don't know how many of their
so just in terms of impressions while
none of this is real at least in terms
of Bernie's own views he looks like he's
not that strong with women and I think
what is his breakdown of men versus
women who support him Bernie appeals
more to men doesn't he
somebody has to fact-check me on that so
if you've got somebody who appeals more
to men running against Trump I don't
know if that's the way you get the woman
vote let me put this in other terms
Trump could say and I'll just give you
some messaging that he could use to run
against
Trump could say that Bernie won't
protect you but Trump already is suppose
you're trying to get the female vote
protection is a really strong word
because I think there is a male/female
difference in terms of how frightened
you would be about certain risks men
tend to be less frightened about
physical risks because we don't have as
many you know if I go out in public the
odds of me being assaulted by anybody in
public or you know pretty close to zero
for a woman it's a continuous every time
you go outside you've got a risk so
protection is one of those words that I
think it just has more deep meaning to
women because they live in a more
dangerous world than men do subjectively
speaking oh and statistically speaking
as well so I think Trump could say he's
already protecting us in all these ways
he's good on law enforcement he's he's
tough on terrorists and all that so
that's a Trump advantage but now and
then there's a practical question how
would burn again if his policies passed
I don't think Bernie is popular enough
even with Democrats because there are
enough Democrats who know his math
doesn't work they're not going to sign
up for first things how what would be
the point of electing Bernie because you
know his policies wouldn't pass right
the big stuff doesn't really have a
chance does it I don't think so I
suppose they could you know hope that
they get the entire Congress but I doubt
it all right so here's your a few things
well let me describe an ad or a meme or
maybe it's a viral video or something
that would take out Bernie and it would
go like this
it's a five second advertisement
political ad starts with a black screen
and then you see an EKG heartbeat go put
on
pump pump pump pump the pump and then
the voiceover says something like you
know the economy's is the best it's ever
been
why would you ever take a chance don't
take a chance
pump pump the pump the pump and then the
EKG which is flatlined so the words
would talk about the economy see where
I'm going here so they were it would be
an analogy between the heart the
heartbeat it's fine Boombah Boombah
Boombah Boombah poop why would you take
a chance with an economy that's the best
in the world but what would people think
they would immediately be reminded of
Bernie's recent heart attack and it's
all anybody would talk about in the ad
because the ad would be about the
economy
boop boop boop boop it's going great
don't do this man don't flatline the
economy right
five-second commercial black screen
heartbeat voice over done that's the end
of the election because it's so scary
and it's so right it's completely right
people don't like taking chances with an
economy that's working if you talk about
the risk it's over
all right here's an update on me
remember I told you that Google through
through YouTube seem to be limiting my
youtube videos and D monetizing them now
when they D monetize them it means that
they don't run ads the Creator doesn't
get paid for the time that people watch
it would no ads but worse than that when
it's D monetized it doesn't get
recommended by YouTube
so it gets much less awareness so I was
talking to you Google and I actually got
ahold of the the group a very small
group and one person in particular who
handles these kinds of questions for
Google and for YouTube and they're
working with me and apparently they're
putting together a a beta program if you
will that I'm trying to get into and
looks like I will in which there'll be
some people who might be white listed in
other words I wouldn't be automatically
demonetized because I have a long
history of not doing anything that would
make me demonetised so as long as you
have a long history of not crossing that
line you can you could potentially once
this is implemented could potentially
not be deep monetized automatically so
we'll see how that goes I'll keep you
informed as that goes if it happens it
would happen in the spring I think so
we're talking about a few months from
now but if you see my YouTube numbers
jump that's why there is a horrible
story in the news about a health records
company someone who sells software to
doctors in which the software company
worked with an opioid producer the news
is reporting it's probably Purdue but
that's not confirmed and that the
software company accepted money from the
opioid making company to have a little
screen pop up to suggest more opioids
and suggest that somebody managed their
pain with opioids and it was even
created to to have basically to market
opioids more aggressively in a sort of a
clever way but also to get people to
take prescriptions longer now how evil
is that yeah I'm looking look it look at
the comments every other comment is oh
my god oh my god what would what do you
think should be the legal penalty for
bribing a software company to push your
opioids which would cause certainly they
would know by then would cause people to
be addicted who didn't need to be
addicted what should be the what should
be the penalties for that
at least life in prison wouldn't you say
now I think you could argue for the
death penalty but the way society is
organized at the moment it's unlikely
you would secede
at least life in prison that's what are
the most evil things you'll ever see I
mean it's just shocking did any of you
see that the the funny video of Chuck
Schumer was getting ready to be somber
and and solemn and give a little speech
about the the vote about witnesses with
impeachment and Connell Harris was
standing behind him and joking around
with sherrod Brown and and Schumer turns
around and es alike put up the hand to
Shusher like Schumer's look acting so
yours he has to he has to shush her
happiness and if you haven't seen the
video it's very funny because Komal
Harris makes a face so so Schumer looks
at her and hashes her but as soon as you
know Schumer turns back toward the
audience
kabbala makes like a humorous face like
like a child who's just been scolded by
a parent but isn't really sorry about it
it was actually a pretty funny reaction
now of course conservatives are you know
floating that around because it's funny
and it makes Carmel Harris look bad and
it makes her whole impeachment look
ridiculous because they're laughing and
joking and only pretending to be solemn
so you know politically it's a fun
little viral video but here here's the
thing I did not like Carla Harris less
because of it and I'm curious if anybody
had the same reaction I feel like I'm
too biased because I have this
prediction that Biden will get nominated
she'll be the vice presidential
nomination so I know I know I'm I know
I'm biased and I'm just asking if you
have the same reaction I didn't mind at
all in other words she looked kind of
funny and authentic it was a very
authentic moment because she and she did
it in public on stage and it was a funny
spontaneous
it was just funny and I haven't seen her
actually be funny in a way that I
thought was funny and I thought she
played it off in a way that I kind of
liked did anybody have that experience
or was it just being and I'm I'm
certainly oh a few other people did yeah
there's a few other people and I think
most of the people here would not you
know be naturally supporters of Camilla
Harris yeah okay a whole bunch of you
are saying the same thing you know if
you looked at just the social media
comments and the way the news was
handling it was sort of portrayed as a
negative but it looks like a lot of
people are having the same feeling I did
which was it's kind of cute you know in
a good way
ah somebody's saying in the comments she
seemed to be flirting with that guy I
was gonna say that
but I didn't think it was fair I'm very
much opposed to the attacks on Kamala
Harris that are about her past
you know her past relationships with
Willie Brown or anything like that I get
that it's funny and then social media
people do outrageous things and you know
anything about sex is going to get more
attention
I'm just not on board with any of that
stuff I'm just not on board with that
because it's not a standard that I would
want any of you to have to live - all
right I don't want any of you to live up
to the standard of what you did years
ago in your sex life or in your personal
life or anything they just let it go
it's not a good look to be hammering on
that it doesn't it doesn't make you look
like a good person and it doesn't make
your candidate look like a good person
if you're a trump supporter and you're
tweeting about Kamala Harris
you know her knee pads and all the
things you see on social media you're
not doing a good job for Trump because
none of that stuff is making people not
want to vote for her it just makes you
look like you're a certain kind of
person and you're and you're part of
Trump's brand by talking about him
online so just think about the the look
that you're putting out there all right
so there's that did you see the news the
it's unconfirmed but there's a good good
reason to believe that the al-qaida
leader in Yemen was and using the word
likely killed by an airstrike here's my
first reaction to that is Trump running
and targets his Trump is so successful
at fighting terrorism that were down to
the al-qaida leader in Yemen I don't
know that doesn't feel like it feels
like the all the a targets might be dead
maybe maybe he's going down to the
second level now I get it I get it
there's a big war in Yemen and it's a
big hotspot for terrorism and so even
though it's a tiny country you know it's
important in terms of the the war on
terror but just the way it feels if
you're killing the al-qaeda leader in
Yemen maybe you're running out of
targets maybe it's good news you all saw
that the controversy that Mike Bloomberg
made it into the next debate but only
because the Democrats changed the rules
and it appears they changed the rules
just for him but I don't know if that's
true now that would make sense because
Bloomberg has essentially purchased the
Democrat Party and when I say he's
purchased them what I mean is that he
said that even if he doesn't get the
nomination he's still going to be
running all these anti Trump campaigns
almost certainly will support whoever
the candidate is because it's not Trump
and he's got hundreds of millions of
dollars to push in that direction
so yeah the Democrat Party is going to
do anything like Bloomberg Watts he
bought them you know they were first
sale they had a price he paid it he did
it in public we're watching it happen
there's no secret here at all I'm going
to put hundreds of millions of dollars
into the campaign but maybe I wouldn't
if he treated me unfairly you know I
might ask for a few things or no big
deal a little bit of a rule change it's
not an unfair rule and the rule change
was something about a number of number
of donors
something so they got rid of that in
favor of just the poll numbers and his
polls have gotten high enough so he's on
the stage so here's the weird thing
about this in what world does the rich
old white guy who uses his billions of
dollars to control the big part of the
media and buy the election how is he the
standard bearer of Democrats hi it's
just so crazy well I I'm usually not not
the one who likes to point out the easy
hypocrisy stuff you know the easy
conflicts
I always think they're just too obvious
and they're not really fun because
everybody's going to be talking about
that but it's kind of mind-blowing that
the person who is literally the most
opposite you could be of the kind of
person that the Democrats think is their
brand could be their standard-bearer
it's it's just interesting say so let's
talk about the biggest mistake that
Trump is made for persuasion this will
be the first time you've ever heard this
so there's nobody in the news who's
gonna make the point that I'm making
unless you hear it after this it goes
like this we're gonna be talking about
the corona virus of course but there's
there's a new wrinkle to it that I
haven't talked about first of all there
was a fake news report fake meaning it
wasn't the news that was the problem it
was the scientists a couple of Indian
scientists said they found indicators in
the corona virus that it was a
manufactured by a weapon it wasn't I
mistakenly tweeted that because there
was a couple of scientists I thought
well it's a couple of scientists this
would be what are the odds that these
scientists would see something that's so
checkable in other words you you don't
make a claim that's false if it's easy
to check it's false and secondly I don't
know they didn't seem to have any
self-interest they seem to be helping
and it was such a specific claim that
there were you know various HIV you
did pieces put it into this you know I'm
being non-technical here and then other
experts weighed in and looked at their
data and said now you're just reading
the data wrong that's all it was
turns out they just read the data wrong
didn't have the right context and that
the things they thought they saw was
just statistical noise so they just
weren't good as statistics apparently so
that's the first thing it was not a bio
weapon if you sit on news yesterday that
suggested it was you can adjust that now
and here's here's the hell of a thing I
think Twitter suspended the website Zero
Hedge for reporting on the story you
know incorrectly I think that happened I
need some confirmation and I don't know
if we'll ever have it if there was any
other reason beyond that but I think
Twitter's rules are that they'll suspend
things that are sort of dangerously
inaccurate that news was fake news and
at the point that Twitter understood it
to be dangerously inaccurate I mean
that's a dangerous piece of fake news it
really is
they they they deleted that site from
Twitter and I don't know if that'll get
reversed you know babe maybe they would
need to delete or revise an article or
something but I hope it gets reversed
because Zero Hedge is actually a pretty
interesting site it doesn't mean they're
right all the time but the other sites
are not either so let me get to Trump's
horrible horrible mistake this is one of
the biggest mistakes you'll ever see
politically strategically in persuasion
wise so as you know I've been
complaining that the United States has
not immediately closed down incoming
flights from China well it turns out
that some of the airline's themselves
are starting to close down traffic
Australia just banned incoming flights
Hong Kong did so other countries are
doing things that I kept asking why are
we not doing that or at least why isn't
why isn't the government explaining why
we're
doing it yes as of an hour ago somebody
said in the comments that did we close
it down an hour ago did that happen
could somebody somebody told me in the
comments if that happened I don't know
if that's true that might not be true so
here's here's why it's done on a
strategy level political strategy level
is one of those dumbest things I've ever
seen in my life there's no world in
which Trump would lose votes if he acted
too conservatively in other words if he
stopped incoming flights more than
people thought should have been done
even if it hurt the economy a little bit
it wouldn't heard of that much because
it only affects travelers it wouldn't
affect trade trade with China would be
exactly the same and travel probably
wouldn't have much of a impact because
thirty days later people would make the
trips that they postponed but so it was
a as far as I can tell unless it was
corrupt intent which you always have to
suspect in these situations the
corruption being not necessarily trumps
but something something in the
government it is a dumb risk management
to not do the thing that's free and then
take the risk that's very expensive
because if a number of people die and it
could be a very small number if ten
people die of the coronavirus in the
United States and we can track it back
to the fact that the airport wasn't that
the flights weren't locked down sooner
people will assume that was the case
anyway that's really gonna cost Trump so
he could lose votes by doing what he did
but he could never lose votes if he went
the other way
why in the world would a politician in
an election year do the thing that could
lose him votes when he could do the
thing that wouldn't load us in phones
right it's in it's unexplained and
that's why you have to you have to think
corruption somewhere somewhere in the
government there's something going on
all right doesn't mean it's Trump
himself but he's now fixing it he's not
overriding it he has the power
I think right he's a dictator now he has
the power just kidding
all right but here's so that so far
everything I've said I've said before
here's the new point I hate to even
bring it up because it's sort of
devastating you know all the all of the
pushback that Trump got with the
so-called Muslim ban all right so the
Muslim ban which is what his critics
called it he was accused of just not
letting people in because they were
different religion or ethnicity or
whatever religion mostly so he was
accused of being anti-muslim he's
expanded the number of countries and I
don't think they're all majority Muslim
countries but he's expanded them all and
so he's you know it brings up that issue
again all right so one of the big the
president's biggest problems was that it
appeared that he was blocking people
from coming into the country just
because they were Muslim that was that's
what the critic said it's not what was
actually happening but that's what the
critics said he had he had a play with
this Court on coronavirus to absolve
himself and he didn't take it it's one
of the biggest miss opportunities you'll
ever see now let me connect the dots
because so far you don't know what I'm
talking about probably the corona virus
is almost perfectly analogous to radical
Islamic belief not regular Islamic
mainstream ordinary Islamic religious
person I'm talking about just the
radical ones who want to kill people
because the Muslim population mostly
innocent has a little bit of an idea of
virus in it that you could call the
radical terrorist element just a little
bit of a larger population has that
problem identical to big population of
Chinese nationalists or people who've
been to China almost all of them do not
have the coronavirus virus the vast
majority of ordinary Chinese travel
have no coronavirus but a very small
amount do and we treated we treated the
the Muslim country band as if we would
treat all the people with the same risk
level simply because we can't determine
who are the dangerous ones we classified
the whole group as potentially dangerous
just because we can't tell the
individuals within it and then the
coronavirus comes it's exactly analogous
I mean there are lots of difference and
you know trade agreements and our
relationship and things with China so
there are big differences but the way
the human mind processes things is that
we see why is this different why is that
why is that why is the virus being
treated differently in terms of allowing
people into the country then the Muslim
ban when in fact both of those are large
communities were overwhelmingly innocent
of anything but just a small amount are
infected the Chinese some of them with
that virus the Muslim countries that are
banned just a few of them with terrorism
here's the problem
it makes it look racist makes it look
racist because if you can't explain to
me why those two situations are treated
differently where's my mind going to go
so if people keep saying did it it did
something happen this morning because I
did not see a news report about banning
travel I saw only that we ban to travel
to China so let's just let's check it in
in any event it took too long so it
doesn't really change what happened I'm
just looking gone I don't see it on the
headline
yeah I don't see it as a headline
someone needs to catch up well I just
looked at all the CNN Headline so
there's nothing there about restricting
incoming flights so mandatory
quarantines now let's let's do a fact
check on that my larger point remains
the same because I have assumed all
along that we would reach a point where
we had to stop the flights so the fact
that he stopped him does not make it
still not a gigantic error because the
error was waiting this long you know if
if if the virus takes off in this
country it's just going to look like the
greatest political mistake of all time
put it on a persuasion level he had a
chance to get rid of his biggest problem
I would say Trump's biggest problem was
that so-called Muslim ban that wasn't
really a Muslim ban it was about a band
about we don't know who in that group is
going to be the dangerous ones if he had
done just exactly the same thing with
the virus people would say oh okay I get
it now I get it whenever there's a big
group and you can't tell which ones are
the dangerous ones you temporarily ban
them all until you can sort things out
and figure out what's safe cuqui could
have treated both these situations the
same and it would have absolutely
absolved him at least to some people it
would have absolved him from the claim
that the Muslim ban was about Muslims
and Sneden goes the other way where
biggest one of the biggest mistakes I've
ever seen him make persuasion wise
because it was free money that was free
money that the president should have
just looked at that table full of free
money and said I'm just gonna
temporarily ban things I win on the
Muslim ban I win on being rough on China
I went on being cautious and protecting
the country win win win win win win and
he took the losing path I can't explain
it
unless there's massive corruption
somewhere it doesn't mean that it's
Trump could be whoever's advising him
could be Congress Santa at the I don't
know could be anybody but there's
something corrupt going on
there all right somebody says it's
already banned so I'm going to go check
the news there could be a reason that
and CNN does not have that in the
headlines I
you might I have to check because
there's a little confusion about what
got banned so I'm not sure that those of
you who are saying that we've banned
those flights might have only banned it
in one direction but let me check on
that that's a it's an open question
we'll go check on that together and
that's all I got for today see you
tomorrow