stock market's on
fire if my app is correct I made more
money today than any day in my
life thank you
Tesla so we're GNA have a show oh my
goodness oh my goodness is it going to
be good you can't wait let me get my
comments all
working it'll be the show of shows like
nothing you've ever seen before
if I can find the
comments here we
[Music]
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or a mug or a
glass a tankered cheler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me down for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine h of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now
go oh my God
God so so
good well I'd like to tell you a little
bit about human Minds before we get into
all the politics of it last night I was
doing a live stream with my subscribers
on uh the locals platform that you can
only see if you're a subscriber at Scott
adams. locals.com
and uh I needed my remote control for my
TV CU I was going to show them something
really cool
that was on my TV behind me but I could
not find my remote control which is very
very unusual because I have strict rules
for remote controls number one this
particular remote control was touched by
nobody but me because it was the man
cave so there's nobody there but me
number two when I put a remote control
down I only put it on a uh exposed clear
surface that's like the rule for all of
my life you cannot put the you cannot
put a remote control on a couch because
then it might fall in you know between
the cushions and stuff you cannot lay it
on a let's say a pile of blankets
because then it might get covered up so
what I knew about myself is that that
remote control was in a roughly 10x10
area roughly the the room around around
my desk right now so I knew for sure
that it was on an exposed surface on the
top of something it was in full
View and that it was within 10
ft and 300 people watched me look for it
for 40 minutes and not find
it finally I did find it you know how I
did
it I went and found a separate remote
control from a different Apple TV one I
don't use as much and I said to myself
well if I can't find the real one I'll
at least reprogram this one to replace
it and so the process of reprogramming
means you have to get close to the the
TV box so it says you have to be within
three inches and you push certain
buttons and stuff so I walk over there
and I lean on the top of my
speaker and I look down and and there it
was there was the or
remote it was on a flat surface within
10t of me in full
view now here's the interesting
part uh I predicted to the people that
were watching me unable to find it that
it would be on a flat surface within 10
feet in full
View and that I wouldn't be able to find
it it was only because I was doing
something that wasn't involved in
finding it that I accidentally encap Ed
it now here's what you learn from
this your
perceptions are guided entirely upon by
your
expectations your
perception is guided entirely by your
expectations I have never once that I
remember ever put my remote control on
top of that speaker that's next to the
TV because I've never put it there
before my brain couldn't see
it it was in full view it was never even
a little bit covered up it it was not
the same color as the speaker had you
know perfect contrast and it was within
it was actually within 5 feet of where I
was sitting most of the
time now this should not be a lesson
about how dumb I am I mean you could
take it that way what this should be
lesson about is how everything works
this is how brains work in fact I
predicted that it was in full View and
that it was where it shouldn't be and
therefore it would be invisible to me
and that's what happened it was
invisible because I didn't expect it to
be
there that is every perception you have
your whole life everything you see is
based on what you expect it's not based
on what's
there sometimes your brain
corrects but not often usually you see
what you expect to see so remember that
when you get all cocky about how your
politics are right and everybody else is
wrong and all your opinions about
everything are right and your
perceptions are good and everybody else
has bad ones nope nope we're all seeing
what we expect and that's pretty much
80% of the
story all right here's some good news
the golden age is upon us says president
Trump and I say so say we all um here
are some things Science Daily says that
uh they're getting close to being able
to figure out how to grow food without
sunlight now also without light so it's
not an artificial light but rather
they're very close to being able to send
some kind of electrical impulse very
slight into the plants and uh
essentially mimicking photosynthesis but
doing with doing it with just a tiny
tiny little bit of energy
now if you could actually master that
and use just a few solar panels on top
of an indoor
garden um you're going to reduce your
your energy costs and most of your
problems by you know 90
99% so if this works
it it would revolutionize gardening to
the point where You' probably just every
everybody would have a garden it would
be so much more efficient to just pack
the plants in a little closet send them
a little electricity in the dark and
then go pick your Tomatoes when you
ready so there could be a gigantic a
gigantic potential change in
farming you know a civilization altering
technology or not you know maybe they'll
never get to work but I'm going to go
full gold full gold full Golden Age
today you need some optimism today
anybody want any
optimism full golden
age I told you before that there's some
work uh being done on electric motors to
create what they call an electrostatic
motor something that Ben Franklin had
been playing with years ago uh if they
make this work and it's looking
promising
uh it would make electric electric
motors 80% more
efficient do you see where we're going
with all this 80% more efficient
Electric engines they'll be the drivers
of the robots the drivers of the
electric cars the drivers of most things
could go down
80% so if our food goes down to you know
maybe 10% of the production cost and our
Motors go down to 20% of the production
cost what else could be happening in the
Golden Age well according to Maddie
Chapman and IFL science there's some new
material they've
created um I don't know what it's called
but just some physical material that uh
if it comes in contact with CO2 it just
absorbs the hell out of it like nothing
ever absorbed before so they don't have
to suck the CO2 out of the air if they
wanted to reduce it they could just put
it in contact at the point of production
let's say in a smoke stack wherever the
CO2 is being produced they can just put
some of this material and it just sucks
it out of the air without any work
whatsoever it just has to come in
contact with
it and it does it so well it's not like
anything that's ever happened before now
may I call upon the NPCs I would like to
give you some time uh as tradition
requires when the topic of removing CO2
from the atmosphere is raised you must
if you are an NPC say but but that's my
plant
food you can't take my plant food out of
the air stop taking my plant
food so I'd like to give you a moment I
know you can't
resist uh plant food anybody NPCs yeah
okay good we all know that that would uh
destroy the planet if you remove too
much CO2 from the air
now I'm not in favor of or opposed to
removing CO2 from the air I don't really
know if it makes any difference at all I
have no idea so I I don't have an
opinion on it I do know it's
expensive so supposed the only thing
that happened was they decided that if
you needed to remove it from the air
they could do it a 100 times
cheaper well that would be good you
don't need to be throwing all this money
at crazy climate change things and then
you can decide later if you remove too
much CO2 when the plants are dying
because I'm pretty sure that adding CO2
would not be nearly the
problem as removing it so I'm not really
too worried we'll remove too much seems
far more likely we you know that it
won't make any difference that would be
my my best guess is that CO2 is not
making much of a
difference uh in other science Popular
Mechanics says that uh
fungi you know mushroom type
things they have some kind of an
intelligence and that they communicate
across their broad network of fungi
fungi fungi whatever they are and they
uh tested it and they apparently they're
they communicate and so your fungi acts
like a big brain it's got some kind of
intelligence and can communicate with
other things in its Network to tell it
what to do to avoid trouble Etc now the
interesting thing about this is that not
only can the fungi think but uh 25% of
them have already um signed up to
support K Harris 25% 75% of them Pro
Trump but 25% of the
fungi very solidly supporting come
Harris well I'd like to give an update
on what I call the IC campaign of KL
Harris now in my opinion she is the
worst candidate for any office of any
time in my life I've never seen anything
like it it's really extraordinary how
bad she is and uh an account on X called
bad ombre has a good summary you
probably are aware that a whole bunch of
October surprise hoaxes dropped
yesterday uh they were all sort of
anti-trump hoaxes but uh it didn't go as
I
hoped apparently the public is now on
we've wised up to October surprises so
that everybody just shrugs go oh that's
not true right here's here's a uh
summary by Bad
umbre total meltdown tonight at the Aris
wals campaign here are the bullet points
the Hitler hoax didn't gain any traction
uh they've already overplayed that hand
we'll talk about that that's the John
Kelly Hitler hoax
uh the effing Mexican
hoax uh that's that's where Trump is
allegedly offered to pay for the funeral
of a I forget was somebody who was
murdered of a murdered Soldier and that
uh when the price tag came back too much
uh I think this was in the propaganda
network uh called the Atlantic it's a
propaganda
publication and the edly Trump said uh
that that was too much to spend burying
a effing
Mexican now obviously he didn't say that
the the the hoaxes are just so insanely
absurdly stupid that that were just
ignoring them then there was somebody
has a 32-year-old claim that Trump
grabbed her butt nobody cares uh the
Wall Street Journal because we don't
believe it of course uh a new Wall
Street Journal poll says AIS is losing
the popular vote now if you're losing
the popular vote and you're Democrat
you're going to get smashed in the
Electoral College so that's a landslide
so the polling is strongly suggesting a
trump Landslide at this point and uh and
then Harris completely bombed the CNN
Town Hall which should have been a
friendly but she couldn't even handle
the friendly she just fell apart
so we'll talk about a little bit those
things in general but here's here's the
big
picture I feel like the public has
matured in their understanding of the
media
landscape in 2015 if these things if
these hoaxes had landed the media would
treat them all like they're
true and then voters would wonder and
all that but at this point I think zero
Republicans think these are true is that
fair would you say that there's not a
single Republican who thinks any one of
these is true I I think that's fair to
say but also Democrats don't even think
it's true which is what's different
we'll talk about that in more detail all
right so uh Jeffrey Goldberg at the
Atlantic he's the most famous maybe the
most famous propagandist so if you see
his name or the Atlantic that's not news
people that's not bias that is just
purely madeup stuff so once you know
what's purely made up allegedly
allegedly it's allegedly purely made
up all right um so so most of those uh
rumors came from that or from uh General
Kelly who we have many questions
about so I don't even think it's worth
talking about the rumors because they're
so absurd and stupid and people are on
to it so they're discounting it but
let's talk about uh act
blue here's something fun so uh speaker
Johnson is pointing out that there's now
a website where you can go to to find
out if act blue which is this big moneya
laundering
organization uh that supports Democrats
so they pretend that it's a place where
individuals are making small
contributions and then they get summed
up and you know used for Democrat
purposes but indeed it seems like it's
more likely that it's a place where uh
rich people give large amounts and then
they uh artificially pretend it came
from individuals which means there's
lists of people who uh are
allegedly donating to act blue who don't
have any idea that they've donated
because they
didn't but there's a we ite called
checky donations. org which when I
checked it this morning was under
attack you couldn't get close to it it
was like blinking on the screen so I
assume it wasn't just a a technical
error with a site it looks like it's a
denial of service attack so what would
you do if you were the Democrats and you
got caught red-handed and there's a a
website where everybody who's been taken
by the the same scam can go look up
their name and presumably thousands of
people will say Hey you used my name and
this isn't me well the only way you
could protect yourself if you're part of
this Democrat scam is to attack that
website and and take it that a service
and that's what's
happening now I'm
speculating because I've never seen a
website that blinked have you have you
ever seen that a website that blinked
I've seen them when they don't work or
they give you an error but it's
literally blinking like you can't even
enter
anything so I think it's the denial of
service attack is that is that the most
likely explanation because it's very
unlikely that it was just you know too
many people went to use it and the
traffic was too much I probably a denial
of service so I think that might be
exactly what it looks like act blue is
uh caught red-handed haa
or blue-handed in this case I think we
should change it to being caught
blue-handed
yeah you you okay with that we're going
to change the saying from being caught
red-handed which might have been racist
by the way is that a racist thing um we
going to change it to being caught
blue-handed
um so that's
happening um according to Zero Hedge
Wisconsin election agency is confirming
that they had a bunch of outages in
their voting systems on the first day of
early
voting um how could that
be uh I thought that all the machines
were tested
thoroughly but they seem to be having
some unexpected problems huh um it but
it's a good thing we're using the
machines because they're more reli okay
no they're not more reliable that's
right but at least at least using the
machines you can get the election
results more quick okay well no you
don't get the election results more
quickly but at least at least they're
more credible and the public at least
okay the public doesn't trust them I'm
sure there's a reason for them I'm
positive there's a reason we have
election
machines I just don't know what the
reason is anybody
anybody I'm watching in the comments
there there's always somebody who thinks
there's no audio but I can never tell if
they're Trolls but the uh other
commenters are are slapping them down no
the audio is
fine anyway
um so Harris gave her town hall and I
think that even CNN said that she failed
completely
um this is what even Dana Dana Bash said
now as you know Dana Bash is considered
a very pro-democrat pro- Harris
commentator now uh CNN as I've been
saying lately seems to be legitimately
trying to find something closer to the
middle but if there's still bias toward
the Democrats I think that's fine as
long as it's transparent as the same as
Fox News Right Fox News is going to like
the Republicans but it's very
transparent so as long as it's
transparent I'm okay I I just don't like
things like the the Atlantic or MSNBC
because those are pure propaganda those
are not in the same category with news
you you should you need to you need to
update your thinking about some of those
sites those are not biased news reports
those are propaganda sites it's their
only purpose but let's uh do a check on
CNN's Independence here so this is from
uh CNN anchor danab bash after the
Harris complete destruction at the Town
Hall quote what I'm hearing from people
who I've been talking to if her goal was
to close the deal they're not sure she
did that um and this is Dana Bash
immediately after the event and quote
having said that anytime that she can be
in front of an audience and interacting
with voters is a win as far as her
campaign goes and they're very happy
about
that
really so let me if I see if I
understand
this she did so poorly that even CNN
says it was a
failure but then they quote her campaign
is saying that whenever she's in front
of people it's a
win this is the campaign that kept her
away from people for two days two weeks
before the cam before the election
day clearly every time she talks to the
public it's a
disaster it's a disaster and this one
was maybe the worst one yet so she was
asked about the wall she couldn't answer
the question of whether she'd be in
favor of the wall she refused to answer
it because even uh even Anderson Cooper
was pushing her you used to say the wall
was stupid you used to say the wall was
bad what do you say now oh word salad oh
we need good security at the border
right right right but are you in favor
of building wall oh we I was born in the
middle class family no right right right
do
you
favor building
the
wall well let me tell you about some
things that have nothing to do with
walls it it was the most embarrassing
ridiculous complete destruction of a
candidate you've ever
seen it was by far the worst thing
you've ever
seen what am I looking
at oh I'm I'm looking at the list of uh
people named Scott Adams who have uh who
have donated to act
blue so somebody put my name
in and do you want to see how many times
I've donated to to act
blue that that that's my name next to
all the donations I've made to act blue
now I have a common name so it's
probably not me but it might
be it might
be because I'm uh I have been famous as
a
non-voter so if somebody was going to
try to pick up all the
non-voters and make his seem as though
they were supporting her I would be I
would be an obvious one that you would
pick up as a
non-voter not this year though suckers
I'm voting this
year
anyway so yes she was a terrible um
Anderson Cooper also asked her if she
thought that Trump was a fascist
and of course she gave a speech saying
that he was a fascist and she repeated
all the the John Kelly hoaxes and the
the Atlantic hoaxes if there are two
things you shouldn't believe it's
anything that one of Trump's old
generals ever said because all of his
generals were morons and and maybe not
even Patriots so everything Trump said
about his generals is looks obviously
true they they don't even seem like
they're on the side of America the way
they act
um so yeah they're morons mostly and the
funny thing is that they act like morons
on TV you know it's not like okay they
look pretty good in public but probably
behind closed doors you know maybe
they're not as smart no they look dumb
in public the generals look dumb in
public and I've I've always been puzzled
by that because I thought how can they
look so dumb in public if they're
actually very smart you know how else do
you become a general well it turns out
that being a general is a a political
appointment you can't become a general
unless the politicians like you it's not
even about kind of your job as a
military
person so that explains a lot I I
believe that the uh uh I don't know what
the reason for John Kelly being the way
he is but I don't think there's any
chance he's telling the
truth so that's just my opinion I would
say there's zero chance that anything he
said was true
But The Girl Who Cried Hitler was crying
Hitler again and the world finally
caught on wait a minute when when
they're behind in the polls all they do
is say Hiller stuff it's pathetic it's
weak and it could get both candidates
killed let me say that
again the he's he's a fascist he's
Hitler stuff is
pathetic because we know we know the
whole trick now like we know the Ro play
it there was a time when it worked so
you say oh that's evil but I have to
admit it's clever because it's working
no it's not working and it's not clever
it's
pathetic it's just pathetic and you know
watching it is is just incredible that
that that's all they have it's pathetic
it's weak and it could get both
candidates killed now it could get Trump
killed as we've seen because painting
him as a danger to the to the Republic
is how you get somebody killed but I
would go further and say it almost looks
like they're trying to get Harris killed
because you know nobody thinks that
Harris comes up with her own ideas so if
she's pushing the the Hitler button hard
in the last two weeks it's because
somebody else told her to do that
whoever told her to push the Hitler
button hard is putting her in real
Danger
cuz if Trump gets taken
out I'm not going to finish the rest of
the
sentence I don't have to do I who
whoever is telling Harris to say this is
putting her in Mortal danger like she's
never been in this is the highest level
of physical risk that KLA Harris has
ever experienced I don't think she knows
it I think she thinks that if Trump gets
taken out that they can just sell it
it's like well crazy guy isn't that
terrible thanks for electing me I don't
think it's going to go that way I think
that the reaction is unpredictable I
certainly recommend against any violence
do not do anything violent please but I
live in the real world if you shoot
somebody in my family I'm going to kill
you
right and most of you would say the same
thing I'm going to kill you if you come
after me or somebody in my family there
are people who feel that way about their
polititions
if if people think that the Democrats
planned and executed a plan to take down
Trump I don't know what's going to
happen you you get into really
unpredictable territory but I'll tell
you the main thing that's going to
happen is that if KL Harris has not uh
boosted her security details she needs
us to think about that right away
because the level of security risk she
would be under if anything happened to
Trump would be beyond anything we've
ever seen it it would be
unparalleled so we don't want that to
happen so the thing I'm most worried
about is that Harris doesn't know how
much trouble her own side just put her
in they put her in a life and death
situation and that's not cool so she's
so dumb that she can't even take good
advice this is advice that's really
putting her in
danger
anyway um I'd love to see her Define
what fascist means in a way that doesn't
include everything she supports because
the Democrats are doing laware against
an opponent fascist they they're
involved in Foreign Wars for reasons
that the Public's having trouble
understanding sounds a little fascist um
they control the media fascist they're
punishing their political enes
fascists and you know we live in a full
propaganda brainwashing the Atlantic
MSNBC world every part of that looks
fascist to
me so what uh Harris did is the most
divisive thing that I think I've ever
seen a politician
do um but the fact that she can't
identify a real fascist should be
disqualifying should be disqualifying
now here's my my provocative question I
would like to ask all of you uh but
mostly this is a curiosity about
Democrats how do Democrats explain the
existence of smart well-informed Trump
supporters do you ever think about
that now during 2015
2016 if you were a Democrat you could
say well look who's supporting him
there's this guy named cernovich we
never heard of there's this cartoonist
who cares what a cartoonist thinks of
there's there's Bannon oh he's a wild
man there's there's Alex Jones well you
know we've heard about him so it seemed
as though when Trump ran the first time
and maybe even to some extent the second
time that if you were a Democrat you
could explain your own opinion in the
context of everybody else's opinion
because you could say huh all my smart
friends agree with me uh it looks like
most of the news agrees with me except
that Fox News and that breit Bart there
you know nobody pays attention to them
of course so yes my my opinion against
Trump makes perfect sense my friends
agree the media agrees and the people on
Trump's side are all
weirdos time
passes Trump has a what Republicans
would call a very successful first term
and now his supporters include Elon Musk
bill lman
uh David
Sachs ramas Swami RFK Jr tulsey gabard I
could go on but what are all those
people have in common you know what do
they all have in common they're very
well
informed they're clearly very patriotic
Americans and they're very very
smart so now what do you
do because if you're a Democrat you have
to explain these people it's one thing
to explain Trump you just say well he's
a terrible monster and you know all the
racist support him but what about these
guys not all guys but what about the
group of this list and you know it's a
much longer
list but how do you explain
them what what exactly are you telling
yourself to make it okay that you're on
the other side of the smartest people in
the world who are looking at the same
stuff you're looking at how do you
explain that
um do Democrats uh just imagine that
these people that most people would say
are brilliant and successful and well
informed do they tell themselves that
these people are actually dumb are there
Democrats who say it's a good thing I'm
smarter than Elon Musk are they saying
that are there some people who are doing
their own investing and they're saying
that's a good thing I'm smarter than
Bill lman
really is anybody saying
that uh
so as a
hypnotist um I understand why people
don't like let's say the policies of the
other side we all get that right if
somebody says I don't like those
policies on the other side I get that
that's not like anything strange or
unusual
but how do you explain that the most
transparent politician in the world
Trump the person we know the most about
served an entire term
recently how do you how do you explain
that these all these smart people that I
just mentioned can't see what uh heres
that really he's a secret Hitler he is a
secret Hitler they can't see it is that
what the Democrats think they just can't
see it these smart people they were so
smart but now they can't see
this well um here's the hypnotist take
my take um
it's pretty obvious that some number of
Democrats are are under a brainwashing
effect the brainwashing has caused them
to be completely
irrational and even but here's the
thing um if you ask people how do to
explain the smart people who are
well-informed and clearly patriotic if
you said how do you explain that they
exist and that they're public and
they're really trying to make sure that
you understand what's going on how do
you explain it now here's my
prediction if they're coming from some
reasonable place that I just don't
understand then the response to how do
you explain all these smart people
supporting Trump would be something
smart but maybe something that you
didn't hear before do you think that's
what would
happen I don't think so I the the
psychologists would predict that under
this situation where there's a clear
absurdity that that voters are putting
themselves as smarter than musk Amman
saaks rahas Swami RFK Jr and gabard I
mean really how many of you are smarter
than that
group but Democrats in order to accept
this clearly absurd point of view would
have to uh employ cognitive dissonance
to make the absurdity fit so they'd have
to say something like well uh they're
really all I don't know what co-opted by
Russia or something is that it would be
something stupid so the question would
be hilarious and you should ask your
friends if you have a Democrat friend or
co-worker just say I'm not judging I'm
just curious how how exactly would you
explain the existence of all these smart
well-informed people who think that
Trump is clearly the right answer how do
you explain it and Watch What Happens
it'll be it would just be word salad
anger and changing the
subject well but you're bad okay sure
I'm bad but but how do you explain all
these smart
people and then they say but but Trump
did I I go I know I know I hear what
you're saying but how do you explain all
these smart people who don't know that
but but but Trump's a fascist I hear you
I hear you but how do you explain how
none of these people can see it now
here's something I tell you all the
time that I've never seen anybody agree
with me yet so I'll keep working on you
if you have two people who go into a
room and the room has no other entrance
or exits except for the one door they go
through let's say it's a big door it's
like a garage door it needs to be for
this example and then when they come out
one of them says I can't believe there
was an elephant in that
room and then the other one says uh
there was no elephant in the room it was
a 20x 20 unfurnished room and just the
two of us were in there and the other
one says are you kidding there was an
elephant in the room there was an
elephant in the room I talked to the
elephant I Pat the elephant and the
other one says there was not an elephant
in the room now which one of them is
lying and which one of them is
hallucinating here's the
rule people don't hallucinate nothing
they hallucinate
something a hallucination adds something
to the atmosphere it doesn't subtract it
the person who says there's no elephant
is the one that's right you know unless
they were telling some you weird crazy
lie but if but if you're just trying to
figure out who's got better perception
the one who didn't see the elephant wins
every time you know lying would be a
different situation but if you knew they
weren't
lying the one who says there was an
elephant is having a mental problem
every time it's very very reliable if
you've added something to the
environment it's a hallucination the
person who doesn't see it and is looking
in the same place
they're having the accurate
impression so the people who see the sea
Hiller are having the
hallucination all right uh even Governor
sununu well he's Republican but um he
says that
uh uh that what uh the claims about
Trump are all sort of baked in and
they're ridiculous and he dismisses them
um what he say he says quote do you
think half of America is voting for a
fascist now that ladies and gentlemen is
the right
question do you really think that half
of America was standing in that room and
they say they didn't see the
elephant are are they all hallucinating
that there's no elephant in
there because you could have half
America hallucinate there is an elephant
that's actually something that could
happen but half of them not seeing
elephant it means there's no elephant if
half of them can't see it that's what it
means
um so given all that if you would like
to end the race today and make it no
doubt who's going to win uh all you need
is one person in the in the news
business to ask the following question
are you ready for it this is the
question that would end the Harris
campaign now does that sound like a big
claim you're probably saying okay that's
a little hyperbole little bit of an
exaggeration
nope no if anybody asks her this
question and gets it on video it's the
end of her
campaign here it
comes uh Miss
Harris um if you believe that Trump is a
fascist in the Hitler mold
do you have a responsibility and do
Democrats have a responsibility to rig
the election to make sure he doesn't
win and that's the end of the
election that's
it there is no answer to that question
that isn't the end of the
election she would have to she'd have to
change the subject which is the end of
the election because if you bring back
say oh no but
seriously if I were in your shoes Miss
Harris and I believed I could stop
Hitler from rising I would do everything
I
could so if you really believe that he's
operating in the mold of Hitler or he's
close enough so they think that
description makes sense in a in a
national race you think that's a fair
description of them wouldn't that mean
that your patriotic duty is to get him
killed
arrested or rig the election now now if
she says no we need just fair elections
I'd say hold on hold on you said he's so
dangerous he's like Hitler do you mean
that because if you mean it you got to
act like it if you mean it you better be
getting ready to rig this election as
hard as you can or if you don't mean it
shut the up because you're
going to get somebody
killed don't add that second
part that's the end end of the race just
ask her if she's willing to act on her
own beliefs are you willing to act in a
rational patriotic way for your beliefs
because let let me let me raise my hand
and say if I ever find myself in that
position where I genuinely believe a
hitler-like character is rising to power
I will if I can help rig the
election I promise I promise if I really
believe a Hitler like character is
coming I will I will rig the hell out in
that election I'm stepping up do you
know why because I love the country
because I'm a patriot because I'm not
going to let Hitler come to power if you
think he's Hiller and you're going to
let him come to power because you're
behind in the polls and if you don't rig
it you're not going to win so you tell
me do you believe what you're
saying or are you not a patriot and we
can't depend on you when things get
tough It's the End of the election
there's no way she can handle that
question I mean even even someone who is
really good at answering
questions would have no hope of
answering that one now I don't think
Hillary was ever asked and I don't think
the Harris will ever be asked because
she's only going to do friendlies
between now and the the election day but
it is the question that ends the race
I'd love to see Scott Jennings asked the
question on the on the CNN panel I'd
love to see somebody else uh Force the
question so that the voters have to
struggle with it themselves I want I
want the Democrats to struggle with how
is she going to answer that
question because either she's just
starting the biggest problem in the
world by saying our president is going
to be
Hitler well I don't have to finish
that anyway so
uh CNN fact Checker I told you this that
uh Tim wals got fact checked hard for
saying that Trump lost the most
manufacturing jobs which wasn't even
close to True Daniel Dale slapped him
down hard so again I'm going to
compliment CNN because uh Dana Bash at
least she got halfway to being realistic
about her opinion of how Harris did she
failed and I think that she essentially
admitted that and then there fact check
slaps down
walls um as hard as you can slap
somebody so you know not everything CNN
does is going to meet my difficult
criteria for
success but I appreciate what they've
done on
this um let's see what else the haris
yeah so Tucker Carlson was giving a
speech at Turning Point action
and he says Americans have reached their
boiling point with all of this um
and he is worried of course that Trump
will win on votes but then the election
will be rigged or stolen and he said
quote when they tell when they tell you
they've won you can look them straight
in the face and say I'm sorry dad's home
and he's
pissed dad's home now that would be
Trump
um however I would like to suggest the
following I don't believe the
Republicans have anything whatsoever to
stop the Democrats from rigging the race
telling the media that it was fair and
then arresting people who
complain there's no
counterforce iser because nobody's
organizing Republican Street
demonstrations and if they did they
would just get locked up and be in
jail um there's nobody you could
assassinate even if you wanted to which
is a bad idea it wouldn't change any
outcomes right there's nobody you could
kill what are you going to do shoe your
neighbor that's not going to work what
are you going to do
March uh get a sign that's not going to
work complain on social media that's not
going to work what are you going to
do the thing I worry about I saw Mike
covich say something along the same
lines
what Harris has dropped in the last two
weeks especially yesterday where she's
going full Hitler you know full Hitler
messaging on trump it looks like she's
trying to get him murdered because she
doesn't know how she could win fair and
square and then Jamie Rasin is waiting
in the wings to not certify Trump if he
wins and then of course the courts are
waiting in the wings to put him in jail
if he wins so they their plan is clearly
that they don't have the policies or the
person to win so they're looking to ramp
up the odds of
assassination odds of jailing people
Etc can anybody explain to me
anything anything that Republicans could
do if the election is obviously stolen
but the media insists that it wasn't and
the legal system just does what they're
told and they lock up people who appear
to be breaking the law what are you
going to do about it what's the military
going to do nothing so they just they
that it seems like they're trying to
neuter the military with this whole
fascist General Kelly thing because if
you hear that a general said that this
guy's a bad guy then if something
happens to the bad guy that a general
said is bad well that tell tells the
military to stand down
right so it looks to
me that they're setting up a condition
for rigging the race if they if if Trump
survives it looks like they're creating
a situation to rig the election I
believe it's going to be right in front
of us and I believe that it will be
obvious and I believe that the news will
say it's fine and that there's no
recourse and if if you could think of a
recourse that's like a real world thing
you could actually do let me know I
don't know any I mean I can't even think
of one in sort of a
hypothetical speculative sense we're not
going to take to the streets people are
not going to take their guns out of the
closet they're not going to shoot their
neighbor what are you going to do
there's
nothing you know you hear all the time
that the CIA has you know run all these
coups and rigged elections in other
countries do you know why it's happened
so many times I guess there are 80
examples of it or something do you know
why it's happened so many times because
it works you can overthrow a country all
you need is the media on your side
that's it if the media says it was fair
then they can apply as much muscle as
they want behind the scenes and the
media will say yeah it's all working out
everything's fine relax go back to
work I'm not aware of anything you could
do if they steal the election no matter
how obvious it is you could take it to
courts and the courts will say well we
don't have time you don't have standing
uh even if this is true the specific
case is not enough what are you going to
do the courts can't sort it out there's
no Street
muscle that's going to sort it
out if you can come up with anything
anything that's
nonviolent and could right or wrong like
that should
happen let me know I can't think
anything this country is so neutered
that we just like the 80 other countries
that got taken over
allegedly they they don't
complain right even Ukraine was uh taken
over what
twice and it just went on like well I
guess that's who's in charge
now anyway CNN's uh
oh according to Rasmus and half of the
country thinks there will be violence
after the election no matter who gets
elected uh but don't worry
23% say violence is very likely to fall
oh okay um so the point is that half of
the country and it's both Democrats and
Republicans think that if the wrong
person wins or no matter who wins really
um there's going to be violence
oh look who it is the head of the ADL
what's he being blamed
for ah so somebody is saying that the
ADL uh The Washington Post is saying
that ADL data on right-wing extremist
violence is a
fraud
really it says the Washington Post but I
don't believe that I don't believe the
Washington Post is throwing the ADL
under the bus are
they I'll have to look into that the ADL
as you know is a um just a corrupt
organization in my
opinion anyway so people are certainly
primed to think violence is happening
but since there's no violence that
anybody could think of that anybody
could do I don't I don't know I I
suppose if well let me ask you
this
um I'm seeing some things going by in
the comments that look important but I'm
not sure
yet yeah uh oh it was dated 2022 okay it
was an old
article got it
so Harry enton at CNN says Trump is up
one in Michigan Pennsylvania Wisconsin
is that the blue wall and uh Biden was
up five in the last election so that's
bad for
Democrats uh Independents were plus 11
for Biden at this time but now they're
only plus two for Harris basically every
poll that's moving is moving toward
Trump even if slightly so all movement
is toward Trump
everywhere so Democrats are obviously
prepping Plan B
assassination Ras and plan of not
certifying or
jailing jailing
Trump even the LA Times didn't in
endorse
Harris so the uh the editorials editor
resigned because the LA Times refused to
endorse Harris and I guess she thought
they should uh and then it was on social
media and Star Wars actor Mark Hamill uh
he tried to be helpful and so he posted
that he was going to cancel his he
canceled his subscription to the LA
times and then the editorial editor who
resigned over it uh had to remind him um
no we still want the employees to have
jobs so you're not really helping me
Mark
Camel Mark Hamel is not
helping all right my my favorite comment
on the Internet by the way the LA Times
used to run
bilbert and the LA Times censor
Dilbert uh when it was rated totally G
uh dilber got censored in the LA times
more than any other newspaper in the
world they they were the most censorious
woke uh entity just complete editorial
garbage but uh they they shouldn't last
that long so James Carville uh wrote an
article with the three reasons that
Harris will win uh the first reason was
some dumb drunk stupid second
reason was some idiotic word salid
garbage and the third reason was the
average of the two it was ridiculous but
here is the reason I'm mentioning James
Carville somebody named Marco Roso on X
referred to him as Fire Marshall
Bill and once you see
it Fire Marshall Bill now if you don't
know that reference that's a Jim Carrey
character from million years ago where
he was a burn victim
and there is something about Carville
that looks like Fire Marshall
Bill oh oh they're sending their best
meanwhile uh
Microsoft this one is hilarious
Microsoft believes that they've uh
discovered that Russia is trying to
influence our elections of
course and they're doing their
worldclass memes to do it
so here's here's a description of one of
the world class uh world changing memes
that are coming out of the r the alleged
Russian uh attempt to sway our
elections uh they put out a a deep fake
or basically just a fake a meme that
suggested that uh the Kamala Harris uh
had been illegally poaching in zomia
so according to
Microsoft and we're supposed to believe
this is true the the nation of Russia
put its best people together and they
said you've got to you've got to
influence that election in America how
are we going to do it boss well you're
going to do some memes that are so
strong it's going to change everything
yeah yeah and then they come back and
they say we got this meme we made a
video that accuses K Harris of illegally
poaching in
Zombia and then Putin
says um I'm going to have to execute you
and your entire family
because uh that's not even really let's
put it this
way if you could imagine the best meme
maker in the world as say like a 10 and
a 10 and then you could imagine that the
there are other people who are just
pretty good at it there eights and nines
and then there are people like me who
are just you know playing with it and we
can hit a seven or eight on a good
day um if you're in uh college and
you're just playing around with these
things you could hit a six or
seven if you're in high school and
you're doing a high school project you
could probably do a four or five and a
10 powerful
meme uh this one's like a point two
point2 and a
10 how in the world does Microsoft think
we're going to believe that the Mighty
the mighty uh nation of Russia couldn't
come up with a better way to control our
election than making a fake-looking
video that nobody saw accusing KL Harris
of poaching in
Zombia do you remember what I said when
um the news quite illegitimately told
you that
uh I'm looking at some memes that are
going by there pretty funny um do you
remember when the the news told you that
Russia influenced the election with with
all their meme work from the troll farm
and then if you looked at the actual
memes they looked like children had made
them they couldn't have possibly
influenced any election anywhere and uh
they just don't show you the memes so
that you don't know that the claim is so
obviously wrong like I don't know if
they came from Russia but if they did it
wasn't they weren't really trying very
hard anyway so that's that's what's
happening so that ladies and
gentlemen is uh the end of my prepared
comments uh I should tell you that I've
accepted an invitation by Jen yuger of
The Young Turks to discuss why I think
Trump is a good idea for election and
he'll have the opposite opinion um
that's not tonight though tonight I
believe he's having a show with some
other people he's talking to uh and that
was his original idea to do it tonight I
couldn't make that schedule but he did
agree to have me on his show on Monday
that will be 800m Eastern Time on The
Young Turks and uh you'll get to see me
talking to Jen who I appreciate a lot
for his uh flexibility and openness and
willing to have that conversation we
probably don't agree on too
much but you might be
surprised I'm saying that all hope is
lost probably
not I do think the election is going to
be too big to
rig I think it will be very obvious it
was rigged and we may be very close to
what I'll call the best case
scenario the best case scenario
would be that the election is rigged
massively and we uncover it right
away that that would be the ultimate the
ultimate would be they do cheat and we
cach them we catch them and it's just so
obvious that even the media can't cover
it up anymore that's what we
need um and then the golden age is
completely Unleashed because if we don't
get past this idea that our elections
you we have to trust our elections we're
not there we got to get past that and
we've got to get the uh pirate ship of
Highly qualified people in that can make
a difference I saw it was it I think
Bill Amman was talking about this that
Trump's the only one talking about
growth uh Harris is talking about an
opportunity economy which sounds more
like equity which doesn't sound like
growth Trump is saying we got to grow
our way out of it and I've got the
smartest entrepreneur in the world Elon
Musk who's going to cut our costs if you
do those two things we might survive cut
costs by re-engineering government it
won't be just cuts it's got to be
re-engineered the whole rethought from
ground
up and you've got to grow like crazy you
got to get rid of got to get rid of your
regulations you've got to make the
animal spirits Zoom you've got to have
better uh better relationships with
other countries access to uh all the
resources we need
Etc so the golden age is upon us we're
going to have some robots we're going to
have cheap
electricity um the the nuclear energy
field is exploding not in the bad way
it's just there's more of it not
exploding not
exploding and uh if you were to take the
temperature right now
of what it looks like I do believe that
the Democrats are
preparing uh a set of the worst case
scenario Plan B everything from lit by
the way I mean this
literally this is not hyperbole I do
think they're trying to kill
Trump they're trying to kill Trump in my
opinion because I don't see any other
explanation for what they're doing none
so that's real he's going to have good
protection I think he'll I think he will
survive any
attempts uh next they're going to try to
laware him I think the courts will be
too reluctant to do that I think he can
survive the
lawfare and then there's the Rasin plan
to declare him I don't know an
insurrectionist or something but he's
not going to be able to do
that because the public isn't going to
let it happen
now he could
try but um at that point I think
complete civil obedience kicks in now
when I said there's nothing you can do
yeah you can shut down the whole country
if Rasin tries to put uh take Trump out
of it we can shut down the whole country
you can shut down all the trucking we
can shut down the we'll starve the whole
country so if he ask me what will
Republicans do that they could actually
do they will starve the
country they will starve
you you're not going to get food if you
 with this election and I believe
that will really happen now that doesn't
require everybody to be in on it you
don't need a lot of people to stop all
transportation in the United States and
if you stop all Transportation largely
Republican
domain nobody gets
anything so yes we're asking
if you try to with this election
with your little
Shenanigans the Republicans are going to
starve of this country and good luck
getting food so if I were you I would
stock
up because the the odds of A disruption
in the supply chain are really
high so I I've already put in some
supplies I think a few weeks would be
fine like you you should have at least
enough to eat for two weeks so make sure
you got water if you can get an
electrical backup generator that'd be
good we will be
fine of this I'm
sure I'm sure we'll be fine we will work
it out but you should get ready if Ras
and tries something it's got to be
massive and immediate complete Civil
Disobedience we got to just shut down
the roads
basically um I'm hoping nothing like
that happens I'm hoping everything just
goes nice and smoothly but we'll see all
right ladies and gentlemen uh let's go
check the uh stock market see how we're
doing today and uh I will see the uh
locals people in the man cave tonight if
you didn't know that the dilbur calendar
is already for sale but only at the link
dilbert.com that's the only place you
can get it can't get it on online
anywhere else can't get it in bookstores
only at that one place go to dilbert.com
all right I'm going to go talk to the
local subscribers privately so thanks
for joining if you're on xor rumble or
YouTube I'll see you tomorrow same time
same
place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e