bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum Oh mobile hey
there at KGB pantsuit hey ray hey
everybody come on in here it looks like
the Summer of Love does not include
Russia why Russia is not being loved I'm
not sure they've earned it but they're
certainly in the cross hairs
lately let's talk about several topics
in no particular order when the
president suggested having a military
parade I remember saying to myself oh
that's a bad look and but then I said
I'm gonna I'm gonna leave you know open
my final judgement on that so I'm not
going to have a final judgement on the
military parade until I see how it goes
now one of the great things about the
military parade it may be the only great
thing is that you can test it and then
see how it goes if it turns out the
population loves it and they won't you
know they want more of it and it cost
twelve million dollars that I'd say well
twelve million dollars to boost
patriotism you know seems like maybe a
good investment now part of the problem
is that a military parade sounds like a
dictator kind of thing to do even though
the whole point of this has nothing to
do with being a dictator
it's literally honoring the military and
veterans and stuff but it's going to
feel like that to the anti choppers so
that's bad the other part is that
there's a bad contrast here now the
president decided to discontinue the
training missions on the
Korean border as part of the North
Korean you know conversation to get to a
better place and that was going to cost
around twelve million dollars now it's a
complete coincidence that there were two
things that involve military that cost
about twelve thousand dollars but it's a
bad coincidence because it allows the
anti-trump errs to say the following
ridiculous thing they say hey what was
wrong with those military the the war
games with South Korea you know if you
said they were so expensive and we saved
a lot of money why are you using the
same amount of money for this braid well
the the logical reason is that one of
those things was unnecessary and the
other one is not necessary but it might
be useful so comparing the expense of
something that you shouldn't be doing
and it would be counterproductive which
is the war games and saying I'm going to
save money by not doing something that I
shouldn't be doing anyway well that's
how you really save money by not doing
something you didn't want to do the
ultimate way to save money and and the
critics are comparing that to something
that he doesn't want to do and has at
least the potential for some positive of
patriotic feelings I get criticized
quite often for what people imagine and
it's just imagination it's not real that
I never criticized the president's
decision in this case the military
parade to me just feels like a clean
mistake but it's also possible I could
be wrong and we won't have to wait that
long to find out so given that the point
event is to change how people feel and
maybe focus on the good things and
patriotism those are good things and I
can certainly see the I can see the
purpose of that but is the benefit
enough when you have an enemy oppress
which is going to be framing this thing
as the worst thing in the world from day
one if you ask me it's a persuasion
mistake alright so when you those of you
who are my critics if you are tempted in
the future to say why do you just
reflexively agree with the president if
somebody said why am I not sipping
that's a good question that's a really
good question because I have my coffee I
have my vessel I have my container of
beverage my choice is coffee
you should have yours by now too and
it's time for the simultaneous sip oh
sure you don't like me making you wait
for it but on the other hand it makes it
sweeter when I do all right so here are
the following things which I do and have
criticized the president on health care
haven't done enough immigration moving I
think in a good direction in the sense
that we need good border control and
we've got to spend some money to do it
but we're not successful right so
immigration isn't working out the
statues the Confederate statues my
opinion is that they are offensive
decorations and their history is in the
history books that's a good place for it
so I don't agree on statues I could
probably think of several more things I
don't agree oh racism yes race relations
I still give him an F for race relations
I was tempted I raised it to like a
d-minus when he was doing some some
things that look good but I'm not at the
moment I'm just not seeing anything that
looks like a serious effort the Russia
stuff is hard too
this one's hard to grade because the
Russia stuff is such a big body of work
at this point it's several topics that
are all conflated into one
and part of the problem is that we have
so many connections with with Russia
that it's hard it's hard for our small
minds to even grasp the complexity of
all the different Russia stuff going on
but here's what I would suggest I would
suggest that we don't we don't often
have situations where the two movies are
running simultaneously in in really
completed form I mean really complete
movies that are just opposites and they
predict completely different outcomes so
it's time to make your predictions
people the the movie that CNN is
watching is that and their pundits are
all over this so they apparently they've
all gotten the memo that the strongest
anti Trump thing they can say is my god
the only reason he could be he continues
to be so soft on Russia in their opinion
of course there's plenty of counter
factual evidence that he's not being
soft at all but their world their movie
says he's being soft and the only reason
the only reason is that they must have
some compromising you know information
about him now that movie predicts that
going forward Russia will get what it
wants but we will not get what we want
right would you agree that that would be
a fair prediction based on the CNN movie
that's running in all their heads and
they're they're promoting it would
promote it would say that Russia will do
well maybe they just get all the stuff
they want and we don't the alternative
movie and the one that I'm watching is
that President Trump is a negotiator
he's willing to make friends with bad
people in order to get something done we
saw him with North Korea we you know he
probably had to deal with a lot of
unsavory people when he was in his
private life just you know if you're a
builder and
New York City are in menon you get a
deal with some bad people so in my movie
he is a person who deals with bad people
and figures they had to make it
productive and he's good at he is
actually comfortable with bad people you
know more comfortable than the average
person and so in my movie
he is very intentionally and publicly
going soft on russia in other words he's
not pushing them hard and it's
intentional and it's public he's doing
it right in front of you so in other
words he's not he's not hiding that at
least inwards he's being he's being kind
to putin in terms of you know with the
things he could be saying and doing
versus what he is saying and doing now
of course there are still sanctions but
you could argue that's more about
congress right you could say that's not
him that's more congress he has armed
the ukraine but it's not clear that
russia was gonna keep pushing into
ukraine maybe they would have i suppose
if it was easy they would have yeah and
so you could you could make a story that
trump is being very good with them now
if you saw my whiteboard talk from
yesterday you know that the the chess
board has been set up with everything
from north korea requiring russia to
help for the security guarantees the
Middle East Russia has to be productive
in order for Syria Iran Israel
Palestinians for all that to work out
Russia's got to be a productive player
so in my movie
president Trump has offered Putin a
virtual pardon a virtual pardon meaning
he just doesn't focus on the bad things
he has that that Putin either has done
or is alleged to have done there's
probably a combination don't you
imagined that of all the things that rut
that Putin has been accused of probably
most of them are
or true ish but they're probably some
things he's been accused of they're just
ridiculous that would be true of any
leader of his statue but if the things
that are true and has been accused of
yeah those are enough to have a negative
opinion about what might happen when
dealing with him
so my movie predicts the following my
movie predicts that both Russia and the
United States will get serious things
that they wanted we might not be
delighted about the things that Russia
gets but we might be delighted by the
things that happen so for example if
Iran goes the right direction if North
Korea goes the right direction it will
be probably I think you could argue if
President Trump and the next 12 months
got Russia to be a credible partner in
working with his these problem areas and
bringing them to a good place you'd have
to say that was one of the greatest
diplomatic moves of all time that
doesn't mean it will happen it just
means it could be and that we're right
on the brink of making that happen if if
Putin here's the big F in why don't you
fact check me on this because I feel
like I might have some little too much
bias in this opinion but fact check me
this if Putin is a rational player he
will take the opportunity to play well
and he will at least in terms of the
elections back off in terms of the cyber
stuff now we have a controversy from
yesterday in which the president may or
may not have said that Russia is is
still attacking us with a you know cyber
stuff but did you notice that two topics
got conflated there one topic is will
Russia interfere with the
election again which is a special kind
of cyber hijinks right because the the
cyber attacks are a big category and
then the special category is will Russia
go after our elections again it's
probably unrealistic to ask any of the
major powers to stop messing with these
cyber you know cyber defenses of all the
other countries probably Israel is doing
things too it's a lie it's probably
England is doing cyber things with its
allies probably Russia is doing things
well definitely definitely we are doing
things
cyber why is with Russia but if the
president said look here's a bright red
line if you screw with our elections
it's all off everything's off alright if
you screw with our election all bets are
off now I'd I haven't heard a claim with
evidence that they're still they're
still attempting to mess with our
democratic process specifically it has
anybody heard that do little
fact-checking on me
is there a claim in the public domain
from Coates or anybody intelligence
services that Russia right now and I
don't know what they would do right now
because the election is a little way off
is there anything the Russians are doing
right now like literally today that is
election related so or is it just
general cyber attacks of which every
country is doing against every other
country allies and enemies alike yeah
coach said Russia is red-hot but against
our election specifically or is it a
general thing we're testing each other's
cyber defenses and trying to get trying
to get entry into their critical systems
just all the time you know
so so I wonder about that I wonder if
it's possible that when the president
said you know he seemed to indicate that
that Russia cyberattacks are under
control was he talking about just the
election part of that because that might
be something that you could get a good
result in it seems to me you could never
get a good result with any country for
example imagine this imagine we went to
England you know we went to the UK and
said look you guys have you know tried
to penetrate our systems we've tried to
penetrate yours you've tried to mess
with our elections maybe we've tried to
do things with you why don't we just not
do it anymore because we're we have a
special relationship and we're the best
of allies you know the UK and us should
never be spying on each other
would that work I contend that it would
not so the thing that people want want
trumpet to do with Russia probably can't
even be done with the UK do you get that
if we went to the UK and said look let's
make a deal
we have a special relationship you will
never never spy on us under any
conditions and we will never never spy
on you under any conditions we will
never penetrate your defenses with our
cyber anything under any conditions I'm
talking about the UK and the u.s. having
a conversation
could we make that deal I don't think so
I think that both sides would walk out
of the room and then the intelligence
agents agencies would say yeah yeah but
we're gonna still do it right
I think we'd still do it I think UK
would do it so it's important to keep
this in context are we asking Russia to
stop doing something that even our
allies won't stop doing I think we are
now if we said to the UK look I know
it's impossible word yeah that we're
gonna stop spying on each other but
could we just limit the things that we
agreed not to do is that you don't mess
with our elections like that's a big red
line and even you United Kingdom even
you France even you Germany even you
Israel are best friends if you mess with
our elections that's a red line now we
might be able to say that to our allies
and maybe we have it's possible that
we've said look the election is a bridge
too far but I you know in the real world
everybody's going to be trying to
penetrate everybody else could we get a
Russia could we get Russia to agree to
the same deal that our allies our best
friends agree to which is yeah we got
some cyber stuff going in every
direction but let's just leave the
elections out of it maybe maybe but even
then I doubt it so you got to keep in
mind that we're asking Russia to do
something that even our best friends
won't do how likely are we going to be a
hundred percent successful on that not
likely okay
but that said can you get to a point of
mutually assured destruction let me ask
you this if Russia had compromising
information on any president any
president so could be President Trump
could be any of our past presidents no
question number one don't you believe
Russia did have did in fact have
compromising information on all of our
presidents in the past 50 years let me
ask you this question don't you believe
that Russia did have come from
information on every one of our presence
as well as probably our major leaders
not Kennedy except Carter well bad not
now part of that part of the problem is
that Russia can make up compromising
information
what would Russia have to do to take
down let's say Jimmy Carter if Russia
wanted to take down Jimmy Carter with
compromising information all they'd have
to say is you know we had some
conversations with Carter and he said
he'd play with us if we just you know if
we just do this or that Russia can make
up a claim of compromising information
about anybody and ask yourself if Russia
came up with a claim about a political
leader somewhere else
would anybody believe it
and the answer is of course wait'll I
get to the point before you say you're
stupid the people who come just
come on to say you're stupid before I
finish my point wait for the point okay
just wait for the point so here's the
point why is it that we don't
assassinate Putin why don't we
assassinate it haven't we had lots of
opportunities to assassinate him I mean
he was just in public how hard could it
be to assassinate Putin probably pretty
easy right how hard would it be for
Russia to assassinate any of our
presidents if they really really wanted
to probably easy
I would think pretty easily why is it
that the major powers pretty much stay
away from assassinating each other
there's a reason that we don't
assassinate leaders we're not even
trying to assassinate the Ayatollah
we're probably not trying to assassinate
Kim jong-eun although you know one
imagines we have plans for decapitation
strikes but we're probably not going to
do it
why is that it's because once you cross
that line you're fair game
to the same reason we don't arrest their
diplomats it's because we don't want our
diplomats to get arrested that's why
right so there's a mutually assured
destruction in assassinating a leader of
another country no matter how how much
they had it coming because once you open
that box it all gets out you know once
assassinations on the table it's on the
table what would happen if the Soviet
Union decided to take out a president by
actually revealing some embarrassing
information about their president and
let's say let's say that information was
real it doesn't matter if it's real if
people believe it but let's say it was
real and and it brought down the
president what would we do in the United
States if another country brought down a
president with compromising information
we would take him out we would take out
that country now we might not do it
militarily but we would do it now that
would be the beginning of the end of
that government because if the United
States says look it was risky before and
we certainly would have tried to
overthrow the government of Russia but
let me tell you it doesn't matter which
side you're on if Russia takes out our
government by releasing any kind of
compromising information I'm in favor of
attacking Russia cyber perhaps or baby
you know CIA and maybe it's all hidden
stuff but I would be in favor of
overthrowing the government of Russia if
they overthrew our government through
any form
of compromising information so it seems
to me that the risk of compromising
information it feels bigger than it is
and it's a real good story for the the
anti-trump errs do you know why it's the
greatest attack so the anti-trump errs
have a strong game yeah they're they're
not bad opponents why is claiming that
President Trump is compromised by secret
information that Russia has why is that
claim such a good one in political
political terms what makes that so good
I would I await your answers can't prove
a negative there you go you can't prove
it now what is the other thing that
makes a political accusation sticky what
makes what makes that claim so sticky
what would make confirmation bias swarm
toward that let that claim like moths to
a flame
[Music]
well it's vague it's got that going for
it but here's the thing in the normal
course of working with Russia and you
know we've we've stated that we want to
work with them on a number of topics
around the world in the normal course of
working with them how many times will
would we have to give them something
when they give us something in other
words in other words be nice to them in
order for them to be nice to us in a
variety of different ways the only way
President Trump can succeed is by
walking into the confirmation bias trap
in other words the anti-trump irse have
created a situation where the only way
we can get to denuclearizing North Korea
the only way we can get to a good
solution with Iran is by getting rid of
President Trump because in order for him
to get good things on those topics he
needs to he needs Russia to do good
things and in order for them to do good
things Russia we've got to be nice to
them probably in a variety of ways to
get the best result if we are nice to
Russia in any way and you saw what
happened at the press conferences after
the summit if if the president even in
words alone forget about actions but if
only in words alone the president is
diplomatic with Russia it will look
exactly like what the anti-trump errs
were claiming there it is there it is
he's being nice with Russia will it help
that Perot jumpers will say yeah he's
being nice with Russia he's being
diplomatic because we're getting this
other stuff that's way more important
than that would that argument ever win
the day never
so being being logical being right being
on the right side won't help a bit
because the anti-trump errs have set a
trap with this with this claim of he
must be compromised because there's no
other reason you would ever be
diplomatic with Russia it's a good trap
now if you ask me how do you get out of
this trap I would say it's pretty hard
it's pretty hard so Russia if you're
listening and I'm pretty sure you are
Russia you have one way out of this trap
because this is your trap - right keep
in mind that the trap that the
anti-trump errs and the entire left are
setting for trump is that if he's nice
in any way through Putin then it must be
compromising material and it's the only
explanation that trap is bad for Russia
- because it creates a situation where
the president can't be nice to them and
also get reelected also have a good
result in the midterms
you know maybe get impeached if he's too
nice so the president's got a big
problem but Russia has just as big a
problem if not bigger all right
Russia has a big problem in that the
United States can't be nice to them in
public because you know what we'll lose
our president if we do now what should
what is the only way out of this trap
because it's an excellent trap you know
again I remind people who are new to
this when people say to me why do you
always say you're president Trump is so
great persuader but you know you know
why are you always just saying he's the
only good persuader and here I'm saying
that the anti Trump errs have have the
better play at the moment and it's a
very trumpian play because what Trump
does is he creates a frame that's going
to attract confirmation bias when he
framed low-energy Jeb it made you
certainly look at Jeb in a different way
and then no matter what Jeb did do you'd
say well that's more low-energy stuff
there so they just did the same play
with Trump which is they've got this
vague unprovable and unfalsifiable
acclaim that he that Russia has some
information about him and of course
there will be situations where we have
to be yet at least diplomatic with
Russia so what is the one and only way
out of this Russia if you're listening
you're gonna have to step up really step
up meaning that Putin is gonna have to
do something that is so unambiguously
good for America unambiguously like
really make a big difference in North
Korea really make a big difference with
Iran if he if he can do those things and
by the way those are easily within his
power wouldn't you say wouldn't you say
it would be a fairly easy thing for
Russia to step up and say yeah we're
strong on these security guarantees we
want to denuclearize North Korea and
really get on board and in in Iran
there's
you know concrete things they could do
now it's the only way out so there's
nothing that Trump can do to get end of
this trap the anti-trump errs have
created a trap that Trump cannot get out
of on his own only Putin can help Trump
out of this trap by doing something big
really see his taxes would be the worst
idea in the world
it would just be a whole bunch of new
targets created for people who don't
understand how taxes and business works
yeah releasing his taxes worst idea in
the world should never do that so you
know one of the one of the weird things
about having Russia in the Middle East
is that they're somewhat atheist you
know not completely of course but
they're they don't seem to have a
religious side so I think that makes it
easier for them to deal with Israel deal
with the Americans the Christians deal
with the Muslims the the Russians are in
a weird situation where they're yeah I
realize that they have a religion but
they're they're not really branded that
way the Muslims in the Middle East will
still hate anybody who isn't Islamic but
I think the Russians are closer to the
Sun kind of a neutral place than other
countries would be and so they could be
productive all right now when I say to
you only Russia can help Trump out of
his problem I don't mean that in a
collusion kind of way I mean that that's
just the situation if Russia doesn't
step up and they don't step up strong
and then it will step up right away and
that probably involves some flexibility
in eastern Ukraine and maybe other
places but if they don't do that
you know I imagine for example that they
could say look we promise that we won't
be poisoning any dissonance
now they'd never do that that one will
never happen because it's always useful
for your dissidents to think they might
get poisoned so so Russia is never gonna
claim they won't poison their dissonance
you could forget about that one
so there's your situation the only way
Putin can help himself and he's in a
tight spot is by helping President Trump
it's the only way
Russia can only help itself by helping
President Trump and we don't believe
that Putin is insane
nobody has claimed that Putin is crazy
right so that's the good news
as long as he's in control and he's
rational there is one path that's good
and then there's a whole bunch of paths
that are just totally terrible so let's
see if he picks the right one now he's
vindictive if blah blah
certainly their personal feelings are
part of the part of the questions but if
if two people only have one way to a
good result and they're both smart and
capable they should be able to find it
so I think there's a bit of a waiting
game because it's going to take a little
bit for Russia to do anything productive
I would say and let's see if you're
let's see if you're with me on this the
United States has has given Russia some
space to become productive so they've
given them the the political space to do
that and the president has taken all the
heat for that what would you feel most
of your Trump supporters how would you
feel if the president gave Putin space
and then Russia just absolutely turned
around and screwed us let's say that
they absolutely do interfere with the
election in that midterm is maybe 2020
what would you say to that what what
should be the United's
state's response to that yeah we go hard
at them sanctions deal with it then yeah
of course you deal with it then yeah
it's hammer time so Russia needs to know
that their their improved brand at least
among Republicans is highly conditional
right we do not have unconditional love
for Russia nobody has that it is
conditional upon them doing things which
are good for this country period so if
they if they mess with our electioned if
they are not productive in North Korea
and the Middle East if they try to
invade another country it's time to turn
off the spigot the first thing I would
do is I would stop the German pipeline
that's the first thing I would do now
you say to yourself well the United
States can't really stop the German
pipeline right sure we can't yes we can
the United States can absolutely stop
the German pipeline if you don't think
we can do that you're not paying
attention because that pipeline is going
to blow up a few times it might look
like other people did it but if the
United States wants to stop the German
pipeline it's done we just have to want
to do it
remember I've taught you the difference
between wanting and deciding so far
president Trump has decided a wish a
want hey Germany I wish it I want that
you would not build this pipeline
because this this seems like a conflict
if you know why do we have NATO if
you're building a pipeline and becoming
dependent on the people we're trying to
protect you against so he has a wish in
a what if if this is big F if Russia
screws our president
in a way that all of us you know
recognize is the truth and that might
take some take some convincing right but
if they did something that we recognize
as the truth the United States is going
to stop that pipeline and that's just
the beginning there's going to be a lot
more pain for Russia after that but the
pipeline is done right because then it
would be a common decision that decision
hasn't been made the United States has
not decided to stop the pipeline but
would it be expensive for us to do that
in other words would Germany be pissed
at us for a generation maybe maybe
that's the difference between deciding
to do something and wanting to do it if
you want to do something you say to
yourself yeah you know we don't want to
piss off Germany that would be like a
horrible thing to do right but if you've
decided you've already decided to take
all the consequences and I think we
should just decide that if if Russia
screws us after being given this opening
we stopped the pipeline now how do you
stop it probably lots of ways you know
there's probably more than one way and
some of them are you know some of them
are spiced off some of them are military
some of them are economic sanctions or
we could just close down Germany if we
wanted and not not literally but I mean
the you could put pressure on Germany to
the point where the pipeline doesn't
make any sense anymore you could kick
you could kick Germany and NATO because
or at least you could you could have
hearings on kicking Germany out of NATO
imagine that I probably wouldn't
happened but imagine calling for a
hearing to kick Germany and they know
now this is only in the situation that
Putin screws us right so it's still wait
and see right but I think Russia can't
underestimate how completely pissed the
right will be
it's one thing to piss off the left
right so right now Russia is pissed off
to the left
that's not very dangerous would you
agree with me on that pissing off the
left in this country it's not terribly
dangerous because there's not really the
the military part of the country right
right now he has a little bit of
goodwill which is decreasing rapidly
with the right but if he screws the
right this time all bets are off and I
would be in favor of just shutting out
Russia from any kind of international
commerce forever just shut him off
because here's the thing you say to
yourself well there are a nuclear power
you got to play well with them no we
don't know we don't I would shut down
their economy and with some of their
nuclear weapons might you know might be
released and I would say yeah we'll deal
with that so that's the difference
between deciding and wanting so if we
decide and the rights gonna decide if we
get screwed this time the rights gonna
decide to shut down Russia one way or
another all right
so Russia if you're listening it doesn't
matter what you heard from any of our
leaders because the leaders work for us
us collectively right we will vote them
out if you screw us and they don't if
they don't act aggressively to shut you
down completely and forever we're gonna
vote out those we're sorry I
didn't mean to sweet we will vote out
Trump we will vote out pence we will
vote out Bernie will vote out anybody
you fricking need to get voted out
Russia if you screw us we're coming for
you and I'm talking about the public
because the public owns the the the
government that wasn't always the case
but with our social media
social media reality social media does
move the government and it moves it
pretty directly and pretty quickly so
you don't want the left and the right to
be on the same side right now Russia
you've got a good situation you've got
the left and the right sort of a little
bit at least in some areas at odds with
each other
when it comes to Russia stuff but you
wouldn't take much it wouldn't take much
for the left and the right to unite and
you don't want to see that all right
am I wrong by the way am I wrong that if
Russia screws us now when we've given
them this opening it's gonna be it's
gonna be the worst problem Russia's ever
had somebody says that's that's a little
naive Scott whoever tells me it comes on
to this complicated topic and says
you're a little bit may you you've scuff
you're a little bit naive thank you for
being completely worthless thank you for
spending your time to make a comment
that has no value to anybody why do you
do that
did it feel good to to say in public
you're dying you scoff you're naive you
know that if you give me a reason I will
deal with the reason I might agree I
might disagree I'm willing to look to
look at a better argument I'm actually
willing to say well I only think the
odds of this are better
maybe you think the odds of another
thing are better and I will recognize
that but you're know you've got the
things you don't know you're so angry
let's acknowledge that none of us are
freaking Russia experts none of us are
Russia experts we're certainly not
international
you know geopolitical experts or
basically you know beginners so if I got
something wrong I would hope you just
tell me
and then maybe I can fix it but you know
I don't know what's going through your
head to just come up here and hurl an
insult about how much I know about the
topic when I would tell you I don't know
that much about the topic but you know
who else doesn't know about this topic
whoever said you're naive Scott all
right I'm not mad that somebody's coming
after me
I'm mad at how unproductive it is that's
what makes me bad you know you've seen
me be the subject of untold attacks and
trolls and Nazis and everything else so
you see you've seen me you know
withstand immense barrage of attacks and
they don't really bother me like I don't
take them personally but when somebody
is so unproductive even for themselves
like who benefited by that all right
Randolph what other things are we having
here all right so let me summarize by
saying that you've got two competing
movies in one movie president will just
do whatever Russia wants until he gets
impeached against and in the other movie
Russia will either quickly and invisibly
do things that we need them to do to get
other good side and keep the progress
going or they will screw us and the
president with the backing of the people
will shut them down hard just take out
their economy and the pipeline goes
first can we have an agreement let's
agree that the pipeline asks stops if if
Russia screws with us because if Russia
screws with this its NATO all the way
you know it's double down on NATO right
yeah the pipeline is done if they screw
us it would have to be something that
you could you know demonstrably feel
comfortable you
that it really happened somebody says
disagree
I saw one disagree and that would be
interested that one this in this context
just saying disagree within reason is
fine because I asked you you know yes or
no but if if somebody has a reason for
the why the pipeline shouldn't be the
first that would be interesting I'd like
to hear it
Russia is nearly broke are they you know
I'm never I'm never confident that we
can tell who's really broke because
right now if you believe that North
Korea is crumbling Iran's economy is
currently and Russia is crumbling their
economy but they still stay in power it
feels like it feels like the crumbling
economy is not as important as it should
be we read so somebody said not possible
to take out the pipeline because Germany
would you would disagree I don't think
we have tested have much pressure we
could put on Germany of that question
all right thank you for your feedback
and I will talk to you all tomorrow