bump bump bump oom-pah-pah hey everybody
come on in here we're already having fun
without you
which probably makes you want to get in
here even more so come on in and grab
your cup your mug your vessel your glass
and join me for what is going to be the
simultaneous sip as soon as we get to a
thousand users that's when we sip watch
the number so you can coordinate 900 get
ready do you have your coffee run run if
you don't have it yet still time just a
few more seconds get ready for the
simultaneous if you're a cow yes alright
I got a couple of fun topics today one
is most of you saw the story about
President Trump said something off the
record about negotiating with Canada to
the effect of we were gonna get it
everything our way and give them nothing
and it did not leak from the original
people but somebody overheard it and
that somehow was a workaround to the
off-the-record comment or something none
of that really matters what matters is
people's interpretation of it and I want
to add something to that so that the
debate seems to be around did he do it
intentionally was he intentionally
thinking people would would report it
even though it was off the record
yeah was it calculated or was he just an
idiot so those seem to be the two
options that people are putting forward
it's like well you know he'd be dumb
you'd have to be dumb to think that you
wouldn't be quoted even if you said off
the record
you just have to be dumb or well he knew
he would be misquote he knew he would be
quoted so therefore it was all
calculated I'm going to suggest that
you've left out two possibilities if you
think those are the only possibilities
you've forgotten two of them I wouldn't
say forgotten you may not be aware of
the other two so let me tell you the
other two possibilities then compare
them to your prior opinion that he did
it intentionally part of a strategy or
he's just an idiot who wasn't paying
attention and should have known better
the first other possibility is that he's
a normal person acting in a normal way I
know weird right and here's my insight
on that personally I have been
interviewed I don't know how many times
I'm going to say five hundred to a
thousand times in my career I've been
interviewed on the record now many times
in those conversations on the record I
will remember some times to say oh this
is off the record but but how many times
have I said things on the record just
because I didn't remember to say this is
off the record
well it turns out that it's very easy to
just forget people are listening even if
you're talking about really confidential
stuff you get used to being on the
record so the first thing you don't know
if you haven't been in that situation is
that you can say things on the record
very easily that you don't realize you
just get used to being on the record and
then you say things you shouldn't say so
one possibility is that he's a normal
person he knew that being off the record
wasn't good enough but he just sort of
forgot now would that be stupid well
the only thing I can tell you is that I
feel like I'm pretty smart but I've made
that mistake maybe a hundred times it's
the most easy mistake to make he asked
anybody who does this for a living and
if it's fairly common by the way for a
reporter to come over and say can I
spend the day with you that's an
ordinary request four people were in the
public eye and if you spend a few hours
with somebody talking about a whole
range of stuff you very easily forget
that everything you say it could be
printed so the first possibility is he
yeah there's always a risk of being
quoted even if you were off the record
but he just forgot that would be the
most normal explanation of what happened
here's another explanation
he didn't care so you're leaving out
you're leaving out the option of yeah it
might get reported it might not don't
care so it didn't have to be a strategy
it didn't have to be that he wanted to
tell Canada that he was going to
negotiate tough it could be it just
didn't matter that you know if they
heard it they would probably say yeah
that's what we think he is thinking or
or a lot they're not going to really do
anything differently so just just know
that there are at least four
possibilities for explaining it and if
we're not in his mind we can't really
know which one it is but if I had to
guess it's some combination of didn't
really matter and he wasn't really
thinking about it being reported because
he just sort of was talking naturally
and and after a while you just start
giving away secrets if you're talking
naturally all right so enough on that
the other big story I haven't talked
about yet is there was some study
showing that the big social media
companies I think it was about Google it
showed that by how it handled its search
results the algorithm it employed that
it could move people's opinions say two
percent so that if you have a big
national political topic in effect
Google and the other tech giant's can
decide what the outcome will be if it
was going to be close by its nature now
first of all do you believe that
does it sound realistic to you that the
tech companies literally are the ones
who decide what the law is because we
don't really hear about stuff where it's
three to one against something or three
to one in favor of something in those
cases it either easily becomes a law or
we don't hear about it because nobody
cares or not enough people care but in a
in a situation where that the question
is closed and look how many core topics
that is we have a lot of topics that are
closed especially in the national
election can the tech companies move the
needle enough to make a difference well
keep in mind that there's more than one
tech company so you got your Facebook
your Twitter your Apple in some ways and
Google now if those companies were not
moving the public in the same direction
they would cancel each other out a
little bit but we're in a weird world
where they're all on the same side
politically they're all they're all left
leading so and begging as well so what
does that really mean in terms of who's
running the world because let me say
this as clearly as possible the
government is no longer in charge except
where we don't care like picking up the
garbage
stuff you know there are a lot of topics
where the the public just doesn't really
care one way or the other the
government's in charge of the stuff we
don't care about and the government's in
charge of things that were all on the
same side so if for example the
government were attacked the public
would quite quickly galvanize around the
government and we'd all be on the same
side yeah defend ourselves go attack
that country that attacked us so on the
big stuff it's not really the government
in charge either right because the
people tell the government what to do
and the government just executes and
then the little stuff we just don't care
it's the it's the stuff where we
disagree and it's kind of close that is
a real governing part that's the part
that government actually has to do let
me say this as clearly as possible those
days are gone we no longer live in a
world where the government makes
decisions tech companies are doing that
the tech companies are making the
decisions for you if the tech companies
wanted a decision they just make it
happen now I'm not saying that they're
consciously doing that and I'm not
saying that there's a management
decision to do it I'm saying that the
result of the type of business model
they have their size the fact that they
leave left the fact that any gray area
is going to end up leaning left in their
algorithm essentially puts them in
charge for all of the decisions that
matter the ones that were going to be
close that is not hyperbole and here's
the part that's important this is not
science fiction I'm not talking about
something that's in the future I'm
talking about already happened and has
been the case for a while in a literal
sense there's no I'm not using an
analogy I'm not using a metaphor I'm not
talking about anything that's out
outside of the perfect channel
of reality that we're all sharing in
this case in this case we all share it
in reality the tech companies are
running the country on the decisions
again only on the decisions that were
going to be closed now you might ask
yourself uh-oh what does that really
mean does it mean that Jack Dorsey is
running the country with Zuckerberg with
you know with Google's head and an Apple
CEO or are they running the world and
the answer is probably not exactly that
if if big companies if those big
companies are like every other big
company what it looks like is that
there's probably some kind of a team
that works on different elements of
their algorithm and their search results
and their you know their ads and
everything else so it's probably a
fairly largest group who all have input
and it's it might be a different input
maybe this one has done some tests this
one's from marketing this one's you know
doing some graphics whatever and then
there's some engineers who are actually
coding it and among the engineers who
are coding it there that they're sort of
the last safety check right because it
wouldn't matter what anybody else did if
the if the coders were rogue and they
got the code whatever they wanted or if
they could code and nobody was checking
you know then that would be dangerous
but probably there are a number of
people who can see the algorithm and
know enough about it
and know enough programmatically that
they can look at the code and say okay
that's either biased or unbiased or or
whatever it's also possible that even
the people who are coding it can't tell
because there are a lot of unintended
consequences of every variable they move
I'm not sure that they could they could
even tell but my guess is there might be
one person in each of the tech companies
who gets too
sign off on any change to the algorithm
but does that person who signs off
actually understand what he or she is
signing off - is that a boss because the
boss might not be able to look at the
code and know what they're looking at so
it's possible that even the tech
companies don't have a single person
within them who actually understands
their own algorithm that's very possible
in fact I'd say it's far more possible
than the alternative which is that
there's some people who know exactly
what's going on with the algorithms I
think there are too many variables for
anybody to actually know but the effect
of it is because it's a lot of
left-leaning people who are making a lot
of decisions and assumptions and
tweaking of variables almost certainly
they're moving the needle left ok you
know that the sum of their decisions is
seems to be the case now what can you do
about that
because essentially the the brain of the
country has just moved from the
government and the voters over to the
tech companies what's the solution well
the solution is somebody like a hundred
year flood kind of a personality like
President Trump
President Trump among his many other
qualities and features is completely
screwing up the tech giant's control
over the public mind and the way he does
that is he exploits their business model
so the business model of these companies
depends on attention and he can he can
control attention because of his
specific skill set like nobody ever has
and when I say nobody ever has it might
be actually literally nobody I mean it
could be an exaggeration I can't tell
but he might be better at this than
anybody he ever has
been good at this because of his
specific path to where he is he's been a
reality TV show star he's been a
billionaire he's been a celebrity for
four decades so he has a really unique
skillset and that allows him to short a
circuit what the tech companies would be
able to do if he didn't exist there is
no other Republican that I can think of
who could have made any difference to
how the tech companies are ruling now
what is the response from the tech
companies to the president and his
followers because if the president
didn't have followers or the President's
message couldn't get to his followers
and they couldn't share it with other
followers well then he wouldn't have
much of an impact and so that's the
essence of this the big discussions that
are upcoming about alleged censorship of
conservatives by the tech companies is
that if they're doing that they're
taking the only check and balance that
the system has the only check and
balance we have on our current system of
government oh did you think the current
system of government was Congress of the
President and the judiciary
did you think that was our system of
government if you did you're about five
years and a date because as I just
explained those entities don't really
make the tough decisions anymore they
simply do what the public moves them to
do and the public is moved in a large
part by the algorithms of the tech
companies so what is the check and
balance on the tech companies now you
say to yourself well Congress right
because Congress could go in and change
the rules and take some power away from
the tech companies nope
too late it's probably too late because
Congress answers to the public
Congress answers to the public who does
the public answer to well they think
they answer to themselves but they don't
there is their influenced in great
extent by the algorithms of the tech
companies so the tech companies are in
charge of the only entity that could be
their check which is Congress Congress
could be their check but they're
controlled by the tech companies both in
their funding and you know there they
have personal relationships that's part
of it but they're the tech companies
ability to change the public's opinion
is what makes Congress neutered in terms
of being able to be the check and
balance so we are already in a world in
which free will is largely irrelevant if
it if it existed if there was ever such
a thing as free well and of course I've
always doubted it it doesn't matter as
much as it ever did no it matters less
than it ever did and maybe it doesn't
matter at all because the tech companies
can move are free well what we think is
our free will in the direction that they
want it yes I think it is time for
another simultaneous sip because your
minds are right now I feel like worms
are crawling on them and and you're
wishing I would stop saying this stuff
simultaneous up
so what is the defense what is the
defense against the government and the
free will of the people essentially
being turned over to the tech companies
which also means that eventually those
opinions will be turned over to AI did
you hear that the tech companies will
eventually rework themselves to the
point where it's not humans running the
tech companies it will be AI after a
while
AI will tweak their algorithm AI will
make decisions now people might get to
be the ones who sign off on them but
they're going to take the recommendation
of the AI because they can't check its
work so if the AI says change the
algorithm this way you'll get more money
what's the human gonna do say no I don't
like more money nope the AI is going to
tell the humans and the tech companies
to sign off and whatever change they
made to the algorithm at that point AI
will control the world now there might
be a few different a eyes you know
Facebook might have one and Google might
have one but if they're all leaning left
those a eyes will be built by people
leaving left and they will take on the
personality of the humans who created
them they will be built in the image
yeah that's what I said
ai will be created in our image but not
necessarily my image it'll be created in
the image of the people who created it
who are left leaning now if you think
that the world should lean left that's a
pretty good situation it'll get there
faster and there's nothing you can do
about it what is the one and only
defense the civilization has against
what I just described which is a
complete transfer of power from human
beings
to AI which we're already we're you know
I don't like to say slippery slope but
we're on a train heading 60 miles an
hour right at it there's almost nothing
I can imagine that would stop that from
happening
yeah even even an EMP even a war as long
as not everything was just destroyed it
would just rebuild back to this point
fairly quickly
I believe there's only one escape a
master persuader
but not just any master persuader
because it would be have to be somebody
who was so powerful in inability to move
people's opinions that it could be an
even match for the biggest tech
companies the biggest companies the
collection of the smartest people in the
galaxy the tech companies have the
smartest people in the galaxy and
they're all on the same side on the
other side is a lot of people who don't
matter because they're not very
persuasive
they're just politicians there's the
public that doesn't have enough of a
platform to make a difference there is
only one person in the entire galaxy who
can change this equation president Trump
he's the only person who has a big
enough platform and big enough that
nobody can take it away from him
Trump will not be kicked off the social
media platforms if he did that's you
know that's civil war and because he's
also pushing back against the
left-leaning tech companies and because
they can't turn him off and because he's
the most influential and persuasive
person we've ever
see you know probably a thousand-year
personality it's sort of an even fight
right now so there is only a one check
left the only check left to give us
balance in the new system that we've
evolved to is one person what is
everybody on the Left trying to do
they're trying to remove that one person
from office now you think the questions
are about Russia and Putin and you think
it's about you know allegations of you
know money this and who lied and who did
this you think it's all about that stuff
and you know I'm not saying none of that
stuff matters but it's sort of a
head-fake this is a total power play and
he is the last remaining safety the last
remaining control on something that
looks like public control of their
country
if Trump goes and we are left with pence
or anybody else you will have lost the
only check you had on the tech companies
running the world
now if the tap companies lost their only
remaining obstacle which is the
president what would happen well even
people on the same general side might
they might end up being a little bit
opposed to each other because that's
just the way it works right now the
president is sort of a common enemy but
if he left office or Gary just times out
of his office the tech companies might
start to oppose each other because
that's just the way of the world but
they're still left-leaning and it might
be that the AI that certainly will be
running one of the big companies
could just extend and you might have won
AI that controls the other AIS or is the
yes the master persuader AI that
controls the other ones so somebody so
somebody saying that this is a bit too
hyperbolic if I could give you one
important concept that's the hardest one
to believe is that what I'm talking
about is not only not hyperbolic it's
the current situation you don't have to
wonder if this could happen it already
happened what you're thinking about as
oh my god that's scary that that might
happen now you're missing the point
already happened
you can't go back right there's only one
person standing between our current
system or something like it and the tech
company is essentially running the
government now will the will the
population understand that the tech
companies are actually literally not not
figuratively but literally running the
government will the public ever know
that well probably not they will think
that they voted
they'll think their vote counted they'll
watch people in the news arguing each
other but they'll only get to see what
the tech companies decide they see right
so now if President Trump leaves office
let's say let's say he did give forced
out or it's the end of his term what
then you know is it just a matter of
time if we just wait for the president
Trump era to be over however it ends do
the tech companies just win at that
point well just fast forward six years
in six years
think how powerful the tech companies
will be compared to now there's six
years is a long time in the tech world
so we may have a form of AI by then it
might be an early form it might already
have decided to run the world by then
what if a master persuader on the Left
manipulated tech that's a really good
question and my best answer to that is
it's probably too late
meaning that even if somebody rose on
the left who was influential
I think the tech companies are just too
too established and they're already sort
of on the same side as somebody on the
left so I don't know that we'd even
notice uh-huh well you're a bundle of
joy this morning well here's the here's
why it's important so the the leaders of
some of the tech companies are going to
be talking to Congress this coming week
I think and I want you to know the
stakes I don't know that it's going to
make any difference frankly because
let's can you think of any situation in
which the tech companies would ever or
could ever be fully transparent about
why they surface what ads they service
and why they let you see what you see in
search results and advertisements and
and stuff I don't think that's ever
possible because of the complexity of it
so remember that whenever you see
complexity somebody is getting screwed
that's one of those universal laws
whenever there's complexity somebody's
getting screwed because they can't
penetrate the complexity to know they're
getting screwed so as long as the
algorithms are complicated and I think
that will always be the case the public
will never have any control over them
they may go in and say hey that one
variable change that one variable and
then the people running the running the
algorithms will say sure here I changed
it look you can tell look at it here's
my evidence I changed it just like you
asked but there were 500 other elements
maybe they've changed a little bit in
the mean time if you know what I mean so
I think the complexity makes regulation
probably impossible as just as a not
politically but functionally I think I
don't think you could have a regulation
of something with that complexity outlaw
algorithms mmm I don't know if that's
possible or practical or desirable I'd
have to think about that you know
because it would it would be such an
intrusion into the way companies run I
don't know if you could do that only two
ways government research itself or AI of
the right emerges oh that's an
interesting idea what if there was an AI
on the right well the problem is that if
there's an AI that's sort of running
Google someday that's got the whole
power the body if you will of Google as
the reach of Google etc so if there were
an AI on the right it would need a body
you know you would need a structure a
corporation an organization for which to
have arms and legs and you know throw
things to screens and have people watch
it so it wouldn't be enough just to have
an AI that had a right-leaning
personality and so I've suggested before
and I'll say it again that if if we're
trying to imagine what this future with
artificial intelligence that's super
intelligent and could easily manipulate
us if we're trying to imagine what that
looks like in the future
I would imagine that there's at least
some possibility that the AI of the
future needs a conscience and that the
conscience could be in the form of a
virus so we may someday need to inject a
virus into the Internet to act as a
conscience because AI if if left to its
own devices it might prefer efficiency
and efficiency might tell it to do
something that's very bad for humans
because it wouldn't care but if you
inject a virus into it that acts as a
conscience it gets to that point where
it says hey maybe I'll just kill the
farmers on this land because it's the
only way to use it for something better
then the conscience virus was a bear
bear bear and maybe stop it just
possibly now let me take your mind a
little bit further let's say human
progress continues and let's say the
humans learn to diversify where they
live but still in communication with
each other so let's say the humans start
building giant spaceships that are
self-contained they never they never
need to land on a planet once they have
several of them the odds of human beings
becoming extinct starts dropping towards
zero so once we've diversified our
physical location in other words getting
off of Earth probably humans can go
forever because we'll figure out how to
you know even if let's say one of those
spaceships got a virus that for some
reason in the future we couldn't deal
with it would be contained to that one
spaceship and that means that human
progress probably can last something
like forever
now what would happen if humans evolved
before ever what would that look like
well one thing that would happen for
sure is that we would merge with AI so
one thing that you could say for sure is
that the advantages of AI would somehow
be merged with our human capabilities so
that being human would eventually mean
infinite intelligence because we would
just be merged we'd be cyborgs
essentially and if the AI knew somethin
or could do something we humans would
just sort of natively have that because
when you're born as a baby they go they
put a chip in you and and the baby has
you know AI intelligence by the time
it's eight years old or something so in
that world let's think forward do you
think do you think humans will ever
reach the ability that we can wait for
it 3d print a planet a planet now we
might start with let's say something
that's just a rock that's you know
uninhabited and and not very useful but
imagine humans have evolved its millions
years from now and we take our giant
spaceships and let's imagine that the
spaceship is a hundred times bigger than
the planet we're terraforming it's a
hundred times bigger so that the
spaceship looks like this it's so big
it's got billions of people in the
planet it's just this little planet
because it's millions of years in the
future could we essentially 3d print a
habbit 'el habitable you know
environment probably yes probably yes we
could manipulate the particles that are
already there and probably set it on its
way now if we did that and we had
reached a place where humans lived
forever forever either individually oh
and by the way when humans merge with AI
and and our brains are really
indistinguishable from what the AR AI
part of us can you die because if your
organic parts did expire the AI part of
your brain knows everything you knew
they could live forever just put it in a
robot body and you're essentially
immortal so I think immortality
essentially is guaranteed it the only
the only unknown in this is whether
humans can get off the earth before the
earth is uninhabitable and I like our
odds for that I think we can get off the
earth before it's it uninhabitable so
someday we will be able to create two
worlds what does that sound like to you
what would it be like if the humans had
superior AI they were in contact with
each other no matter where they were in
the universe and they had super
intelligence they could terraform
anything in the universe
humans would become indistinguishable
from what we know as god because they
could actually create life by then they
could create planets and you could
imagine them creating planets just for
their own use in a million years because
once you're AI you might say to yourself
a million years five billion years I'll
still be here I'd better plan for it so
the AI might be terraforming planets
that won't evolve to be fully habitable
for a couple of million years but you
just come back later in the habit now
what would happen if these super
intelligent humans in the future who
were merged with AI can do anything can
change the universe they can think
anything they can give themselves
infinite pleasure just by wanting it
there's nothing left that they can't do
can we get to that point almost
guaranteed it just depends how long you
wait the only thing that would keep us
from becoming godlike for all practical
purposes in our abilities is whether we
can get off the planet now sometime
millions of years in the future we're
off the planet we have godlike abilities
what would we feel like and what would
we want I'm starting to think that we
wouldn't want anything because we
wanting is sort of a human impulse and
by then we'll be more AI than human so
we might we might destroy the universe
just to do it all again so I wrote a
book called gods debris which if you
like this kind of thinking you would
like that book it's called God's debris
I wrote it many years ago and it's sort
of a thought experiment that isn't too
far from what I'm talking about all
right
but in the meantime we are now
controlled by the big godlike brain that
is the tech companies there is one
person who is stopping them from having
complete control
his name is President Trump and that's
all I've got for you today what else is
on your mind
so a few people like this periscope and
a few people are wondering how high I am
I can't remember the last time I got out
of here with that was somebody asking me
how high I am at the moment I'm not high
at all in case you're wondering some
questions about hawk yeah so some of you
know if you watch my Twitter feed hawk
Newsome and I are let's say not in
agreement about his current approach to
making the world a better place I won't
go too far into that but essentially the
the point of disagreement is that Hawks
opinion is that anybody who supports
president Trump is by their actions a
racist now you could argue whether
that's true or not true and I wouldn't
even be interested in that conversation
but I'm more interested in the
conversation of what works and if you
want to make the world a better place
branding one side the side that you
would like to persuade as terrible
people who probably can't be redeemed
probably the most destructive thing you
could ever do so I told hawk on Twitter
that I'm out so I'm I'm disowning I'm
disavowing Hawks opinion not him
personally as a person but I'm
disavowing that opinion and I don't want
to be associated with it in any possible
way I think it was important to have the
conversations that we've had up to this
point I feel like I learned a lot I hope
he got something out of it as well but
in terms of a path forward the idea of
branding one side a bunch of racists is
such a non-starter and so destructive
that I just I can't be associated with
that
anyway and Hawk called me a racist yet
indirectly in the sense that he is
labeled to Trump supporters to be
racists all right
did you reason clearly come through in
140 characters I don't know nothing
about are--those funeral well I I have a
sort of the macro comment so at the I'm
the same weekend we were watching
Senator McCain and Aretha Franklin being
laid to rest what I loved about it is
the amount of unity and respect that
both of them got say it would be hard to
imagine two more different people right
if you are judging McCain and Aretha
Franklin on on just the you know the
demographics of this the surface stuff
you can't imagine two more different
people but look what both of those
people managed to do in their own way
they both managed to get everybody to
talk nice be nice be in the same room
get on the same side for a weekend it's
a tremendous accomplishment so I have
much respect for those two people for
you know that much of what they did
I don't defend anybody's entire life so
you know don't ask me to but on that one
point they certainly brought people
together now the bigger point is more of
an oddity which is it seems to me that
the number of famous people in the world
is getting greater every day because we
live in the world where we can surface
famous people pretty quickly so when I
was born there were there were famous
people of course but the total quantity
of famous people was let's say this
many it was mostly people who were on TV
and movies now now the number of famous
people is most of them those same people
because a lot of them are still alive
plus all of the famous people we've
added so the total quantity of famous
people is really high right now higher
than it's ever been and they're gonna
start dying you know we're seeing that
already we're very worse we may be
entering a phase where there's a famous
person dying every single day it feels
like we're approaching that place right
just and it's just the numbers there are
just so many of them because we make so
many people famous now that there are
only 365 days in the year they can't
live forever we're gonna have something
like a famous person die every day and
you know we're going to have famous
death burn out probably probably in your
lifetime all right could McCain have
been brainwashed in captivity the let me
answer the question without making
reference to McCain's specifically which
I feel would be inappropriate on the
weekend of his funeral there is such
thing as brainwashing and there is such
a thing as people being brainwashed now
beyond that I don't have any special
information about McCain I haven't seen
any signs that anything like to happen
but if you're asking the general
question if you control somebody's you
know sleep and food and what they can
access you know they're literally a
prisoner and you have enough time yeah
you can you can rewire them to be almost
anything you want if if it's your
mission if you try hard now the odds of
that happening to McCain low I think low
alright I'm just looking at your
comments and I think we've said all we
need to say for today well thank you I'm
glad you liked this one and I will talk
to you tomorrow