oh hey everybody come on in here it's
time for coffee with Scott Evans that's
me and you probably know who you are so
that's enough for the introductions
let's get on to the main event a little
thing I call the simultaneous sip and it
works like this you grab your copy mug
your glass your a container your tanker
to your Stein
you're jealous if you will the thermos
or a flask will do fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now off for the simultaneous scent oh
that's good that's good stuff I'm gonna
check here to see who is asking to join
as guess alright it's not working
so we got lots to talk about lots to
talk about let's start with my favorite
story of the day President Trump
released information about his income in
2018 now that's big news because if the
president didn't make money he would
look like a big old frog and worse if he
made more money as president than he had
made when he wasn't president no that
doesn't look good so he had two ways to
lose one way is if he didn't make much
money where he lost money and then he'd
be a fraud and the other way is if he
made money he would look like a criminal
because well you're making money as
president that doesn't look good
so where does it come out he made four
hundred and thirty four million dollars
so it turns out he did make money in
2018 four hundred and thirty four
million dollars in one year but here's
the fun part it was just slightly less
than he made the year before
nothing
did they say revenue somebody says is
corrected me and they're saying revenue
I read it quickly and let me check to
make sure make sure that that is correct
oh that's interesting because the way
see and then the way CNN reports it is
very misleading
so they report income of at least 434
million but they didn't it doesn't show
expense anyway for our purposes here
today it doesn't matter because
regardless of what his expenses were the
income is the part that people would be
questioning so if the income was was
terrible or the income was too high he
would be pilloried pilloried but not
hillary and as luck would have it then
the actual number is exactly the number
that you can't criticize if had been
even 1% higher than the year before
people would have said oh I don't know
that 1% I don't know if that would have
been there if he hadn't been president
but by being just a little bit under
it's the only place you could be where
you're unambiguously being a billionaire
that part's true no doubt about it
in fact his income last year his income
in 2018 was roughly the amount you can
inherit it isn't that true didn't even
hair hat - something like 400 million
now I think you'd have to multiply that
up for the adjusting for time but that's
a pretty good year pretty good here who
knows what his net income was so yes it
was reported as income but without
knowing his expenses we don't know what
that means exactly in terms of his net
all right I'm just babbling today I just
I slept late so I'm I'm barely awake
right now
let's talk about the Alabama Alabama
abortion law and I would like to brag
about myself for a little bit here can
you believe it was hard to believe
here's a picture from CNN and a lot of
people should know this is from the view
you probably saw this a similar thing it
doesn't matter if you can see it well if
you see the view they were talking about
the ala beyond the law you can see
behind jibei art is a picture of all the
people who were involved in making the
law what is interesting about every
person involved in making the abortion
law is they're all men every one of them
is a man so the view is making the point
that the law that they don't like on the
view about abortion was made entirely by
men now do you remember some of you do
my abortion stance my abortion stance is
to recuse myself from the actual
decision about what the laws are or
should be I do that because of this the
point of the the whole point is showing
that it was all men who made the law is
what is the point what was the point of
showing that it's all men who made this
law the point is to delegitimize the law
think about how that matters this is
literally a law about life and death and
there's no real right answer and I say
there's no right answer as someone who's
looking at it from you know let's say a
narrator's point of view obviously the
people who have the strong opinions
believe they have the right answer but
when I say no right answer I mean people
will not agree universally who is being
harmed who is not being harmed what's a
life what is in life when he had that
situation when it's the it's the most
important of all decisions literally
it's a question about life and death of
a baby you can't get more important than
that in terms of our
logical makeup in that situation the
best you can do is to have a credible
law even if people disagree with it so
whatever you end up with whether it
favors one side and the other in the
abortion debate if where you end up is
not credible it's your worst situation
because that in society is as unrest as
well as whatever problems you're having
in that on the topic itself so part of
the reason I recuse myself
is in a very small way to not be a
participant in making the law less
credible because credible matters almost
as much as getting it right because it's
what holds society together Society has
to agree yeah some of us don't like that
law but I get how that law came about
the people involved are the right people
they looked at the right information
darn it I wish they'd gone a different
way
but at least I'm in the system that ran
the way I would like a system to run
this is not the way anybody wants a
system to run remember this is the goals
versus systems versus goals question
again this system isn't working a system
where only men decide on abortion in
some state that might be the worst
system ever designed now many of you are
saying yeah people are saying women
voted those men into office women
largely agree with what the men do we
that's all true but that doesn't go to
credibility those are true things which
do better but they don't change how we
think about it because in the end it was
still a bunch of guys who had to vote so
I don't encourage other people to change
their minds on abortion I do not try to
change minds in abortion um and I don't
ask you to recuse yourself if you're
male but I feel it's the most
the most useful and honest thing that I
can do is to not be part of that
question because it gives women slightly
was slightly more control if men recuse
themselves so that's the smallest thing
I can do but it's it's sort of the right
thing to do in my personal opinion and I
completely respect anybody who wants to
have a different opinion all right I
tweeted around this morning a great
article by Joel Pollock and which he's
in Breitbart in which he talks about how
both the left and the right seemed to be
agreeing on trade with China and he
mentions Tom Friedman who most of you
will recognize that name but he's he is
far from being pro Trump but he's come
out and said directly that Trump might
be the exact right person for
negotiating with China and that the
country has been educated by Trump
essentially you know by Trump's actions
they the country has been educated on
the situation with trade with China
don't you think that early on in the
process when Trump was running for
office and he kept saying China China
China China is giving us bad trade deals
don't you think that the Democrats
mostly said to themselves that's
probably not that bad don't you think
people thought he was exaggerating at
least his critics don't you think that
they thought yeah maybe you're being a
little racist here why is it you're you
know you want to go hard against China
but you're not talking about England you
know so everything about what he started
I was saying sounded shady people didn't
believe it they didn't think it was as
big a problem now I do think that there
were a number of working-class people in
the Rust Belt who probably cared about
this more than others but the country in
general I'm not sure that people quite
bought into it as being a as big a
problem as he said and be something you
could ever potentially make better
with a trade war because what do they
say about trade wars a hundred percent
of people on the left and I think I'm
right about that right a hundred percent
something you could almost never say
could you ever say that a hundred
percent of anybody agrees about anything
it's the rarest thing but I think a
hundred percent of the Democrats and
maybe half of the Republicans thought
that a trade war would immediately be
the end of civilization then our economy
would crumble etc and now we're right in
the middle of a pitched battle I mean
we're really in it right now we're
deeply into a trade war right now and
what's happening to our economy records
records we're just hitting record after
record of an insanely good
achievement this is without anything
good happening yet in China in fact it's
all bad so far but Trump has also proven
that we could live with effort forever
with tariffs if we had to it would be
unambiguously bad for certain
populations some types of costs would
probably go up and then over time the
economy would adjust factories would go
up in Guatemala that sort of thing so
Trump has been shown to be not just
right but oh god right you know what I
mean
not just a little right not oh yeah now
that now that we're in I said I see your
point mr. president he's not slightly
right he's not a little bit right he's
as right as you can be and people on the
Left who would call themselves his
biggest critics have been largely silent
wasn't it Chuck Schumer recently who
basically decided to you know be solidly
on Trump's side with the with the China
negotiations now I would like to Pat
myself on the back again and I would
invite many of you if not most of you
to Pat yourselves on the back - and it
goes like this
ready your arms get ready to pat
yourself on the back how many of you
knew from the jump that President Trump
a president Trump should he become get
your head ready okay your head ready
should he become president back when I
think most of the people watching this
were supporters did you not know that he
was a unique character who would bring
us some things that nobody else could
bring us some important things
China China trained for one very
important did you not know that he could
bring important benefits but you knew he
was gonna break some dishes right you
knew he would break dishes you knew your
fine china was not safe you knew your
sensitive little ears were gonna get
hurt you knew people would complain you
knew there would be a little civil
unrest you knew people would be tense
and unhappy you knew people would call
him racist you knew people would call
you racist but you know what else he
knew you knew that he was a unique
character who could solve some problems
that maybe other presidents just
couldn't solve patch yourself in the
back Oh feels good it feels good you
knew that I knew that that is the only
reason I have ever been supportive of
this president it comes down to that it
comes down to I am going to eat a mile
of mud oh I'll keep this PG this is the
PG version is I knew that I would eat a
mile of mud and on the end I was
confident that we would get to a good
place we couldn't have got to gotten
through without a eating a mile a lot so
I ate a bottle of blood most of you did
as well and so pat yourself on the back
for that for for seeing things closer to
the way they really are all right let's
talk about immigration so the president
announced his immigration plan at least
they planned
or some portion of immigrations move to
a lottery system with points some kind
of a point system and I don't know about
you but I have two completely opposite
feelings about it see if you have the
same thing on one hand when it's
described and the president says yeah
we're just going to have a merit-based
system and it's going to be very similar
to what Canada and most other countries
use now when he says it that way they
say Oh our system is going to be like
Canada
well the Canada Canadians are great
people right is there anybody who has a
better reputation for being nice people
than Canada know if Canada is doing it
it can't be cruel it can't be bad this
is something frickin Canada is doing
candidate is like our conscience you
never have like you got a little
conscience you know one of the things
you can ask yourself if the United
States is looking to do something bad
and you say Oh United States I don't
know it was that good that that might be
a little bad what do you think ask your
conscience and Canada is like your
conscience on your shoulder and you go
what do you think what do you think
about this what you do it - all right
we're safe it's okay
Canada does it - so that's my first
reaction my second reaction is I hear
the details and we're scoring people by
these various levels of quality like
you're better if you're younger well I
understand why because people will have
more economic value if they're coming in
when they're qualified and they're
working age and all that so it's the
best economic situation for the United
States so it all makes sense but when
you hear it it doesn't hit your ears
right are you having this - you hear it
and you say hmm that doesn't sound good
that we're saying that educated people
are somehow better than people who
didn't go to college people who are
younger are
better in some way and the answer is yes
they are economically on average they
would add more to an economy than
someone who didn't have a certain set of
qualities objectively speaking we all
understand it and we know why Canada
does it right candidate does it but when
you hear it it doesn't really it doesn't
hit the ears right are you right would
you agree does everybody have the same
same impression now I'm not saying we
shouldn't do it and in fact I think we
should do it I do like the merit-based
system because it's good for the country
that has the system Canada system is
very good for Canada why shouldn't we
have one so I get it and I support
something like it but man it doesn't
sound good and of course the Democrats
who are very consistent on this point if
there's something that is good but
doesn't sound good are they going to be
in favor of it can you think of any
example maybe there's some example of
this but when you say I got a policy and
it's a big important policy and I won't
even tell you what the policy is you
don't even know what the policy is I
won't even tell you the topic will only
tell you two things it's a good idea
guaranteed everybody would say so Canada
would agree it's a good idea you don't
even need to know what it is but I'll
also tell you that while it's
unambiguously a good idea it doesn't
sound good the words you use to describe
it will remind you of things that are
bad this isn't bad there's nothing about
this as bad but it's going to remind you
of things that are bad can the Democrats
do that thing that's I've been big ewis
lead but the way it's talked about will
sound bad they can't they are they are
blocked from doing a good idea which
can't be described in words that sound
good
nuclear energy somebody said Democrats
cannot favor nuclear energy no matter
how unambiguously
smart that would be and it would be
unambiguously smart because when you
talk about it
the words about it don't feel right
because you say stuff like nuclear waste
meltdown and you use the scary words and
then you just don't feel right you know
I'm sure Noble etc the wall yeah the
wall is a perfect example the wall makes
perfect sense
according to probably a hundred percent
of border security experts everywhere in
Norrell I don't know if it's a hundred
percent but probably something like a
hundred percent of all experts would say
of course you need import obviously you
need a wall or a big fence or something
but in some places it's obviously you
knew that but can the Democrats support
it even if a hundred percent or
something like that of all border
security experts would say duh of course
you need some wall some places now
because talking about a wall doesn't
sound right doesn't hate your ears right
you say well the wall those are our
friends in Mexico which they are right
it's a allied nation met the Mexican
people amazing people I love the Mexican
people why would you put a wall between
yourself and people you love that
doesn't make sense so that the Democrats
are limited by the words that are used
and the feelings that are evoked by any
topic and you'll see this time and again
all right let me let me see what Fox
News is up to I like to do my CNN Fox
News test where I looked at the
headlines one and then the headlines or
another and see if there's anything in
common
cuz you know you know it's two different
movies your Fox News is different so
yeah it's like a whole different world
none of these stories were on CNN but
none of them are terribly important
either sort of uh no Newsday
say AG mocks contempt push as circus
that was to uncover Russia probe origins
okay so that's a headline on fox news is
that even news that's like that's like
barely viewers because doesn't feel like
you already knew that news or it's the
same news you've already heard this is
this the Attorney General talking about
bar mocks contempt push as the circus
and house to uncover the Russia probe
origins that's basically what we already
knew we never thought that nobody ever
thought that bill Barr thought it was a
good idea to to hold him in contempt I'm
sure he's not in favor of that and of
course we already knew he was gonna look
into the origin story so the best part
of the origins story or Bill barber
looking into the origins of the Russian
of collusion thing is is that the
so-called deep Staters are turning on
each other so watching Comey and Brennan
and probably I guess clapper will get
into it is that this gonna be kind of
fun watching them go after each other
after watching them go after the
president for two years it's gonna be
kind of fun now it shouldn't be fun it
should not be a good thing we should not
be happy we should not be happy that
there was ever any kind of thing that we
could even construe as maybe sort of a
plot against the president but it's
gonna be sort of fun to watch them try
to eat each other on the way down now I
will maintain my original view or
something close to it I think I've
shifted a little bit
so I'll acknowledge that when this whole
deep state stuff first emerged as a
let's say it was a conspiracy theory of
first which has which has evolved from a
conspiracy theory or so I thought about
the Steve state too once we really get
to the bottom of stuff it looks a lot
like well maybe that was no conspiracy
theory after all we still don't know my
original statement our original thoughts
and you can fact check me on this
because maybe I've been less consistent
than I'm going to present it but I think
this is largely the evolution of my
thought was that when I first heard
there's a deep state and they're working
against the president I thought to
myself well you know there's always an
embedded bunch of people who don't like
whoever the incoming president is
especially since the other party had
been in power for eight years so I
didn't think it was anything noteworthy
sure sure sure there are people who are
not gonna like a Republican president
and yes yes yes maybe they don't like
this particular Republican president
more than they disliked others but I
didn't think there was anything there
sure there were individuals acting in
individual ways but that's not a
conspiracy so my original view is that
it wasn't really a conspiracy in the
sense that people were having meetings
and Hillary Clinton was the ringmaster
and they'd use secret apps to
communicate and they'd say all right if
you do the dossier I'll have I'll have
my reporters you know report it and then
we'll get McCadden here and Kobes on
board we've got clapper we've got
Brennan they're gonna they're gonna run
cover for us on the media I don't know
that was ever that does anybody think it
was that because oh and let me say as
clearly as possible I'm not ruling that
out there was a time early on when
people were saying deep state deep state
when I completely rejected that and I
just said no this is just so obviously
not some big conspiracy or there's some
ringleader
you know Hillary's pulling the strings
and
but the more we learn the more an image
starts to take shape of something that
looked if not that may be jarring ly
close to that I don't know how close it
will be to that or if we'll ever know
everything but it feels like a lot of
people who understood what the other
people wanted and would do and what
their interests were it felt like a lot
of people just sort of knowing what to
do would you accept that framing there
rather than a plot with a plan where
they see all the way through that from
the beginning to the end and some kind
of a plan rather it was just a lot of
people who knew exactly what to do so I
don't know if that's a coup is it a coup
if just a whole bunch of people
independently maybe they've talked to
one or two of each other but they all
just sort of know what to do because
whatever is bad for the president is
good for them
so I don't know how organized this is
going to look probably no more organized
than Hillary Clinton's presidential
campaign BAM
goes the dynamite okay let's see what
else we got here yeah
Rush Limbaugh says the anti Trump
conspirators are beginning to rat each
other out oh that's just what I said
many handed he says the deep state
officials are running scared that they
are now turning I swear to God I didn't
read that before I went into that whole
the whole monologue there I didn't
realize that there were two two
headlines on Fox they're smaller ones I
didn't see it when I first looked in
which that actually is the story so
that's fun and exciting all right I want
to see if we've got a caller on here say
I was talking to a fellow that I want to
bring on and I want to make sure that
he's on there before I do this
please standby talk among yourselves and
make sure he's either out here or not oh
yeah yeah oh now it's a different Josh
I'm looking for a different Josh is you
had some device issues and well I guess
we'll do that another day did too
all right sorry for some reason
somebody's not getting an option on
their phone all right I need to go do
something this morning so unless you
have a question I'm gonna run away I'll
give you a few seconds for questions I
will look at your responses I have no
idea why have 3,000 people watching this
did something happen today that I don't
know about can anybody explain why I
have twice as many followers with
absolutely nothing to say this morning
well I think we should have another
simultaneous sip while in looking at
your comments join me now
oh yeah the new SAT rules so the SAT is
going to have what do they call it a
adversity score so it's in addition to
your actual score of the test you will
get to say how abused you are in your
life and what your adversity is so I
think part of it is where you grew up
and I know your income of your family
and some other things and I thought to
myself what is the difference between
the SAT rules on adversity and
merit-based immigration now obviously on
the surface there are completely
different things and one is trying to
rule people in and the other one is you
know maybe a different kind of filter
but they both have the same quality they
have the same quality that
we're judging people judging people
based on a bunch of criteria which may
not be within the control of the person
necessarily so the more we can measure
people let's say let's say China's so
China has this big program I forget what
it's called where they're they can they
can do a permanent ongoing measurement
of a person's social qualities so your
your trustworthiness your reliability
and all those things somehow they're all
they're all going to be factored in and
this is the beginning part of the
machines taking over if you don't see
this you're going to be very surprised
and disappointed in about 10 years the
one way that human beings have something
like the illusion of of free will is
that you don't know what we're gonna do
and we have a wide variety of things we
can select from and nobody can predict
where it's going to what we will predict
for any individual so it gives us the
feeling that we have control oh I have
decisions I'm gonna make a decision here
I'm gonna go over there etc but once
once all of our systems from SATs -
immigration - you know we're gonna have
some version of the Chinese social
credit score thing that's coming whether
the government does it or whether
there's just a website that doesn't you
will definitely have websites that rate
people as good there and lovers you know
that's coming there will be a website
where you can find out how good somebody
is that making love before you get in
all of them you know that's coming and
we will eventually have ways to rank
people so specifically that we will
eliminate free will do you see it coming
because right now I have freewill to go
apply for a job anywhere that I think I
can get hired largely by duping the
person who is interviewing me into
thinking I have maybe more experience
and more qualifications than I do so in
my current world that is not the world
I'm about to describe in my current
world I can cheat the system a little
bit I can say yeah I'm not qualified for
that job but I'm gonna try anyway and
then maybe I get that job I can say yeah
the person I want to date is way too
good for me but I can not tell that
person about some of the bad things
about me until they're hooked I can I
can cheat the system I can date somebody
who's too good for me because I might
you know draw them in and get them
hooked before they find out about all
the bad stuff oh sorry I'm an alcoholic
I didn't mention that today now
fast-forward to a point where everybody
is ranked for everything you know that's
coming you you will know exactly if
somebody is qualified for something
before they go walk in the door you
won't even need to have an interview for
a job in the future
you will not need an interview for a job
because your employer will already know
who is the best a list look about and
the system will just rank all the people
they'll say this you're looking for
somebody who has a high social score
somebody who has been on time a lot
somebody who's not been through a lot of
let's say marriage problems somebody
who's got a certain number of kids or
doesn't have kids or it's going to have
kids will be able to rank people so
completely that they won't need to
interview now once you don't need to
interview your ability to say alright
well maybe I'm not not quite qualified
for that job but I think I'm gonna try
to get it anyway someday I might become
qualified it's all gone you will no
longer have choices on who you date
where you work
or even maybe where you spend time
because those things will your choices
will become constrained because the
system's collectively will know so much
about you that they will prevent you
from doing things that other people
should be doing instead so so the the
long term eventual impact of everything
from the SATs adversity scores to
immigration with you know scoring your
merit to the Chinese system to social
media in general and all of the other
things we can measure people know
exactly what you do what you love
because of your online activity they can
tell they know what your fetishes they
know they know everything about you
those things collectively will make the
decisions for you what you're going to
do who you can talk to who is willing to
have a conversation with you we're not
that far away from walking up to
somebody at a party and you know and
your little badge goes beep beep and the
other person's badge goes beep beep and
you realize there's no person there's no
point in talking think about that you'll
get to the point where you can meet a
stranger you can look at your phone or
you know your your ring will buzz or
your watch or something and you'll say
there's not even any point there is no
point in the two of us even having a
conversation because we know it's not
going anywhere we know we're not going
to be friends we know we have no
information to exchange we know we have
no potential use to each other
whatsoever we know that one of you has a
good sense of humor and the other
doesn't
no point in talking so in the same way
that the more we could measure here's an
analogy but it's a bad analogy but it
gets you get you close to the idea I've
said for a long time that there the
reason that the news is largely fake
news and that the public is completely
bamboozled about what's happening in the
world is because we can measure the
success of a headline or a story in the
news once you know exactly what gets the
most clicks
and you have a business model that
requires you to make money you're a
public company you have to do the thing
that gets you the most money as long as
it's legal and it is legal to cover some
stories and not others there's nothing
illegal about saying we'll cover this
story we won't give this story as much
attention completely legal so it created
these two worlds because we could
measure things so well if you couldn't
measure people would just be putting
down stories and you just hear lots of
stuff and you'd have to make up your own
mind but now you're only gonna see on
fox news things that they know their
customers are going to click on and
you're only gonna see on MSNBC the types
of stories that their customers are
going to click on your free will has
been eliminated when it comes to looking
at the news and making decisions so we
no longer are presented with news and
then we use our reasoning such as it is
and our illusion of free will and then
we come up with something that feels
like a decision we've left that time
we're currently in a time where the news
decides their audience and then within
that audience they can make them think
and adopt any position that they want
they could make you adopt whatever
political position they want how do I
know this easy talk to anybody at a
party about any political thing that's
in that lines and you will find that
their opinion matches exactly the
consensus of the pundits on the side
that they associate with nobody has
their own opinion you won't find people
who say yeah you know CNN says this Fox
News says this but I have a whole
different take on us and it's something
they didn't hear from somebody else it's
not even a thing or or if it is a thing
it's so small now that you could you
could get rid of it with a rounding we
are mostly NPCs that have been
programmed with the dominant point of
view that the news organizations have
determined
we'll make you click the most your
opinion is whatever is the most
clickable it's not because you thought
it was smart it's not because somebody
else thought it was smart and told you
it's not because you used your freewill
it's not because you used your good
judgment it's because somebody had
decided that this is these stories get a
lot of clicks they they stimulate the
part of your brain that makes you act
and that became your opinion you think
you have an opinion but you don't you
don't we used to have something like
opinions but that that time has has left
anyway so where we're heading is that
the illusion of free will will shrink
and shrink and shrink as machines are
better and better at measuring things
relative to or a human experience the
better the machines are the better than
the Chinese systems better the SATs the
better the immigration merit-based thing
the more the better that we can do job
interviews without somebody even coming
in we know everything about them the
more social media we have the more
health records we have the more we know
about people
the smaller their world will get they
won't you might not notice it for a
decade but it's just gonna shrink and
shrink until the only things you ever do
are the things that the machines
collectively all the machines all the
systems all the software the only things
you'll be doing in the future are the
things that the machines decided will
stimulate your dopamine and and get you
to a better place the machines will
decide what you do and if you don't
believe me let me let me draw you a
little word picture here you know
obviously there are lots of health apps
and and health monitoring apps and let
more and more of them for your phone
eventually you you will know exactly
because your phone will tell you or or
some technology that's personal
technology it will tell you when you are
dehydrated it will tell you when you
need a drink of water
because being human you sometimes forget
that you're thirsty you can you can go a
while before your your sense of thirst
kicks it way beyond the point when you
should have had to drink water what will
happen I made myself Thursday just I'm
talking about what will happen when your
phone knows before your brain does that
you're thirsty well the first time it
happens you're gonna say hahaha that's
funny
my phone says I'm thirsty but I don't
even feel thirsty and then you say but
just for the heck of it I think I'll
take a drink of water very quickly you
will you will find that the that the
machine is so right so often or at least
if you can't tell you're still gonna
trust it because it's been right before
you will start doing what your software
tells you to do because it's so good at
it we're not there yet but we're very
close if your software could tell you
hey Scott you're a little low on salt
have a chip hey Scott have a drink of
water
hey Scott if you don't exercise in the
next eight hours you will start to lose
muscle mass hey Scott you've gained a
pound because you ate a little bit too
much bread here are some suggestions to
you things that you like just as much
you like these things here they are can
i order them from Amazon they'll show up
on your doorstep very quickly and it's
going to happen quickly within just a
few years probably your phone or your
software your systems will make
decisions for you that are so much
better than the decisions you could have
made on your own that you will start to
delegate your decision-making
responsibility to the machines yeah it's
going to tell you when your estrogen is
high you ate too much soy it's going to
tell you when you need a little shot of
competition to bring your testosterone
up it will know all of these things and
it will know them before your brain
knows them
and you will very quickly learn to trust
the machines because they will be good
they will know that if you do X you're
giving it a hit of dopamine and you need
it it will know that better than you
know it and when you as soon as you see
that it's true that everything every
time you follow the machines advice you
get an output that you say mmm
I got a treat ooh feels good I feel like
I did get that little bit of dopamine
you will be quickly addicted to the
advice of the machines in every illusion
you ever had a free will will be out the
door you will effectively have have
merged with the machines
into some kind of large social thing
which is part organic you know that the
sum of human beings and their muscles
and the brains and stuff and part
machines but the machines will be the
free will part the machines will be
effectively deciding what the humans do
now can the humans ignore the machines
yes they can but they won't get a lot
get away with it for very long for a
variety of different reasons people
can't ignore the machines but it won't
feel good you know won't get you a job
it won't make you money and won't get
you a girlfriend or a boyfriend so
people can ignore the Machine advice but
doing so will so consistently give them
a bad result that you'd have to call
those people more like mentally ill than
free spirits because they would just be
continually doing things that weren't
good for them and they weren't good for
anybody else
those people we call crazy we don't say
well look at that person who has free
will we don't say that we say this
person is crazy they're doing all the
wrong things alright
somebody said their phones just shot
them I don't know if that was a joke or
did continuous glucose monitor already
doing
correct correct your continuous glucose
monitor is literally telling you when to
eat and to some extent what to eat
and if it knew what was in your
refrigerator it could do the second part
as well look at all the homeless people
what about them but will it understand
your changing climate so I like to keep
saying this because it's so provocative
that people can't hear it and when I say
people I don't mean the people here
people on the Left can't hear some
things because they have cognitive
blindness too even being able to hear a
thought that's so contrary to their
worldview that they can't incorporate it
they just have to reject it and act like
they couldn't hear it and that's the
idea that whether or not climate change
is a big problem or not a big problem
it doesn't matter to the question of
whether you do if you go hard on nuclear
energy because whether its climate is a
problem or not you still should go as
hard as you can on all of the energy
sources go hard on solar go hard on wind
go hard on nuclear energy which is way
safer than it used to be to the point
where it's ridiculously safe at this
point you know so safe there's never
been a problem for the new generation of
nuclear plants and we think about that
there's never been not even one problem
in a generation three nuclear plant
every problem that you know about was
other generations of Technology which
had known problems where at generation
three was zero events and we're already
developing generation four which would
make him meltdown physically impossible
like you couldn't even you couldn't even
make it happen if you wanted to so when
when you tell somebody who's against it
was somebody who's a climate change will
say what would be the right word I don't
want to say alarmist because that that's
a biased word but somebody who believes
that climate change is is a existential
problem for the world if you say to them
well whether that's true or not I guess
you would agree that we should go hard
at all of the energy sources because
even if you only needed them just for
development even if you only used all
these these new sources of energy for
developing Africa for developing
underdeveloped countries for example
you'd still do it as aggressively as you
possibly could because it's the smartest
thing to do and people who were on the
left just can't hear that because it's
the thing they want more than anything
climate change solutions and the
solutions already here nobody wants to
hear that their biggest problem in the
world is effectively solved
now when I say solved I mean that there
are all the usual obstacles the the
public the all the the long approval
times everything for getting nuclear
built but those are those are all easily
solvable problems you just have to have
enough of emergency
the problem with paperwork and in public
public pushback for where you put in
nuclear site and even where you put your
nuclear waste
those are big problems that have kept
nuclear from succeeding in the past but
they're all easy to solve it's not like
we ran out of land it's not it's not
like people couldn't accept nuclear if
it became a big enough emergency we
could put them anywhere we wanted if it
became a big enough emergency suddenly
we'd have enough places to store store
stuff which it turns out is not a big
problem
the storage of nuclear waste in our
minds we think it's a big problem but
turns out it's not it's actually closer
you're closer to a minor problem so
we're in the world where I don't know
why I started that but the I'm sure I
had some kind of a clever point I was
working toward but most of you won't
even notice so the point is there's some
cognitive deafness and blindness on
nuclear energy because we our biggest
problem in the world is kind of already
solved now things might need to get
worse before they get better in other
words people need to become more
frightened by climate disasters so that
suddenly they get a little bit flexible
about where you put that nuclear plant
but that's gonna happen it seems like
that's inevitable now how quickly can we
build these nuclear plants is it quickly
enough to get ahead of this problem
where it seems like the next 10 or 12
years are going to be important
important to get going strong I'm not
saying 12 years the world ends I'm not
using the aoc thing I'm saying that in
the next 10 or 12 years you better be
going pretty quick quickly at whatever
you think your solution is nuclear it's
kind of tough to get up and running in
10 or 12 years because everything takes
so long but we could probably get it
done if we if we wanted to if we wanted
to we could get some nukes up and going
and some plants under development and
I'm guessing that if we get nuclear
going like crazy within the next 20 to
30 years probably five you know there
will be could be big expenses from
climate change but we'll have the big
economy we'll be able to adjust the
number of people who will die from
climate disasters we'll probably
continue to go down it goes down every
every decade because we get richer and
smarter or we can predict things we can
recover we can build stronger buildings
and all that stuff so probably even if
the climate gets worse life on Earth
will continue getting better
probably so we probably have 30 years of
maybe the climate degrading in ways we
really really wish it wouldn't but
probably not so badly that once we have
enough energy up and running through
nuclear and other means we'll probably
be able to weather that pretty well all
right I actually was going to sign off a
lot earlier but I was greatly influenced
by this little number might be opposite
from you so where I'm pointing at least
on my screen my screen might be reversed
but down there there's a little number
this is three point three that three
point three is roughly double what my
normal traffic is
and you watched in real-time as my
ability to measure who comes in and who
doesn't completely changed my behavior
did you notice that because I was gonna
sign off and I said well there's twice
as many people watching this for reasons
that I don't quite understand maybe
because of the immigration thing I don't
know
and so the Harkey back to my earlier
point the fact that this can be measured
and I get a dopamine hit for having a
bigger audience and I can feel that like
that that the feeling I get when I see
the number go up it's very noticeable
it's it's not it's now some vague like
subtle thing I can feel it
so did I decide to stay and to do this
periscope longer was that my decision
was that free well it looks like it
right it looked like I made a decision
and I had some data but not really not
really because when this little number
went to three point three I can promise
you it eliminated the option that I was
gonna stop it eliminated it suddenly it
went from I think I'm probably going to
stop and nothing changed except this
little number just this little tiny
number in the corner of my screen and
that was enough to completely alter my
behavior that's the world that you're
entering where you're gonna feel for a
while as though you still have free will
and very rapidly you will learn wait
every time that little number goes up my
behavior is similar so did I decide to
act that way I know I could have decided
to do something else but I always decide
to do the same thing am I in charge or
is that little number in the corner in
charge am I only doing this now instead
of having discontinued earlier is it
because there's some blue cheque person
who just tweeted out this periscope is
that what happened
did somebody somewhere else decide that
I will continue doing this because they
tweeted it and that made that made my
decision for me yeah I think at this
point maybe other people are just
noticing that the number is big and so
they're coming to see what's happening
and then they definitely find out
nothing's happening all right see what
time it is oh it is time for me to go
I've got a good run so alright that's
all for now thank you for joining me in
larger numbers and usual I have no idea
why but I will talk to you later