mmm hello this is Scott Adams now I'm
here to tell you about an exciting new
product do you find yourself sometimes
debating people who are much taller than
you you don't have to put up with that
in the old days you would have to just
stand next to somebody who's much taller
and you would debate them and you would
lose because of the height but you don't
have to do that because I have spent the
last several weeks developing a new
product I call the Bloomberg box the
Bloomberg box can be used in any of
those situations in which you're
debating a taller opponent it's very
easy to use you just simply take the
Bloomberg box the Bloomberg box you
simply take it and you put it on the
ground it's good enough to put the open
side up and then watch this and now
there and now your debating partner has
no chance really it's called the
Bloomberg box it will be available in
all stores get yours today you might be
thinking to yourself can I make my own
Bloomberg box because it looks like just
a great with possibly a photograph
printed out and taped to the side of the
box I know it looks like that but on the
inside there is very quality
construction don't don't get a broom a
Bloomberg box from some country that has
terrible labor practices so I hope you
all go out and get your Bloomberg box
never lose another debate to a taller
opponent thank you for listening