[Music]
hello hello hello hello hello sorry I
didn't mean to actually be broadcasting
already but my finger slipped and when
my finger slipped we went live so here I
am all
right see if I can make that message go
away
so um I've been watching watching the
coverage I'm sort of in my spare time
I'm doing something else
today but I've noticed that the way
people are treating the news about the
end of the government shutdown is all
wrong and so I thought I'd better get on
here here and correct
everything sorry I'm a little
disheveled all right so here's what we
know uh months ago months ago I
predicted that this wouldn't end meaning
the government shutdown as well as the
wall
negotiations until somebody said let's
kick it over to the engineers or the
experts now some people are saying uh
that uh no it's the border security
people it's not the engineers so you got
it
wrong to which I say it's always going
to be the engineers and the Border
Security Experts it can never be just
one of them the Border Security Experts
are kind of like the users in this case
they're not the ones writing the check
but they're the users they're the ones
who say okay our specifications are this
place needs you know more security this
place needs less and then the engineers
decide what to build so now that's
happened all right so both both sides
have apparently agreed to kick it over
to the experts who are really a
combination of the engineers plus the
border security
people so so far in the entire world I'm
the only person who told you that was
going to happen it had to happen there
wasn't anything else that could happen
so the one thing that could happen
happened but now the fun
who
won um so who
won let's see your
opinions uh I'm watching the uh the
breathless uh
proclamations so here's here's my take
I'll I'll be watching for your comments
as I say
this um this is like a baseball game in
the fifth
inning and the spect ators are calling
the
winner how do you call the winner in the
fifth
inning it's not
over so the question you have to ask
yourself okay is it maybe it's not
technically over because we don't know
what this committee will come up with
and if they come up with something we
don't know if anybody's going to
implement it because you know you could
always ignore the
committee but I don't think either side
wants to ignore the committee at this
point because if either side ignores the
committee
they will now be wait for it here's the
big
turn if they ignore their the
recommendations that come out of the
experts they will be ignoring the
experts and that's new now you could say
they've been ignoring the experts up to
now but the way it's been framed is as a
competition between uh Pelosi
representing the Democrats and Trump
representing his base mostly so that
frame is now lost so both sides have
given up the frame that it's Pelosi
versus Trump they kicked it to the
experts now what happens if the experts
come up with a totally reasonable
sounding plan that has a little bit of
barrier here a little bit of fence here
a little electronic stuff here what
happens what happens if Trump says I
don't want to do what the experts say
well that would look pretty bad wouldn't
it how do you defend that what happens
if Pelosi says
yeah I hear what the experts say but I
don't want to do it it's going to look
really bad because now you're not
disagreeing with the president you're
disagreeing with the
experts once it be once once we reach
the situation where both sides Trump and
Pelosi let's say got to the point where
they both were saying we need border
security and whether it's a wall per se
is not the important part once we reach
that point the the end game became clear
although for some reason I'm the only
person who told you what it was which is
they'd have to kick it to the experts
the experts would come back and say it's
going to look like this or look like
that and then they're sort of Trapped so
here's what's different all right A lot
of people are going to say wait a minute
you know uh this setup wouldn't have
worked before and it probably wouldn't
have if they had done this earlier it
may not have been successful still might
not be but the odds are much better now
and here's why the country and the and
the politicians have a border fatigue
they're really tired about this they
don't want to do this again the last
thing they want is another government
shut down and so Trump who has looked
entirely
reasonable which his critics will say
means he capitulated he caved uh CNN uh
is hilarious if you look at the front
page of CNN
uh they've used every word you can use
for him losing he is losing he's caving
he's backing down Etc but he's also
being
reasonable all right for every person
who says that the president is backing
down what you have to answer is what's
wrong with letting the experts tell us
what to do there
because somebody said the the cartel one
and that will be true if we don't get
better border security now let me take
you to the Future all
right now there there's a good chance
that whatever the crewp comes up with
the president will turn down on the
first pass right you should all be ready
for this whatever the group comes up
with the working group whatever it is
you should expect the president to turn
it down on the first pass right now
forget about any any other times before
this is a new day because he might get a
little extra so it would be sort of a a
good thing to do to turn it down on the
first pass and then then maybe get a
little extra and and say yes so that
would be perfectly
typical so don't be surprised or panic
when that
happens
um uh so Trump has been slowly guiding
us away from it's got to be a big
concrete wall
to it needs to be a variety of solutions
what are the two things that could
happen as a result of the as a result of
the the working group and the experts
number one they could decide to
improve security at the Border in a
variety of
ways if president Trump gets more border
security than we had before will that
look like a loss
and what's the other
alternative the working group will get
together and say damn it we don't need
any fences or walls at all let's tear
down the stuff we have and never put any
more in there can they do that do you
think there is any
chance this is the question you have to
ask yourself if you're going to predict
what's going to happen is there any
chance that whatever the outcome is
maybe after some more stops and starts
which would be predictable but whatever
that outcome is is is it going to be
more border
security or less or maybe exactly the
same you tell me are we going to have
more border security exactly the same or
less at the end of this
process because if it's
more it doesn't matter what it looks
like it's not going to matter at all now
it seems like it matters now people are
going crazy and that Trump let them down
and he caved he capitulated damn it he
capitulated but just think ah had a few
weeks is there any chance that the
experts are going to you know look into
it and decide to give us less border
security no is there any chance that
we'll end up with a let's say just a
normal incremental Improvement that
would have been exactly the same under
any other
president Maybe
but probably
not yeah everybody's saying more no
matter what
happens the smart money says we're going
to get something that most objective
observers will say okay that's probably
a little more than another president
could have gotten
us and people will look back and say he
made a you know a big ask wall that
thing up concrete the whole way and then
eventually as the negotiations were
ongoing in the public it was sort of a
public negotiation I would say they got
closer and closer to the
middle but that middle is going to look
like it's leaning his
Direction which is not the worst thing
in the world is it now if you've been
following me for a while I don't think
you uh I don't think you've ever seen me
say he needs a wall all right so if you
if you're wondering what my personal
bias is or my personal preference
from the beginning I've always said the
same thing how the heck do I know how
much of it should be a wall let's have
the experts tell me once the experts
tell me then I'll maybe agree with them
you know but uh I'm certainly not going
to come up with my own idea of how to do
border
security so there's nothing in this that
is number one not what I predicted or
anything I have a problem with
do you have a problem with it is there
anybody who has a problem with it that's
not
political does anybody have a problem
with a working group of experts coming
up with a a good solution for border
security that you know we put a few
billion dollars into whatever that
number is I don't know I I don't see any
of this as being a problem now let me
take you back a couple years ago
when the president was first saying uh
wall wall wall wall
wall how much did we the public actually
know about the
situation did you know that putting a
wall the entire length was impossible
you know at least in terms of getting
the rights to the land and the the
terrain and everything did you know it
was just
impossible well now you're probably far
more educated for example do you
remember when people were saying walls
are no good because and whether it's a
wall or a tall steel structure whatever
you want to call it all the smart people
were saying that's no good because the
cartels will just tunnel under it and
then we saw at the trial for El Chapo
that one of the experts who was a a
cartel member said no we stopped using
wall we stopped using tunnels do you
know why they stopped using tunnels
kept getting
caught and it and it was easier to do it
another way building a tunnel is a real
expensive takes a long time now if you
happen to have a background in economics
did you think that the tunnels would be
used for letting uh illegal immigrants
into the country if you studied
economics and you thought that those
tunnels built by the cartel were going
to be used for uh just individuals who
wanted to cross illegally then you don't
understand economics or or at least
you're not a good
criminal if you're a criminal rule
number one you want the fewest number of
witnesses that you can have if you're if
you're using a tunnel to cross thousands
of people through your tunnel you've
created thousands of
witnesses thousands of witnesses there
was no reasonable World in which a
tunnel would be used for anything except
Contraband right because if you're only
using for Contraband then maybe five
people in the cartel who have sworn
their life to the cartel well they know
where the tunnel is but nobody else
knows that's a good tunnel so and then
if you add on top of that that the
government got better at apparently
detecting
tunnels um you suddenly start using uh
fishing boats so apparently fishing
boats are the you know the popular
method and aircraft and just crossing at
the
border but think about you know forget
about the the tunnels in particular
think about how much you learned about
building border structures you've
learned about how other countries are
doing it you've learned approximately
what the budget is you've learned what's
been done in the past you've learned
what the experts are suggesting you've
learned that in urban areas you want you
know more of a structure you've learned
that in remote areas we have a number of
um electronic digital kinds of ways to
sense and maybe there's some drones and
stuff think of how much you learned as a
citizen about border uh stuff that was
all Trump all Trump had Trump not been
hammering on this topic for three
straight years we would not be more
educated on this topic and now that
we're all educ educated we all came to
the same opinion didn't we now if you
don't count the crazy open borders
people who are you know trivial they're
kind of like the flat earthers of the
conversation if you don't count the
extremists wouldn't you say that we've
all learn so much about border security
and I would include the president don't
you think that the president knows a lot
more about B border security than when
he was a candidate of course he does we
all do and now that we've learned enough
um we see that kicking it over to the
experts and letting them come up with a
variety of solutions that make sense for
every area is clearly the best thing to
do so follow this the president raised
the priority of the Border question
higher than it's ever been by raising
the question to the highest priority
even though we were fighting the whole
time the entire entire country Democrats
Republicans and independents we all
became educated to a far greater degree
than I ever expected would happen for
myself or for anybody else now that
we're all
educated and and it's our highest
priority at the moment right what's a
higher priority it seems like the
highest priority so Trump made it the
highest priority he educated the public
by hammering on this forever until we
all understood it and then here's the
fun part once we you were
educated he did the very thing that you
should do kicked it to the experts he's
going to shine a light on it and now the
politicians and the experts are
trapped they're
trapped they can't say no to
fundamentally what the experts come up
with you know they they can change some
things on the margin as I said Trump is
likely to turn down the first thing they
come up with just because he might get a
little more you know they might be sick
of doing stuff and say all right we'll
give you a little bit more but he's
created a situation where we will get
some kind of better border security in
the most intelligent and coste effective
way it could be
done do you know what CN CNN calls
that
losing did I say anything that isn't
true did I just say anything that isn't
observably true the president raised it
as a priority in so doing he educated
the entire country including himself
including Pelosi including you including
me we're all smarter and now that we're
smart enough he put it into the only
system that ever made sense kick it over
to the experts make sure the whole
country is watching so that whatever
those experts come up with we can't just
you know put that paper under a pile and
ignore it we can no longer ignore
whatever those experts came up with now
suppose he started on day one and said
okay I set a wall but I'm going to kick
it over to some
experts total
debacle it would have been a total
debacle if Trump had done now which is
turning it over to the experts uh if he
had done that on day one when he got
elected that would have looked like
losing because we wouldn't be educated
and we would ignore whatever they came
back with because it wouldn't be that
much of a priority by making it the
world's biggest priority or at least our
biggest priority in our minds anyway
maybe not in reality but in our minds
our biggest priority he's guaranteed
that we can't ignore what the experts
come up with he's also made every
Democrat who matters say in public we
want good border
security he made every Democrat every
critic of his he made say in public
except for you know the crazy RPS and
and some of the Fringe people but all
the ones who matter he made them say in
public that security matters and we
should do it a smart
way that's the Trap the Trap is that he
made the Democrats say for a month we
have to do it the smart
way and then he educated the entire
country and then he turned it over to
the experts and the
engineers and do you know what they're
going to come up
with the smartest
way yeah the smartest way is coming
maybe we haven't seen it yet maybe they
already had it maybe maybe they're 95%
done with it it was always the plan but
we just didn't know what it
is
um somebody says you're an idiot they
said that years ago I'm saying the same
thing for years they have said give it
to the experts and for years the experts
have had a plan but it was never the
right time because the public had not
been educated and the public was not as
engaged as they are now you had to get
the public educated you had to get us
engaged and you had to make sure that
whatever the hell comes out of that
committee let's call it the committee
but the working group whatever comes out
of that we care now
we didn't really care that much before
um
so in
losing if you'd like to say that uh
Trump lost
politically you can make that case
because he asked for a wall and he
probably won't guess something that
looks like a 2,00 2,000 mile wall so you
could certainly say that uh he did not
get what he wanted and you could also
say that uh some of his most Ardent
supporters will give him a hard
time but here's what they're going to
have to criticize they're going to have
to criticize the smartest people meaning
the experts coming up with the wisest
plan that the engineers and the border
security people with the most experience
are backing that's what you have to be
against now before you got to you got to
be against a dumb idea which is a big
concrete wall for 2,000 miles how hard
hard is it to be against a big dumb
concrete wall That's 2,000 mil easy
right everybody can be against that you
know even people who are on Trump's side
were against that but how do you be
against the working Committee of
Engineers and experts who say for this
amount of money we can make a big
difference and it would look like this
including you know sensors at the The
Crossings and um you know maybe they'll
throw in some some other immigration
stuff
all
right um I'm watching my Twitter feed
and people are piling in uh if feels
exactly like it felt uh the day before
election day for those of you who don't
remember 2016 so about a week before
election people were piling into my
Twitter feed and and they were they were
still sore about all the things I'd said
uh about the campaign and things i' said
they were positive about Trump and they
came in to say
I'm going to come back here tomorrow
after the election to you know to drink
your tears because you're going to be so
humiliated I can't wait to see I can't
wait to see you eat crap tomorrow I
can't wait for your humiliation the day
after the election my life is complete I
get to see the dber guy completely
humiliated it didn't go their way sorry
didn't go their way
in this
case everything that's happened up to
this point I told you would happen not
only did I tell you what happened it's
what I wanted to happen what I wanted to
happen was for the situation the
dumbness to subside what is the dumbness
here's the dumbness a concrete wall for
2,000 miles that's dumb right I don't
care who you are that's dumb what else
is dumb let's do nothing let's not f any
better border security well that's dumb
right so we had to leave the dumb place
it was two different dumb places but
they were both dumb right I have never
occupied either dumb place I've have
always been
waiting right
here I I've been waiting for both dumb
sides to say
yes uh yes border security matters let's
give it to the experts let's get
educated let let's figureing out how to
do this right and then take that
decision away from the politicians you
know let the politicians say we want
better security both sides say that now
and let's see how far we can get now uh
Ann couter apparently is not too happy
about
this so he says please address an
Coulter
um I'll give you a general
answer uh it's hard for me since I'm a
professional writer it's hard for me not
to love an cter all right and some of
you don't want to hear that right but my
God she's a great writer whatever else
you want to say about her her her just
pure writing skill her ability to form a
sentence to put an idea together to make
a book out of it is is crazy I mean
she's like the best you know one of the
best writers you've ever
seen but she also has you know she has a
unique niche in politics um
I don't I don't begrudge her uh I don't
begrudge her success within that Niche
but I don't think it's also necessary
that I have an opinion on
her because she's doing what she
does really really really well which is
different from me having to agree with
everything she says uh so so I I just I
think I'll defer I don't need to have an
opinion about her her her capability is
through the
roof um but that doesn't mean I agree
with all of her points all
right
uh uh I haven't heard what Mike sovich
said yet but
um but give him a
week give Mike a week and see if
anything changes I'll just leave that
there all
right um
I think that's all I need to talk about
and I will talk to you later