[Music]
bum bum bum bum hey everybody it's time
finally a few minutes late get in here
Sharona Mattias Chris Fuzzy's Donna
dabbler Russell get in here and you know
why
you know why it's because it's time for
a coffee with Scott Adams and if you're
prepared and I know some of you are
grab your mug grab your Stein your glass
your cup your container
your chalice and raise it with me for
the simultaneous up so you solve the
title maybe perhaps you saw the title of
my periscope in which I talked about the
steep drop in racism in this country
have you seen the story no you haven't
seen the story I just made that up and
normally I would feel bad about just
making up stuff especially about
something so important racism that's an
important topic hmm you shouldn't just
be making up stuff about racism Oh
unless you're the news because
apparently you can't just make up stuff
so do you remember how yesterday and I
think the day before I was talking about
how the charge of racism had just
disappeared from CNN suddenly we went
from the biggest issue to just
disappeared and I checked and I don't
know how many CNN producers follow me on
periscope but man was a little little
overcompensating today today the entire
first block you know the the top
headlines on the top left what it was
all racism it was every angle you could
have on racism and of course most of it
is let's say not legitimate for example
one of their are
calls again repeats the the hoax that
they're actually reporting as fact that
the president said the white supremacist
at Charlottesville were fine people now
of course that didn't happen he said
that the people on both sides of the
statue question which is a lot more than
the few people who were marching he said
that there were good people on both
sides of the question about the statue
but again again CNN allowed a opinion
person to report it as fact without any
question to it now normally you would be
kicked off a website if you repeated
something that's not a fact as a fact
that should be enough to get you no
longer able to write opinion pieces for
CNN but apparently that's almost a
requirement these days but here's the
funny part the top two articles on CNN
about racism of course has to be about
Trump right so here's the first set line
it says Obama's victory lifted millions
Americans but for white supremacist he
lit a powder keg that was exacerbated by
Trump's victory all right so the first
story is that the election of President
Obama a black American made racism go up
here's the second story Trump says he's
not a racist well that's good but the
second part of the title is that's not
how white nationalists see it and you
read the story and the second story is
that racism went up because President
Trump was elected now
the first story just to summarize the
first story is that racism went up
because President Obama was elected the
second story is a racism went up because
President Trump was elected therefore
therefore
right if those are if those two claims
are true and we're going to talk about
how true those claims are but if those
trained if those two things are true
what has the trend taught us I think you
taught us the CNN is can report that
racism is up no matter what happens if
Elizabeth Warren became our next
president would CNN report racism is
down probably not probably not and how
do we know racism is up or down have you
ever wondered that how do you measure
whether racism is up or down
now we've already determined that the
racist groups the few people that that
will go on camera and say racist stuff
and they're okay being quoted and their
picture taken so that group of geniuses
will tell you that they have been
inspired if a black man becomes
president or a white man becomes
president I'm pretty sure they're going
to say they got inspired no matter what
aren't they in the job of recruiting so
CNN talks to the people who are
literally in charge of recruiting of the
racists and they say hey is the news
causing you to be better or worse at
recruiting is the racist gonna say you
know it's really bad for racism these
days people are being flexible and
open-minded all over the place it's
really bad for business
racism is way down recruiting recruiting
is really being impacted by all the good
stuff that's happening said no racist
ever if your job is to recruit what do
you say no matter what when somebody
puts a microphone in front of you you
don't say yeah things aren't going my
way everybody's being kind to each other
I didn't see this happening it's really
bad day for racism they do not say that
now if you're a professional racist
whose job it is to recruit other races
to your little racist
society or whatever no matter what is
happening in the world if they put a
microphone in front of your face what
are you gonna say yeah we're really
inspired now or in we're inspired by
Obama
we're inspired by Trump or inspired by
anything that happens basically
whoever's president who's president
Bernie Bernie Sanders is president Wow
I'm inspired so the first thing you have
to understand is if you put a microphone
in front of a racist recruiter he's
gonna say business is good that's all
he's gonna say it doesn't matter what
you know now how do you measure how do
you affect check the you know the racist
well as luck would have it there is an
organization whose primary reason for
existing financially financially being a
key word they make their money by
reporting on racist organizations and
racists events so if there's a racist
event they report it so that they can
capture them all and we know what's
happening with racist events which is
very important yeah it's called the
Southern Poverty Law Center now if your
job let me just walk you through the
logic here let's say it's your job and
it's a new sort of a new industry right
it we have we haven't been reporting on
racism in a in a coherent way for
hundreds of years rather it's sort of
new that we have this organization the
Southern Poverty Law Center and that
their job is to track racism now if it's
your job and you get money for it and
the money makes you happy and the money
allows you to have a good life and you
like money do you think money has
anything to do with your decisions I'm
going to say yes so for example
do you think the Southern Poverty Law
Center is likely to report their racism
is trending down sharply because if they
did the people paying them might be
tempted to say looks like this problem
is solving itself we don't really need
reporting it's just down every year you
cannot expect the group that controls
the data uses probably some degree of
subjectivity but it doesn't look like
the route that it does look like the
groups are reporting are legitimately
racist groups I think that part is
probably accurate but have you noticed
what they track if you are a good a
major let's say you had access to any
kind of data so you could you could get
any kind of data on anything you were
magic what would be the way you would
measure racism in this country now there
might be a number of different ways you
look at it you look at violence for sure
you would look at the number of
organizations that are explicitly racist
organizations for sure and the Southern
Poverty Law Center looks at both of
those things that's really good right so
you should be tracking the number of
organizations and they are and you
should be tracking the number of events
you know the violent events that are a
hate base you should track those things
but what's missing isn't the thing
that's missing the number of racists
wouldn't that be the most illuminating
number just how many racist because
there could easily be more organizations
both fewer racists
I don't know if that's likely I don't
know if that's true I'm not going to
make that claim but don't you want to
know the number of people as a
percentage of the country or even as a
wrong number
both would be good so I noticed that the
Southern Poverty Law Center does not
count number of people who identify as
racist and it could be there's no way to
track that maybe people just don't admit
it
so instead as a proxy they tracked the
number of events and the number of
organizations now if you are paid to
track the number of racist organizations
do you think that next year you will
find more of them or next year you will
find fewer of them or next year you will
find that basically it's the same number
as last year which of those gets you
paid next year
more of them right if they started
reporting well it looks good we're
trending in the right direction
there's the fewer hate groups every year
woo woo and and by the way we said there
were a thousand of them last year
however many I think they're about a
thousand actually we said there were a
thousand last year and you know it looks
like at least a hundred of them were
just a website by a guy in a basement so
we're taking that off the list so really
it's down 100 this year they're not
going to say that they're not in the
business to tell you that there's less
racism so the one the one and only
keepers of how much racism there is are
strongly incentive to say there's more
and it does make me wonder what it takes
to be a racist organization how many
people have to be in the group before
you're a racist organization that's a
serious question if there's a website
that says hey we're a racist group we're
meeting on Tuesday I'm pretty sure you
get on the list right the Southern
Poverty Law Center is probably not going
to drive to your hound your town in you
know area but Montana they're not going
to drive into your little town and hear
you but Montana which I'm sure is the
name of the town
and and ring up the racist and say hey
we're doing we're doing some research on
all the racist you've got a website says
you meet on Tuesday can I confirm that
you're a real organization and not a guy
in the basement with a website I don't
think they do that do they yes I've been
to Harry Butte not not but of course
so Harry Butte Montana home of a guy
with a website gets counted now if
there's so let's say there's some
ambiguity let's say you're in charge of
counting the number of racist
organizations and some of them are sort
of on the margin you look at it you're
like yeah I can see why somebody would
say it is but I can see that they don't
really say that a white supremacist so
is it fair to call them that when they
don't say that of themselves which way
is the Southern Poverty Law Center going
to lean which way gets you paid you're
going to always get lean in the
direction that gets you paid unless
there's something you know mentally
wrong with you so I have made the
statement that racism is in steep
decline I don't believe there's any
evidence against that statement now I
don't know I'm not saying that like I
really know it's true or that I should
convince you it's true but here's my
instinct so this is my this is my
instinct just living and breathing in
the real world and interacting with real
people and you know just being alive for
as many years as they have and I want to
test this against your own instinct if
there was no such thing as the news
would you notice that that racism is on
the rise because there's nothing
happening in my town my life my family
my experience there's nothing happening
that I could identify as a rise in
racism
nothing absolutely nothing there's no
gray area now of course
I hear about racist events but I only
hear about them on the news now that's
partly because of where I live now it's
a low crime area and things work pretty
well here but you know and I'm sure if
you live somewhere else maybe you'd hear
about it all the time but my feeling is
so here's my here's my whoa like all
this I'm gonna call it true until
somebody can prove me prove to me it
isn't
so this is my belief I'll just call the
belief subject to correction and I if
somebody can fact check this I would I
would like to know it'd be good to know
my belief is that racism has steadily
declined every year of my life would
anybody disagree with that and that has
also declined this year because keep in
mind most people don't follow the news
it's actually it's actually a rarity to
follow the news and people don't
necessarily believe the news so the news
is you know saying if it leads it bleeds
so if there's any kind of violence and
they can put any kind of a racial
element on that it makes it a better
story so the news is all racism racism
racism and I'm not for for not one
minute am i diminishing the importance
of the story it probably does help it
probably does help that they report it
because it keeps us in check maybe it's
a maybe it acts as a you know a way to
you know keep it down or something so I
think the racism stories are important
and they talk about an important thing
but it feels like there is less racism
on the ground than at any time in
American history maybe any time in human
history that's what it feels like now
maybe because I'm not black you know I
don't I don't have the sensitivity to it
I'm just now seeing it
what I would love to I would love to
know the experience of let's say
a adult black family now let's say
somebody who's older let's say somebody
who's a 40 year old black man or a woman
who doesn't follow the news that that's
important they don't follow the news so
they're not being influenced by the news
what would they say would they say yeah
racism is worse this year than it's ever
been
they might and if they even if they did
say that I would be very alarmed but if
they don't follow the news I think that
on the ground it's just less every year
and here's how I would define less
you're a your white business owner and a
black job applicant comes in are you
likely to discriminate compared to let's
say last year Tamiya seems like the
ability to get a job the ability to
marry anybody you want to marry the
ability to you know free associate the
ability to be friends the you know the
cross pollenization to me it seems like
it's better than ever
I remember my late stepson who passed
away this year but I remember when he
was young maybe eight or so and I would
go into his bedroom and he would have
one
he had one poster on his wall he'd so it
was his hero so his only one poster that
he thought was important enough to put
it in his wall and of course it was it
was Michael Jordan right so he's only
the only person that he wanted to
idolize in the sports world was a black
adult male and then you look at his I
guess was an iPod at the time and you
say show me what music you're listening
to and it would be all you know black
artists so all of his musical
preferences his sporting preferences and
then the way he dressed so he only
wanted to dress in a way that was sort
of you know inspired by that culture and
you know you so he was the the whitest
little kid
but in his world he was born into a
world where being black was the best
thing ever
now I don't I don't know that he would
say it that way so I don't want to you
know I wouldn't put words in his mouth
but his his impression of the world is
that being a famous black person was
that's his role model now was that true
when you were a kid most of your adults
probably not right you also had your
your heroes some of them were black some
of them were white but in his era you
know the kids that are born today it's
completely different
you know the whole black white thing
doesn't mean anything like it used to
mean one how does it get so it seems to
me that racism is just shrinking every
year and a lot of it just has to do with
how much interaction you have you know
the more you interact the less the less
the race matters because you know in in
a daily interaction it just doesn't come
up and yeah and then you become friends
you become co-workers you become lovers
you become whatever your is becoming but
I'm gonna I'm gonna put that stake in
the ground Boop that if you did not
watch the news your daily life would
suggest that their racism is the lowest
it has ever been
now it might also be true that we're
more willing to talk about it and
complain about it than we ever have been
so it could be that people are just feel
more comfortable talking about it as a
topic because it's in the news because
there is a president Trump because the
last president was a President Obama
those two things just give us you know
they trigger us to talk about the topic
but my guess is things are better all
right let's say I I've noticed that CNN
has taken a new approach to the news
which I would call using children as
human shields you know in war areas like
Syria and
you would hear that the the bad people
were taking the women in the children
and using them as human shields so that
you wouldn't bomb them because you know
if you did you'd kill the children as
well and I noticed that about CNN so CNN
wants to be you know the anti-trump
Network and they are and so their
approach to immigration is not to talk
about not to talk about assimilation and
rates and crime and you know rule of law
and what what laws we should pass yeah
they're sort of staying away from that
because they would not have a strong
position there because most people want
a good set of rules you know and
actually the country I think is not that
far off on immigration it's more like
the government is that far off so how
did they cover it they say
Trump is putting kids in cages in other
words they're they're creating a story
that you can't argue against where that
was sounding like you're in favor of
putting children in cages you can't
argue against the story it's like using
children as human shields now you know
if you were being objective and nobody
is objective but if if it were possible
you'd say well Obama put kids in cages
too you know there were just less of it
and the reason there was less of it is
that it was a trend they had started
under Obama and simply continued because
nobody was stopping it so the president
tried to stop it which temporarily
created more children in cages which
gave CNN the story now they're doing the
same thing with the caravan have you
noticed the caravan coverage I talked
about this yesterday there's that one
photo of the the woman with two little
children and they're say was that a tear
gas or pepper spray or something going
off like 50 feet away from them now if
you were to talk about that objectively
you'd say stuff like well it looks like
the caravan was using these poor people
and pushing them in front
to make it a to make it a news story and
CNN fell for it or writers sell for it
whoever took the picture but everybody
reported it and and you you would talk
about it objectively but they're using
these pictures of the children and the
teary and it's not tear gas it's I think
they said it was peppers pepper gas or
something so they're saying that if you
were to argue against whatever position
they're putting forward that you would
be in favor of pepper spraying children
so CNN is literally taking children as
as human shields for their news stories
so you can't criticize them it's like
well you could criticize our position on
immigration laws because that would just
be talking about laws that's fine but
can you criticize us when we say it's
wrong to pepper spray a child that's our
position our position is that it's wrong
to pepper spray us child
whyever you say I'm gonna turn in to you
in favor of pepper spraying children our
position is it's wrong to put children
in cages whatever you say I'm gonna say
that makes you in favor of children in
cages so children as human shields let's
talk about the climate report and the
financials
have you heard anybody else besides me
say that the climate port climate report
from just a financial perspective is
actually good news because a 10% hit to
the GDP over 80 years when the GDP is
going to go up by multiples in other
words the GDP will be up this much but
the climate report said don't get so
happy about it being up this much in 80
years because it's really only gonna be
up this much you know that's just good
there's gonna be a 10 percent we head
over that time
has anybody but me have you heard
anybody say that they have literally
reported good
use that it's not that big a problem yes
we have to do all the things we can do
to make sure it doesn't get worse and
you would do those things anyway for a
green energy to make the world a better
place
Oh somebody said that whilst Wall Street
Journal did I haven't seen that link if
somebody can send me that link but are
you are you surprised that number one no
one has debunked what I said in other
words no matter what I say even on these
periscopes you know most of you are sort
of friendly to my message as it were so
I would expect you know it would be
normal for 95% of you to agree with most
of the things I say which is the reason
you're here in the first place because
there it's a type of message that's
compatible with you but no matter what I
say and you've noticed it here Arthur
always at least 5% of the people who say
my god Scott you can't do math you don't
know the data here's the link you idiot
you have you noticed that that's a
very consistent thing but on this one
topic where I said I'm looking at the
same number as you are and 10% is a
small number prove me wrong
can have you seen even one person on
this periscope or anywhere else in the
world go directly at that point and say
no 10% over 80 years is actually a big
number and it's a catastrophe
has anybody supported their own side in
in the in the in the same zip code as my
point somebody said I just made an
argument I didn't see it ah Wall Street
Journal says it won't crash the economy
well I
so the Wall Street Journal makes the
same point somebody saying now have you
seen that point on either I haven't seen
it on Fox and I haven't seen it on CNN
certainly not going to see it on msn
BC would would you say that that's that
that version of analysis is just being
ignored or smothered or people don't
know if it sounds right or not hey it
was an opinion piece in The Wall Street
Journal alright so here's the thing why
is it an opinion piece so if the if the
closest that message got to being a
mainstream message is an opinion piece
it never made it to the news didn't the
original report itself make it to the
news you know not just the opinion the
the climate report that just came out
was reported as news it wasn't reported
as an opinion because it is news it's
actual news it should be reported as
news but my point that 10% is a small
number compared to how big the GDP will
be by then that's also just true right
it's not an opinion is it and I guess
that's what I'm saying is that I don't
believe I'm saying something that's an
opinion it feels to me that it's just
mathematically obvious as in two plus
two is four is not my opinion it's just
the way words wait math works both were
opinion you say so look for look for how
widely my opinion is completely
unchallenged and still not report it
it's kind of interesting isn't it and I
don't really have a I guess the best
theory for why that would be now let me
put this in a little bit of context you
you probably know by now that all of the
major news outlets follow my periscopes
and if I say something provocative that
they can mock it becomes a headline
story I think most of you have seen that
right you've seen me say stuff on
periscope
and then a day later there'll be a
feature article somewhere in which
they'll say Dilbert cartoonist says dumb
stuff here's why we think he's an idiot
or Dilbert cartoonist says something
useful so we're gonna talk about it
you've seen how often the rest of the
media copies what I say here or reports
it or mocks it right it's a normal thing
I I have high visibility and and I get
picked up by a lot of outlets now why
why are they so silent on this one point
both Pro Pro and anti now my guess is
that the people who who think I might be
right that 10% is telling us there's not
much of a big problem I think those
people are not confident that that they
can get away with that opinion in other
words if they report it they're not
they're not economist and they're
probably thinking to themselves he does
sound right 10 percent doesn't sound
like a big big deal if you're looking at
80 years and the fact and by the way the
10 percent only happens if we don't do
anything about it so the base assumption
that even gets you to the worst case
scenario of 10 percent is almost
certainly unlikely to happen so it's not
even 10 percent it's probably closer to
zero my guess if I had to guess I would
say the impact based on the report based
on their own report I'm not making up my
own report I'm saying that the report
that the government said that was
reported as a catastrophe by their own
report it says that's only if you don't
do anything to help it in 80 years in 80
years we're gonna do plenty of stuff
we'll be able to suck the co2 out of the
air if we care and we'll be able to seed
the clouds we'll be able to you know
Geoengineer the whole planet in 80 years
did you factor in economic growth from
climate change my guess is that the 10%
did not do anything
complicated in terms of figuring out you
know the anything from the you know the
change in the value of money I'll bet
they didn't include stuff like inflation
anything else that would make it at
least a complicated analysis alright so
I saw a headline that said that fentanyl
China might be humiliated and
embarrassed by the upcoming g20 meeting
this week maybe tomorrow or so in which
President Xi is reportedly unlikely to
reach agreement with President Trump on
tariffs to which I say good good I don't
think we should make any deal with China
so I read yesterday that one of the
reasons one of the reasons that China is
acting slow or at least not acting
effectively against the fentanyl
producers is that they have an archaic
drug approval classification system and
the stories the story goes that because
you can take fentanyl and change it a
little bit until it's a different
chemical but it does the same thing that
every time China classifies a new
fentanyl variety as illegal the the drug
users the drug dealers just change it a
little bit in the lab and now it's legal
again until China catches up so the
argument is that the Chinese legal you
know drug classification system is too
slow compared to the United States where
I believe fact-check could be on this I
believe that our our classification is
more broad so that if you made a variety
of fentanyl it would still be illegal
under our system or it'd still be
classified the same as fentanyl now
doesn't seem to you that China can't
solve that problem does it seem Eve
a little bit likely that yeah we
understand that China's bureaucratic
things don't work the same things take a
long time but does it even seem a little
bit even a little bit credible that they
can't solve this problem that is as easy
as saying oh let's do what America did
and classify the you know the whole
group of drugs even if they're a little
bit different you think that China can't
figure that out do you think the
president she can't pick up the phone
and tell whoever's in charge of that say
hey you keep classifying these with too
much detail you know just just say the
whole the whole range of them is illegal
and then we'll be done with us can you
take care of that by tomorrow thank you
President Xi goodbye do you think that
China can solve that problem in 24 hours
I don't and so when when the news sorry
I've got it it she knows this is weird I
hate it when my nose itches because it
looks like I'm doing something else but
it's literally just the itch so the the
headline which was interesting that I
tweeted was that China would be
humiliated at the g20 and I think that's
the word that's the operative word this
should be treated by President Xi as a
total humiliation he's going he's going
to the g20 to talk about international
trade and he can't even make a phone
call
think about that think how ineffective
and embarrassing that would be to be the
head of China and you can't solve this
problem that could be solved with one
phone call in fact you don't even have
to make a phone call if you're the
president of China you could just turn
to your your chief of staff whatever
whatever they call them there and say
hey chief of staff
could you go tell our version of the FDA
just to classify all that fentanyl stuff
the same and just make it all illegal
and then the chief of staff says okay I
think I could have that done in an hour
and president she apparently can't get
that done now some people are saying
it's intentional its strategic it's part
of the negotiations okay I'm okay with
you thinking that if you're okay with me
saying that they're humiliating
themselves in public and making a
laughingstock of China China no longer
deserves respect I wouldn't you know if
you had asked me a you know a year ago
do you respect China I would say well
they do some they do a lot of things I
don't like you know a lot of things I
don't like but you really have to
respect that well they run you have to
respect that they're doing a good job
for China you know you have to respect
where they were and how far they've come
to be a major power and a year ago I
would have said you gotta respect China
and in fact I've said lots of glowing
things about their you know they have
engineers in charge of things which I
kind of like because they make
irrational decisions but I'd say in the
past year they have disgraced themselves
to the point where you can no longer
afford them respect and President Xi is
really the the architect of that so you
know he's got to take the responsibility
for it now if somebody somebody asked me
on Twitter yesterday they were concerned
about me and they said that they hope
that China wasn't watching my periscopes
the the implication being that China
might somehow act against me you know or
kill me or something
and I thought to myself nobody wants to
die well some people do but most people
don't want to die but it would actually
be worth it in my case if China murdered
me it's not going to happen but if
trying to murder me
and they did it because I'm talking
about about their fentanyl trade it
wouldn't be good for the fentanyl
business I'm a little bit too
high-profile for that so I say you don't
want to get in a fight with somebody
who's willing to die it's it's the
ultimate fight you don't want to get him
to if China wants to pick a fight with
me I am actually willing to die on this
issue there aren't too many issues I'd
be willing to die for but if I have to
take a bullet to reduce the fentanyl
deaths in this country thirty thousand
deaths a year if me taking a bullet
could reduce the number of deaths by ten
thousand here you know I don't think you
would but hypothetically if all I did
was raise the raise the profile of the
issue so that people could work on and
it got more funding got more attention
made a difference I would take a bullet
for that would you not I mean if you
were if you were in the military and you
know you could sacrifice yourself to set
to save ten thousand people somewhere
else would you do it well I hope so we
have an entire military you know my
understanding my understanding is that a
hundred percent of the people who are in
the bullet military would take a bullet
to save 10,000 people so if China takes
me out it's just not gonna be good for
China but it might save a lot of people
all right
what would the simulation respawn you as
I love that question
because as I've said before there's so
much of me on on public digital media
you know there's so much of my opinion
my personality my my my physicality what
I look like how I talk how I move my
hands every part of that is part of the
permanent record and will live forever
on the internet so anybody who wants to
bring me back in the future they can do
it
all the parts are there now alright so
but he says am i real or a I so I've
said this before but I'm doing a series
in Dilbert you'll see in I think in
about a month you'll see a series and
I've said this before that the the real
reason we can't create artificial
intelligence is that we're trying to
we're trying to duplicate in a computer
the the intelligence that humans have
and we keep saying how come I can't
duplicate human intelligence in my
computer why is it so hard it seems like
we should have been done by now we've
been talking about AI for so long and we
have a little bit of it but it feels
like it would be more human-like by now
why can't we duplicate human
intelligence and there's a real funny
answer you can't duplicate something
that doesn't exist human intelligence is
literally not the jokey sense and
illusion if you were to program a
computer to act like a human it would be
a hot mess because look at look at
Twitter you would have to get rid of all
of its logic you would have to get rid
of the AIS a willingness to look at
context you would have to you know the
AI would have to be emotional it would
have to call you a racist no matter what
you said the AI would would have to be
crippled from what it already is in
order to be dumb enough and irrational
enough to mimic human intelligence and
so I can't I can't emphasize this enough
I'm not joking I'm not joking this is
literally why we can't develop
artificial intelligence we're trying to
do something that logically can't be
done you can't make a copy of something
that isn't there and that's what we're
trying to do we're trying to make the
copy of something that never existed in
the first place and we can't figure out
why the copy doesn't look right
[Music]
what I want for Christmas well I have to
tell you that many of you know I've been
taking drum lessons online so I have an
online drum teacher every couple weeks
we get together on iPad and and I get a
drum lessons and I had a digital drum
set but the digital drum set well they
have some advantages just doesn't really
sound like a drum set and so I bought
myself for Christmas a drum set which
turns out to be really hard if you're
not a drummer you can't really buy a
drum set did you know that like I
thought I would just go online on I
thought I would go on Amazon and now I
just look for a good drum set you know
because I can afford to get the good one
you know just you know buy a drum set
nobody sells that did you know that did
you know you can't buy a drum set unless
you buy like a low-end kit if you buy
the low-end it'll sell you a set of all
the stuff you need that looks like a
drum kit as soon as you get up to the
mid the mid-range and you look to shop
for a drum set and you say oh here's one
this looks exactly like what I want and
then you click the details and it says
does not come with a snare drum like
that's the most common thing does not
come with a snare drum and like snare
drum 80% of everything you do on the
drums is this their job and then it says
does not come with the hardware that
sort of holds them in place and I'm
thinking it doesn't come with the stuff
that holds it in place what do you do
put it on the floor no you have to
figure out how to get a separate a
separate snare drum how to separately
buy the hardware and then you've got to
find a kit that has the right number of
things for the thing you're buying and
then the cymbals didn't you think that
if you brought it bought a drum kit it
would come with cymbals right because
every drum kit has cymbals so if you buy
one of course it comes with cymbals oh
no oh no you do not want to buy a drum
kit and cymbals as a package because
you're not going to get the good stuff
so you have to separately
shop and figure out what you want for
symbols now you say to yourself well
there can't be that many options right
oho yes there are there are a lot of
symbols and it turns out that there's a
really big difference and if you don't
get the good ones you're gonna regret it
forever and don't go cheap on symbols
people tell me so I was lucky enough to
contact somebody had Sweetwater that's
big Music Store and haven't you happened
to be a drummer so he talked me through
oh you need this and this and even the
simplest stuff such as I knew I wanted
three symbols but all the pictures
showed four and I was like uh-huh
why can't I buy three symbols when all
all basic drum kits have have three
right got your hi-hat your crash arrived
and he explains to me oh it looks like
it's for cymbals but it's really three
because the hi-hat is two cymbals just
basic stuff that you wouldn't know how
to have it navigate until somebody who
was actually a drummer tells you and
then it gets worse so so then he
mentioned something about drum covers
and I said drum covers meaning the
surface of the drum that you actually
hit with a with a stick and and he says
yeah you'll want to you'll want to
replace those and I said replace them
how long how long will it take for the
ones that I buy with the drums to wear
out and he goes oh no you'll probably
want to replace it on the first day I'm
like what he goes yeah nobody likes
nobody likes the drum covers that come
with the drums
you know people replace them because
they gets a better sound and I said okay
well I don't want to do that because
apparently it's a big pain in the ass
you have to take apart the drum and fit
it in there and tighten it up and retune
it and you know if you're not a drum
player retuning is going to be a problem
right because you don't have the memory
of what it's supposed to sound like so I
said well okay well can you point me
toward the drum set that already has a
good drum head on it so I don't have to
do that at least until it wears out and
he said they don't make those and I said
are you telling me
that the drum industry which is a very
advanced industry lots of big players
and you're telling me that the drum
industry doesn't make a drum that you
would want to play if you knew how to
play drums and he said true you actually
can't buy drums that a good drum player
would want to play you could only buy
parts of things that you can you can
cobble together to make your own
personal situation are you freaking
kidding me in 2018 I can't buy a drum
set I have to compile it myself from
parts and that's that's the state of the
state of the industry anyway that's
enough on that I will talk to you all
later