probably one of the best things you've
ever
seen I'm
feeling like it's a nerdy Sunday just
the way you like
it good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
aren't you glad you're here but we're
going to take this up the levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains and for that all
you need is a copper muger glass a
tanker chelin a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure of the
dopamine h of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now go
ah the Sunday
version so so
good all right we're going to talk about
some funny science and then some funny
news stuff and then some funny politics
but uh we're going to talk a little bit
in detail about RFK Jr's policy plans
for fixing our uh drug and food
situation he's he's got a big article in
the Wall Street Journal I'll summarize
that for you because it's really
interesting but
first uh there's some science that says
that uh there was a study done it says
that women tend to give more money to
attractive men so I assume this means in
the business
context uh to which I say well you know
what I say
right um you could have saved a little
time and money by just asking Scott hey
Scott we were going to spend $100,000 on
this study to find out if women tend to
give more money to attractive men and I
would say ho ho for $10,000 I'll give
you an answer and they'll say really
that would save us $90,000 and I'd say I
know I know here's your answer yes yes
they will and if you're wondering if
they will do other things for attractive
men yes yes they will now I'm going to
give you a little extra I know I didn't
even promise this but suppose just
suppose you turned it around and the
question became would men give more
money to attractive women in every
context yes yes they would in every
context there safety
$90,000 uh here's another one uh science
uh found out that
uh the the higher your IQ the the less
you drink alcohol so the lower your IQ
the more likely you're going to have
problems with drinking too much huh and
they they're trying to figure out the
hypothesis for
why and one hypothesis is a quote one
suggested explanation for the
association between intelligence and
health is that cognitive skills enhance
possibilities to make Healthy Lifestyles
choices now let me translate that
from science
into normal
talk it turns out the science studied to
find out if smart people make better
choices you know what I'm going to
say you uh you could have saved a little
money on this one too hey Scott we're
thinking of doing a study it's going to
cost a million
dollars and the study was going to look
into do people with high IQ make better
choices and I would say hold on hold on
for merely $100,000 I can answer that
and they're like really we would save
$900,000 if you could do that I go watch
me watch
me people who are
smarter hold on listen to this make
smarter decisions across a whole range
of domains including lifestyle
choices but there's a second explanation
also you could have asked me if you were
a low IQ you might have some other
things going on in your life such as
lower income maybe things aren't working
out so well for you in general which
means that your happiness might be lower
than somebody who is finding out that
their life is working out because they
keep making smart choices
and so if you're not
happy this brings into uh into the
conversation what I call my pleasure
unit
hypothesis the pleasure unit hypothesis
I wrote about this in 2013 and before
that in my book uh had it failed almost
everything and still wind big and it
goes like this humans require a certain
amount of pleasure daily on average or
they will just kill themselves they just
can't live without some amount of
pleasure you can't go through every day
with everything being bad you just won't
you won't last so if you don't have
access to clean healthy
fun you're going to go the other way and
you're going to find well at least I can
have a drink or do a drug so you need
some pleasure so does it make sense that
people who have uh High IQs and maybe
the rest of their life is working out
too because they made good choices do
they have access to healthy
Pleasures yes because they've worked out
the details of their life so they have
access to good vacations and stuff like
that so for two reasons you would expect
IQ and alcohol to be related one is
smart people make smarter choices and
they know alcohol is poison so they just
try harder to stay away from it and all
of the things that are bad for them and
the other is they don't need to get bad
sources of pleasure because they have
more access to good sources of pleasure
should have asked
me well you know I'm a nerd when it
comes to new energy sources and whatnot
but the Oakridge National Laboratory uh
used a supercomputer not
AI uh apparently you need a
supercomputer more than you need AI for
this um to make a new kind of material
that gives you a 21% advantage and Power
in ways that are not well explained but
I just have to say this
probably the most dynamic and exciting
part of science at the moment is
materials just making
material because if you can make a
material that's stronger and lighter
well suddenly you saved like a ton of
energy for making your airplanes if you
can make materials have certain
qualities that you couldn't make before
then suddenly you've got a battery that
doesn't catch on fire and is much better
than regular batteries but Material
Science is never sexy
because it's never the finished product
right a car is sexy a phone is sexy but
the materials they go into all the parts
not so sexy but wow there's just amazing
things happening and I think AI plus
supercomputing uh are going to see more
of these big breakthroughs of new
materials anyway that's the good news uh
Washington Post is getting uh
mocked
um here are two headlines one from
before she was chosen to be the
candidate for president and one after
see if you can determine any change in
tone so before she was the candidate she
was just the vice president The
Washington Post had a headline now these
I think are more opinion pieces but the
headline was a commer staff Exodus
reignites questions about her leadership
style and her future Ambitions well
that's kind of negative yeah staff
Exodus reigniting questions better
leadership style oh yeah dumping on her
but then after she gets nominated here's
uh here's the Washington Post again K
Harris ran her office like a prosecutor
not everyone like that huh suddenly
they've turned massive staff turnover
into a slightly positive
thing the first time they framed it it
sounded like she was an incompetent
leader and nobody wanted to work there
the second time they framed it she was a
demanding leader with high standards and
you'd better meet those standards or
you're not going to last long in that
high performance
atmosphere anybody notice a difference
there at all a little bit of difference
of
tone and then the Washington Post is
also being mocked for uh there was this
visit that Harris made to a spice store
I didn't even know there were spice
stores but apparently there's a spice
store in in uh
Pennsylvania and she went into one and
uh one of the Washington Post uh writers
decided that the story to write that day
was which spices she brought so somebody
actually posted on X just a list of the
spices she bought at the
store got he was severely mocked by
Glenn Greenwald and other people anyway
that's what uh Washington Post writing
looks like an embarrassing profession
anyway more about that spice store so
there's a viral clip where KL Harris is
hugging some uh older white lady who's
crying about I think she's crying in
happiness because Harris is there or
something I don't know but uh people are
saying it was all staged and the the
store was a famously anti-trump
store so the the store has has put
anti-trump you know marketing stuff you
know don't we don't even want you to to
shop here if you're a trump supporter I
mean really dark stuff and uh they got a
lot of
publicity but I can't imagine it worked
out for him because it looks like the
owner of it is some deranged looking
leftist and uh he's got those crazy eyes
in one photo I saw you know the Crazy
Eyes the leftist eyes look like this if
you're only listening to this again
you're missing a great impression of
leftist eyes
hey and look at my smile that doesn't
match my eyes that's kind of
creepy yeah you don't see that on the
right there I'm not saying the people on
the right are all you know error free
and they do all the right things I'm
just saying they don't have that
specific facial expression there is a
facial expression that you just don't
see in conservatives for whatever reason
I don't
know anyway um
Wall Street Journal uh printed a story
about Ai and Elon Musk took a few hours
before the xplatform outed it as fake so
it was a fake story they got everything
wrong Elon Musk weighed in and said nope
this is not true just completely
wrong so you don't even need to hear the
details because it was all
wrong um and then the guy who posted it
said it was the fifth time that the was
W Street Journal has had an incorrect
article just about uh
xai so that that's your
news I love the fact that you can see in
real time the um the uh the what's the
name of the effect I'll remember in a
minute um the the Gilman Amnesia effect
where if you know the truth because the
stories about you or some expertise you
have you know that the news is uniformly
wrong
but if you think if you don't know
anything about the story you just read
it and go well that's probably right so
imagine being Elon Musk and reading
stories about
himself every
day how many of those stories about
himself do you think are
accurate
20% at best probably 20% maybe
less anyway um so haris says latest hoax
is the afford able Care Act uh and that
Trump wants to get rid of the Affordable
Care Act that you might call Obamacare
now what is the truth of that is it true
Comm Harris just said it said Donald
Trump intends to end the Affordable Care
Act which would take us back to a time
where insurance companies had the power
to deny people with pre-existing
conditions what does Trump say about
pre-existing conditions he absolutely
does not want that
he's not going to make it worse his take
on the Affordable Care Act is that yes
he does want to replace
it
with something better and if he can't
come up with something better he will
not replace it now that's actually
saying
nothing am I
wrong let me give you an example of some
other things this would apply
to um I'm going to give rid of
NASA but only if I can come up with
something better than
NASA so are you getting rid of NASA
no unless you could magically come up
with something better I don't know you
or maybe I was souring all to Elon Musk
might be better no it's a it's a general
statement that you're not going to
change something unless you can figure
out how to make it better that's all
Trump is saying that he thinks he can
make it better but if he can he won't
change
it there's not really much to worry
about and he definitely doesn't want you
to not be able to get health care
because of pre-existing conditions I'm
pretty sure he's on board with the
pre-existing conditions
part now so you've seen how bad the news
is and you've seen that the politicians
are lying to us about really easily
checkable I mean you just had to Google
it and you can see that it's not true
that Trump just wants to get rid of it
and go back to where we were no that has
never been part of his stated or even I
assume nobody would think that way
because that would be sort of a dumb way
to think so if you know that the news
we're seeing is not true and you know
that the politicians are all
lying what does that tell you about our
history do you think our history was all
accurate you know I've said a few times
you should watch there's a show on
Netflix called uh Wy her and the cowboy
Wars it's the worst title for a show
you've ever heard but ignore the title
it's really interesting because there's
a real world events but you're going to
see that the the judicial system was
100% corrupt in those days it's based on
real stories by the way you can see that
politics and even the selection of the
president 100%
corrupt 100% just everything's
completely corrupt big business
100%
corrupt and that's where we were just in
the
1800s 100% corrupt in every system in
the United States business Politics the
courts 100% corrupt and you think we
grew out of it
right it's not likely it's not likely
that any of that
changed it's it's likely that if found
now had a hide back better it may have
changed form but no now when I say the
justice system is corrupt I don't mean
the everyday cases you know I think if
you rob a
bank probably the justice is roughly
Fair
um all right can we can we stop showing
short list pictures of me in the
comments all right that's sort of
dickish
Behavior Uh
yeah during the show it's it's bad
for so don't do that anymore please
anyway um what was I talking about oh so
this brings me to the question of uh
Churchill so re revisiting the fact that
uh Tucker had a uh a historian on named
Daryl Cooper who said that uh it's hard
for me to paraphrase a long conversation
but effectively that uh Churchill was
more of a bad guy than a good guy when
it came to World War II and may have
been responsible for some bad outcomes
that plague us still today now is that
true do you think Churchill is the
Churchill that you learned about in
school or is Churchill closer to what
Daryl Cooper said or is neither of those
true and there's something that's sort
of in the middle that's true I don't
know how would I know how would any of
us
know if we can't tell what's true today
how in the world can we tell what was
true them given we know that the news is
fake the politics is fake business is
fake it's all
fake so um but there's a second part to
this
story um there's have you noticed that
conservatives are sort of getting on
each other lately
I'm going to skip
ahead so I feel like there's all these
little arguments that are
happening uh among Trump supporters and
anti-trumpers and I wonder how much of
this is
natural it looks natural I mean it looks
or organic like things just happen to
pop up and people disagreed on him but
it's kind of weird that right before the
election there's this huge
multi- battle thing going on where a
bunch of conservatives all found reasons
to be mad at each
other kind of weird I don't know what's
going on there but but this one struck
me um especially so Seth Dylan of uh The
Babylon B founder founder or CEO or both
I don't know of the Babylon
B um got into it with terer Carlson and
tker car I think he made some comments
on X and then Tucker Carlson must have
contacted him by text and they had some
exchange and then they both talked about
it so Tucker's version of what happened
um suggested that Seth texted him but
the wording is a little ambiguous I'm
not sure he said that he just said that
he
texted but um Seth
objects because he wants I guess he
wants you to know that Tucker texted him
first but then there was some back and
forth so when Tucker says that um Seth
texted him I don't think he was
necessarily implying that he texted him
first just that what they talked about
was in text form so um
but let's see so so first Seth fact
checked him on
that and he said that he texts to
express outrage about the Daryl Cooper
guy because the Daryl Cooper guy was uh
some are saying a little too favorable
to
Hiller uh I'll just say that other
people say that so you can leave my
opinions out of this for
now
um and then there's some
disagreement between Tucker's version of
Seth Dylan's opinion and Seth's own
opinion of his opinion now typically I
like to look at people's own opinion of
their opinion not other people's
explanation of their opinion to figure
out what is true so the question is
whether uh he expressed
outrage or did he mock him so Seth is
saying he mocked uh Tucker Tucker saying
he expressed outrage and then some other
words that were interesting is that
uh Seth said he thought it was pretty
wild so this is Seth explaining his own
approach he said it was pretty wild I
explained that to see a Hitler apologist
platformed and praised effusively by
terer
Carlson and uh Tucker said in reply
platformed you mean spoke to I said yeah
you spoke to on your platform to
purposely amplify his voice and that has
understandably raised some eyebrows and
then that gets into the question of uh
censorship so does it seem to you that
Seth Dylan was um applying some citizen
to Citizen
censorship you know not legally of
course but putting pressure on people to
stop doing
that because I feel like that might have
been Tucker's feeling because when he
said platformed do you mean spoke
to so here's the
question although nobody's saying that
Tucker doesn't have free speech and he
can platform anybody wants and he can
amplify anybody wants uh because he he
is the number one number one podcaster
in the
world so I guess he gets some rights to
to do things within the
law
um but I I think I see the uh yeah it's
easy to see both sides of this isn't
it on one hand I'm 100% in favor of
Tucker Carlson putting uh offensive
non-standard people on the air to hear
what they have to
say I'm equally happy when the people
who don't like that say publicly here's
why I don't like it and why so I
appreciate Seth Dylan weighing in so we
can see his how he feels about it and
probably not too different from how a
lot of people feel about it so to me
this is all
good this is the free speech I like I
like it where tuer Carlson puts on
somebody that other people say oh my God
why are you amplifying and platforming
this but we hear that too as long as I
can hear the platforming and the
amplifying but I can also hear Seth
Dylan and others say hey I'm not sure
that amplifying this particular point of
view is good because we don't think it's
accurate or whatever our problem is with
it
so on one hand you can say to yourself
hey here's some
unhealthy conservative to conservative
disagreement and then I would disagree
and say no you're just seeing the
healthiest thing that could ever happen
in a republic somebody put a voice on
that is deeply
disturbing and somebody said that's
deeply disturbing and then I got to hear
both I got to hear the opinion and I got
to hear the opinion about the opinion
I'm
done good job both of you so I'm going
to give a compliment to both of them
this is the fight I want to see I want I
want to see you fighting over the
question of you know whether it was good
to platform him but not the question of
whether it's a right and it wasn't
questioned so Dylan did Seth Dylan did
not question whether he had the right to
do it or it made sense to do it or
anything he just made sure you saw the
other
opinion good for him so I hope uh hope
it doesn't cause any longterm anything
it's a it's a good healthy
sign um you may have heard this story uh
so Jack bobc has a new book uh Joshua
lysek is part of that part of the uh the
book writing process there and getting
it uh independently published and uh so
the first day it's going to be available
it shows up on Amazon uh with a porn a
porn title instead of the actual picture
of the book
book so it's an
accident so accidentally the book that
uh would probably have a I assume uh by
the way it's it's called
uh let me give you the title of the book
it's called the bulletproof and it's
it's the first book about the
assassination attempt on Trump now given
that the assassination attempt happened
really recently the first big book that
you know gives you a point of view on
this that's presumably a positive one
for
Trump is going to make some it's going
to make some news it's going to make
some
waves and uh it hits and I don't know if
you know how book publishing works but
since everybody's trying to make a
bestseller list if your first few days
of publication get
botched you you're not going to make the
bestseller list if the first week
you like you get a lot of good positive
attention well then you maybe you hit
the bottom of the list and then when you
get on a list it becomes self-fulfilling
so the entire game of book publishing is
is sort of a first week game every now
and then there's a book that that's been
around for a while and people discover
but it's very rare So book publishing is
a first week
game this is probably only available on
Amazon but I'm not sure and Amazon just
took him completely out of the game by
having mistake on the cover now is that
an
accident have you ever heard of this
happening ever that somebody put on a
conservative leaning book and it got a
porn cover on the first week
accidentally I've never heard of it so
you really have to ask yourself did that
happen by
chance did it you know the the only way
you could know for sure is if somebody
else had let's say another independently
published book that was positive for
Trump that also got some kind of a a
glitch so if that happened at the same
time you'd say to yourself huh that's
two of them right before the election
huh my book win bigley is about to be
republished with a second edition in an
update do you know why I I haven't told
you it's already
available
guess there's a glitch in the
system can't figure out what's wrong
with it yet we're trying to figure out
why yeah two for
two two for two now to be fair the
process of independent
publishing is fraught with natural
errors so it's not the first time I been
through the cycle because I you know
Joshua and I did a few other books
already so it is an error prone just
amazingly error
prone almost every step we were hitting
some kind of a problem that we've never
seen before and weren't sure who to talk
to to even fix it it's like one problem
after another of the same same weird
nature well we've never seen this before
and we're not even sure how to fix it or
maybe we'll fix it in a week you know
just all this impossible to fix stuff
so uh let me just say this it's called
bulletproof it's uh Jack babic and
Joshua lysc you can order it now I'm
pretty sure they won't send you the porn
book I think they'll send you the real
one and if you'd like to see a trump
related book that maybe there was a
little bit of shenanigans going on but
we don't know for sure if you'd like to
make sure that those Shenanigans if they
happen but we can't be sure make no
difference at all you might want to pick
that one
up all
right
um Joe fried I hope that's the way he
pronounces it it's spelled like fried
and the American Thinker is talking
about Pennsylvania and the election and
lots of smart people say whoever wins
Pennsylvania is going to be the next
president so this was a big one here are
a few things you might not know about
Pennsylvania Pennsylvania does not
require ID when voting by
mail does not require ID when voting by
mail but that's not a big problem right
because you could always check the
signatures oh wait in Pennsylvania they
don't check these signatures on the mail
and votes oh well okay
huh um
huh so they don't have requirement for
ID and they don't have requirement for
Signature
matching H
interesting
um here's my prediction
again I don't see that we have a system
that can produce a
winner do
you all right we we did have a system
that could produce a winner
but it was predicated on um the public
thinking that the system was
probably pretty solid and if there were
any problems we could kind of quickly
notice them them and correct them to the
courts if we needed to that's what I
thought I thought the system was mostly
solid and if there was any problem we'd
probably spot it correct it
eventually now what do you think now
that we've spent a few years looking
into you know what 2020 was and wasn't
and learning about the different
processes is it obvious to you that the
system is designed for the purpose of
hiding cheating not for the purpose of
having a fair
election to me it's really super
screamingly obvious that it's designed
to hide who
wanton just in case you need to hide it
this is the way you design it if you
were trying to hide the result not the
not if you were trying to be transparent
and make it easily auditable you
wouldn't do it this way and then you've
heard you've heard all the other state
rules that clearly are designed to
obscure the the result they're so
obviously clearly screamingly
obviously designed to obscure who
won so do you think we're going to have
a result where the America says oh looks
good to me yeah a few a few little
complaints we'll look into those but
basically we'll just certify it I don't
think there's a
chance because it doesn't matter who won
if Trump won the the other side is going
to say Russia game the system
if if Trump doesn't win half the country
is going to say well you did it again
and there's going to be all these
stories about precincts that were
irregular
so I don't see any possibility with our
current setup because you know I always
say design is Destiny our current design
if you add on top of it the the
knowledge that now everybody knows all
the holes in the system that wasn't the
case in 2020 in 2020 our design held
barely because somebody did get
certified and somebody did serve on a
term almost
right so I'd say that
system worked but it was really close to
not working but now we've added the
knowledge of all the ways that they're
obviously trying to hide the result not
reveal the
result now nobody could trust it because
everything that the Republicans
uncovered you know to further their own
point of view is also known by democrats
now because the Democrats would also say
but wait a minute we just lost this
election and you just told us all the
ways that elections can be cheated how
do we know you didn't cheat and the
answer is you
don't you wouldn't know either way so no
there isn't any chance we could get a
result and we're all we're all blindly
just walking toward it like that's
okay I I think there's a lot of Hope The
Wishful Thinking involved at this point
there isn't really any chance of
electing a president that the country
agrees was legally elected that that has
been
removed by the current design of the
system the system is designed to
guarantee we don't have a president
after the election at least not one that
people agree
on so I don't think that there's going
to be a Civil War and the reason is I'll
I'll tell you again it's funny that this
isn't obvious to everybody who would you
shoot there's nobody to shoot
even if you thought there was one
Precinct that cheated you wouldn't even
really be able to find
out who did what
when every time you thought you could
find somebody to be mad at like a
revolution we're going to bring some
violence and fix everything violence
against whom your
neighbor your neighbors fine they just
voted for somebody else you're not going
to kill your neighbor for voting
differently than you voted
there's nobody to there's nobody to take
it out on the the reason that January 6
was such a weak and ineffective thing is
that the best thing they could think of
doing was
trespassing H if you if you steal this
election again we're going to trespass
again no it's worse than that there
might be graffiti involved we're going
to trespass and we're GNA move a
Lecter we're gonna move that Lecter and
we're GNA graffiti
that'll teach you we'll reverse
everything no there's nothing to do
there's no there's no lever to pull
there's no button to push there's nobody
to shoot so when I say I recommend no
violence it's because there's no
purpose we we have to figure out some
other way because there's nobody to
shoot and there won't
be so leave your guns at home there's
nobody to shoot
so here's a good example of how our
uh our uh two movies on one screen is
working so Kyle Griffin did a post on X
that people are reading completely
opposite ways so I'm just going to tell
you what his post was and then I want to
see if you do you say this is a prot
trump post or is it an anti-trump post
that's the fun I'll just read it the way
it's written then you tell me is this
Pro Trump or
okay and it's being interpreted both
ways by
conservatives all right so Kyle Griffin
posts this it's just four sentences Mike
Pence isn't voting for Trump Mitt Romney
isn't voting for Trump Paul Ryan isn't
voting for Trump Dick Cheney isn't
voting for
Trump all right so those are four
prominent Republicans not voting for
Trump is that prot Trump or anti-trump
well if there's one thing I can teach
you it's that communication doesn't make
any sense unless you understand the
communicator the person who said it if
you don't know who said it then
sometimes you can't tell what is sarcasm
and you know what is
honest and uh if you didn't know that
Kyle is pro Trump as far as everything
I've ever seen from him you might think
that he's mocking Trump by saying all
these Republicans are against him if you
knew that he would have the opinion I'm
sure I mean I'm not a I'm not a mind
reader so I guess I should couch this as
my very strong opinion of what Kyle was
up to I think he was showing that the
the four least respected Republicans
from a magga perspective there would be
four of the least respected Republicans
uh are against them and that's a
positive thing that you would be worried
if these four were in favor of
trump that that would be a red flag for
magga people but um people were not
quite sure if this was prot Trump or
anti-trump it is pro
Trump I feel confident in that
opinion uh George Bush George W bush
said he uh won't endorse a candidate in
2024 so he didn't go as far as is saying
he's going to vote for he's going to
vote for a Democrat uh that was probably
the right play but once again all five
of these um Republicans appear to be the
big war Republicans if the big war
Republicans don't like Trump I like
Trump
better V ramaswami was predicting that
quote very strange things will happen if
if Trump has a good debate and K Harris
uh
melts down like some people think she
might um and as he says V says they've
already sued him prosecuted him tried to
kick him off the ballot and swap down
his opponent now V is smart so he
doesn't say they tried to kill
him it's good to leave that one out
because we don't have a connection
direct connection but you know I know
all of you are thinking it aren't you
you're thinking I don't think it's a
total coincidence that a bullet hit the
president's here or future president
past
president
um and V says all of it could be a
preview of what's to come I 100% agree I
would imagine the Democrats have a plan
a b c and d if plan a well plan a was
Biden I guess so that didn't work out
plan B is KL
Harris plan Plan B also includes you
know trying every hoax and every
technique legal and otherwise to get rid
of trump if none of those things work
what exactly is Plan
D if a b and c didn't work out at all
and we see that they seem to be in an
existential crisis as in they think that
they'll all go to jail or be killed or
be on of on a work or something if Trump
comes into office what would they be
willing to do having done all of those
things already you know the lawfare ETC
I don't know but I'm totally on V's
point of view here which is if you think
they don't have any
plans I think you're totally
wrong I think that assassination plans
are actually
discussed now not necessarily at the top
you know I'm not saying that Nancy
Pelosi has ever had a you know a quiet
conversation about you know we we could
we could maybe set up an assassin I
don't think that's happened or at least
I prefer to think that that's not likely
but you can't tell me that there's
nobody within the entire Security State
of the United States who hasn't had a
serious conversation about that
nobody I think somebody asked I don't
know who again not at the top probably
but I I got to think that bad people
talk about bad things so wouldn't spr Ur
me so yes buckle up whatever happens is
going to be
interesting well Trump put on his
statement which I could not be happier
about uh telling people that uh when he
wins he's going to go hard on any
cheaters in the election and I would
like to just read his statement all
right so Donald Trump says cease and
desist I together with many attorneys
and legal Scholars and watching the
sanctity of the 2024 presidential
election very closely because I know
better than most the rampant cheating
and skull duggery that has taken place
uh uh in the 2020 election it was a
disgrace to our nation so he goes
therefore the 2024 election where votes
have just started to be cast will be
under the closest professional scrutiny
and then he says when I win in all caps
those people that cheated in all caps
will be prosecuted to the fullest extent
of the law which will include long-term
prison sentences so that this depravity
of Justice does not happen
again um and more stuff about
uh Beware that this legal exposure
extends to lawyers political operatives
donors illegal voters and corrupt
election officials so he's making sure
everybody
knows that if they break the law the
laws coming for
them and they'll they'll be sought and
caught and prosecuted at levels
unfortunately never seen before in our
country now some of you might remember
that I suggested it would be a real good
idea for the Trump campaign to let the
world know that if he gets
elected the election cheaters are going
to be in more danger than any election
cheaters ever been in
before now on top of that I want to see
The Whistleblower Rewards
get punched a little harder so that
Democrats at least have heard the story
that they could be in a lot of trouble
if they
cheat now uh the funny part is that
Gavin Nome reposted this with uh trying
to do the dictator thing oh this is what
a dictator would say you know I think he
said this shows that Trump plans to lose
you know then claim it was the cheating
I guess but all Trump needs is for
people to know that he said this so his
win is every time it gets reposted so if
all the Democrats repost it and say oh
this is a bad thing he's saying then all
the Democrats watch those posts hear
that they could be in a lot of trouble
if they cheat so the more people
complain about this the better it is
because more people will hear that
there's an extra risk of cheating this
time and I'd like to see more attention
on The Whistleblower
Awards so that you know that not only
will the prison sentences be
extreme but somebody's going to get paid
for turning you
in all right um on top of that Trump
promised that once in office he would uh
do an executive
order uh to stop uh any federal
employees from colluding to limit free
speech so this would be uh keeping
keeping them from talking to the press
or social media to try to change the
reporting and he would fire anybody who
was involved with it in the past who was
part of the bureaucracy I like
that um NBC News is reporting that uh
people are starting to turn to Trump on
the fenel question meaning they think
Trump would be a little more of a hard
ass on Fentanyl and so people who are
been have been around any fental
tragedies as I have this would be the
the month that my stepson died of a
fentel overdose in
2018
um so so that's that's the thing that
even some Democrats are turning toward
Trump because the fenyl thing goes right
to the top of your list if you lose
somebody if you lose somebody to a fenel
overdose it will be your number one
issue and so it's a number one issue for
an extra 70,000
families so it's 70,000 times maybe 10
people a piece are you know strongly
affected by any one death more people
are affected but for any one death
there's 10 people who really have a bad
time with it you know on average so
you're talking about 700,000 people a
year who have a direct emotional hard
hard experience from somebody they know
passing away
so that's potentially that's a lot of
votes and I don't I don't know if that's
being completely
captured uh in the uh the polling but my
take is that it doesn't matter which
candidate gets uh elected because I
don't think no I don't think anybody's
going to do anything on
fenel you maybe science will find a way
to make it less deadly I've talked about
a number of scientific things to like
vaccinations against it Etc uh but you
know vaccinations would have its own
risk but uh I'm quite convinced
that um some part of the American
government has some kind of a deal with
the cartels so the cartels don't need to
change what they're doing and we're not
going to bomb them so you can talk about
it but it looks like maybe the CIA or
somebody is going to stop it and say you
know we kind of need the cartels to
control the governments in other
countries and that's more important than
70,000 people dying per year
apparently so I'm not saying it's more
important I'm saying that must be the
argument that they need it more than
they need to stop the fenel and
realistically you could bomb everything
in the world and fenel would still get
through I mean if you only need you know
a bottle cap size a fentanyl to kill a a
city nobody's going to stop that it's
just too small you you could put
you know even a tiny drone could carry
enough fentanyl across the
border there's just no way you can stop
fenel now I still prefer Trump on this
issue because he's willing to kill
people and I think some people need to
get
killed criminals dealers so on average
the bigger dealers if you're a large
dealer not just some Street person but
if you're a large dealer of fentol you
definitely killed people you are
definitely a murderer and if Trump if
Trump and the Republicans can get
through some we will kill you if you're
in this business and we catch you I'd be
in favor of killing all of
them now is that my logical
well-reasoned opinion nope that's my
opinion of somebody who lost a stepson
to a
fenel so I'm in favor I'll even I'll
even do it myself if if there's any way
I could volunteer to pull the lever to
kill dealers who dealt
fenel I I would volunteer in a heartbeat
uh just to watch The Life drain out of
their eyes I would love to do it I would
kill all of them in fact I'd never get
tired of it if you have a a thousand
people who need to be killed legally
only legally and somebody needs to push
the button and look in their eyes as the
life drains out of it I'll do that I'll
do that all day long and I won't even
require a payment I I'll pull that lever
just as much as you want to watch them
die so I prefer Trump on that because
I'd like to watch some people die it's
not an opinion I think you should have I
think you should live your life without
these thoughts in your
head but that's where I
stand all
right uh Matt Walsh has that M racist
movie I think that's the title right the
title is M racist
I hope I got that right I just saw a
trailer for
it it looks good it looks good met Walsh
even when I disagree with him which
happens now and then he does good
work can we all agree on that can we
agree he does a good product his his
monologues that he does are great even
when I disagree I love listening to him
uh and uh the trailer for this looks
interesting so in it he's having a
conversation with a woman
um who's complaining because her
daughter always picks the white
princesses in the Disney movie now the
mother is white and the child is white
but she's trying to make sure her child
doesn't become a racist and just
randomly Pro you know prefer white
people stuff and then Matt Walsh is
talking to her and he's playing as
straight and he says that his daughter
likes a uh Princess Moana Moana or Mona
from one of the movies I haven't watched
in which I think there is a person of
color Hawaiian I guess maybe Hawaiian or
some other Island and uh she's the star
of that movie and so Matt Walsh is
saying but if my daughter
picks this person of color and this
other culture and she wants to wear that
costume for um for
Halloween wouldn't that make her
culturally appropriating the culture and
the the racist woman is like M yeah good
point so if she only picks the white
princesses she's racist but if she likes
the person of color so much that she
would want to wear the same outfit she
would be appropriating her culture so
really there's two ways to be racist and
no way to not
be that's not exactly true but it's
funny here's an update on
Brazil uh let's see Brazil is trying to
destroy an American company and end free
speech
uh in the United States by taking out X
so naturally as you'd expect the US
ambassador to Brazil is very active and
trying to uh no I'm just kidding we we
haven't heard from the ambassador to
Brazil no nope um vacation this week
maybe on
vacation I I don't see a lot coming out
of there now this is all from Mike Ben
Mike Ben is watching the situation
carefully and he reminds us that every
day we hear nothing from the United
States about Brazil Banning X and going
after musk and after his assets every
day is confirmation that the United
States is behind
it it sure looks like the United States
is behind it now maybe the United States
doesn't back every single thing that
Brazil is doing but clearly they're not
trying to stop it which means that
they're preferring the some benefit to
Brazil over America so definitely not
America
First definitely not free speech so
whoever is in charge of whatever is
running this government are not in favor
of protecting America not in favor of
protecting American companies and
certainly not in favor of free speech
and these things we can say for
sure because it wouldn't take much to
put in a memo that says you know you
should stop with with American
companies or some shit's coming your way
that's just normal business the most
normal thing that the United States does
is say you know if you do it this way
we're going to be your friends but if
you do something this way suddenly it's
going to be hard for you to find trading
partners it's the most basic thing we do
and yet it's not being done it's not
being ignored it's not being mentioned
is not being anything so I would call
this a confirmation
that uh
Brazil is working with the United States
to destroy free speech in the United
States I think you could just say it as
a fact you know it feels like
speculation but I don't know what the
other explanation of our silences
there's no other
explanation um meanwhile Michael
shellenberger has actually gone to
Brazil to be part of uh you know the
resistance against this move against X
um he does say that the odds of him
being
jailed are unfortunately pretty high now
he hasn't been jailed yet and if he does
we're not going to be happy
Brazil uh if you jail Michael
shellenberger Brazil you you're gonna
have a fight on your hands I don't know
what that fight is going to look like
but you better cancel all your other
plans CU we're coming for you yeah if
you just take one of our Americans and
put them in jail especially a productive
one like Michael
shellenberger no we're not going to be
happy about that ju just want you to
know now we might have to wait for Trump
to be
president so you know worst case
scenario shellenberger stays in jail for
months until there's somebody who can do
something about it but there will be
something about it so I just want to
make sure Brazil knows clearly the
repercussions of messing with our
citizen down there are going to be
pretty extreme it's going to be really
expensive whatever it is whatever it
is anyway um you know that story about
uh tenet the company that uh allegedly
took some secret Russian money and was
uh funding some uh conservative
podcasters like Tim p and Dave Rubin and
a few others and uh
do you think that that's um yet another
inside
job because remember the the Russia
collusion hoax was driven by Hillary
Clinton it didn't come from Russia the
lap the
51 Intel people who lied about hunter's
laptop came again from presumably the
Democrat sources that didn't come from
Russia so now we've got this you know
mysterious ious Russian money went into
tenant do you think that it was really
Russian money that went into it or do
you think it was CIA or some
intelligence group that put money into
it why would they do
that why would they do that well for
this they would do that so that they
could smear the some of the strongest
conservative
voices you know the ones with big
platforms they could say well are you
listening to those uh Russian
Stooges so they create a situation that
for a mere $10
million they can create this fake
funding from a fake
Russian and it will look like the people
who were part of that
platform must be a little bit influenced
by Russia now there's no evidence that
any of them even were aware much less
had any kind of impact on their
editorial decisions which were none
there's no evidence no accusation that
any of them did anything wrong but does
it work as a dirty trick yeah it does
because it's one more story that
Democrats will not look into too deeply
and they'll say to themselves well there
it is again it's yet another example of
where Trump's supporters are working
with Russia I guess I guess uh Trump and
Putin just want to have like a love
affair so it's a little too close to
exactly what happened two times before
that right before an election there or
around an election there's this uh
Russian interference
story that's a little bit too on the
nose I wouldn't say that uh it was CIA
funded but if Russia funded it there was
no obvious reason for it because Russia
apparently didn't change any of the
behavior of the people who were hired
although they think maybe the the owner
of the company Lauren Chen may have
modified her opinions but I'm not even
sure that's
proven uh that's an
allegation so it would make more sense
if it were an inside job because then it
would make more sense that nobody tried
to influence Tim p and Dave
ruin um RFK Jr did a Wall Street Journal
article that' be behind a pay wall wall
for most of
you so you wouldn't see it
but it's quite detailed and I wanted I
wanted to share it with you this might
be a little nerdy for some of you but I
want to make the larger case that the
reason Kennedy is special and also Elon
Musk they have this in common there are
systems thinkers in other words Elon
looks at every system as a machine this
is my interpretation of what anybody
with his mind would be doing and so he
can see all the components
and Neo knows which parts need to be
tweaked to to fix things RFK Jr is the
same kind of mind so when he says we
need to have better food or uh safer
drugs he's not just saying I have a
goal he has specific
recommendations so I thought you should
hear
them because I don't think they'll be
coverage to much they're a little
detailed but they all have the following
um they all have the following
quality uh they change the
incentives so our current systems have
an incentive structure that just
guarantees bad behavior and it wouldn't
be hard to figure out where those
incentives are and remove them so rather
than just saying oh food should be
healthy and uh drugs should be tested
better and then nobody knows what to do
he gives very specific things to change
the motivation of the people involved
and that that should create the right
set of uh activities so one is uh reform
the prescription drug user free act um
so right now pharmaceutical companies
pay uh for a New Drug
approval uh every time they apply for
new drug approval that um about 75% of
the
budget goes to the
FDA so there's this gigantic expense to
introduce new drug most of it goes to
the FDA which makes a small drug firm
almost impossible to do any business so
the first problem is that the the big
players have a big money Advantage so
you take that away and now you have at
least the possibility that you would
have lower cost better drug people
coming in who didn't have that much
money to to do this
thing that's a system that's a change of
incentives and that makes sense uh he
wants to prohibit members of the US
Department of agricultural dietary
committee advisory committee God these
are long names this is the United States
Department of Agriculture dietary
guidelines advisory committee
jesz uh wants them to not make money
from food or drug companies well why
would they make money from Food and Drug
companies well it turns out that 95% of
the panel had conflicts of
interest oh my God 95% of the panel had
conflicts of interest in other words
they made money from people they
were supposedly managing if you
will um reviewing direct to Consumer
Pharma ads in other countries you can't
advertise direct to the consumer and
that's probably a good idea that makes
sense because then people get all worked
up on the drug commercials and go beat
up their doctors to give them the drug
and that's not the way you want to do
medicine you don't want the customer
telling the doctor what to
do
um change Federal Regulations so that
the NIH funds uh can't go to researchers
with conflicts of interest okay so it's
another conflict of interest thing uh
also make sure that we can negotiate on
drug costs so today in Germany OIC costs
less than a tenth of what it does in the
US do you know why why does OIC cost one
tenth of what it costs in the United
States because Germany negotiated the
price that's it and we're not allowed to
do that it's a 10 to1 Advantage just
because we have the wrong law we're not
allowed to do it so just change that and
then we could get lower costs presumably
the other countries would pay more
because right now we're subsidizing
other countries massively by making sure
the Pharma companies can stay in
business and then they can sell sell
Germany their cheap o zumic because it's
just a little
extra all right that's a good
idea um stop allowing the beneficiaries
of the supplemental nutrition assistant
program to use their food stamps to buy
soda or process foods to which I say
that was ever allowed the government is
funding people to buy food and beverages
that are literally
unhealthy yeah how about if you're on
some kind of government assistance the
only thing those dollars can go to are
things that are healthy
food yeah I'm down for that and by the
way it makes me want to go on food
stamps or something because then I could
get only healthy food it would force me
to do it I'm I eat pretty healthy now
apparently there a whole bunch of uh
pesticides that are legal in the United
States but illegal in Europe and he
Kennedy thinks we should get closer to
the European model
there and
uh I guess glyphosate isn't currently
banned in the
EU uh but some of the members don't use
it I
guess all right
so what do you think of those ideas in
Concept in concept could you ever
disagree with people not having a
conflict of
interest I feel like that's just sort of
obvious right the uh don't advertise
drugs to Consumers who don't you know
don't know what they're getting that
feels okay so some of these feel pretty
good I don't know if they're a full
solution but everything he says has a
you know a common sense element to
it all right I got a question for you uh
this is a
thinker so you're going to immediately
laugh because you think it's a
joke but then I'm going to say but is it
is it a joke tell me why it wouldn't
work all right here's the joke if
Democrats think that raising taxes on
rich people is good why don't they just
raise taxes on
themselves CU if you can't get everybody
to pay more taxes can't you at least get
the rich Democrats to pay more taxes
they seem to like that
idea so now you laugh and you say Ah
that's pretty funny you know but but
we're one country you know you have to
have one set of rules for
everybody to which I say no you
don't no I don't I don't believe there's
anything that requires us to have the
same set of rules for everybody can
everybody be drafted into the
military no you can't be 100 years old
and have no legs and be drafted into the
military can uh everybody go to grade
school well not if you're an adult no we
pretty much your entire
world decides who can and who can't for
everything right so no we can bifurcate
we can divide we can treat people people
differently we only need a reason but
what's the reason that the handicapped
people have handicapped
parking well there's a
reason they have trouble getting around
so yes you only need a reason but if you
have a
reason the society is very open to
treating people
differently here's my reason if
Democrats think it's a better world when
rich people pay taxes it's at least half
as good or half as much
better if at least the Democrats pay
more taxes now you might say to me but
Scott that's not going to be fair
because those taxes will go to benefit
Republicans as well as
Democrats to which I say not
necessarily why couldn't you for example
say We'll increase taxes on Rich
Democrats but that money will only go to
reparations
loses who's the loser in that there's no
loser Democrats think that reparations
make sense and that rich people have
enough money to pay
it the the people who want the
reparations think that they should get
them so then you would pair the people
who want to pay it with the people who
want to be paid it now you might say to
me but Scott what about the problem of
you know not all white
people you know got some benefit from
slavery
to which I say that's not a problem now
because all the Democrats don't care
about that you know they they just see
that there's a difference in equity and
outcome and they want to balance it but
but but what about no there's no what
abouts once you've paired the ones who
want to pay with the ones who want to
get paid it's just a question of the
number you just work out the
number now tell me that's a bad
idea it's not a bad idea why is it that
California can potentially consider
reparations that would just be in
California that's the there that's sort
of somewhat arbitrarily saying we're
going to look at this group of people
and tax them more than the people in the
state next to us we accept this all the
time this is completely acceptable
normal reproducible behavior that we
treat groups differently so let's treat
the Democrats who want higher taxes on
the red
give them exactly what they want higher
taxes on their own
rich and then nobody else has to pay
reparations either it just comes out of
the higher taxes on the Democrats who
loses nobody loses that I literally
described everybody getting what they
want now if you're not sold yet I'll get
let me give you a um sort of a
mental let's say a mental experiment
let's say that
tomorrow uh Putin said if you're a trump
supporter you can move to Russia and
we'll give you all $10 million and we
all believe it so all the conservatives
just pack up and Legally Legally they
just move right to Russia so now the
United States is nothing but Democrats
who want reparations and want to have
higher taxes to pay them so they
immediately change the law and then it's
only democr has left and they pay higher
taxes and they pay reparations who
loses there's no
loser right the people wanted to pay
paid the people wanted to get paid got
paid so if it works if you take all the
Republicans out of the
country why wouldn't it work if you just
ignored them all just pretend they're
not here because every Republican would
be okay with being ignored on that topic
well let let me get this R you're going
to ignore me in terms of taxes so I
don't need to pay more taxes but you're
also going to ignore me about who's
getting the benefit of those taxes that
I'm not paying anyway exactly oh okay go
ahead no problem at
all all right so there might be other
things like uh somebody said
abortion I want to test this out on
you this one's a real test to see if if
you have honest opinions that make sense
or if you just have brainwashed based
opinions you ready for
this
suppose the country agreed that
Democrats could have abortions On Demand
with no
restrictions but Republicans could
not what's wrong with
that then Democrats get what they want
which is to kill their own
babies and Republicans get what they
want which is that in the Republican
world it's illegal so it doesn't happen
and there are fewer Democrats cuz the
Democrats are you know killing their own
potential
Offspring now this is see this is why
this is a a good test for your own
thinking if you said to yourself I'm
fine with Democrats killing their own
babies then I submit to you that you
don't care about
abortion I submit to you that if you can
hold that opinion that it'd be okay for
the people you don't like to kill their
babies as long as you people who are
like you are not doing it then you don't
have a problem with
abortion all right if you're going to be
honest that's not a problem with
abortion because you would be you would
be opposed to it no matter who did it
where if you were opposed to abortion
but as soon as I said well let the
Democrats kill their own babies as long
as you know people like you are okay and
don't have that option the moment you
say that's okay you you're revealing
yourself that's not really about
abortion you're just on a team you're
just fighting for your
team all right so that's all I got on
that that's more of a thinker it's not a
serious suggestion I think it's time to
let everybody go back and enjoy their
Sunday I'm going to say a few words to
the find
subscribers on locals for the rest of
you I think you know that if you went to
dilbert.com you could pre-order the
Dilbert calendar for 2025 made in
America for the first
time and uh get more than one and the
shipping cost will be far more
reasonable
then and uh I would also
recommend if you're subscribing to the
dilbur comic that's available on XY
subscription see my profile for the link
um for the subscription link and also on
locals that today's Sunday Dilbert
reborn comic is one of the funniest I've
ever written in my opinion I looked at
it again this morning to look at the
final art and I laughed out loud at my
own comic now I don't often laugh out
loud like a a full hearty
laugh but I did today so I hope you
enjoy it and uh locals come coming at
you Rumble and YouTube and X thanks for
joining and you'll be uh cut off in
about 30 seconds and then I'll be
talking
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for