look good this morning mildly good could
get
better let's open up the comments here
and have us a show like there's never
been another show the show of shows
really there we go it's going to be
amazing
today all the signs are pointing
positively
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams I'm
pretty sure You' never had a better time
in your whole life but if you'd like to
take this experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cuper mro glass a tankered
shells or Stein a canteen Jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamin of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go oh my God so
good
Sublime well according to the New York
Post can a good cup of coffee turn a bad
day around yes yes it can
this the kind of science you
need there's a poll of 2,000 American
coffee Drinkers and 31% of them said
their entire day can be ruined if their
coffee isn't right that's why your
coffee should always lean right you
don't want leftist
coffee is that what they mean no I think
they just mean if it isn't correct not
right but uh one person in five claimed
that fresh coffee is quote better than
now when I heard that I instantly said
to myself fresh coffee is better than
sex come on now in the process of
testing to make sure that that was true
or
not um I learned something that I want
to pass along if you're planning to have
sex with your coffee wait about 10
minutes otherwise you will burn your
penis but one in five say coffee is
better than sex so they probably wait 10
minutes that's my guess cuz if they were
burning themselves they'd say not nearly
as good not nearly as good but it also
raises the
question for the one in five who said
coffee is better than sex I'd like to
see their sex
partners just for complete information
were you pulling the tens maybe not cuz
when I walk down the uh sidewalks of my
town and I look at the other human
beings I say h I'd rather have coffee
than have sex with
you um yep you I'd rather have coffee
than sex with you and you and you well
you're almost as good as a cup of coffee
over there so that is how I see the
world well there's new research
according to scitech daily that reveals
that cannabis can reverse brain aging
that's right a low dose long-term
administration of cannabis it turns out
study shows it reverses aging process in
the brain and also exhibits anti-aging
effects now you know who do you know who
knew
that could have asked me all right I I
want to be uh clear that I never
recommend marijuana even if it's legal
in your town don't do
it so it's not really a good habit to
get into however I will tell you that my
experience of it is that I would have
retired from my profession probably 10
years
ago but honestly my brain feels like
it's 19 and I'm pretty sure that my
lifestyle habits have something to do
with that because you can actually feel
the difference if you're a you know
chronic user like I am you you have the
difference between H I've already worked
too much today and wow I feel like I'm
19 I got I'm full of
ideas happens pretty quickly and I would
have I would have actually been
surprised if it didn't make your brain
more let's say um more uh flexible in
the youthful way it's what it feels like
so not a
surprised well Glen Glenn Greenwald is
uh he was talking to uh the FCC
commissioner Brendan car and I guess the
question was why would you be uh in
favor of banning Tik
Tock when uh you would not be in favor
of Brazil Banning X because in both
cases that would be a country Banning a
platform a free speech platform so why
would you be in favor of banning one but
not the other to which I would like to
my
comment
um one of them is an
enemy and one of them is coming from our
team let me uh see if we can do this
with an analogy now analogies are never
good reasons but sometimes they're
fun what would be the difference between
giving a gun to your best friend who's
trained in guns and on your side vers
versus giving a loaded gun to a deranged
criminal why wouldn't they be the same
it's the same
gun right same gun why would you care if
you give it to your best friend who's
trained to use it and wants to defend
you versus somebody who wants to use it
to kill you and Rob you what's the
difference really it's the same gun
people it's the same gun if you're in
favor of one you're in favor of the
other I don't see any difference well
now of course all all analogies are
terrible for
arguments because those of you who
disagree with me are saying let me pick
apart something about the analogy that's
not
identical well analogies are not meant
to be identical but since everybody will
pretend that they don't know that when
you present analogy analogies have no
value because people will just say but
it's different in another way that
doesn't make any difference so don't use
analogies uh but I would say that there
is a valid case for getting rid of a
weapon of mass destruction in the hands
of your enemy versus a communication
tool that might have things you don't
like on it they're not exactly the same
so to imagine that they're just both
free speech platforms is I would say
limited
view U P Diddy apparently has been
arrested we don't know the details of P
Diddy but what people are saying is that
he was the the Epstein blackmailer of
the you know music rapper world and that
allegedly his home had cameras in every
room and he would have uh big parties in
which he would convince rappers to do
gay stuff and get it on camera and then
blackmail and own the world and then he
could get away with
anything those are the
allegations they do sound a little bit
truish meaning that yeah I could believe
that that's what's happening but I
remind you it's fog of war and
absolutely anything could be true about
this story and anything that they tell
us could be false
so as hard as this is for me to
say B did he
is
innocent until proven guilty and he
hasn't been proven guilty so as a
citizen I'm going to give him the same
same consideration I give every
citizen which is he's innocent until
proven guilty now if something comes out
that sounds like proof I will
immediately modify my opinion as I
should but at the moment the only thing
I know is that law enforcement is
accusing him of something and I live in
a world where law enforcement accusing
you of something doesn't mean nearly as
much as it used to maybe it never meant
anything I don't know
but uh no as a as a concept I'm going to
say let's wait let's wait if they've got
a case will listen but innocent till
proven
guilty
um Chipotle is experimenting with some
robots to replace their employees
they've got one robot that can perfectly
peel
avocado I got to get one of those I need
an avocado
robot just to brag about you know
because at some point we'll have more
than one robot and you'll get to say
like really douchebag things like oh oh
no that's that's just my service robot
um if we want coffee you need to talk to
the coffee robot no no no not not for
the avocados that's the avocado robot
come on I've got more than one
robot so that's happening now the
question I have is how the industries
will adapt to robots because it seems to
me that any any company that's already
big is going to have a terrible time
getting rid of all their people and
replacing them with robots because there
might be Union problems there might be
lawsuits uh there's going to be all
kinds of problems so I have a
hypothesis that the first robot fast
food place will have to be a new startup
because it seems like it would be way
easier to start from it's all robots all
the time on day one and I think it
should be a soup and salad place because
if I were making robots I think they
could do a great job on soups and
salads they it might take them while to
saut√© or make a sandwich but a soup and
a salad mostly is just chopping and
putting stuff in a
bowl
well Bill maluan Fox News is reporting
about the number of Asylum Seekers now
remember the Asylum Seekers are not
technically here illegally because if
they came in and said uh I'm here for
Asylum even if someday they're turned
down while they're waiting they're
completely
legal now when people lump them into the
category of illegal immigrants are they
being fair about it well sort of a gray
area so it is completely and technically
legal because it's our system and they
came in through that system is it just a
work around to get more illegal people
into the country apparently yes I don't
think it has anything to do with Asylum
it looks like just a Democrat plan to
bring in more people we'll talk about
that a little bit uh Elon
Musk well how many this uh according to
mugan uh 530,000 migrants have been
flown in and then as you know they're
part of the Asylum program um and
another
83,000 have scheduled
appointments holy cow so Elon Musk says
uh this is his take on the whole Asylum
thing he says those granted Asylum
become citizens within five years
somebody said it's really six um but to
the same point which is just over one
presidential election cycle and then
vote overwhelmingly de Democrat and musk
says this is why so many are being
placed in large numbers in Arizona
Wisconsin Ohio and other swing states to
create permanent one-party rule by the
Democrats he puts Democrats in in
quotation marks because it's so
anti-democratic
well let's
see um is there anything else that's
happening in the country that would
suggest that Elon Musk is on to
something that the Democrats are doing
something that you know you might mildly
label as
undemocratic is there anything coming
from the Democrat side of the world
that's scary or alarming or undemocratic
anything well I'm going to play for you
a clip from Hillary Clinton this is new
and it's one of the scariest things
you'll ever see in your life I just want
you to listen to her voice and look at
her face and see if this doesn't scare
the the out of you and all she's
doing is talking on TV it's
frightening uh and let me show
you propaganda and whether they should
be civy or even in some cases criminally
charged is something that would be a
better deterrence because been boosting
Trump back in 2016 but I also think
there are Americans who are engaged in
this kind of propaganda and whether they
should be civy or even in some cases
criminally charged is something that
would be a better deterrence because and
boosting I
mean is that
scary just listen to her voice and her
manism while she's talking about
Republicans going to jail for saying
things she doesn't like and she's saying
that in a full-throated
non-bar non- hedged way that the people
saying things she doesn't like should
probably go to jail or be charged I'm
assuming jail would be you know the
penalty she is scary oh my
god
wow um and she also said that we should
take uh in a separate clip from the same
interview she said that we should take
Trump literally not just figuratively so
and she used the example that when he
says he wants to be a dictator for one
day that you should take that literally
she said that in
public that you should take it literally
when he says I want to be a dictator for
one
day how in the world could you take that
literally I mean that sounds like it
just sounds like a joke I mean it sounds
like a joke that she would even tell you
that you should take that literally who
could be a dictator for one day hey how
in the world could you take that
seriously but she's tried to sell that
to her her
sheep um and then she used that chaos
thing you know we should reject chaos
and we won't go back and then I looked
at uh the maze account on X had a joy
readed clip
um and where she was talking about how
the Russians have been grooming Trump
since
1977 like every time you see the Russian
stuff it just makes you think wait a
minute are all the Russia collusion
people the same team like a a subgroup
within the Democrat Party and I think
they are and I think that sometimes you
can see a web of connections reveal
itself by who who becomes visible in
what
situations so when you ever you see this
Russia collusion thing I feel like
there's the same subset of Democrats who
all emerg to talk about it Joy Reed is
one Clinton is one Brennan is one you
know you know the the designated Liars
always pop up that's how you can tell
which networks are operating within the
Democrat
party anyway um here is my take on how
to identify the brainwashers such as the
Hillary clintons and Joy Reed Etc and by
the way I'm not using that hyper as
hyperbole when I say that Hillary
Clinton and
MSNBC are brainwashers I mean that in
the most literal
sense it's not just propaganda it's
propaganda with such thickness and
repetition and consistency that it is
just nothing but brainwashing now if you
wanted to say but Scott that's the same
thing that Hannity does on X you can
make your argument I'm just saying that
in this case it's obviously brainwashing
so I'm not I'm not I'm not saying it
only happens from one side but one side
is doing it in a way that is so
comprehensive and uh it looks like a
weaponized form it's just more powerful
than what you see on the on the right
but here is your tips for knowing when
you're dealing with the brainwashers or
the
brainwashed so the brainwashers are
introducing a set of terms that I'm
going to tell you and then the
brainwashed are the ones who use the
terms so you can very you can very
easily identify the the key people doing
the
brainwashing by using these terms and
then you can tell when it worked by
seeing the individuals repeat them here
are the terms that guarantee it's coming
from a brainwasher or a brainwashed
these are terms that almost nobody uses
outside that context of being a
brainwasher or being brainwashed they
just aren't ter that you hear otherwise
number one
chaos number two
unhinged number three the danger to
democracy or steal your democracy or
it's the end of democracy they're all
the
same he's only in it for
himself and uh we won't go back or we
can't go back or he's trying to take you
backwards do you know what all of those
things have in
common well number one
they well the main thing is that uh they
can't be
proven what what exactly would be your
measure of chaos and who caused it and
why it's being caused you could never
measure it You' never know if it
happened but you can easily
imagine yeah yeah there's a lot of chaos
looking things and maybe it's
Trump how about
unhinged do you do you see that word
much in your normal life
when you're talking about your
co-workers it's a real word I mean it's
just that you don't say unhinged very
often you say
crazy you stupid I mean there's lots of
words that we use but
unhinged seems sort of just something
they're using for Trump at the moment uh
danger to democracy what's that mean
it's anything you want it to mean uh
what does only in it for himself mean it
means they're pretending they can read
his mind and that he would be the only
person who thinks he could be president
and do things only for himself and that
would work out for him it doesn't even
make sense these are non-sensible things
or it can't go back now I've told you
that this this is this is one I may have
introduced back in the Clinton era um
but when you talk about going back
versus forward it's really easy to
imagine that some stuff is backwards
looking and some stuff is forwards
looking so these are all confirmation
bias
traps what that means
is back in 2016 when I pointed out that
their persuasion the Democrat persuasion
was all using the word
dark well it's the same thing dark chaos
unhinged danger to democracy only in if
for himself can't go back they're all
the same they're all the same and that
they're vague but they're they're traps
for confirmation bias so if I prime you
with these words and I say Hey whenever
you're looking at these Republicans but
especially Trump there's Darkness chaos
unhinged danger democracy only in it for
himself can't go back every single thing
that he does no matter how good it is is
going to fit into one of these you can
just force fit it into any one of these
well sure that might sound good on paper
but I think he's in it for himself well
how how would you know that and and if
it's also good for us why do we care if
it's also good for him you know all of
these have that same quality they're
very
unspecific they're vague they can't be
measured but you're sure you're seeing
it because you've been primed the
priming is everything if you took the
priming away nobody would see
it I'm going to use this example again
because it's such a clean one I've used
this before but then you'll see it in
this context as well when Trump was on
January 6 when he said uh you know fight
like
hell if nobody had told you that that's
a call to violence never would have
occurred to you if you take the priming
away it's just talk because it's the way
ordinary people talk all the time we're
going to fight like hell for this fight
like hell for that even people say
dangerous things like yeah we got to we
got to kill that
nobody takes that as violence but if
your news sources Prime you it's like oh
that violent violent talk he's full of
chaos and he's unhinge he's a danger to
democracy he wants to take his back he's
only in it for himself now listen what
he said got to fight like hell oh my God
now that I've been primed for all that
chaos unhinged Darkness danger to
democracy only if for himself can't go
back stuff that sounds pretty bad it's
the priming that makes a bad it's not
what he says now this is the greatest
trick that the Democrats are playing and
they're doing it really hard now after
the second assassination attempt because
they're trying to blame him for the
chaos that they're
creating if if you took away their
framing of trump there wouldn't be any
of this there would be no Darkness
nobody would think that it was a danger
to
democracy none of it now it also has a
second benefit this this type of Framing
and persuasion is that it's the
classic um blaming one side for what
you're doing so it hides what you're
doing what are they doing well made you
a little
list so while Trump is trying to quote
steal your democracy by running for
office the way everybody runs for office
you know going through a primary and
getting votes and saying what he wants
to do and getting people to like it you
know all that stealing your democracy
stuff here's what the Democrats are
doing now you you fact check me you tell
me if I've gone too far I'm just going
to name a bunch of things that I think
are just obvious and in the news you
know nothing I've researched I don't
need to it's just headline stuff tell me
if any of these are not true uh have
they imported a million of fake Asylum
Seekers they are fake uh to political
background Battleground states to create
a one- party Democrat
rule it according to mosque he says
that's exactly what they're doing a lot
of smart people agree it looks like it
it has every every sign of it are they
um looking to pack the Supreme Court so
they can effectively remove an entire
branch of
government yes they're they're saying it
directly we want to pack the courts we
want to reform the courts with the rule
with the idea of getting rid of the
conservative majority in other words to
get rid of a an entire branch of
government by making you simply agree
with the executive which they would hope
to completely control
forever how about removing the
filibuster well if they get control of
everything it would neuter the minority
party is neutering the minority Party
part of your democracy no it's the
opposite are they uh looking to censor
and jail denters because of their
misinformation yes Hillary Clinton just
said this directly and clearly that she
wants to put in jail people who disagree
which she would call dissenters or
misinformation people
are the Democrats trying to control the
entire news industry to keep the public
uninformed via mesh network of hoaxes
everything from the fine people hoax to
the January 6 Insurrection hoax yes
they're trying to remove the one check
on bad behavior which is a free and fair
press they're essentially have
completely neutered the
Press now you might say to me but Scott
there's still Fox News and Breitbart yes
but they've made sure that their people
never see
them so they only have to get to 51% you
know roughly speaking I'm talking in
sort of conceptual not mathematical
terms but if they can get just enough
majority of Voters to stay in
office then they can just control the
entire information landscape and stay
there
forever um are they trying to bankrupt
and jail independ Bend IN political
voices that disagree with them yes yes
they are law faring and using other
political and economic pressure to
destroy people like you know Bannon and
Navaro and and May and Trump and anybody
that can get their hands on so yes
that's happening um are they maintaining
a voting system that cannot be fully
audited and uh there's only one reason
for
that yes yes every one of us knows
because we follow this stuff that if we
wanted our voting system to be credible
to everybody give us a fast result that
could be easily audited we would have a
day off for voting it would only be in
person and it would be on paper and
there would be observers and we'd be
able to audit it as much as you want and
every time you counted it you'd be able
to get the same number we have the
opposite of that we don't have any way
to know even if the machines did the
right things
internally we don't know if somebody
dumped a bunch of mailin ballots that
look good but aren't we have a system
that's designed to conceal
cheating it's not an
accident if you think that after Decades
of looking at how to do things right and
how to do things wrong after decades
that we intentionally picked the wrong
one and that that was an
accident that is so so far beyond a
reasonable assumption the reasonable
assumption is that if every single
Observer knows the right way to do it
and every single Observer knows the
wrong way to do it and after decades you
still choose really really hard you
choose to do it the wrong way well
there's only one reason for that
and you know people are paying attention
or aware but most of the public doesn't
know most of the public thinks that the
elections can be fully audited and
therefore we know for sure that they're
Fair which is kind of amazing because
people live in the real world and if you
spend five minutes in the real world you
know nothing works like
that nothing works like that no you
can't measure the temperature of the
earth and you can't you can't know for
sure that your election is clean with
our system there could be a system in
which you would know but we don't have
that one
how about uh do we have any fake
pollsters uh so that they would support
any suspicious outcomes in the election
yes even today there's a pollster that
puts Harris up by
six do you think that's real and do they
think they they were even trying to be
real do you think they put any attempt
into making that the actual realistic
poll well I don't know but it doesn't
look like it it looks like it's fake and
the other polls that are just wildly
proh haris they all look fake and that
would be what you'd expect if somebody's
trying to steal your democracy while
telling you well this poll said it was
okay so if the vote says it's like that
well the pollster said so so that's
pretty
sketchy um are they trying to take away
your most useful Firearms so all you
have left is a pistol yes they want to
take away your most useful dangerous
your most dangerous Firearms which would
be one way you could protect yourself
against this
government uh
hypothetically um are they trying to
weaponize assassins to kill their
political opponents when I say weaponize
them I mean um use the type of
rhetoric that uh you better kill Hitler
if you don't you're going to have a big
old Holocaust coming yes they do that
they are trying to in my opinion it
seems obvious that the Democrats are
trying to kill Trump and they're trying
to use legal speech to do it now is it
legal to use their free speech in a way
that greatly enhances the chance that
somebody crazy will try to kill him
probably yes it probably is legal I'm
not sure I would change it because you
wouldn't be able to get rid of that
without getting rid of too many things
that's the problem with Free Speech but
but if we like free speech and I do
probably have to live with that
however we get to call it out as well so
if you look at the news today it's
mostly Republicans saying hey you've
weaponized these assassins stop doing
that and them saying but but Trump is
Hiller they're doubling down there's not
a single Democrat who saying you know
what you know
maybe might make sense to do a little
bit less of this
divisive kill him killum rhetoric not
one has anybody seen any political
figure or news figure say maybe we've
gone too
far I've seen
none and the reason is the moment they
say maybe have gone too far they are
complicit with attempted
murder like actually literally so if CNN
tomorrow said you know what all things
considered we've looked at all of our
past actions we've DEC Ed that we've
platformed too many people who said
things that are just going to try to get
somebody killed if they said that we'd
say well if they do get killed aren't
you an
accessory now is is there not some
precedent where somebody on social media
just a regular person can go to jail for
convincing somebody to kill themselves
that's real right you can go to jail if
you persuaded somebody to kill
themselves I think that happened
recently I'm sure you could go to jail
for persuading somebody to commit murder
if they actually went and did it but why
can't the
news be convicted or go to jail for very
clearly in my opinion Joy Reed is very
clearly weaponizing crazy people to kill
Republicans I think it's still legal
because she has free speech so she can
make up any stuff she want
but
um you should be
aware that it looks like attempted
murder to me I just don't think there's
a way to have the justice system do
anything about it because if they did
then that that standard would be
extended too far and it come back and
bite you in the ass so the best you can
do is speak out about it but you're
mostly speaking to your own little
Silo all right um according to Nate
silver who is one of the ones I trust in
this world of polling and statistical
odds he's got Trump uh pretty much way
up um and he has Trump looking at
winning 312 electoral U votes to
Harris's 226 based on today's current
polling um but there there like I said
there's another poll that says Harris is
up by six
they're not both right I don't think
they're both
right um as you may have heard you know
the uh the Haiti uh migrants the Asylum
Seekers I guess they would be um who
were in Springfield and some people said
that some of them were eating pets but I
don't have any information to confirm
that um and then other people said
that's racist so that's just the
situation um there were a bunch of
threats uh in Springfield which were
immediately blamed on all that speech
about the Haiti migrants eating pets
which I don't have any evidence
of now when I say I don't have any
evidence of I don't mean that there
wasn't
one I don't know anything's possible but
I'm not going to blame an entire group
of people if a few people did something
wrong that's sort of a standard I'd like
to maintain
um so I don't know but as a proxy for
the argument that the uncontrolled
immigration is dangerous in a variety of
ways it works really
well so I see the the pet argument not
as something that's necessarily backed
up by
enough enough anecdotes that I would
call it you know some kind of a Topline
worry um I mean if it was your pet it's
Topline worry but seems like the numbers
are probably manageable whatever it is
so anyway it turns out that those hoax
the bomb threats were all coming from
overseas there were 33 of them there
were there was nothing to them and the
Republicans were not doing that now
here's the
question have any Republicans been
weaponized against the Haiti migrants
because of the pet
stuff because I hope not I wouldn't want
to be associated with that in any way
but I haven't heard of it either now I
know the proud boys went there but were
like 12 of them who marched around with
the flag and went home
right because there was nothing to see
and the reports I'm getting from the the
Haitian migrants is that they're getting
employed by people who
wanted you know low-end low paid
workers so we'll see what happens with
all of
that anyway so talking about that
tempted assassin who tried to get a shot
at uh Trump didn't get a shot um Let me
clarify something I said yesterday um
from the early reporting in the fog of
War it sounded like the shooter the
potential shooter might have had uh
sites on Trump from one hole away and
they were saying well at that distance
you know it's it's a longer shot but you
know somebody with a scope could make
that shot but apparently he they never
had line of
sight so I want to uh compliment the
Secret Service
for their system which maybe should be
beefed up but the system as it was
implemented worked somewhat the way it
should have meaning that they checked
the the advanced hole before he got
there they found something there they
neutralized
it that looks like pretty good work so I
want to make sure that I did not uh
accidentally or intentionally uh malign
the Secret Service for their work on
that job because there does seem to be
evidence that they had a system the
system operated as they wanted it it
caught the danger it neutralized it I'm
going to say compliments now if you say
to me buz Scott shouldn't some have sort
of walked around that fence you know way
before then because that was a known
vulnerability you know it was right next
to a fence where anybody could have
walked up and looked at the president
um yeah maybe but to me that looks like
a resource
constraint meaning that if they were
going to definitely look at it close
closely before he got
there then you have a resource question
was it also important that maybe
somebody had been there the whole time
now if if money is infinite and
everything's free then yeah put somebody
there the whole time but in the real
world you're always making those choices
so if they made choices and the choices
didn't hurt them
literally then I'm going to I'm going to
give them based on what we
know I'm going to give them a a a good
review now I don't know enough to know
if there's anything that also was done
wrong I would change my opinion if it
was but at the moment well I heard
somebody said no drones but I believe
that there
were I think there was some a report of
some aerial assets they were kind of
vague about so I I think it's unclear
whether drones were there but I would
agree with you I very much agree if
there were no drones
there that would be a problem I don't
know that the Drone would have spotted
somebody who was in the bushes for 12
hours
hiding in the bushes now to the question
of how did the potential assassin know
that Trump would be golfing and golfing
at that golf course and sometime within
his 12-hour
window and I don't know the answer to
that but let me suggest some
possibilities if your first thinking is
that the only way you could know is from
the Secret
Service I would say that's not true
because there' be plenty of non-secret
Serv service people who would know
before it happened but they might not
know 12 hours before so here's my
question it sounds like he might have
been hiding and waiting before Trump had
even decided to play golf we don't know
that yet right so that's not a confirmed
statement but it looks like if it was a
impromptu what they call the ad hoc last
minute
plan that would suggest if the guy had
been waiting for 12 hours from the night
before that he might have been waiting
there before Trump decided to golf there
now does that make
sense maybe let's say you knew the
following and I don't know if this is
true but I'm just going to speculate
that there is there is a way he could
have gotten lucky without any inside
information suppose he there's some I
think there's some public place you can
find out if the president is scheduled
to be or the candidate is scheduled to
be somewhere right don't we generally
know where Trump is going there's some
source for that so I'm going to assume
that there's some way that you could
tell if you wanted to that Trump's going
to be out of town or in town if you knew
he was going to be in town they they
were saying that um it sounded like that
there'd be some way the public would
know if he's
golfing but suppose you knew he was
going to be in town that he always golfs
on the side
Sunday but there was no um no advanced
notice that he was going to golf but he
always golfs on the Sunday and there was
nothing else scheduled as far as you
know what would you assume might happen
well if it's me uh and especially if you
had any inside information you might say
to yourself you know what he's probably
going to decide to golf anyway because
there's nothing that would stop him from
doing it so where would he golf if he
have has to make a last minute decision
probably his own golf course that's
nearby is the only one that would
work so if you were going to guess will
he golf on Sunday when nothing else
seems to be planned and he's at maral
Lago which you could know that seems
knowable could you also guess that he's
very likely to do a last minute I think
I'll just golf at my own course because
I can just close that one down and
control it and I don't have to worry
that I don't have a you know
which force of I'm kicking off or
anything so it seems to me there could
have been enough breadcrumbs there that
a motivated person with a little bit of
sort of General inside information but
not specific information could have
guessed that there was a 30% chance he'd
be golfing that day at that Golf Course
does that sound
fair yeah they said the golf was
unscheduled but that it could be
different from whether he knew the night
before he was going to do it so Trump
may have decided the night before and
told people the night before but maybe
didn't put it on his
schedule so that would suggest that
there might be multiple insiders who
might be able to tell somebody who would
tell somebody who would tell the shooter
potential shooter so the point is there
is more than one way that that could
have happened one of them is he guessed
right and maybe had a 30% chance of
being right just based on Trump always
golfs and if he's in town and he has
doesn't have it
scheduled it's going to have to be there
because where else are you going to do
it if it's
unscheduled so anyway we don't know
enough about that Mike Benz is asking
some uh provocative questions so
apparently this rowth guy was uh going
to Ukraine and trying to get visas for
for Afghan or Isis fighters to come in
and fight against the the Russians in
Ukraine now Mike Ben points out that uh
John Brennan had been the I guess the
station chief for the CIA in Saudi
Arabia when the 911 terrorists got their
visas and so there's this weird
connection of a guy that looks like the
sort of guy that intelligence people
might at least have a maybe a little bit
of a handle on um doing something that
looks like something the CIA does which
is not enough to say that it's some kind
of CIA operation of course there's just
some pattern recognition going
on but I would go further and say that
if John Brennan is the you know one of
the first people that appears on
MSNBC to talk about a story I just
always assume the CIA is
involved that that's my signal when wait
a minute it's
MSNBC there's a story that needs to be
reversed or or managed you know that the
narrative has to be shifted and John
Brennan comes on I mean to me that's
like giant signal that some intelligence
related people are involved remember
he's he he brought us the uh Russia
collusion hoax and the 51 people said
the laptop is Russia collusion and then
suddenly he popped up when this guy pops
up who was fighting against
Russians so in three anti-russia
instances Brennan popped up he popped up
with Russia collusion he he popped up
with the laptop that he said was Russian
and now he's popped up where there's a
guy who was trying to fight against
Russians so this is three times that the
same guy popped up when there's some
Russ connection which he would be
opposed to
Russia apparently ralth was well known
among volunteer Aid groups as a
fraudster criminal con man wack job um
Sarah Adams no relation to me a former
CIA officer um she said that they
claimed to be working with the Ukrainian
government but wasn't um
yeah he and the Ukraine's International
Legion which handled volun foreign
volunteers denied having any tie to him
and they would have had to adverti to
him if he was doing any official
recruiting on behalf of
Ukraine um so here are the questions
that people ask how did he afford to fly
to Ukraine when he had no money and no
assets two trucks in Hawaii I guess and
how did he fly to Hawaii and
back how did he do anything
now one way would be he's an
intelligence asset for our country or
some other country and they're funding
him maybe the other way is that he was a
criminal so he he has a long criminal
record including a weapon of mass
destruction they call it but it's
basically a fully automatic rifle uh so
he's got a long criminal record
including doing things that look like
for money so maybe he just stole
something and got got himself a plane
ticket it might have been that
simple
um let's
see so who is the FBI agent in charge of
investigating the second assassination
attempt well it's Jeffrey vry who
allegedly had to scrub his social media
before he got his current job because it
was so anti-trump that's right somebody
with a known public hatred for Trump who
thinks he should be nowhere near the
Oval Office is in charge of making sure
that Trump stays safe and that we find
out what we in a sense because we'd have
to find out what we can find out about
this attempt crazy
stuff um I saw Chris Cuomo from news
Nation talking about a post that Elon
Musk made but then later uh after
getting some uh negative attention on it
he deleted it
now here's here's what musk said and
then I'm going to tell you how Chris
Cuomo and others interpreted it and I
want to see if you interpreted it the
same way they did so the post that musk
did that was taken down take it down
pretty
quickly he said quote and no one is even
trying to assassinate Biden uh
Harris no one is even trying to
assassinate
now Cuomo and others apparently
interpreted that as a call to you know
evening out the danger that like you
know maybe maybe somebody should you
know consider doing something bad to the
other team now that's bashia crazy
that's not what that
says do do any of you interpret that as
a suggestion or hint or an encouragement
for
violence does anybody hear that
way and why would you hear it that way
how could you hear it that way the only
way you can even hear it that way is if
you've been primed to think that musk is
some kind of bad guy or chaotic or
unhinged or something how in the world
do you hear that here's what I hear
there's a
pattern maybe it
matters right there's a pattern the
pattern is it's happening to one side
but not the other is it important to
understand the
pattern yes yes it's a perfectly good
observation that if it's only happening
to one side you need to understand that
my hypothesis is that the bad guys the
the top Democrats and the persuaders and
the news that they control are
intentionally weaponizing
crazy people to take out
Trump to me it looks like that now I
can't read mins if I could read mins and
I could look in their heads and say oh
you do mean that but I can't do that but
I do notice the
pattern right now let me be clear so I'm
not taking out context I do not want
anybody to do any violence to anybody
especially you know people running for
president that's the last place I want
to see that so yeah I mean I don't want
it anywhere else
either but how in the world could you
even see that as a cult of violence you
your brain would have to be really stuck
over in some little you know weird
darkened room to even to even interpret
it that way now are you agreeing with me
I can't help with in the comments
yet but you see it as just a pattern
that needs to be explained right it's
not a call of violence now why would uh
Elon Musk quickly delete it because
people were interpreting it as a call to
violence now I trust um Andrew Cuomo to
not be just making up a you know point
of view I think it's his actual point of
view I I think he's a pretty straight
shooter um I'm not sure about his CNN
days those look different but his
current Incarnation looks like a
straight shooter I think he actually
interpreted it that way so it it's a
it's a good demonstration of how priming
can change what you see and
feel uh Washington Times is reporting
that the Silicon Valley smart people are
sounding the alarm over drone Warfare
you've heard this before but uh that we
would last less than two months in a
war uh now that applies to most of our
weapons I think lucky P Palmer has been
saying this and it uh applies to the
fact that we don't manufact act our own
weapons and and where we do we rely on
China to supply some of the parts that
we use to manufacture our weapons
meaning that if we ever gotten an
extended war with China they could
manufacture weapons after a few months
and we couldn't so now I don't know if
we would ever get in
a conventional war with anybody who has
that manufacturing capability it would
be the dumbest thing for both of us so I
don't think it's going to happen it's
very low on my list of
worries right near the bottom is war
with China because war with China would
require one thing
guaranteed which is that China thought
it was in a war with
us and they're not going to do it
because they're not crazy there's just
no signal from China that they have some
kind of death wish there's nothing they
are the most
engineering long-term
what's good for China Smart Country
you've ever seen in your life and so to
imagine that they would do something
just literally suicidal where would that
come from there's not there's not any
impulse in their country to do that I
don't think that's my view now of course
things can change fast and crazy people
can come to power but there's nothing
about she that suggests he wants a war
with the
superpower uh as uh I saw Nal Rob
account mention on X that uh these
swarms of swarms of drones will be the
next nuclear war or weapon of mass
destruction let's say so the weapon of
mass destruction will be you know a
100,000 drones darkening the sky above
an enemy and just wreaking wreaking
chaos so I think that's true the thing I
worry about is that uh the United States
has a really good drone offense and
defense at some point and it encourages
us to use it against somebody who has
nuclear weapons so I worry about getting
in a drone war with somebody who could
nuke you but I worry about getting a
drone war in
general so maybe the drones would be a
good reason not to get in war but I feel
like I feel like the world is going to
go through at least a brief period that
maybe years but not forever in which
going outside into a crowded area will
just not be smart so I've long predicted
that Stadium Sports you know outdoor
stadium
Sports I feel like there's just no
chance that that can
last because as soon as everybody can
send a a poison filled you know drone
anywhere they want I just don't see how
people can gather together it's going to
be too
dangerous anyway there's a uh study that
found this shocking fact that parents
believe that a lot of their kids don't
have even one friend so they think that
one in five kids have literally no
friends does that track with anything
that you've experienced one in five kids
have no
friends uh I think that's real it might
be low because I think the ones who say
they have friends probably don't spend
much time with them but I would like to
give
you
um a way to cure loneliness because I
saw there was a there was a post of a uh
Gentleman on X who was saying that he
had no friends he was an adult he had no
friends and that whenever he tried to
make a friend like it got awkward and he
wasn't good at it and it didn't work out
now is there anybody who's watching who
has that problem that they want to they
want to have
friends but they just can't do it they
just don't know why and it's not working
for them would you like me to solve that
for
you there is a solution and I believe
there's only
one here's something that never will
work for a man by the way I think it's
different for
females so I'm going to give advice
that's more more suited for men but I
think women could use it successfully as
well but a little more targeted to men
maybe 60 40
and that is that men don't make friends
because you want to be friends that's
not a thing I like you let's be friends
nope nope can't do it can women do that
I don't know maybe I I've seen examples
where women do that like we we we met
this one time and then we became friends
forever and I think what how do you do
that I've never met somebody one time
and then became friends
forever um here's men need to do it
activities now I always say just join a
club an activity something that will
expose you to a changing pool of people
because it's about numbers if you meet
enough people and you meet them in the
context of a common interest like a
sport or hobby or volunteering for
something or even work if you meet them
and you have at least that one thing to
talk about you have a good chance that
you could turn that into something
but a lot of people don't have anything
they'd want to join so here's the
solution and I I might say a lot more
about this in the future the solution is
you have to be the
organizer you have to be the organizer
now don't start with inviting one person
to do one thing that doesn't work as
well unless it's a sport like inviting
somebody to golf that totally works or
to play tennis that totally works but be
an organized of a
group figure out something that you
enjoy doing and especially if you're
good at it so I'll give you an example
um when I played more tennis I was good
at it so it wouldn't be unusual that I
might you know be part of organizing
some little tennis get together uh and
then I would know the people that I'd
invited over and then you know you get
closer to them to the shared activity
but here's the magic of it here's the
math of it if you're if you're a little
bit on the Spectrum and you don't quite
see how powerful this is let me explain
it to you with
math uh you create you create a uh event
or some kind of thing that you know
people would say yes to not because of
you but because they want to do the
thing so you might have a oh I don't
know Super Bowl viewing partner party
and you invite some co-workers you might
uh invite some people who do the same
sport you might say hey let's get
together to watch the I don't know
debate but you invite some people over
and let's say you get a dozen people to
come over and do a thing cost you some
money you're going to put some time in
you're going to provide some beverages
it could be potluck and it doesn't cost
so much when you're
done you got 12 people who who when they
have an event are going to invite
you because you invited them you you
activated reciprocity
and I'll tell you that when I've held
events um at my home one of the most
common things that happens is somewhere
toward the end of the night when people
were winding down before they leave
people I don't know that well would come
over and say Hey you know we're having
an event two weeks from now would you
like to come and you you sometimes will
get three invitations to events just
that night and the only reason is
because you put on a good event
now you don't even have to be the one
who's good at conversation if you're the
one who puts on the event you're sort of
busy doing
stuff and that can that can take away
all your
awkwardness because if you're the one
who's making sure somebody has a drink
you don't have much to talk about hey
can I can I fill your drink you have you
found the bar did you get something to
eat um you know can I introduce me to
your friend so you always have something
to talk about if you're the organizer
so that that cures all your awkward
conversation problems and then gets you
12 people per event who might invite you
to something and you'll meet some more
people you don't
know so that's the trick you have to
provide value and and by the
way um this is way more true for men
than women men your only value to
anybody whether it's your mate your
children or your friends is what you
provide
so uh the the the the gentleman who was
saying in public and it was very sad
that he couldn't make friends the way he
talked about it I saw somebody else make
the same comment the way he talked about
it was why don't other people give me
this thing why can't get why can't
somebody give me friendship I keep I
keep making myself available but
nobody's giving me this
friendship and I said
oh you don't understand how any of that
works that doesn't work you can't wait
for somebody to be your friend you've
got to go add some value to the world
and then connect people to you through
that value so if you're good to your
kids they'll probably stay with you
after they leave the house they'll visit
you often if you're good to your wife
she might stay with
you if you put on events and you
organize things people are really going
to want to stay with you and be your
friend and connect with you all the way
but you should be
thinking provide value if you're
thinking where's my friends you're not
even on the right
question you you can't succeed on
something that doesn't even make any
sense and nobody's made work ever in the
history of the world go do something
useful and then people will be attracted
to you and it'll keep you busy while
you're lonely I guess the other story I
saw that I'm not so sure is true cuz I
just saw it before I came on is that
somehow cleverly one assumes Israel had
gotten exploding pagers who uses pagers
this is why I'm concerned this isn't
real that a bunch of Hezbollah people up
in Lebanon uh all the pagers exploded at
the same time and injured them and that
they were somehow got a bunch of fake
exploding pagers I'm going to put a pin
in this and say I I only saw the stories
right before I went live and I don't
believe
because I'm not so sure why anybody
would have any pagers it could be that
cell phones are too easy to detect and
you know the the real the real
terrorists have to have a a pager for
some reason to get a secret code maybe
but it's a little I don't know it's a
little too spy movie I mean if it's true
it's kind of impressive but I'm just
going to say maybe on that
story all right you may or may not know
that the Dilbert calendar for 2025 is
coming back and this time it's printed
in America for the very first time so go
to dilbert.com if you want to get a link
go to the link for the
pre-sale um and I recommend because the
shipping the shipping for anything is
crazy now the the shipping will look
unreasonable to you so it works best if
you're getting more than one and then
the shipping looks a lot more reasonable
so it's a gift item
most of you buying them will be buying
them for somebody else and uh get two or
three because I'm sure you know at least
three people who like Dill Burton work
in an office or used to work in an
office and uh that ladies and gentlemen
brings me to the conclusion of my
prepared remarks and I'm going to go
talk to the locals people subscribers
who are special and see extra content
that the rest of you don't get to see
including my com
robots read news the funniest thing
that's ever been created and uh if
you're on EX or YouTube or Rumble thanks
for joining I will see you again
tomorrow same time same place and now
locals
people coming at me in 30 seconds will
be
private
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for