[Music]
hey everybody what a fun day stuff
happening all over the place today it's
so Noy that I needed to do a special
supplementary uh Periscope to catch you
up with the news so you will understand
it in
context all right so what we know know
is that uh the committee that was
working on this border funding bill came
up with some kind of a terrible
committee built bill that didn't give
enough money for border security
according to the experts and according
to the
Republicans and president Trump has
simultaneously announced that he's going
to sign that bill and also declare an
emergency
boom which is
wonderful for you know those of us who
watch this stuff it's it's terribly
entertaining now I happen to think it's
the right move tentatively all right now
A lot of people are complaining about
the details of the bill but we're still
in a fog of War
situation and the fog of War meaning
that we don't really know what's in that
bill we've heard things people have read
it people have made comments but I think
that what's going to happen is that our
understanding of the details of it is
going to evolve in the next few days um
I don't I don't have a beverage with me
I just thought I'd pop on here so there
will be not be a simultaneous sip this
time I will'll save that for tomorrow
morning um but here are some questions I
have and let's see how these evolve over
time number one there's this uh
suggestion that the bill says that if a
uh kid comes with an adult that you
cannot send the adult back now I think
that goes to the whole separating babies
from parents and putting children in
cages so I think the reason that the
Republicans were willing to put up with
something that clearly would would cause
a hole in security because let's say
cartel members you know use a kid to
pretend to be an adult to get into the
country
but I have a couple of thoughts about
that first of all it might be uh it
might be a reasonable tradeoff because
the kids and cages thing was so bad that
frankly we would put up with a little
extra crime we would put up with a
little extra death to stop that it
became such a big emotional issue and
I'm not saying that it shouldn't be it's
pretty it's pretty
important um but it might be politically
right to get rid of the kids and cages
or to do whatever you can to minimize
that so that you've at least shown some
willingness to be productive on that
point so the first thing I ask is does
that rule get directly to the not
putting kids in cages if it does it's
not as terrible as your first
impression okay uh I'm saying kids in
cages cuz that's the way it's reported I
know you don't want to call it
cages
um the next thing I wonder is apparently
the the bill restricts what can be built
and where and it restricts it to the
point of well it's pretty bad
restriction so uh one of the
restrictions is something about the
Texas border and something about local
Mayors and local politicians being part
of the process we need to wait a little
bit I would say wait a little bit to see
what that really really means because I
don't know and here's a big question if
there's an emergency
declaration but there's also a new law
and let's say the new law says that you
can't use the money in this law to build
the wall does that mean that an
emergency declaration which creates its
own
budget would also not be able to build
in that same place in other words does
the the bill say that under no
conditions including an emergency can
anybody ever build a wall there probably
not it probably is restricted to the
bills money it's you know its own money
and so maybe the emergency declaration
is just to build the wall in the other
places or or we might have realized that
it was so hard to build a wall there
anyway that
maybe we didn't need the wall there or
at least it wouldn't help because it's
such a big area if you don't cover it
all
you haven't done anything and because of
the land use um you know the land rights
issues it might be Poss it might be the
case that even the experts say well you
know you can't put a wall everywhere and
it's going to be so hard to put it here
it might be that that's a lower priority
than you think so again we're going to
wait wait to see on the surface it
sounds terrible that the bill would let
in people just because they brought a
kid uh and people could abuse that um
but it might reduce the kids in cages
which is politically important I mean
really important it's one of the top
issues and we don't know how much of a a
barrier could have been built on the
Texas border given all the limitations
so so let's wait and find out what the
experts say but let me give you some
context here what the president did if
you look at the Arc of things is that he
he started with a big ask and you know
know you didn't get it got got slapped
down pretty hard by the other
team so what he did was he allowed them
to build this working
committee that would fail in public now
there were two things that were going to
happen either they would succeed in the
way he wanted them to succeed or he
could do the emergency
declaration but what was important is he
allowed the public to
watch the Congress fail I mean just fail
hard right in front of us normally we're
not watching right the a lot of the
stuff that the Congress does either they
pass something and people are okay with
it or you don't hear about it it's not
important or something big and
complicated you don't understand but
it's very rare that you understand the
topic enough you know border security is
not complicated compared to other issues
we understand it enough and then we
watch them working on it and then we saw
what they produced and we just
go what the
this is awful this is like a sausage
nobody wants to
eat so he's he's priming the public by
allowing the right process you know the
one everybody agrees Congress
negotiating letting that run out right
in front of the public while we're
watching they're failing right in front
of us very important and it it sets the
table the other thing that was happening
is while they were negotiating and
failing the public was becoming educated
about the real risk at the border and
part of that education is to understand
that we really do need border structures
in some places even if all it does is
drive people toward the legal openings
where we can beef that up too and that
it's a process of sort of beefing up
everything and funneling people toward
the places that it's easier for us to
catch people who are up to no good so
people now kind of understand that in a
way they didn't understand it when
people were saying wall no
wall
wall no wall right which meant nothing
you know all wall never made sense no
wall never made sense so the public was
sort of up in this nonsense area arguing
just nonsense with each other wall no
wall and then since then we've all
become educated people do Now understand
that those tall slat steel structures do
do something important that they do make
people change their plans that the
friction
works so so now you got two things done
the president let Congress do its
process and fail in front of the public
at the same time the public was being
educated and here's the important part
the Congress apparently ignored and that
might be too strong a word but did not
take the full recommendation of the
experts the experts so what is it that
every climate science um person wants
the government to do listen to The
Experts listen to The
Experts right so it's very hard for the
Democrats to say this is the one time
you shouldn't listen to The Experts that
that that's a hard thing for them to
argue so I don't think you get to see
that so the president has set up things
perfectly he let them do their process
he let them fail in front of the public
while he educated the public on what the
situation was and now he has a free pass
he has a free pass for the emergency and
sure people are going to argue that's
not an emergency that's just an
important thing that we don't know how
to do in another way just like the other
35 emergencies that have been in place
for years and nobody even noticed all
right it's a tough argument if you're
just obsessing on the word or emergency
is it an emergency let's do some what I
call word thinking where people will
argue about the definition of a word
which doesn't matter because we could
change the word from emergency to
important thing that we can't get done
another way and then what would they do
that you wouldn't even have to to
rewrite any laws how about how about
Congress passes a law that says let's
change the name of that action from
emergency to doing the thing that we
couldn't do the other way but we better
get done because it's important or
there's probably a better way to do that
um so the president has by far the
strongest
hand and I imagine if there's some rough
edges in this bill they will either get
clarified away or we'll find some
workarounds let me give you um a real
world example let's say a cartel
member takes a child into the country
and we catch them and now we've got a
child and an adult and we can't tell if
they're related um I suppose you could
tell if you did
a DNA test at the border I'm not sure if
we're equipped to do that but the point
is if we know that this person with the
child is a cartel member or some other
kind of criminal I'm pretty sure they
can be arrested under this law or any
other law I don't think this bill says
oh yeah well you murdered 10 people but
we don't want to separate you from the
kid so carry on go away so I wouldn't
worry that we knowingly let anybody in I
don't think that's going to happen then
the second situation is that we don't
know if this is a c member or a real
parent in which case didn't they get in
anyway you know wasn't wasn't the old
process that we weren't going to
separate children from kids and we and
the law doesn't allow us just to push
them back on the other side of the wall
I I don't I I don't know exactly what's
different all right I'm I'm hearing
people say that this is new but to to my
ears it sounds like the current
situation so I'm probably wrong so don't
take anything I say on this my um my
point is that we're in the fog of War so
pretty much every hot take you hear
about what the law does or does not do
probably is going to change and evolve
and get clarified over the next several
days so hold your hold your fire until
the clarification start coming
in all right um now some people have
said hey if the president says this is
an emergency and I think Chris Hayes has
already tweeted something like this
wouldn't that allow some other president
to say climate change is an
emergency uhoh if the you know if this
tool is available for everybody does the
next president say all right here's an
emergency for you climate change get rid
of all your fossil fuels in 12 years or
whatever um and I don't know the answer
to that may maybe I mean it might maybe
it's a risk but let me suggest
something um I tweeted around a a tweet
thread from um Mark
Snider on Twitter so you can see it in
my uh Twitter feed and the topic let me
just call it up here and the topic is uh
nuclear and the idea is let me just read
some of it for you here and the idea was
that um people don't quite
realize that uh where is it yeah Mark
[Music]
Schneider and he's proposing a useful
counter to the green New Deal which he
is called hash green nuclear
deal see where this is
going if if climate change is an
emergency
we only have one way to solve
it there are lots of lots of hopeful
things we could do that don't really
work in the real world but
nuclear works right now if it's an
emergency if it's an
emergency nuclear has got to be your top
thing now a lot of people don't
understand the ins announcing nuclear
and so what uh Mark Schneider added to
this conversation is brilliant so he's
experienced in this area he's worked
with nuclear subs Etc and um he and I
have talked offline well online but non
publicly and I've asked this question
which is I don't understand why we can't
build new nuclear um reactors when the
Navy does it all the time don't they
doesn't the doesn't the Navy build
nuclear reactors and put them on
submarines and aren't they building them
all the time and I I wondered like why
can the military do it but the civilians
can't like what what am I missing and
part of the answer is that there are
these things called um fourth
generation um nuclear reactors and the
fourth generation means that we've
reached the point where we know how to
build the
reactor without
risk without risk so in other words the
new reactors even if everybody did
everything wrong it still wouldn't melt
down and they would be smaller right now
um now Mark's tweet was uh inspired by
the conversation I had with Naval and if
you haven't seen that you really really
need to see that I I I swear it could be
the best thing you you watch all year it
just might be that good for a lot of
people are saying that and and I think
that um so you can find that pinned to
my Twitter feed it's conversation with
nval and one of the things that nval
said among his many smart things he said
was that what holds back nuclear
technology is that you can't iterate in
other words you can't you can't just
build one see how it goes and say ah
this one didn't work let's let's try
another one the way you do with every
other product every other product that
works starts as a bad product that just
iterates and you you keep fixing it and
tweaking it until it's good but because
nuclear is so scary and so expensive and
everything you don't have a way to
iterate you just got to say ah let's put
10 billion into this and it better work
first
try so nuclear doesn't have the
iterative ability now what Mark
Schneider added with his Twitter feed is
suppose suppose you're building these
smaller types of generation 4 uh nuclear
reactors so first of all your risk is
very low and secondly if I interpret
this right one of the things he
suggested was that we already have at
least three nuclear plants in remote
areas so we already have locations that
are essentially approved for nukes and
we could just put other reactors right
next to them you know put a couple of
Gen 4 reactors and then you could
iterate in places that are already
approved for it and you you just put one
next door because they're in remote
areas now I don't know how practical
that specific part is but the part I
like about this is the smaller
Generation 4 stuff apparently they're
also optimized for um different
different load uh load uh what do you
call requirements during the day so they
can ramp up and down which you need to
do if you have a submarine and you don't
some of the older generation ones don't
do that apparently not as
well
so so these these are some
sensationally productive thoughts about
how to proceed so it it starts with this
that you you acknowledge that climate
change is at least a risk even if you
don't believe you know the exact
predictions even if you think well even
if you think that um that there's no
risk it's still a really good idea to
build nuclear energy and to become you
know proficient in that before Fusion
gets here if it ever does and so
uh you mind convincing I'm not sure what
that
means all right um people have also
talked about Thorium I don't know the
difference in terms of the tradeoff
between Gen 4 and thorium that's for
someone else to decide but the bigger
issues is there is a way to start small
without the risk of uh
without the normal risks of nuclear
there are locations that would be
relatively easy to use without a lot of
problems and then you could uh iterate
them from there until we have a solution
if it's a national
emergency hey if it's a national
emergency let's declare it a national
emergency and do the one thing we can do
so the the most hilarious thing that
could come out of this National
Emergency for border security is for for
the other the is for the climate folks
to start screaming hey give us a
National
Emergency for
climate and then here's the fun part
have President Trump
agree and say I agree let's let's have
military level uh rules and regulations
because apparently they have a different
standard for military development let's
put it somewhere where it's not going to
hurt anybody let's do it fast let's
build a system where we can iterate
these things and learn and go at the
same time like you do with every other
product with this low
Generation Um somebody says look into
fifth and sixth generation reactors well
I'm sure we would want to use whatever's
the best I won't pretend to know what
that is but the point
is uh we might get to this board border
security emergency situation might
trigger more calls for emergencies for
the the climate and the one and only way
to make that happen happens to be one
that is very cable once you've educated
the public on on why the fourth
generation Etc don't have the risks that
people
thought suddenly suddenly all right we
let's talk about mcab
um so you've heard the news that mcab
has a book out and there's a 60 Minutes
interview we've only seen brief Clips
but apparently he's making news because
he says that uh that after Comey was
fired mcab who was the acting director
of the FBI actually had conversations
with other people in in the
government about removing
Trump under the theory that he there's
there was a high likelihood he had been
compromised by
Russians now what
evidence was he looking at I think he
would admit that it was not an
evidencebased
decision in other words there were there
were things that worried him in in terms
of the you know there clues of things
that worried him but there was nothing
like a proof or even a strong
evidence now some of you are saying my
God it's treason he was trying to get
rid of this President by using the 25th
Amendment based on nothing because there
wasn't any evidence of mental incapacity
or anything like that
right but here's the interesting
question here's the interesting
question what if he really
believed it was the right thing to do
for the
country what if he really believed
believed that
Russia had Trump in his pocket and that
if he didn't act fast Trump would use
his power to get rid of all the people
who might stop him and then suddenly
Putin owns the United
States what if he thought that was a
real risk maybe maybe he wasn't
convinced it was definitely true but
what if he thought it was a
good 20% chance
is that possible is there a 20% chance
that maab
believed would is is there a chance that
MC believed there was a 20% chance that
Trump was actually a Putin you know
plant I think there's reason to believe
he might and not because of
evidence here's
why mcabe in addition to his job was
also a citizen he's also somebody who
watched the news he's also probably
somebody who
voted what happened when Trump got
elected when Trump got elected half of
the country went
nuts they actually went nuts with TDS
and they were searching for the reason
to explain the thing they all knew
couldn't happen they knew it couldn't
happen it was impossible for Trump to
win and so it's the perfect setup for
cognitive dissonance so when Trump won
they had to redefine their world to make
it make sense again so that they were
smart all
along that's that's what cognitive
dissonance is it's where you have to
reinterpret your world really literally
imagining things until the things you
imagine make you seem like you were uh
consistent and smart all along cuz
people don't like to just admit man I
was I was the dumbest guy alive I missed
this by a mile people have trouble doing
that so I would say that the media the
anti-trump
media could be the villain here because
it would not surprise me if the
anti-trump media got people so worked up
that when their their expectations were
violated by
reality that people all over the country
when temporarily
nuts and by nuts I mean cognitive
dissonance they saw things that didn't
exist they imagined fears that weren't
real they they assumed they they could
read the minds of people they thought
they saw in the evidence all kinds of
things that were that really didn't add
up to anything they were just
coincidences so I want to put that out
there as the
um as the alternative hypothesis
hypothesis number one is that mcab was
just a a political hack he wanted he
wanted Democrats to be in charge for
whatever reason either high-minded
reasons or to keep his job or whatever
and the he and other like-minded people
seriously
considered
treason actual treason so that's Theory
one is that he and a number of other
people literally and and specifically
with no no Hyperbole and
no uh no
exaggeration considered talked about and
got serious about actual
treason now what are the odds that
that's
true pretty
good pretty good right I don't know if
it's true but the odds of it being true
are pretty good compare that to the
alternative which is mcab was simply
exactly like every other Clinton
supporter and he was just crazy meaning
temporarily crazy meaning having
cognitive dissonance from a trigger
which is very clear the the trigger is
right in front of you which is nobody
thought it could happen and when it did
they had to explain it somehow and so
the way they explained it was they
talked themselves into this couldn't
have happened unless Russia did it and
they wouldn't have done it unless they
had unless they thought they could
control Trump so probably they're
already halfway
there all right I would say both of
these theories are pretty pretty good
and maybe it's some you know weird
merger of the two you know could be a
little of both but I don't think here's
here's my general
point I don't think the
media should be let off the
hook no matter what you think should
happen to
macab Independent of
that the media has to take the hit for
this also because I think they created
an environment where even if you
replaced mcab with somebody else the
odds of that somebody else taking a very
similar path and actually talking about
hey I'm so afraid of this guy and
there's no other way he could have won
according to my worldview it must be a
Russian problem and you know I'm not
going to let a 20% chance that Putin
took over the United States go
unchallenged I got to do something about
that that's my job all right I think you
could have replaced mcabe with another
Democrat just any other uh Clinton
supporter and I think you might have
gotten a similar outcome so that tells
me that you always have to you know
responsibility always goes with the
individual right so the the way society
and the legal system works is it
wouldn't matter if the media were the
real villain it's still McCabe's
responsibility right he's the one who
made the decisions so you can't remove
responsibility from him and I'm not
suggesting that you should but if you're
looking for let's say at a scientific
level as opposed to a social level as
opposed to a legal level where
responsibility is always with the person
from a scientific level you can just
look at all the causes and
effects cuz you're not judging anything
you're just saying cause and effect
cause and effect here's one here's one
and I don't think we get to this
situation with macabe without the media
brainwashing people to think that uh
Trump was just the worst crazy crazy
irrational guy and there's no way he
could win all right without that I don't
think mcab does did what he did and I
think with it anybody you replaced mcabe
with who is also a a Clinton supporter
probably has those same conversations
well what could we do how do how do we
minimize our
risk all right
um he was FBI and showed
bias did he show
bias because when you say he showed bias
you've made an assumption that he didn't
believe what he believe in what he was
doing well no you don't really assume
that because you could be biased and
then believe your own your own bias um
here's what I'm saying is
that if he thought it was
true he he didn't act in a way that you
wouldn't want him to act if he actually
thought it was true you know that there
was something with this Russia thing
um but how do you know he's
biased well I'm not saying he wasn't
because my whole my whole work up there
was to suggest that he was but I think
the furthest you can go is to say he
could have been
biased because otherwise you're sort of
reading his mind and Etc but yeah I mean
I think I would agree with you I would
agree with you that the
likelihood that calling him biased is
accurate is very high right almost
certainly
um he belongs in prison some of you
say yeah you know it's a tough one
because I feel different about the
prison
question based on whether or not he
believed
it because there there's two versions of
bad mcabe all right if you allow if you
allow that let's say you've ruled out
that he was a good guy let's say you've
ruled out you've ruled that out and
you're just saying what kind of a bad
guy was he there are two versions one is
he made bad decisions based on being
biased and be and being brainwashed by
the media and that caused him to uh to
you know not do his duty the way we see
it and the other way is that he was just
um consciously didn't like the president
and was looking for ways to get rid of
them but those two are still I think
those are still equally in play until
the there's more information that would
tell us which one is the one I don't
rule out either one all right so I'm not
ruling out either those possibilities
I'm just saying there are two
possibilities it was more than just
macabe says someone in all
caps
yes uh it was a bunch of people who felt
the same I'm not sure where a deep state
conspiracy
starts and where just people people
thinking
alike uh ends did that even make sense
what how can you tell the difference
between um a
conspiracy and a deep Spate deep state
conspiracy and a bunch of people who
just feel the
same doesn't it look the same what if a
bunch of people really just felt the
same Scott stop he doesn't sound
repentant
now stop what what exactly am I supposed
to stop and why should his lack of
feeling repentant have anything to do
with what I just said if anything it
supports the theory that he didn't think
he was doing something
wrong that's what non-rep people look
like now also Psychopaths but uh if if
you let me put it this way if you're
feeling certainty about what mcab was
thinking you do not have a credible
opinion if you say to yourself well I
don't like how this looks and it looks
like this and it's probably this but I
could see how it might be a little bit
more he was just just wrong all right if
you're saying that then I say well
that's a credible opinion even if you
said even if you said I think it's a 90%
chance he was just being a political
animal and trying to get rid of trump
but it's a 90% chance there's a 10%
chance he was just had TDS like
everybody else and thought he was doing
the right thing I would say that's a
credible
opinion but if you say to me stop even
talking about that 10% one you're you
just are not part of the serious
conversation cuz we don't
know all right I'm going to get rid of
this user who who yells at me and caps
um ridiculous things all the time so
you're gone now
all
right do I believe in absolutes I don't
believe in that
question
um no
forgiveness all right Russell you're
getting blocked for the no forgiveness
comment um I don't want to live in the
world where forgiveness is ruled out now
if he did mean to just do a
coup then I wouldn't forgive that either
but it's a little too early to talk
about no forgiveness when we don't know
all the
facts
um he thought he was doing the right
thing it's possible you know keep in
mind that he's saying this in public so
he wrote a book and he's telling his
story in
public with no embarrassment apparently
so if that doesn't indicate that he
thinks he was doing the right thing I
don't know what would that's the best
evidence I could think of uh but again
we don't know what he's thinking we just
know that there are two hypotheses that
are still alive one that he had TDS and
one that he was just a weasel who want
to overthrow the government for his own
reasons
it sure smells like a coup it does
there's it smells like a coup I
agree
[Music]
um all right you're blocking people for
their
opinions why else would I block
people yes I'm blocking people for
opinions that that's why you block
people there there are there are
legitimate credible useful opinions and
then there are people who just scream
their opinions despite the evidence and
they're not
productive
uh any predictions for the North Korea
I'll talk up that that
separately oh yeah then Amazon pulled
into the New York City deal that was
interesting I hear people blaming AOC
for that but I don't know
I don't know how much of that was really
because of uh AOC so I'm going to wait
to hear about that but I loved I loved
the um did you see the wording that
Amazon used the way they worded their
pullout and in their public statement
was really good because they said that
this sort of project doesn't work unless
you can work closely with the local
politicians and they didn't have enough
support and I thought pretty good reason
that's that's well stated
all right that's all I got for now I
talk to you later