pom pom pom pom pom pom poms hey
everybody can you hear me I'm not sure
my sound is working right now but if it
is if it is you know what time it is
it's time for the simultaneous up it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams it's
time to talk about ourselves in the
third person and now join me if you will
for the best sip of the day I call it
the simultaneous sip and here it comes
oh good stuff so some of you remember
there's an old story in the news I'm not
sure when this occurred maybe you can
fact check me I think it was a year ago
I was so approximately a year ago the
President had a summit with Putin oh
wait it wasn't a year ago it was one
week ago
you can barely remember what did I tell
you a week ago when the summit went bad
I said in a week you family gonna
remember it happen because there's gonna
be so much that happens between now and
then well I was not disappointed
so I guess last night President Trump
tweeted in all caps I will read the
tweet and I'll read it I'll read them in
all caps if you've ever read something
in all caps you know it reads completely
differently so - Iranian president
rouhani in all caps
never ever threaten the United States
again that's somebody at my door all
that
I've got room service stay with me for a
minute
I'm live on video but go ahead and do
yes please
you just leave it anywhere they're sweet
so let me finish reading this tweet this
has never ever threatened the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before we are no longer a country that
will stand for your demented words or
violence of death be cautious so there
are several things to talk about here
number one is this is first all caps
tweet so there there are several things
going on here number one is that this is
turned up the heat higher than you've
ever seen before and does this plate
look exactly like the rocket band dotard
exchange does does it look familiar
don't you think you've been here before
so it looks to me that the president is
responding to Ronnie's comment about
messing with Iran would be the mother of
all wars but interesting rouhani also
said it would be you know it could be
the mother of all peace to have peace
with Iran so I think Roja knees want
some peace but I think both he and the
president Veta ramped it up all the way
yes please
needed to ramp it up all the way to get
to the next level so let me try to do
math and talk to you at the same time
thank you too
we're having bagel bagel and I'll show
you
like I'm multitasking hmm
healthy
let's take this simultaneous sip of the
level with actual Hotel coffee not
something out of a paper cup so anyway
yes this seems to be in North Korea
replay where the president takes it up
to the highest level scares the pants
off of everybody including our own
people now at the same time a couple
other things happened you saw I think
Mike Pompeo said something in a tweet
maybe yesterday about supporting the
Iranian people no I thought that might
have been a mistake because I don't
think the United States should look like
it's behind a revolution because that
just gives the Iranians something to
push against you know it gives them a
common enemy on the outside I think any
revolution that happens in Iran that
just needs to be Iran's internal
business because we could wait forever
we're not really in a hurry and there
isn't much chance that the Iranian
leadership will survive forever now we
also saw the the President or the
administration whoever did it accused
accused Iranian leader come any comment
of having a 95 billion dollar hedge fund
so now the accusations out that how many
is a big old thief who stole ninety five
billion dollars I don't know how true
that is but it's out there down and
apparently we're looking at ramping up
the sanctions to whatever level got them
to the table last time so I need to eat
my breakfast so I'm not going to stay
around for no long it looks to me like
we're just seeing exactly the the play
that seems to be working in North Korea
so that's good
and apparently the UN had a vote in
which they almost passed a resolution
that blamed both sides
for the Israeli situation that that had
almost blamed Hamas when normally the UN
doesn't normally the UN only blames
Israel for everything but they they
narrowly almost passed something that
blamed at both sides so there does seem
to be a big shift coming that was the
tone of the article on that and I think
nikki Haley and David Friedman and and
somebody else wrote that that memo all
right go eat I think I will
yeah another some implication of Obama
in Spygate I don't know about that yet
I literally just woke up alright I need
to go eat I just wanted to talk about
that I this tweet is doing everything
you needed to do the president's tweet
in all caps because it changes the news
cycle it put America back in the
offensive scares the pants off of
everybody which is exactly what he wants
to do and it sets things up for maybe a
good result so we'll see and I'll talk
to you later