hey everybody come on in here it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams and as luck
would have it I'm Scott Adams I get to
have coffee with me every day but you
you have to make sure you're here every
day or else you might miss one so I
guess I'm lucky that way
but grab a seat make sure you've got
what you need you know what you need if
you can enjoy the simultaneous sip you
need something this is what you need
yeah the cover of Margar glass this time
the cellist a tankard if they're mr.
flask a canteen or a vessel of any car
[Music]
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and get ready for the dopamine
hit that is better than anything it's
gonna get your day you're off to a great
start
join me now for the simultaneous simple
aah it's not my imagination it does get
better every time every time it's better
so once again I checked the news and
didn't find any do you ever have those
days you look you wake up and it's sort
of a habit you check the news and some
days there just isn't any news now they
still report full pages and hours of
stuff but it doesn't really reach the
level of news that matters and in a
large in a large way but it's all fun
stuff so the news is well some of its
tragic let me let me be clear about that
so some of its bad it's all like
celebrity interesting crazy people you
know a little bit of violence you know
the things you like let's talk about
that but before I talk about that I
won't talk about a website some of you
will be interested in if you're in the
business of making PowerPoint slides
it's not my own company I don't have a
financial interest in it it's just
interesting from
persuasion point of view so there's a
company that is essentially packaging
and monetizing persuasion so it can
actually sell you a unit of persuasion
that you can drop into your PowerPoint
deck to make it more persuasive do you
think that's possible do you think it's
scientifically possible to buy a slide
for your slide deck that's already
pre-made as you know may not have much
to do with your actual content but that
plopping it into your existing slide
deck could make your slide deck more
memorable does that even seem like a
thing well it's backed by science and
the founder of the company is somebody
I've known for a long time in fact it's
dr. Carmen Simon who wrote the book I
recommend all the time on memory it was
his name all remember in a moment the
name of the book so I recommend her all
the time for her expertise and her
writing on how to cause somebody to
remember something
Carmen Simon not Carly Simon
dr. Carbon Simon anyway the company is
called mimsy
Emmie M as in memory ma m zy calm and
the business model is you can buy these
slides that she's designed and tested
they're simply tweak your attention so
if you've got let's say 25 slides but
you know that your audience might not
remember 10% of what you say but you
know which 10% you want them to leave
with you take one of her slides you plop
it in right before the part that you
want them to remember and it wakes them
up so these were actually slides
designed to sort of in a small way shock
to the brain and just go Boop
and you wake up and then you show them
the part you want them to remember and
you catch them just at the right moment
of attention
so I mentioned this because if it's in
the persuasion theme and if any of you
wanted to test it its MEMS e.com let's
talk about the viral video of Chris
Cuomo being confronted by somebody who
called him
freedo Fredo Fredo which apparently is
some kind of either Italian racial slur
based on the Godfather I don't know
exactly what's going on with the story
but my my take on it is it must be some
kind of a racial ethnic slur
Chris Cuomo having Italian heritage and
he was he was confronted probably in New
York City I think there's a little viral
video of it and Chris Cuomo went pretty
hard at the accuser now to the point
where he was it was literally
challenging him to a physical
confrontation or at least making it
clear that he was willing to have won
over this issue and I had kind of mixed
feelings when I was what I was watching
it the first feeling was well you don't
know how much is theater because there
were people there to prevent a fight you
know there were enough people around
them that probably a fight wasn't going
to actually happen so it was a little
safer to say that yeah and I think the
the people are telling me in the
comments show that the the reference to
freedo is that it's sort of the the
weaker son or the weak brother or
something like that but it also has an
ethnic probably non coincidental
association that I don't think can be
ignored so it did look it did look like
it was an ethnic slur to me and if he
even if it wasn't intended that way you
have to be smart enough to know it
should have been taken that way I mean
anybody would take it that way there's
no way you're going to say something
like that to somebody with Italian
heritage
they're just gonna say oh that's funny
haha walk away have you ever seen have
you ever seen somebody of serious
Italian heritage witnessing an Italian
joke they don't like it and nor should
they
but anyway the way the way Chris Cuomo
responded is the way everybody I've ever
seen responded you know in that
situation so I would say his response
was typical and not in a bad way
typical and completely acceptable in my
opinion so I I think the you know the
reason it's a viral video or somebody
said it about Eric Trump was that where
it came from originally right I just
think this is all nonsense
and maybe maybe is mildly entertaining
but we should forget about it all let's
talk about Bernie Sanders he was
accusing the Washington Post of giving
him bad coverage and he's he's alleging
that because he keeps bragging on Amazon
for not paying taxes or enough taxes of
the type he's speaking of that that they
they might be giving him bad coverage
because Amazon owns the Washington Post
and if you're a Democrat how do you
respond to that suppose you're a
Democrat and the whole time you thought
the Washington Post was telling honest
reporting about Trump and then Bernie
Sanders says they're not giving on just
reporting about me how do you have you
processed that do you say to yourself oh
wow
the Washington Post is completely
straightforward about Trump but it looks
like maybe they make stuff up or they
give bad reporting about Bernie Sanders
is that what you think or are you a
little more likely to think wait a
minute if Trump and Sanders are saying
this publication is biased
isn't that kind of persuasive I would
think so one of these filters that I
recommend for reality is if both sides
agree on something that's probably true
if only one side says it happened or can
see it it's probably not but when both
you know the the second-ranked Democrat
in terms of the polls and the president
United States on the other side says oh
it's totally true this publications is
biased what do you say you know is there
anybody who's a Democrat who hears
Bernie
complaining about the Washington Post's
sees Trump complaining about it and says
to themselves now I think it's probably
straightforward they're just complaining
sighs suppose maybe some people say that
let's talk about Epstein because there's
there are very few things less
interesting than the story so the latest
I'd call it a leak there's some
reporting on it but I would say you
shouldn't believe anything about the
Epstein story yet here's a list of
things you should not believe are
necessarily true although they have been
although they have been reportedly
reported so as reported that he was
found with the bedsheet around his neck
hanging from a bunk
you should not at not assume that's true
it could be true but we're in the fog of
war stage where if you had to bet for
something being true or bet against it
mm-hmm
it's probably sort of a toss-up at this
point probably a 50/50 somebody's asking
if I saw The Godfather movies yes
they're all overrated let me be the one
to say all the Godfather movies terribly
overrated I don't get them like I don't
know anybody why anybody'd watch those
movies so there I said it totally
overrated movies now of course our art
is subjective so I I understand that
people can like stuff I don't like
talk about Epstein here's some other
things you should not believe are
necessary
true this is a story about there were
cameras in the hallway or that there was
camera not working don't believe had any
of that stuff yet could be true don't
believe any of it yet reports that his
roommate was reassigned and they didn't
get a new roommate
probably it's likely he didn't have a
roommate I mean that feels like we'd
know that but these circumstances of why
that roommate was removed and how how
unusual that is I wouldn't leave
anything yet the story about him trying
to kill himself the first time and then
claiming it was an attack maybe it
wasn't I wouldn't believe anything about
any of that stuff I would say a hundred
percent of what you've heard about the
first alleged attempt on his life or
suicide whichever was double evaluate so
those are the things you shouldn't
believe which is most of the story at
this point so but suppose it turns out
that he was he was discovered hanging by
a bedsheet how does that explain that
the coroner still has some questions if
you find somebody literally hanging from
a bedsheet dead in a jail who was a
suicide risk why do you keep checking
well seems like the obvious reason seems
like the obvious reason is that you
would check because you thought maybe it
was staged you know maybe somebody
killed him and then hung him up there so
it looked like you'd been murdered maybe
somebody says toxicology takes a while
that's my guess I think you have to find
out if he also had any you know anything
deadly in his body because if you were
going to stage a hanging first you'd
kill him with some nun you know non non
obvious way in terms of bruises and then
you would then you'd waste him up on the
bed if that's what you're doing but it
seems to me that the odds of
else getting in there and and all the
cameras turned off for the entire path
of what it would take for somebody to
get in there and get out probably more
than one camera I know I so the odds of
somebody else getting in there seem low
now what are the odds that somebody
intentionally or was paid to turn to
turn away or allow it to happen
pretty good but we don't have evidence
of that so I would say that the
incompetence hypothesis is gaining in
power at least in terms of what the
official the official response will be
but certainly not gaining in strength in
terms of the the public's you know
interest in believing the conspiracy
theory that will never go away so here's
my prediction I predict there will be I
predict there will be no official
meeting no no justice system evidence
suggesting it's murder unless you can
technically call it murder if there was
a guard who intentionally left him alone
so we might have evidence that somebody
didn't do their job or intentionally did
it do the job and that would technically
be murder just because they would be an
accomplice to it I guess
but I don't believe there's somebody who
came in and killed him so my my
prediction is that there will never be
official evidence you know you're
welcome to your conspiracy theories but
there will never be official evidence of
somebody else directly killing him but
there might be people who kind of helped
him do it himself
alright so only at the Biden versus
Trump matchup and at the moment Biden is
accusing the president of being away
supremacist so the president would have
to defend against that framing well the
president is framing Joe Biden as losing
his fastball slowing down being slow Joe
which of those is easier to defend I
kind of like Biden's positioned because
he's been gaffing forever and none of
them seem to hurt anything so I think
people are willing to go with the gaff
because even if he doesn't do a good job
of defending his gaffes people get used
to it you know same as I get used to
Trump so he does have a real advantage
there in that matchup but have you
noticed that more and more people are
talking about Biden as something like
the the leader in name only that I think
that phrase was used today on Fox Fox
and Friends do you get the sense that
more and more people are thinking yeah
we get that he's got a dominant lead in
the polls but do you get that he can't
win and that's gonna count because if
anybody emerges as more electable
especially let's say let's say after
Iowa for example somebody gets a boost
maybe Cory Booker apparently has a good
ground game in Iowa so I think the
moment the Democrats can smell anybody
else in the pack who seems electable
Biden will just think like a Iraq and I
think some smart people are waiting for
that to happen and it would happen
suddenly if it happened I guess the
Trump administration is introducing some
new rules and the green card situation
in which you would have to demonstrate
that you have the ability to essentially
support yourself I don't know the
details but yet the essence of it is if
you need the government to support you
you're not going to become a citizen but
if you can take care of yourself maybe
you've got a path something like that in
broad strokes that of course is being
will of course be painted as racist
because the mayor system seems that way
now let me ask you this I'm going to
suggest an immigration system
that is guaranteed to be non-racist
while also giving President Trump
everything he wants from an immigration
system are you ready do you think that
can be done do you think we could design
a system that's guaranteed not to be
racist guaranteed at the same time it
gives President Trump everything he
wants in the immigration do you think
that's possible
here's my system you come up with a
criteria for scoring you know whether
somebody comes into the country you make
it objective just the way you would make
a mortgage loan objective now if you've
never been involved in getting a
mortgage you know that you have to
answer a billion questions some of them
you don't think are even relevant to you
but it's because whoever is looking at
the loan doesn't know you and in fact I
don't know if they do this in banks but
they should I think they do this in
college applications
don't they remove the name on college
applications maybe not every college for
some so that the reviewer cannot be
biased by the name and gender and you
know assumed ethnicity that's the
subject of the name that's the thing
right so what if you took all the people
who want to come into the country as
immigrants and you say hey everybody
just apply you can all apply and we'll
make two kinds of decisions one will
decide how many we're letting in this
year but everybody can apply you don't
have to be looking for asylum you could
just all apply if you're looking for a
Salim that's part of the check boxes you
know that'll give you a little extra if
you've got something Salim stuff going
on maybe they'll give you a little extra
in your check box but you have all the
immigrants fill out their particulars
what their education is you know do they
have a job lined up whatever it is that
you think is important it makes it can
they speak English etc and then you you
make it objective and then here's the
magic part you remove the names
and ideally you remove the language
identifier so that the people reviewing
the applications wait for it can't tell
what country they're from yeah about
that what if the people who decide who
gets in and who doesn't get in can't
tell what country it is they can only
look at the checklist and the checklist
says speaks of English graduated high
school has a job lined up already has
some family here to you know get them
goin whatever the criteria is on no
expert and immigration but the people
who are concerned about immigration
being racist how can they how can they
argue with the system that would remove
all reference to race and allow the the
people who make the decisions just to
look at the stuff we care about now
there's still be vetting right you still
need vetting but let's say the vetting
is also separate let's say the people
who do the vetting do the vetting and
then they're the ones who check the box
ok we've added these people they're not
definitely not a terrorist
it's just one of the boxes that gets
checked so the people make the final
decision don't know anything they just
know the box is checked they're not a
terrorist
already been vetted how can you complain
about a system that removes all
information about your ethnicity and
national origin before the decision is
made you can't complain about that
there's nothing left it is the most
colorblind
everything blind religion blind thing
you could come up with you know even
take take the what was called the Muslim
ban the the several countries that don't
have good records and therefore we can't
tell them who's coming in just turn that
into a blind process there's a box of
the checklist is this from a country
that has good records or we you don't
even have to say that you can just say
are the records reliable yeah they're
the records is saying who you are from
your
country reliable or not reliable through
whatever reason doesn't have to be
because it's from a country that's you
know unreliable could be some other
reason but somebody else would check
that back somebody else in the
government not the people making the
decision they just see in the box all
right
then there's the second part of the
decision the first part of the decision
is you know the individuals you know
with the with the the identifiers
removed
you know those decisions who gets em
from yourself second is part of it is
how many and so you say as a as a
country how many people do we want to
let in per year we get our experts
involved and you agree that maybe you
know we want to throttle it down a
little bit and then we then we re let's
say we revisit that number every six
months perhaps there's an independent
panel of economist listen listen I'll
just throw out this idea let's say every
six months you reassess the total number
of people are you letting in without
regard to where they're coming from just
the total number and then you compare
that to how many jobs are open you you
can tell if you're getting people who
are filling jobs and you could tell if
it's working out but every six months
you review it and let's say it's just a
panel of economists from you know maybe
different sides and that panel says you
know we're we don't really know what the
right number is but we're gonna say
400,000 let's see how it goes six months
later you say how'd it go dude does it
look like people can't get jobs when
they come in did it look like our
unemployment rate domestically what up
how'd it go and if things are going fine
you say we like immigrants 400,000
worked fine bump it up to 500,000 but
again just for six months and then
you're gonna look at it again now let's
say six months later the unemployment
rate of the citizens turns bad you don't
kick out the people you already let in
that wouldn't be fair you say instead
okay maybe maybe we pull it back down to
four or 50 for a year to see what
happens again six months later you look
at it again or how about this why don't
we have a law that says that the number
of people we let in with immigration is
related to no you don't want to tie it
to the unemployment level specific
because you want as many PhDs to come
into the country as possible
I'm using that just as a proxy for
highly trained people you want unlimited
highly trained people so maybe you have
to have some two different paths
possibly it could be a fast path for
people above a certain level of training
and there might be a more generic path
for people below the minimum level of
we'll let you all in above this so there
could be like a level beyond which hey
if you at that level we'll take you all
we don't care how many of there are you
know you can empty India of phd's we'll
take them all have you ever met
like what like an Indian immigrant who
went to like an IIT or one of the top
schools or something you have any idea
how smart the people coming into this
country are and we're heading for
Silicon Valley we're not talking
ordinary smart we're talking crazy smart
like just off the charts like you can't
even believe how smart is there a limit
to how many of those you want I'll tell
you I live in the Bay Area
tons of immigrants from India the ones
that I tend to interact with tend to be
brilliant they add a lot you want as
many as you can as many as you can get
so that's so let me toss that out there
so those of you who are new to my
periscope
let me give you some context I don't
assume any of my ideas are good
I don't assume any of my ideas are good
I do assume that some of them might be
unique
some of them might make you think of
something differently if I can get you
to think in terms
of systems which is what I was just
talking about versus goals you're gonna
be ahead of the game if that's the only
thing I do so I like to throw out an
idea now and then and say what do you
think now let's just play this through
in your head let's say the president
says you know hypothetically takes this
idea and says you know I hear you about
immigration having a a racial component
even if we don't like to no matter what
you do with immigration it's gonna look
racist to somebody and I see that
wouldn't you love the president to say
you know I got a I hear you everything
we do with immigration is gonna feel
racist to somebody so here's what I
suggest let's take the the race out of
it literally and create a blind system
where we can just pick the people who do
check the boxes and we won't even know
where they're coming from the only thing
we'll decide as a country is with our
you know panel of economists whether we
should be ramping up the number or down
the number but otherwise we're just
going to use the checklist and then
we're gonna tighten security at all of
our you know and all the way is from
from the green card over from the visa
overstays to the border will tighten
everything overtime but the goal is to
have a completely colorblind system can
you help me make that happen what would
be the reaction would Trump supporters
say no we can't have a colorblind system
would you is there anybody here on this
periscope most of you probably Trump
supporters how many of you would reject
now remember it's a separate question of
how many right that I'm not even talking
about that it's a separate question
would you object to the decision of who
comes in to be completely divorced of
what country they're coming from and
that the people making the decision just
see the checklist would you be okay with
that
somebody says what is the total criteria
that's a fair question maybe you maybe
you need to see the criteria before you
do it but you can imagine some of them
how well do you speak the English do you
have contacts art here do you have a job
lined up what are your skills do you
have a criminal record do you have a
valid claim of asylum that sort of thing
are you bringing any assets with you you
know are you do you have a skill in an
industry where we really want people so
you could imagine that the criteria
could shift over time but it would be
easy to create a set of criteria that
even the biggest critic in the world
would say all right
you wouldn't you know that's just
objective right now those of you say no
we don't want this to be elitist because
one of the arguments you would hear from
Democrats from a meritocracy is hey if
you let in just the highly educated I
get that that's good for the economy in
in ways that educated people help
economies I think even critics would get
that that has a economic value but they
would say and this is a good argument
this is a good argument they would say a
lot of our superstars you know we
historically come from humble beginnings
they may not have you know they might be
the parents of the kid who becomes the
next you know inventor the next you know
startup superstar etc so why would you
prevent these people who have tremendous
potential but they just haven't met the
checklist if you don't let them in
you're missing a lot of goodness they
could come with them you know that we
can't predict I find that a pretty
compelling argument I have to admit it's
a compelling argument and I think you
could deal with it with the system which
is you could say if we're gonna let in
four hundred thousand a year you say
we're gonna make a hundred thousand of
them just have to have this level of
education period whether it's a hundred
or two hundred whatever
but you say this many just have to have
our minimum education but we are gonna
let in 100,000 people who just might not
have met the best criteria but we can
afford it we're a rich country
essentially you know we have a huge debt
so people will argue whether we're
actually the poorest country in the
world of the richest I think you could
argue it either way but we certainly
have the most capability and yeah so we
can argue about the percentage and that
would be a fair and honest argument and
one that I haven't seen I haven't seen
anybody say well here's the percentage
I'd like 25% to have advanced education
I'd like 50% to be just solid people who
have maybe a little bit of command of
English to get started but we're gonna
let 25 percent in who are just in you
know they've got some issues but at
least they probably are employable I
would be ok with that because you know
we're not a country we're not a country
that's totally selfish we're we're a
generous country who understands the
concept that you have to take care of
yourself or else you won't be in any
shape to take care of anybody else all
right so we can we'll get rid of the
critic who doesn't need to ever come
back all right so that's my idea let
that hang out there a little bit
speaking of hanging seeking speaking of
epstein all right
I saw sort article in CNN that was a
sort of anti a Trump you know
everybody's a racist kind of an article
and I don't know if this has happened to
you yet but I think something there's
some kind of weird crossover that just
happened you know some inflection point
where it used to be that if I read you
an opinion piece on CNN site if it
disagreed with my worldview it would
bother me a little bit I think oh god
I've got a I've got to say something
about this I'm gonna point out the
errors but now I'm starting to read
their pieces like comedy has that
happened to you yet so this article it's
titled this is the title of an opinion
piece on CNN cnn.com says quote the
title says why America still can't face
up to Trump's racism now I tweeted it
without comment while I added a comment
but you know I didn't I didn't criticize
its facts because I couldn't read it as
anything but funny write it it just I
read it the same way I would read a
comedy piece looking for the hilarious
parts and of course it was full of them
now it wouldn't be hilarious people who
have the same mindset but I read it as
somebody who's got a mental problem and
let me say I don't mean that as
hyperbole I think they have a mental
problem now when I say a mental problem
I don't mean a permanent one TDS is very
you know trend transients meaning
meaning that if Trump left office TDS
would subside fairly immediately so
there's a something funny about watching
people act irrationally if you ever lose
if you watched Anna Navarro on CNN
lately have you ever seen that watching
an and devar oh there's another funny
viral clip where I guess Steve Cortes
was the other guests talking to Chris
Cuomo and she she got triggered so I
guess Steve triggered her and watching
Anna Navarro go crazy I mean there's the
way I read it is it looks like mental
illness and I hate to say it it's
entertaining I don't know what that says
about me
but it doesn't I don't I no longer think
about what her point of view is and
compare it to my own because it's gone
so far that her point of view doesn't
seem relevant anymore you're watching
somebody have some kind of a mental
situation temporary I don't think she's
you know permanently mentally ill or
anything but temporarily it's a mental
hysteria and it's kind of entertaining
so anyway I love I love the title of
this because you can see where things
are going and see you know it makes you
think past the sale so the sale here is
that trumps are racist and and instead
of saying is Trump a racist or is he not
which is what we used to ask even the
enemies used to ask now they say why
America still can't face up to it all of
trumps racism so they they act as though
that's a given and then they're confused
why America can't see what they can see
so clearly now if you're going to write
an article about a mystery and the
mystery is why doesn't everybody agree
with me what would you at least not give
some attention to all of the
alternatives because the one alternative
is that people are lying or stupid and
there are 60 million of them that's 60
million people are either lying or
racists or stupid that's sort of what
the author is implying by not mentioning
any other hypotheses and yet the article
itself is such a clear representation of
tedious and fake news and the TDS is
supported by references to the fake news
in the article because he sort of
casually mentions that the president's
using this you know racist provocative
language he doesn't mention it's the
same language that Democrats use it's
just they don't get accused of this so
watching an article that is nothing but
tedious and fake news which is of course
supporting the TDs
with a headline why can't people see it
yeah how is that not funny to you now
here's a question senator Tim Scott was
just on one of the TV TV news shows he's
an african-american senator or
Republican he was asked if Trump is
racist he says no no now let me ask you
this have you ever had a black person
who couldn't identify a racist or
wouldn't is that even a thing
think about it in the entire world of
like every every black person ever born
in in the United States has there ever
been a case where even one you know
let's say adult African American person
ever said no that's not racist and they
were when they were wrong about it
because I gotta think black people are
really good at recognizing racism let me
ask you this do you think that Senator
Tim Scott would support somebody he
thought actually was a racist for
political reasons because you know hey
Republican I'm a Republican
does that seem too sassy we've been a
little bit credible do you know who Tim
Scott is do you think for a second that
he would go on national television and
say no he's not a racist unless he
actually believed it unless he actually
believed it I mean seriously
I'm kind of feeling Tim Scott would be
the first one saying you got to get this
guy out of here I can't be on this team
so if you look into two hypotheses one
is that Republicans are experiencing a
hysteria that's not unlike I'm sorry
that Democrats are experiencing some
kind of mass hysteria about Trump it's
not that different than what Republicans
experienced about
to Obama remember a lot of a lot of
Republicans thought he was a you know
Muslim sleeper cell and everything else
so compare that hypothesis to he's
totally racist and it's obvious and
nobody can doubt it but for some reason
there are a lot of black people who
still say it's not happening what are
the odds of that hey if you're a
Democrat who has that view that the
racism is obvious and clear and we're
not questioning whether it exists
anymore and yet there are prominent
black leaders who go on TV as they are
and that's not there I don't see it how
do you explain it because it perfectly
explains the hypothesis that they're
having some some you know some of its
political but some of it is a hysteria
that explains a hundred percent of
everything you see am I wrong does it
not explain a hundred percent of your
observation it does but the he's really
a racist and it's obvious doesn't
explain why Israel hasn't noticed
doesn't explain how Tim Scott is willing
to go on TV put his own reputation
completely on the line skin in the game
right talk about skin in the game
imagine your Tim Scott are you gonna put
that much risk into it I mean at the if
you believed it was true or even a
little bit true is it isn't it far more
likely he would say something like yeah
I can see what they're saying because
the way he talks but we hope he doesn't
think that in his heart and you know if
he does anything that's a policy all of
course jump all over it wouldn't he be
talking like that don't you think I
think so
but he's not he's saying unambiguously
now this is not racism right I saw a
list with CNN that I printed out these
are this is a long list of what CNN
reports as Trump uh promoted conspiracy
theories
now I started laughing when it's reading
list I'm gonna read the list to you then
we will talk about a few so these are
the things that they say Trump believes
that they call a conspiracy theory
number one senator Ted Cruz is dead
involved in the JFK assassination all
right well I have to talk about it as I
say him because it would be too funny
obviously Trump doesn't believe that
that was just sort of a throwaway line
they got everybody chattering so I
couldn't take that seriously I just
Justice Scalia may have been killed oh
maybe I mean a lot of reasonable people
say mm hmm
it would be one thing to say he was
killed but I'll think it's a conspiracy
theory to say he might have it isn't
that just true whether you think it
happened or it didn't might have been so
I'm not sure that's believing in the
conspiracy there Joe Scarborough
involved in his interns death okay you
know Trump doesn't necessarily believe
that's true it's just something you say
about your critic because it's out there
and it makes him defend it right Clinton
aides death wasn't suicide I don't know
what that which aide they're talking
about there so I don't have an opinion
on that President Obama not a US citizen
I don't quite believe that the president
ever said that did he I don't think he
said that directly I could be wrong but
I don't think he ever said that he just
raised the question about the birth
certificate
how about this one I'd never heard
before Senator Marco Rubio not eligible
to be President well because his parents
were born somewhere else or something
okay that was just silly there's no
chance that the President believes that
Marco Rubio is not eligible to be
President senator Ted Cruz not eligible
to be President because he's Canadian
again not a chance the president Trump
actually believes that picture Vince
Foster was the
I don't know about that story but to me
that just sounds like something you toss
out there to make the to make the other
side have to explain it away then they
have Obama wiretap to Trump Tower and
they're calling that a conspiracy theory
well it might not be exactly technically
accurate that Obama wiretapped Trump
Tower but given everything we've learned
about the you know the Comey
investigation and all that it's not too
far from the truth is it I mean you have
to you have to make some you know
assumptions and you know pound it into
the truth a little bit but it's not that
far
it is truly his campaign you know was
being was under surveillance and let
that part's true all right the claim
that Muslim Americans celebrated on 9/11
they said that's a conspiracy theory
because there's not a single bit of
videotape to suggest that's true but how
do you prove a negative if I kill
somebody and there's no videotape can I
say I didn't kill him seems like a lack
of videotape is not proof something
didn't happen because you got to think
that there was some maybe some people
celebrated endorsed all right how about
and and let me clarify there are people
of all kinds in every group it seems to
me then that every tragedy probably gets
some idiot in some group to celebrate
they're probably people who celebrate
natural disasters there are probably
regular Americans who celebrate an
earthquake in California because they
say screw California you vote for the
wrong president anyway no you think
there's somebody it's a big country
there's somebody who celebrates too
every freaking disaster there's somebody
who celebrates mass shootings you know
that you know that's true right you
don't see them because they don't do it
so much on video so when the president
said that some you didn't say how many
Muslim Americans celebrated on 9/11
if Muslim Americans are like every other
American and there are enough of them
probably somebody did something you
don't like but I would I would reject
the idea that it was some kind of you
know general Muslim reaction but any
large group has some bad actors some
global warming is then the claim that
millions of people have voted illegally
I don't know the answer to that I I have
my doubts that millions of people voted
illegally just because I don't know that
people are that incentivize the vote I
mean it's hard enough to get legal
people to vote I don't know how you get
millions of people who would fear being
detected voting I know if I were illegal
unless last damn thing I'd ever do is
vote would you would you vote if you
were if you were not a legal resident it
feels like you would just be asking for
attention now if somebody says I love
your naivete well you must be new here
because when people say I'm naive and
don't give an answer what do I do block
so you got blocked happy to hear your
answers if you have objections saying I
say happy to hear them but you're naive
is insta block now I'm not saying that I
have an opinion on whether or not lots
lots of people I don't know whether
millions or not I don't have an opinion
on how many people if anyone voted
illegally do you feel you have good
information that would tell you whether
that's true or not I don't does anybody
really know I mean if
I had to put money on it I'd say
probably not millions but let's put it
this way if somebody said to me alright
you got to make a bet you don't have a
choice you have to make a bet you either
get a bet that millions of people voted
illegally or millions did not but
Millions is the key word has to be more
than 2 million to be millions would I
bet with my own money if I had to bet
then Millions with an ass of illegal
votes forecast I'd say no I can't rule
it out
but I'd bet against it now let's change
the question what I vote against tens of
thousands of illegal votes in the places
where it mattered because that's the
only place you have to do the illegal
voting right you don't need it illegal
votes where you know you're gonna lose
it or you know you're gonna win it
doesn't make any difference
you'd only have to put the illegal boats
in the places where a few most matter
would I vote that there were not tens of
thousands of illegal votes and having
many many millions that were cast would
I put my money on that nope
I would not again I don't know the
answer because I don't think we'll ever
have any credible information at least
not that I would believe I mean because
you just can't trust how the data was
gathered you you know if they can't
detect illegal voters does that mean
they didn't exist doesn't mean that it
just means they didn't detect them so
we'll never really know but I would bet
tens of thousands I would bet against
millions but in the context of president
Trump's statements doesn't he doesn't he
always exaggerate everything so you know
put that in in the mix you know tell you
something I was wondering the other day
why do we still have voter fraud in what
will be 2020 are you telling me that we
don't have technology and systems that
could drive a voter fraud to nothing
seriously let me
let me just throw out you know one
possibility
you put an inexpensive camera at the
voting booth and you take everybody's
picture how about that
you just take their picture before they
vote maybe that's already done I didn't
know if that's done I recently came
through customs back into the United
States and this is the first time I've
seen this I don't know if it's new but
if you're coming through customs and you
know you're you're up to the gate and
you're the one dealing with the customs
person he says take off your glasses and
look in the camera so part of the
process even as an American of coming
into the country is that they take a
picture of your face now given that we
have facial recognition and we can match
a face to the real person we've got the
person's name because they're voting now
we've got their picture how in the world
do we not know if they're the real
person because we've got the picture and
we've got the name and I did they give
this social security number when they
vote I don't know how that works it's
been a while since I voted how in the
world can we not make every polling
place completely secure from illegal
voting simply by having a little camera
that takes your picture and says what's
your name and then we check it against
social social media now why can't we do
that can you tell me that that's not
something you could implement or I don't
know a thousand dollars per polling
place you know the federal government
could just pay for that I don't know
what how expensive that would be anyway
they here's some more conspiracy
theories that windmills cause cancer so
I don't remember exactly what the
president said about that but is there
even the see is there in existence any
kind of conspiracy theory this as
windmills cause cancer has anybody
except the president's suggested
something like that now I don't even
know what that's all about
I can't even comment on that one
but what I don't believe here's what I
don't believe the president ronpa think
swindles cause cancer well I'll think he
thinks that I don't know what he said
well I think he thinks that apparently
hurricane this is the other Trump
promoted conspiracy theory according to
CNN that Hurricane Maria death toll was
not accurate well what's that mean not
accurate of course it wasn't accurate do
you think there's ever been an accurate
death toll from a situation like that
because how would you count people how
do you know who was gonna die anyway I
mean you could you could have a
completely useful estimate that seems
fair but how could it be accurate like I
don't I don't think you can get an
accurate number so is that really
conspiracy theory I I'd have to know
more about that one and then they act
number 15 and it's funny it's the last
one in the list when you get tired of
reading so after they've warned you down
from reading the other fourteen things
the last thing on the list is Russia
didn't interfere in election that's just
fake news the president fully
acknowledges that the troll the troll
stuff existed right he fully fully
acknowledges that and fully acknowledges
I mean his justice system just went
after them so isn't that just fake news
so there you have it I think I've spent
everything I want to say for now yes and
the the corruption in the Puerto Rican
government seemed to be highlighted by
you know how how poorly they managed the
recovery on their end so I think the
president was at least partially
redeemed on that he had never
acknowledged the Helsinki presser which
meant absolutely nothing
yeah that the Helsinki press thing to
expect that the president was going to
say in front of Putin Wahpeton is
sitting there and they had a good
meeting and you know to expect that he
was gonna throw him under the bus
that doesn't seem realistic Oh have I
commented on scare lucci I haven't
allowed me to so scare Moochie and the
president have had a falling out I guess
Karen Lucci is not anti-trump he is
simply no longer a supporter and partly
because of watches recent rhetoric or
something I would say that I don't know
why any of us care too much about that I
mean they're both interesting characters
it didn't work out I don't know it's a
fun story because it's August so
watching them tweeted each other is
entertaining it's not going to change
the the rate of unemployment or the
economy Oh Yang's comments on a trumpet
being a fat slob okay yes I remember
that comment so I heard the video I
believe the context was at the Iowa
Events the yang was asked if there's
anything that Trump could do better than
the yang that must have been the
question I heard the answer not the
question but from context I think that's
what it was and yang said that what the
only thing you could think of I'm
paraphrasing that Trump would be better
at is if the task was trying to prevent
a helium balloon from getting off the
ground Trump would be better at it
because he's fat I gotta say I gotta say
the Yang's Yang's reputation with me
went up a level because you know if he
had said it about it
buddy else I would have said hey that's
not fair you're you know you're punching
down or you're picking on people for
their looks or whatever but because he
because he went after Trump and Trump
goes after everybody and including
physical attributes if it felt like a
safe safe insult right here's what yang
got wrong oh my god did he did he blow
this if you ever heard the the phrase
screwing the pooch I was like the the
worst thing you could do here's what
Andrew yang totally missed do you know
where I'm going right what was so
completely self-immolating about that
comment how did yang guarantee he can
never be president by that comment
and I mean that yang guaranteed he can
never be president fat-shaming
right he fat shamed in public while
running for president what percentage of
the total voting public is concerned
about their own weight you that's right
he took himself out of the race I mean
that literally he took himself out of
the race being having that video of him
fat shaming anybody it doesn't matter if
it's Trump the fact that all the people
who were overweight know what he thinks
about fat people that's it now how do I
know what a big mistake this is well I
learned the hard way in the very
earliest days of Dilbert I would
sometimes make fun of one of the
characters the boss or even Dilbert for
being overweight now I thought hahahaha
I'll make fun of these characters I'm
not making fun of you I'm making fun of
these characters for being overweight oh
man was that stupid
let me put let me not
henge whatsoever it was stupid
you probably watch me defend myself in a
thousand different ways for things you
think I shouldn't defend myself you know
that if I think there's even a sliver of
a good argument for why I've done
something not being criticized for I'm
gonna I'm gonna exploit that sliver if I
can find anything smart or useful or
positive about something I did that
people are criticizing before I'm gonna
fight like a a wounded weasel for that
point of view but when you're doing a
national cartoon strip and even if
you're talking about the characters
you're not talking about the public and
you say something that can be considered
a joke I mean that's the context of a
comic and it has anything to do with
people's weight you're just stupid
you're stupid that doesn't mean you're
stupid about everything but in this
particular case there was just something
wrong with your brain I'm talking about
myself here so I got a lot of email from
people who said Scott do you understand
what percentage of your loyal followers
are overweight and I didn't I really
never thought about it I was completely
oblivious to being an well even
let me let me ramp it up for a minute I
called myself stupid for making such a
that type of insensitive comment in
public it wasn't just stupid it was
being an all right I'm gonna own
that I also completely changed that you
know once those comments came in I read
them and honestly I was ashamed I was
ashamed of myself for for being an
 and for being stupid all right
there's just no there's just no way you
can can decode any of this yang just
made my mistake so I have to admit that
you know I bonded with him a little bit
over the mistake
so my opinion if young actually sort of
went up a little bit because I watched
him fail in public exactly the way I did
and I watched him say something funny
and it was an insult against Trump I did
laughs so you know I liked some stuff
about it but the fact is he was stupid
and he was an just like I was
exactly like I was no difference was I
embarrassed yes now I don't feel shame
like normal people but you know in sort
of a intellectual way I was embarrassed
I guess I'd say that whatever it is that
I feel this embarrassment which is some
tiny thing compared to what other people
feel is embarrassment I did feel yes but
it was you know a modest feeling mostly
I just acknowledged a facts of fact on
this topic I was stupid and I was an
 period and you know I apologize
for that and I move on so anyway a yang
doesn't really have any chance of being
elected after that comment that's that's
a complete game ender I just think he
doesn't know it yet
not that he necessarily was going to
make it into the top three but he can't
go all the way now now it's possible if
he if he'd if he were to do something
closer to what I just did say oh I was
an idiot yeah I apologize for that
totally insensitive won't do it again I
think he'd be alright so I think he
could actually recover from it in terms
of Republicans but there's just so many
people are gonna hear that and say oh
you're off my list period
buddy you're just off the list nobody is
overweight because they want to let me
say that again
nobody is overweight because they want
to be overweight oh okay it's a big
country somebody probably is there's
probably some people who enjoy it for
whatever reason nobody wants to be
overweight right it's not a it's not a
choice the way we normally think of
choice people who are overweight like
food better have differ
situations etc it's a real challenge for
some people I don't believe in free will
and I've said this I've said this before
but if you see the reaction the people
who have extra pounds to food and you
see skinny people's reaction to food
let's say you're at a party the food
comes out people don't react to food the
same way some people react to food like
it's heroin other people react to it's
like it's like I gotta brush my teeth
gonna take a shower got a food you know
I'm a little closer to that camp but for
the people who just get high from food I
don't know I've got a lot of empathy for
how hard that would be to to get down to
a weight that even you want it to be all
right that's all for now
I'll talk to you all later bye for now