um bum bum hey everybody come on in here
divine girl and John and Dale of course
Dale
good morning Dale Michael Martin it's
good to see you come on in there's
plenty of seating but it's filling up
fast so make sure you're getting here
fast
so this will be the weirdest most
eclectic periscope I've ever done
hey Mark we'll be talking about nuclear
in a little bit so let me start with an
idea a system that I heard from Markie
Andreessen Marc Andreessen you know him
as the rich tech investor was creator of
Netscape etc and I heard him talking
about his system that I'd never used
before and had not heard of I'm not sure
if he invented it or he's popularizing
it but he talked about instead of having
a to-do list which can be overwhelming
you know the size of your to-do list can
just keep growing he recommended having
a done list a list of things you've
completed and I heard that and I have to
admit my first reaction was well why
would that work what would make that a
good system and I didn't quite I didn't
quite feel it but it never left my mind
because number one Marc Andreessen said
it because he he tends to be sort of
ahead of the curve just figuring out
life apparently and he's real smart guy
and I thought well one of my systems is
to continually experiment with systems
so my my big system is that if I hear of
somebody else's system and it's
practical to do so I'll try to duplicate
it and see if it works for me and if it
doesn't then I'll move on to another
system so I tried it out and I'm quite
quite happy with it and here's the part
I was missing so here's my my done list
so what
my new system for getting things done at
least around the house errands and home
repair is that I'll write each thing on
a card and then when it's done I'll put
a check next to it so in this case I had
to repair some door handles I had to fix
a power washer I had to replace a GFI at
relocates and files had to fix a remote
control and there was one of the TVs
that wasn't working so one by one I I
would write a little pile of things that
I had to do each of them on their own
card and then if there was any interim
progress I would write on the back of
the card something like I called a
repair person or I'm waiting for a part
or something like that so I'd remind
myself so that I started not knocking
off tasks and here's here's the fun part
and why this system is way better than I
had imagined when I'm looking at a list
of things to do
it makes me unhappy and demotivated
because it's so big and I end up
spending all my time just rearranging
the list it's like uh how did another
things that list and then I've added so
many things to the list
it's literally overwhelming and I just
say doesn't matter if I even do one
thing on that list the list is so long I
there's no point in doing one of 35
things you know tomorrow I'm just still
getting out of 34 things on the list
I'll probably add one it's just
completely demotivating because the list
is so freakin long in my case I could
easily make a list of 35 chores that
just really need to get done so instead
I make a smaller list as I think of it I
write about a card and I'm getting to
the good part
and each time I complete something I
check it but here's what I found as my
as my list of done projects started
increasing and I started impressing
myself at how I've gotten things done
like there are things on this list that
are over a year that needed to be done I
had like one of my TVs didn't work for a
year a remote control for another TV
didn't work for you
here so but what I found is that when I
enjoyed looking through the list of what
I've done
I had easily forgotten my
accomplishments and each one of them is
like a little a little hit of dopamine I
don't know if it's dopamine might be
some other chemical but it makes me
happy and so I I think somebody used the
word in the comments here I managed to
gamify my to-do list so that instead of
a big imposing list that I don't even
want to look at and I can't tell you how
many times I've gone through this
process make a to-do list and that I
will never look at that list again
because it makes me sad
and I don't kid I make my list probably
I would guess hundreds of times over my
entire life I've made to-do lists and
that I can't look at them I literally I
can't I can't move my head to look at my
list I could grab myself by the ad and
say look at the list go look at the
to-do list but I can't because it makes
me incredibly sad and anxious so now I
look at my dog list and when I look at
my dullest I saved myself I'd like to
add one to that list so I look at my
to-do list I find what I can add and
then I then I say say oh this is gonna
be fun
I'm gonna add another thing to the done
list and then I add it and it feels good
and at the end of the process I've
turned this horrible experience of
things to do in to this gamified
Hayleigh this and then I'm saving the
list so when I see Christina next she's
just doing a little traveling but when I
see her next I'll say look at all the
things they got down you know that thing
you wanted fixed I got that fixed here's
the next item so the bottom line of that
is they worked way better than I thought
because of what it did to be
psychologically and so Marc Andreessen
was right way better system and never
would have it's completely non-obvious
until you actually try it so try it so
here's my next insight my futurist
insight you ready for this
I love I love thinking about futurist
things where some small innovation could
just change everything and it starts
with this have you ever noticed for
those of you who have taken the time to
study fitness and nutrition and and
those sorts of things have you ever
noticed that you have friends who have
problems and they don't understand like
why they feel the way they do or why
they're getting the results of getting
in their life and you look at their life
and you say to yourself if I eat the
food you ate I'd be getting the results
you're getting have you ever had that
experience where somebody doesn't know
what their problem is and they can't
figure out why they're either not losing
weight they're not they're not getting
romantic partners they're not being as
popular they don't want they don't feel
good they don't have the energy they're
not getting things done and then you
look at then you look at what they're
eating and you say to yourself if I did
what you did just exactly what you do I
would have the exact same outcomes
I would be overweight I would be low
energy I would be unhappy I would have
all those feelings so one of the
frustrating things if you're trying to
help people and I often try to give
people useful information if not advice
people don't really understand that
their lifestyle choices change what they
think and how they feel amazingly like
it just seems like such an a view
obvious thing do you know if you get
enough sleep you eat the right foods and
you exercise regularly you realize that
something like 80 percent of your
problems will go away right so I'll get
the simultaneous soup in them and I know
you're waiting so here's my insight and
then we'll get to the sip because you're
gonna want to drink to this you know how
a lot of medical devices are shrinking
to the point where they can work with
your phone so now we have very small
medical devices that can check your
blood sugar they
would small devices that can check your
oxygen level can check your your heart
rate and a whole bunch of other things
you're probably or I think we can check
whether you're hydrated so there are a
whole bunch of things that you can check
on your physical being but when we get
to the point and I think this is going
to happen I will need somebody smarter
to tell me how practical this is what's
gonna happen wait for it what's gonna
happen when we can immediately measure
our happiness chemistry and by that I
mean your serotonin levels your dopamine
your oxytocin you know that the big
three the ones the ones that you need to
have in good order in order to feel good
the moment you have a small device in
which you can measure your three
happiness chemicals in real time you're
going to know that what you do changes
those levels wait for that as the soon
as you can tell that eating this dessert
lowered your three happiness chemicals
you're done with dessert
forever let me say that again you got a
problem with your diet is your is your
diet hard is it hard to is it hard to
avoid
what's the dessert well it won't be hard
at the moment you can measure your
happiness chemistry before and after you
eat it now here I'm making an assumption
that there would be a quick quick enough
change in those things that you could
notice them but you'll certainly notice
whether you exercise recently or not you
will notice if you went out in nature
for a while which also boosts your
happiness chemistry you're going to
notice it you can measure your chemistry
before you walk in the woods and after
and once you've measured your chemistry
your happiness chemistry before walking
in the woods and then after you're gonna
walk in the woods a lot so that ability
to met
and who said this I think it was Andrew
yang said this and he's completely right
I think it was him it was one of those
brilliant things to say that politicians
don't say enough
he said that we we manage only what we
measure we manage only the things we can
measure so if you want to manage
something let's say your happiness
what's the problem you can't measure it
yeah you can you can sort of tell if
you're happy or not happy but if you
could measure your chemistry in real
time you'd actually be able to measure
did this activity make me happy did that
hug boost my oxytocin you would be
hugging like crazy if you could actually
measure what it did to you in real time
let's drink to that
do you have your beverage it doesn't
take much to participate in the
simultaneous supply you need as a couple
more glass times gel stack your thermos
/ canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous hip
because you know this is gonna boost you
dopamine you know it here it comes oh
that's good simultaneous sipping so
here's my prediction my prediction is
that we will have small devices that can
measure your dopamine serotonin and
oxytocin someday and when that happens
our lifestyle choices will fundamentally
change immediately the moment you can
measure your real-time happiness
chemistry all of your lifestyle changes
will change immediately
you won't it'll be that day then then
society will be completely transformed
I'm noting that that poor bill Polti is
getting lots of critics online for
trying to give away money in a way that
draws attention to Internet philanthropy
so that other people can join in and
give more money
can you imagine something more more good
than literally trying to increase the
number of people giving money to people
who need it that's it and making a fun
and entertaining at the same point and
he's got all these critics who are
making the wildest mind-reading
assumptions about oh he's data mining
what's what's he really up to he's
turning it into a money-making venture I
think it's a trick he's taking advantage
of people who need the money and making
them compete for it he's just trying to
buy followers on his list now
the messed-up thing about it is that
it's the most transparent process in the
world he's he is saying in the clearest
possible language he's saying that he's
boosting his Twitter followers and he's
trying to get the message larger and get
more people involved in philanthropy
he's not hiding the fact he's trying to
grow his Twitter following he says that
directly all the time it's not a trick
secondly I don't know why he did a list
he is totally non-political right he's
not he's not giving money just the
Republicans are just the Democrats in
fact you know you'd find it's pretty
mixed and it's just it's very sad to see
the number of people who will take
anything good and try to find something
terribly deeply wrong with it
and it bothers me a lot now a number of
people are saying to me Scott Scott
Scott is just bad form to have people in
need competes for compete for these
donations for the giveaways to which I
say the people who got a car or had
their dental work paid for all of those
people are pretty happy the people who
didn't get something for free didn't
have to participate they knew the odds
I mean people play the lottery and they
know the odds and maybe he gave them
hope maybe it allowed somebody else to
find them because it's not just things
that build us so if other people are
surfaced as having a problem other
people can notice we're part of the
process so I you know I I kind of get
intellectually the point you know you
don't want you don't want to make it a
rich people making poor people dance for
money he sort of thing but I don't think
anything like that's happened it's all
respectful his bills empathy for the
people is a hundred percent real you
know his his joy of giving the way the
money is completely real so let's take
the good and get rid of the bad thoughts
on that here's something that bothers me
a lot in the mind-reading so this is
sort of related I like to call out the
mental foibles on both sides so I can
retain credibility if all I ever did was
tell you how crazy the Democrats are if
all I ever did was say how crazy is the
left people on the Left are you would
not or you should not give me any
credibility if you see somebody who's
only talking about how one side is
defective they are advocates they're not
trying to teach you anything you're not
gonna learn anything from them and
they're not not credible so I make I
make a point of making sure that I've
I've got some jabs for both sides and
that everybody sees it so that you can
have more trust you know that that I'm
looking at both sides so here's one of
those the craziest thing I hear on the
right is the Socialists meaning the you
know Democrats who were the the leftist
of the left those Democrats that what
they really intend or in here I'm going
to read from a national tweet today
to achieve their ultimate goal is to
control the population through taxes and
regulations so it seems to be a popular
talking point on the right that the
people who I'm gonna block you
somebody's
they blocked Polti I'm just gonna block
you because if you can't find something
good about giving money away to people
who need it I don't want you in my life
so I blocked you for blocking him
alright
sorry way people say that social is the
ultimate goal of socialism is to control
all the people its control what evidence
do you have of that claim the most
common claim on the right is that the
socialist real secret plan is control
there's no evidence of that there's no
evidence of that I blocked the wrong
account well I had my finger on it so I
doubt that's true so here's my here's my
thing if you're listening to there are
maybe three shows in particular that are
very popular on Fox News the opinion
shows and not the news shows but three
of the more important opinion shows
maybe maybe more than three will tell
you every night that the socialist real
plan the real plan is to control you let
me let me say as clearly as I can nobody
has that plan there is no such thing as
a socialist in this country there are
plenty of socialists but there's no such
thing as a socialist who in their their
private thoughts is saying haha what I
really want is to control people
I want to control them nobody has that
thought and it's I mean actually nobody
you probably would not find even one
person who in their private honest
moment would say you know it's not
really even about the green new deal
it's just about I want to control people
nobody has that opinion not one F in
person none now you almost most things
you see in the news are at least a
little bit true
it's at least a little bit true this is
one of those rare ones where there's
just no truth to it and it's the most
it's the most dominant to belief on the
right and it's completely untrue now I
could be disproved by finding one
socialist in the whole world well in the
United States you only have to find me
one socialist who is sane and is saying
something like you know the real goal is
control somebody says you bumped your
head Scott block so the rule here is
that you can disagree all you like but
put your disagreement you know some
reform in your comment if you just say
I'm stupid in whatever clever words you
used to say that you just get blocked
because I don't want your negativity so
how many of you are just fighting mad
right now because you believe it's
obvious and you've heard it a million
times from people you trust that their
real goal of socialism is to control
people how many of you just said uh I
believe that you can admit it
somebody says not only is it true it's
almost universally true well that's a
that's a statement of fact
so whoever whoever made that statement
of fact that it's true and universally
true that the inner true goal the secret
goal of socialists is to control people
you just have to find me one person who
says that's what they want now is is
your belief that there are oh I don't
know 50 million people who have this
thought and none of them are talking
really do you think that's likely that
there are I don't know with 10 million
50 million people who will all have this
secret plan to control people and none
of them have leaked it seriously
so question that assumption or find at
least one person in the world who will
admit that they have that intention let
me tell you what intentions are far more
likely without being a mind reader if
somebody says I would like to address
climate change what is the most likely
reason that they want to do that the
most likely reason is they believe it's
a real problem now if you're talking
about the politicians the politicians of
course want to get in power but that's
true of every politician that's not true
of just socialists you know the the
people on the right also want power they
believe that the way to get there is the
same way everybody agrees to get there
everybody everybody knows the way to get
to power is to come up with plans that
the public likes by a majority so
everybody is playing the same game which
is they may be trying to get power for
themselves by doing things that the
public wants or they can convince the
public they want that's everybody but as
far as just the normal socialist the
last thing on the mind is controlling
other people they won't they might want
to pay off their student loan they might
want to have better health care but
there's no way in the world they just
want to control other people that's not
a goal nobody has that goal it's
complete magical thinking and you should
question that assumption all right let's
number one all policies are racist do
you believe that do you believe that all
major political policies are racist
because they are we don't talk about
them all being racist because it depends
on the context sometimes we notice
sometimes we don't what is the context
in which you would notice something
looked racist and it's just a policy
well the context is if a Republican is
in favor of it so if a Republican wants
to change your taxes a Democrat will say
well isn't that a coincidence that
that's going to be bad for brown people
that's racist if the president wants to
build a wall between us in another
country that happens to be on the south
the Democrats will say oh well
Republicans want to build a wall that's
racist so if a Republican says it
there's always a way to turn it into
racist but here's what Bernie Sanders
said the other day you probably most you
know this they was asked in the townhall
about climate change whether the United
States should help support other
countries who want to have abortions and
birth control and Bernie said he was
very in favor very in favor of helping
struggling countries with population
control he didn't I don't think he used
population control but he talked about
birth control and an abortion and making
sure that other countries couldn't have
that now what other countries is he
talking about he's not talking about
rich countries because rich countries
don't need our help
with birth control he's talking about
poor countries Bernie Sanders stood in
front of the world and said that he
wanted policies that produce fewer brown
people right he wanted a policy that
produced the least number of brown
people now he didn't say it that way and
because he's a Democrat we're not
calling it racist but if a Republican
ever came up with a plan that
unambiguously reduced the population of
brown people compared to white people
that would be the end of him
but here's the larger point so this is
not about Bernie so my point is not
about Bernie my point is that every
large policy is racist all the time
because nobody's ever nobody's ever
invented a policy that affected people
equally I don't think it could be done
we don't live in the world where people
respond to or have the same situation so
any big policy that affects everyone
will always be racist
I'll give this guy what he wants so
likewise let's take climate change
there's climate change racist well the
way the Republicans want to do climate
change they want to make sure that
employment at the low end is maximized
and that everybody can afford their
energy is very friendly for minorities
so the Republicans have a climate change
I would say lack of plan meaning that
they're not going to address it
aggressively and they're they're
pursuing nuclear which would lower
energy costs so the Republican view of
climate and energy is very Pro Brown
people if I can you know if I can
generalize let's say people of color
people of color so we don't limit it to
any particular shade of the of the
rainbow now the Democrats would like to
fight climate change fighting climate
change will be a big economic disruption
which will very disproportionately
affect people of color because of where
people are on the economic strata so why
are we not complaining that the
Democrats climate change policies are
racist because they are they're totally
they're 100% racist but not because
Republicans are racist it's because
every single policy is racist
all the big policies affect people
differently yeah Bernie Bernie's
actually promoted eugenics in different
words as somebody said in the comments
all right so just keep that in mind
there's no such thing as a policy that's
not racist if it affects a big
population I was kind of amazed at the
attention given to sharpie gate you know
sharpie gate the idea that President
Trump may have drawn a little extra line
on his weather map to prove the Alabama
really was threatened so I
I had been aggressively trying to not
pay attention to that story until it
became the only story anybody wanted to
talk about seemed like CNN was obsessed
with sharpie gate so I thought oh god I
guess I'm gonna need to look at whatever
this is all about because I didn't need
to look into the details to know it was
stupid
well I didn't need to look at the
details to know it it didn't matter I
knew that but now I find out so the
story is that president said that
Alabama might be affected by the
hurricane and then the officials said no
no Alabama was never really threatened
and then the president said yes it was
and then somehow a chart with a sharpie
line added to it was was produced that
may or may not have been drawn by the
President himself we don't know it
doesn't matter
first of all if Trump drew that with a
sharpie to to to cover up for the fact
that he said it and it was not backed up
by his his official weather people if
that's exactly what happened and he just
took out a sharpie and said I'll fix
this and he said I'll fix this I'll just
draw this line I mean look at it where
it is look can't you tell look at my
life now if that's what happened I can't
get mad at that because it's just
hilarious like it's it's just I kind of
hope that's exactly what happened now if
I had to guess my guess is that the
President himself did not draw that line
I could be wrong you know I wouldn't bet
my life on it it's totally possible that
you drew it oh I guess he didn't but you
know maybe but the funniest the funniest
explanation would be if he did because
you would love to be in that meeting
with him it's like hey president ruptor
they're telling you that you got it
wrong about Alabama what do you mean I
got it wrong about Alabama bring me that
map and bring me a Sharpie watch me fix
if that's what he did it was one of the
funniest things that the president's
ever done no matter what he was thinking
I'm not gonna go into his mind but in in
in outcome it was hilarious
now but how true was it I should you
worry that he said something that wasn't
true so I looked at the map from so CNN
was reporting the timeline of the story
who said what to show that he was that
he was lying or whatever and they showed
the original map and the the the circle
that was the official circle sort of
just touches the corner of Alabama so it
really doesn't show that it's going to
touch Alabama it's just like grazes the
corner in the in the outer likelihood he
grazes the corner now here's the thing
if the official weather map said that
this giant hurricane the official story
was that it was going to in the in the
wood case graze the edge of Alabama
would it be inaccurate to say that it
looks like this this storm could affect
Alabama which is what the president said
now you might say to yourself yes that's
inaccurate because look at the look at
the picture the picture says these outer
bands are sort of the worst case and and
Alabama's not in theirs right next to it
but it's not in there it's just touching
it on the outside so he's wrong right
well that would make sense if we didn't
just watch the forecast be off by a
hundred percent the actual path of the
hurricane bore no reality to the
forecast in those early days now how
good is hurricane predicting better than
it's been but it's not very good if the
president looked at a map that was
touching Alabama and he knew that the
the potential for these forecasts is let
me let me do this visually here was the
forecast the likely possibility of how
wrong it could be is this and that's
what hap
they said it's gonna be here where it
actually was was way over here and way
over there okay if you're listening this
instead of watching it it's way less
interesting so the president looks at a
forecast this grazing the edge of
Alabama and he knows that as we all do
that these forecasts are wildly non
predictive wildly non predictive that
it's not that where it ended up was not
really even that close to where it was
predicted except that Florida got
touched right so was the president
wildly wrong when he said it might
affect Alabama well maybe a little
hyperbole etc but he wasn't wrong at
that point the weather service and all
the officials were making official
predictions but the official predictions
were just complete but the the
the actual hurricane went a completely
different direction so do I care whether
the president took a sharpie and fixed
it
so he didn't have to apologize or
explain himself no I do not I do not
care about that it was funny and B I
probably didn't turn out the way he
wanted but then somebody says yes Trump
lied art can we stop saying that Trump
lied because the first 11,000 times you
said it you being collectively you the
first 11,000 times you said Trump lied
maybe a has an effect but is line number
11 thousand nine hundred and seventy two
is that the one that's going to take him
down all right so can we just just
dispense with the idea that politicians
tell the truth the only thing that Trump
has brought to the process is the
understanding that it didn't matter how
much he lied it just didn't make any
difference as long as you were
directionally here's the key as long as
you were directional
accurate was he directionally accurate
and saying that Alabama was threatened
by the hurricane absolutely yes he was
directionally you know ironically
directionally accurate that Alabama was
within the risk zone because we're not
that good at predicting hurricanes all
right now the other thing that we don't
know if if this had any effect on
Alabama is that Mary Ann Williams who's
also running for president suggested
that people pray to keep the storm away
now Alabama was very religious state so
you have to figure Alabama was praying a
little extra hard and sure enough the
hurricane missed them so proof of God
right there
all right the I told you this was going
to be a classic
I did not lie here's another thing I
told you in a different periscope how
there are some skeptics of of evolution
who say that the odds of proteins lining
up just right to produce life are so
small that it couldn't we couldn't have
gotten here without some kind of
designer whether it was a simulation or
God or something else and they do the
math and they say it's so wildly
unlikely that this planet could have had
just the right conditions that it had to
had to be designed now whether or not
you buy their argument about evolution
that's not the part I'm going to talk
about what I'm going to talk about is
the math and applying it to the question
of whether there is other life in this
universe and I think accidentally they
demonstrated that there's not now most
people would say hey there's you know so
many different planets in the universe
that this year's magnitude of the
universe guarantees that there's more
life just because of the size but
the the evolution skeptics by the way
some of those evolution skeptics were
not promoting creationism they were not
promoting in intelligent design they
were simply saying the existing
explanation doesn't work guess of the
math they were not saying therefore God
one of them was two of them were the one
the show I was watching they were just
doing the math and I think you could
apply that math to the question of
whether there is likely intelligent life
anywhere else in the universe my my
feeling and it's not wasn't based on
math is that there is not and here's why
if we are a simulation it's likely that
it's limited to a planet it would be
weird for the simulator to create life
on planets that will never will never
interact with you know if you but if you
built a video game with a simulated
world you would not also build another
simulated world that your simulated
world could interact with but doesn't it
sort of wouldn't make sense as a
programmer and so I've always thought
that it's unlikely there's other life on
Earth but if you take the math of the
evolution people and say the odds of it
happening even once in any universe is
so low that is basically impossible so
one of the odds that happened twice in
one universe well the odds of it
happening twice goes so low it's absurd
so I'm not sure if all the math works
somebody smarter than me would have to
get into that but I just put that
thought out there then if it was so
unlikely that our proteins lined up to
support life or actually that our our
DNA let's put it this way if the the
mutations in our DNA had to be so
specific and we're so unlikely to create
life and to create all this life we see
the odds of it happening twice in what
universe are infinitely small
I don't know if any of that made sense
I'll just put that out there all right
now we're all watching the Bahamas and
watching the Bahamas some of the islands
completely eliminated by the storms will
we see more storms eliminating entire
towns and cities yes no matter what we
do and whether or not climate change is
the problem we that many think it is
whether or not that is true we will
certainly see more hurricanes wiping out
more islands and more coastal places so
we're guaranteeing that that's going to
happen here's what I would like to throw
into the mix we really need to get good
at quickly rebuilding entire towns but
rebuilding them better than they were
and I think we could get there if we
made that an objective so there are a
lot of people working on you know quick
building constructions you know building
kits and 3d printed buildings and all
that so there's a lot happening but I
think it could go get a lot it could
move a lot further into building like
perfect planned cities from scratch now
it's probably harder to build to rebuild
where the once was the city because
people own the different labs and you
got to coordinate everything and the
roads are already where the roads are so
it's hard to change change once you're
going but I would like to introduce the
idea of building nuclear cities you
ready for this what are the big
objections with nuclear nobody wants to
live near it and where do you put the
waste right those those are the big
problems nobody wants to live near a
nuclear plant and where do you put the
waste so I would like to suggest
building entirely new cities and let me
go to the white board here in which I'll
just throw out an idea so again this is
sort of the the bad idea so the bad idea
is that you'll see if I can do this with
my finger oh it works you put a nuclear
plant a brand new nuclear plant where
there's nothing around it and then you
say this is going to be the
the beginning of a city and the first
sound around it you're this zone this is
free electricity so that zone would be
let's say the people who live within 5
miles of it if you live within 5 miles
of it your property is free literally
free and so you could build on and your
electricity will be free forever which
is very affordable because nuclear is so
so economical that they could do that
now let us say the people who are in the
next ring out let's say here so there
the next outer ring they don't get free
anything but everything is 50% off so
their land is 50% cheaper than it would
be and their electricity forever is 50%
off and then you say to people you don't
have to live here but if you did it
would be great now would that be another
situation where the poor people who are
accepting the free electricity in the
free land and the inexpensive housing
would this be another case where poor
people are taking it in the shorts well
it would be optional and you would want
to make this zone really built from
scratch to be escapable if if you had a
problem so let's say there was any kind
of nuclear event you wouldn't want to
make sure that the people near either
had I don't know either a safe place to
go to or an underground you know let
escape vault or at least very large
roads to get out of town very quickly so
for example if you were building a
nuclear city a nuclear plant in which
you were building around it homes and
businesses you would have one road
that's like a 15 Road highway for 10
miles so if anything goes wrong
everybody says oh crap they head to the
115 lane highway and in you're out in
minutes so you build it so you can
escape as quickly as possible no matter
how badly things go wrong because with
these nuclear meltdowns you still have
plenty of time I mean you've got hours
and hours to get out of town
but you don't want to get you know
locked up in traffic so you just build
the city so that you can't get locked up
in traffic what about the resale value
the resale value is irrelevant because
it's going to be minore better than when
you got it because remember you're going
into a place that never had anything it
didn't have any homes didn't have any
nuclear didn't have anything it's just a
blank field so the value of the property
in the beginning is low and then it
could increase over time now what about
storage and where do you where do you
build a plant well the best place to put
a plant is where you already have one so
you could Co locate one where there is
one for those places that don't have
them and I would imagine I'd have to
talk to an expert but I don't know why
they don't store the nuclear waste in
the same area as the nuclear plant
because it feels like that would be the
obvious place to do it right so you put
all your nuclear risk in one place where
all the nuclear experts are there may be
a good reason to separate them but I'm
pretty sure we can handle the nuclear
waste part now as many of you know the
generation for nuclear generators
actually could use the nuclear waste
from the generation 3 type reactors they
actually can use their waste as fuel so
if you co-located generation 4 right
next to a generation 3 the people who
live around it would still say we'd
still say well it's just more nuclear
and I'm glad you put a generation before
plant there because that will reduce our
risk from the waste because it just gets
eaten up as fuel now what what are the
other things that you would want to put
around a nuclear plant well if you're
building a city from scratch what about
putting your most robota sized plants
nearest the nuclear plant because robots
need a lot of electricity and here's
here's a great thing you can create a
great deal of Commerce with very few
people in the blossom so if your work I
shouldn't use that term
but if you're worried about being near
the nuclear plant put all your robots
there and have them working on building
I don't know yeah they could even be the
robots could be making solar panels the
robots could be building manufacturing
stuff so you could have more robots
there and that would increase you safety
if you were worried about it you could
put desalinization plants nearby because
they mostly need free energy and you buy
out-of-the-box idea is addiction imagine
you create a city that's far away from
everything and it's optional to go there
nobody has to go to the city but if you
do go to the city you don't get to leave
and come back without being a full body
search maybe a drug test so in other
words it would be for addicts a place to
go where drugs can't easily get in and
they can't easily leave it to go
anywhere but while they're there it's a
proper City
it's got proper jobs it's got highways
and places to live and they can have
families if they want
it's just that drugs can't get in and
can't get out so it's sort of an
addiction recovery city if you will the
some people might just need to live in
forever so those are sorts of things you
could do if you plan your city from
scratch so here's my prediction for the
future you will see new cities developed
which solve a lot of problems that we've
we've had up till now and they will
probably be built around nuclear plants
and people will get financial incentives
to be near the nuclear plant and those
incentives will decrease in radius
around it now suppose you said you know
with - well that's enough of that
yes it's ironic that the nucleus of the
city would literally be nuclear ooh you
mean you can just keep the drugs out why
did you say so well you can keep the
amount of you can keep them out better
so
I'm talking about a city that you
literally can't get in or out without
being fully searched so you wouldn't
want to leave often you know if you go
to that city and you're an addict don't
take a job where you have to fly
someplace right make sure that you're
settling down within the city yeah you'd
probably need a wall not probably you
would definitely need walls around the
city or some kind of security they would
be drug free like prisons yeah no
obviously there's no situation where you
can't get drugs in but you can certainly
limit it to the point where where it
becomes a minor problem instead of a
major one prisons find a way around it
but you could remember the the people
who would come to live in this place
would be doing it voluntarily so you're
you're only getting the people who
really want to stay off drugs and they
know that being physically away from
them is part of the benefit of recovery
or you know it's part of part of what
helps them recover now you wouldn't have
marijuana in a addiction recovery city
that would be a bad idea yes all these
ideas are testable it's all testable all
right that's all for now and I will talk
to you all later