oh hey everybody I hope you're singing
along and I hope you have your coffee
because today is the day where you're
finally on time you've got your beverage
and you're going to enjoy the
simultaneous sip with so many
like-minded people who are about to do
it right no oh that's good I love it
when you call me captain
hey Morgan hey ray hey based Diva and
glitter so let's talk about a few things
in the news North Korea behaving badly
or are they so there's a new report now
and The Washington Post
well that's credible it's in The
Washington Post
and they're referring to some
intelligence sources
well that's credible intelligence
sources intelligence sources always get
this sort of thing right and then if
those intelligence sources talk to the
Washington Post well that's twice as
true or is it well here we have a
problem because the intelligence
agencies are no longer credible I guess
I'm not sure they were ever credible but
at the moment they're either probably an
all-time low of credibility now does
that mean that North Korea is not
continuing to work on long-range
missiles no I would I would imagine they
are do you know I imagine they are
working on long-range missiles because
they haven't negotiated not to
who what kind of negotiator would go
into a negotiations and give away the
stuff they're negotiating that's not a
thing so yes of course they're
continuing business as usual because
they don't have a deal yet
now I saw I saw reports that I'm having
a little trouble believing or possibly
there's something we don't know about it
that would make it all make sense and
that is that North Korea is saying that
they're not going to go the you know the
the next step of actually doing more
physical things to stop their nuclear
and missile programs unless the United
the United States makes a bold step now
the bold step means some kind of a
concession but what they talked about in
the reporting is a bold step that would
primarily be declaring peace and
declaring an end to the war that's still
officially a war and and implementing
security guarantees so that North Korea
has a guarantee by the big powers that
nobody will attack and I'm thinking to
myself that's pretty doable there's a
little bit of a chicken and egg problem
you know do they have to do their thing
first or do we just say our thing first
but here's the thing wouldn't it be easy
to structure a deal this as you know
will give you will declare peace and
will say the war is over and will give
you security guarantees but the security
guarantees are contingent on you
actually getting rid of the missiles and
actually getting rid of the nukes and
that if you don't do that the security
guarantees are not valid so it seems to
me there's a path now that's the the
idiots version of what's going on
because what imagines that what the
people doing the work know is very
different from what we know could be a
completely different situation in
reality but in terms of the reporting
what we're seeing is that work continues
which is should
because they're negotiating they're not
giving stuff away and until they get
their deal I would imagine they keep the
pressure on by continuing to develop
yeah but the thing that they want
according to the reporting don't know if
this is true but the reporting is that
the thing they want sounds pretty doable
so that's all good news there's nothing
that looks like permanent stop let's
talk about Iran
so after President trumps all caps
warning to Iran there's a little bit of
a sort of a public dialogue going on not
a private one but President President
Trump has said that he would meet with
Iran's rouhani without conditions are
people happy with that
well of course people are saying no you
never meet with people without
conditions and I think rouhani is saying
I have my own conditions you must get
back in the agreement that you got
enough so that's not going to happen I
mean at least that condition won't
happen but it's interesting it's
interesting that the president has said
he talked to him now the word that I saw
from one of the Iranian officials or
maybe it was somebody reporting about it
I forget but they used the word
humiliation and the thinking is that
since the United States pulled out of
the deal thus putting it Iran in a
weakened situation that if Iran agreed
to just hey talk to him
that would be like talking to your bully
it would be sort of like a humiliation
for Iran and I thought to myself okay I
can see that yeah I mean that's a factor
but you know what kind of factor that is
psychology
you know I've I've told you that the
definition of the Golden Age is that
when we realize our biggest problems are
a cycle
logical and irad is probably the best
example of that if the only thing that's
keeping us from if the only thing that's
laughing at Hot Pockets I know exactly
what you're saying there if the only
thing that's keeping us from having a
talk whether ad is that they're feeling
humiliated that's a psychological
situation and I would have mentioned
that that is solvable I don't know
exactly what it would take to solve it
but probably explain hot pockets
I will hot pockets are a small food that
you put in a toaster and it makes a meal
but what's funny about it is it's part
of a famous comedy act by comedian Jim
Gaffigan I think he's on my mind I I got
to hang out with Jim Gaffigan for I
think we chatted for a couple hours or
something I watched his shower in Las
Vegas recently and got to talk to him
afterwards and so I think that might
have been on my mind
yeah I'd met I'd met him because we
worked together years ago on a project
let's talk about healthcare so I saw a
quote from Jamie Dimon who's one of the
three big people in this private
healthcare initiative with Bezos and
Buffett and Jamie Dimon and I guess the
idea is that those three companies are
going to try to create their own private
health care or low cost situations using
technology now they're a little vague
about what that means but it's the right
direction
but I like the fact that I like the fact
that
that technology is their focus because
it seems like those three companies
should be able to come up with something
they've got the money you know at least
Amazon it has the technology chops so
it'll be fascinating to see what they
come up with I somebody mentioned the 32
trillion dollar cost for Medicaid for
all or Medicare for all and you probably
heard me call out that that number was
BS because first of all it's a ten-year
number so if you multiply anything by
enough years it becomes a it becomes too
big a number so with these things should
always be expressed in in a one-year
number in my opinion it should be a
one-year number unless it's gonna be
changing a lot like going up fast or
going down slow and then it makes sense
to do it in ten years but we can't
really understand ten year estimates you
know give me a one-year number and then
put it in context with the budget and
I've got a little more chance of
understanding it but I have seen at
least one article which agreed with what
I said yesterday on periscope that hey
that number did not include the savings
of the people who would be buying their
own healthcare it didn't include maybe
the savings of efficiencies or whatever
maybe that wasn't there but the larger
point here is that there are there are
gigantic differences and in that how
people estimate this stuff because I
believe buried in that article about the
32 trillion extra it would cost here's
here's where you probably didn't see
they in that same article I believe is
said that compared to doing what we're
already doing which is nothing it would
be two trillion dollars cheaper now you
probably thought you just heard me wrong
so the same article that said it would
cost 32 trillion dollars to have health
care for all if you read if you
keep breathing down to the detail this
says that compared to doing nothing it
would be two trillion dollars cheaper
now you said to yourself wait a minute
that is literally the opposite look at
the problem here look at the problem the
same article said it would be thirty two
trillion dollars and you say well that's
impossible the same article said but it
would be two trillion dollars cheaper
than what we're doing now and then you
say to yourself oh well okay that
actually looks like a good deal but
you'd be wrong
you'd be wrong twice both of the things
I told you are completely misleading why
because if it looks like you're gonna
spend 32 trillion over ten years
and somebody's saying well if you don't
do anything it would be 34 trillion so
you're really saving two trillion
dollars no you're not because we don't
have 32 trillion dollars to spend over
10 years so nobody's gonna spend either
of those amounts right so the entire
analysis is two numbers there are
opposites
hey 32 trillion dollars we can't
possibly afford it we save two trillion
dollars so you say well you can see
anything you want in this article well
you can that's the problem but we don't
have 32 or 34 trillion dollars so we're
all we're only talking about
alternatives that can't happen so
comparing one thing that can't happen
and say it's less expensive than the
other thing that can't happen doesn't
mean you save money all right so you got
to be careful about saying to save money
but you also got to be careful saying it
it'll cost 32 trillion because that's
probably misleading too so my larger
point is that like climate science any
any imagination you have that we know
what the hell will happen and what it
will cost is absolute fantasy somebody
say this is so stupid it hurts I don't
know if you're talking about me or
someone else but if that was about me
get a kid you're gonna get blocked all
right so the first thing you need to
know about health care is that any
estimates of costs are probably
imaginary now that doesn't mean that we
can't tell that some things will be more
expensive than others we probably can
but the big the big changes if you're
looking let's say if you're looking at
10 years you know let's say I'm making a
10-year estimate of healthcare costs
does that include whatever Buffett Jamie
Dimon and Bezos come up with and ideally
share with the rest of the world it does
not because we don't know what they'll
come up with does it include the device
that I tweeted about yesterday that
takes you know blood tests down to
literally a device that goes on your
phone it doesn't include that none of
that's included there are no inclusions
of any kind of change in health care
costs
so all estimates about health care are
bunk all right let's talk about 3d guns
so there's the news is now that
apparently it will be legal to download
plans and print a 3d gun if you have a
3d printer and people say to themselves
my god this is dangerous because people
will have a bunch of illegal guns and I
say to myself will this really make any
difference to anything will it really
because here's my thinking how much
overlap is there between the people who
want to use a gun illegally and also
have a 3d printer is that a lot of
people do it do a lot of people have 3d
printers and they want to kill somebody
probably some but given that we live in
the country where getting a gun is just
about the easiest thing in the world
who's going to buy a 3d printer
when they need a gun feels like the
wrong way to do it
secondly if you want to stop people from
making 3d printed guns here's the way to
do it right now there must be one
there's probably at least one plan
online that tells you how to do a 3d gun
one way to stop it is to put more of
those plans online have you ever tried
to Google directions on how to do
something or you look at YouTube and
you're looking for directions what's the
biggest problem the problem is there are
too many directions and they're all
different and you're thinking oh my god
I can't tell is this the is this the
updated software or is this the one with
the bug is does this work with my 3d
printer is there or is that the other
version if I get this planned does it
work with the operating system I have on
my 3d printer or not wait why are there
50 versions of the plan of the gun if
all you do is let the plans or 3d plans
go exactly the same way as every other
online instruction from YouTube
instructions to anything you Google
about software trying to fix the
software bug and you you google it and
you find 1500 freaking descriptions of
how to how to fix it but they're all
completely different and at least one of
them is always erase all of your
software have you had this problem you
have some kind of a bug with your device
or computer and you go online to look
for the source and one of the solutions
every freaking time is erase everything
on your hard disk delete and start over
that's the only thing you can do it's
like it is one of the one of the 300
instructions so let me tell you if I'm
mad enough to want to kill somebody and
I need a gun the only thing that could
make me more mad is to try to print a
gun with a freaking 3d printer and try
to figure out which one of these stupid
gun gun instructions is the one that
actually works on my printer and then
make sure I've got the right kind of
plastic because
you know there's probably something like
yeah but you have to get a special
pellet for your plastic because it's a
harder plastic and then I saw did you
see the picture of the yeah somebody's I
had to be here did you see the picture
of the actual printed gun let me show
you
like I'm no design expert but let me
show you a picture of the gun it looked
like this it looked like a Kleenex box
with a handle now psychology is always a
big element of you know anything right
now if you're a badass gangster let's
say you're ms-13 and you that you're
thinking I'm gonna get me a gun and
you're ms-13 and you're like you're
hanging out with your homies and you
know they've all got their cool guns and
they're hanging out like yeah look at me
got my gun you say that's nothing and
you pull out your 3d plastic gun you're
gonna get laughed out of ms-13 just
saying if you go to prison for a crime
with a plastic gun that looks like this
you're not gonna get the respect of the
other prisoners this is not the gun you
want to commit a crime for and go to
jail you'll have to lie about your crime
people who use a plastic gun to create a
crime if they actually go to prison
they're gonna have to say that they're
actually child molesters just to stay
safe because you don't want to be that
guy
don't be the criminal with the plastic
gun that's all I'm saying now will there
be children who will try to download
plastic guns well probably but there are
children who get their their parents
guns children who get guns illegally
unfortunately they're just guns
everywhere so my thinking is these
plastic guns you know if you assume any
big change will cause somebody to die
then
yes but probably the size of the problem
is not nearly as big as people imagine
yeah you still have to get ammo and I'm
also thinking it seems to me that there
will be ways for you no I imagine there
will be ways to control that because
even though it's software there's there
probably will be online markets that are
the only places you get plans I don't
know how that 3d app stores work but you
know if there's something like an app
store for 3d printers it wouldn't be
that hard to you know restrict somehow
those plants or at least track who has
them or at least make sure you're an
adult or or or make sure that you'd go
through the same you know garden check
is anybody else yeah they're probably
ways to control it I wouldn't worry
about it let's talk about I'm going to
talk about my 48-hour rule again the
48-hour rule I'm going to keep putting
it out there and see if I can get it to
catch on is that if somebody says
something in public or is discovered to
have said something in the past on
Twitter let's say and it becomes public
at the moment more public they should
have 48 hours to clarify and the reason
for this is we don't want to live in a
world where people are judged by what we
imagine they are thinking remember that
you are not the sum of your thoughts
that's not who you are who you are is
what you do at least to the rest of the
world because we don't care about your
internal thoughts we care what you do if
you're thinking a bad thing but you're
giving your money to the poor what
you're thinking might be bad but what
you're doing is good who are you you're
the person who gave to the poor that's
who you are so if somebody says hey that
thing you said was provocative or
insulting or what did you really mean
and then the person who says says let me
clarify
it was not the bad thing I really meant
this or that I think the only thing that
should matter is what the person says
they think that our our guessing of what
they really think is only bad because
it's not a world you want to live in now
I'm not telling you that you're guessing
incorrectly sometimes you're guessing
correctly sometimes you are accurately
guessing what another person's thinking
but my rule that I'm suggesting is that
you don't want to live in the world
where we judge people and treat them
based on what we imagine they're
thinking because about a half the time
maybe 2/3 of the time we're going to be
wrong so you don't want a standard for
judging your your fellow citizens if if
that standard is gonna make you wrong
2/3 of the time and then it just causes
trouble so I say the only standard for
what somebody somebody's opinion is is
what they tell you it is period the only
standard for knowing what somebody
thinks is what they tell you they're
thinking but I would say if they can't
clarify within 48 hours
well then you've got a right to wonder
what they're thinking and maybe you know
put that judgment on them but take the
the rose an example now within 48 hours
she said oh crap I didn't even realize
that Valerie Jarrett was
african-american whether or not you
think that's true
society works best if you allow her that
clarification personally I think it's
totally true I'm you know your mileage
may vary but even if it were not true
this is the important part even if it is
not true you still have to give her the
chance to be the only author of what she
thinks even if it's not true
you have to treat them like what they
said is there their opinion is the thing
that matters not what they're thinking
you just can't have a world where we're
judging people will buy what we imagine
they're thinking you know that gets you
nowhere even if sometimes you're right
you don't you don't want that world all
right let's talk about something else
NFL kneeling the president has said that
the NFL rule is maybe even worse than
before so the old rule was they could
kneel if they wanted to on the field the
new rule is they can't kneel on the
field but they can stay in the locker
room during the national anthem and I
have to admit I think the president has
a point on that in terms of which is
worse because if you come out in the
field and you kneel uh-huh you are you
were making a protest which also looks
disrespectful to the flag and the
country in the eyes of many people I'm
Pro pro protest so I'm in favor of the
kneelers because I like a good protest
as long as nobody gets hurt and I think
those protests were effective because
we're talking about if we weren't
talking about him I'd say they weren't
effective but they're effective the
president said that stake in the locker
room is actually worse and I thought
about it and I thought yeah I can see
that because staying in the locker room
is simply disrespectful whereas kneeling
is an explicit protest and the weird
thing about America the weird thing
about America is you can love your
country but what it stands for in part
is the ability to protest so it's
actually weirdly respectful to protest
right in front of the flag because it's
also respecting the flag in a weird
going way right like you could because
you can't in another country you
couldn't disrespect the flag right in
front of the flag you know you would be
executed or whatever so part of what
makes America America is that you could
kneel in front of the flag right on TV
and protest it that's what makes it
great lesson you know so I
glad to see the president's point first
choice is just show respect to the flag
second choice is a respectful and I
think it is respectful protest in which
you're you're kneeling because the
kneeling is respectful in a sense right
it's not aggressive it's the opposite
that kind of gives respect for who the
country is it's a place where you can do
that third choice and then here's where
I'm agreeing with the president and the
worst choice is staying in the locker
room that's just disrespectful but it's
not a protest protest at least give some
respect to both sides you know so I
think the president's right about that
I'm not sure that's the biggest issue in
the world somebody says disagree I think
there's room to disagree on this one
that's a judgment call you know I I
wouldn't say you're wrong to disagree on
that that's just my opinion
save her from when you're not at work
yeah I agree
you know what I agree with the people
who say that work is work I agree that
the owners should be able to manage this
any way they want
yeah I agree to that all right
what else you got going on I think we've
covered all the the big stuff that's fun
thoughts on Venezuela I don't think
there's much to think about
on Venezuela it's it's just a sad
situation you know the the weird thing
about Venezuela is it becomes a sort of
a cautionary tale because it shows
what's the worst that can happen with a
dictator and socialism all that
man-of-war not too interested in mana
for it
what did q and on say about avenatti and
up on that I'll give you some updates on
Bill Polti and the blight Authority
soonish there are some interesting
developments that you're gonna like
will trump ever hit 50% approval maybe
but you know when it comes to Trump
approval numbers don't mean the same
thing so when you ask you know do you
approve of the president you sorta have
to ask about the details you sort of
have to ask do you approve of his work
on the economy do you approve of North
Korea I think you can almost get to a
reasonably believable number if you do
the details but if you say do you prove
that the president it ends up being
about his personality and then that's
not really any kind of a number that you
can compare to past numbers because in
the past I don't think I don't think
president you know Bush senior or junior
were being judged on their personalities
they're being judged on their jobs and
so you can't compare that to a president
Trump who was entirely being judged on
his personality not entirely but half of
the country avenatti ties to sa I don't
know what SA is but there happens to be
my initials and I have no tie to him how
to stop a Casio Cortez there are two
things that make me laugh every time so
when people talk about Alexandria
Octavia Cortes they always say two
things
they say she's not a Saudi Arabia okay
they say she's not as good as you think
Scott she's and she doesn't have those
master persuade her potential skills and
I say potential I don't think she's
there but she has the raw materials but
then I always point out why are we
talking about her why is everybody
talking about her the reason everyone is
talking about her that's what I'm
pointing out I'm pointing out that you
can't stop talking about her that's what
she has so every time you ask me
is she the real thing you've answered
your own
you're not asking that question about
anybody else who here is saying is you
know is Eric swallow well the real thing
is he the future
nobody's asking that question but about
her you're asking the question so yes
that is your proof if you've asked the
question and you're not allowed lots of
people are asking it that's sort of all
you need to know and then other people
are saying so those of you who think
she's an idiot keep in mind that that is
the popular opinion of this president
that we have now a half of the country
thinks he's actually stupid like
actually if he measured his IQ he would
just be an actual idiot half of the
country thinks that now you know that's
not true right at least the people of
this periscope are pretty sure that's
not true
but when you watch the people on your
team saying that Cortez is actually
literally stupid just check your bias
there check your bias because half the
team always thinks the other team is
stupid and they're pretty much always
wrong because the fact that she's
already reached this this level suggests
that she's got a lot of games hey dot a
purple somebody says but she really is
an idiot you can't tell I like the
people who are insisting that it's
obvious that she is you're seeing some
of the comments here there's no such
thing as what you're suggesting you're
seeing I'm telling you you can't tell
what you saw was that she she stumbled
in your opinion on some complicated
answers about how to pay for stuff I
watched those answers and while they
were halting meaning that it took her a
while to put her thoughts together
that's not gonna last you know the the
length of time it took her to explain
her answer I'm sure she looked at it
after the fact and said whoa that was a
long answer I'd
shorten that up make it a little crisper
maybe make it a little more visual that
stuff is gonna come now if it never
comes well that I'm wrong but if she
always gives that bad an answer to how
are you gonna pay for these things that
I would say well you have proven your
point she's not smart but if the next
few times you hear or talk it gets a
little better that's what you're looking
for and I would be I would be amazed if
it doesn't get better because it
wouldn't be hard for it to get a shorter
a crisper you know more more influential
they probably test this stuff too
no one would care if she were ugly I
think it's the younger I thought I would
disagree with that I think it's the
young and female part that's the
exciting part and the fact that she goes
full full socialist or somewhat I think
those are the exciting parts I don't
think it's I would not say it's the
attractiveness thing that's driving her
at this point so people keep asking me
who I think would be the strongest
Democratic challenger and I'm gonna say
this with no regard to policies all
right so forget policies because nobody
really cares about that when they when
they vote how do you beat Kamala Harris
for for somebody who's got sort of all
the big stuff taken care of she's got
the resume she's got you know she's a
woman and she's I think she's
african-american
i I'm the worst one to know who is what
but she's got something going on that
isn't a white male how do you beat that
because you can't I don't think the
Democrats can run a white male I just
don't think they would get enough
support on their own side
oh she's insane well we'll say I don't
think Kamala Harris could win against
Trump but she might be the strongest
candidate we'll see she has skeletons
they all do everybody's got some
skeletons I think the days of having a
president with no skeletons don't you
think that's just over because even if a
candidate does not have actual skeletons
by the time the by the time the abotu
adversaries are done with them the
persuasion game is so strong now that
everyone will look like a you know
murdering pedophile I think that's just
what the future looks like every every
candidate will look like they were a
serial killer before they get elected
has the news been more boring lately yes
do you know why does anybody know why
the news is boring lately there's a
reason actually it's called August
August for those of you don't know is
the slow news month it's the month where
both the I think Congress is out and at
the same time a lot of the news business
they take their vacations as well and
people are concentrated on getting back
to school and finishing up their summer
and stuff
so you should see less news in August
than any other news when September hits
look out you're gonna see some news yeah
so the president said some some things
about the Koch brothers not being
helpful to him and yeah that's fun to
watch I'm not sure has any great meaning
it probably helps I know it probably
helps the president if he puts some
pressure on the Koch brothers because
the Koch brothers are sort of at least
in terms of a brand they're they're sort
of like Soros is to the left
it's like Koch brothers on the right
Saros on the left you know there's
always a billionaire pulling the strings
so for a Trump to put some distance
between him and the Koch brothers brand
probably is the smartest thing he could
do because Trump already has locked in
88% of Republicans so he doesn't need to
persuade the Republicans anymore he if
he's changing his persuasion game to to
the other side what could be better than
saying the Koch brothers are not my
person imagine if you will
Kamala Harris or anybody else running
for as a Democrat
just hold this in your mind imagine one
of those Democrats running against the
president came out and said I want to be
very clear George Soros is not my guy
and I reject him and I don't think what
he's doing is helpful imaginet because
on the left nobody really cares about
Soros I don't think I think Soros is
like a non-brand irrelevant to the left
he gives money to different groups but
if you're not getting money from him I
don't think he's relevant I think Soros
is relevant on the right as sort of the
boogeyman that we think is driving
everything and then the left they think
the Koch brothers driving everything so
one of the strongest things you can do
once you've locked in your own base is
to reject the boogeyman boogeyman is
that that boogeyman on your side so very
smart for President Trump to reject the
Koch brothers because it might have some
influence on the left and that's who he
needs to influence next I did not read
that book that you just mentioned I am
currently reading Greg Gutfeld this book
the Gutfeld monologues and enjoying it
greatly
he has a description of Hillary Clinton
that's made me laugh for three days but
you're gonna have to read the book to
see that I'll tell you more about that
when I'm done into the book why is Q and
on so popular even though it is totally
bull somebody says well is it is it
totally bull so I would say that my take
on Q is that it's not real but it will
be very interesting someday we'll know
who is behind it and that that will be a
fascinating story I think it's really
interesting that we don't know how could
we go this far without knowing who Q is
that part is actually very interesting
so the question about who it really is
is really interesting but the the issue
of whether or not these are real
predictions have you ever seen anybody
line up the Q predictions with reality
because I only see when it happens to
look right and often when people say
look Q got it right and it'll be some
text and there will be the story of
something that happened and I'll look at
the text I'll look at the story and I'll
think no I don't see it it looks like
some generic thing and then there's a
story I don't really see the connection
but once people imagine that that there
is a connection they see it now somebody
says are you seriously talking about the
Q nonsense well I'm telling you that
there's nothing to it so I think that
agrees with you but it's very
entertaining and so I like that part
what you take on Ray Dalio
I have his book I haven't read it though
so I don't really have an opinion
all right I think we've said enough and
I'm gonna go do some work and I will
talk to you later