company everybody whatever you do do not
touch your face dude no I touch your
face don't touch your face
no gets off to throw that away now
great hey everybody
is there something missing yeah I think
there is I think there is
we are not properly swaddled I don't
know what's become of me really
oh that's better oh yeah so one of the
things about this coronavirus thing is
that it's allowing us to learn about
society it's allowing us to learn about
our cells and let me tell you what I
learned about myself tonight
I had always been under the impression
that I would probably be good at cooking
if I had enough time to concentrate on
it turns out that's not the case
nope doesn't matter how much time I have
cooking is not my special skill so
there's that you want to you're a sign
of desperation I was just watching Bill
Maher show and he was asking I think al
gore he was interviewing yes al gore
what he thought of this idea what if
Biden announced that he was gonna pick
Obama to be the coronaviruses are and I
thought to myself what and of course Al
Gore answered it the smart political way
by saying you know you should ask Obama
first before you before you get too
excited about it cuz he might not want
that job which I would imagine he didn't
but can you think of anything this
sounds more give up e than asking hey
would it be a good idea if Biden got
Obama to do the hard part of Biden's job
for him
that is really desperate sounding and at
this point I don't know if anybody is
even pretending that Biden is capable
it's funny I'd at least among these
smart Democrats and by well not just
Democrats I'm not sure what Bill Maher
is I don't I don't know if he did
identifies with the party or not but it
feels like all the smart people who do
identify with the left or I don't you
know noticing they don't have much of a
candidate so we'll see what happens
there
all right have you noticed that it's
getting harder to tell the difference
between people who just really love
their constitutional freedoms and
sociopaths because at the moment they
look the same the only difference is you
know whatever is internally happening in
their heads but if you're observing from
the outside let's say let's say you're
at the tail end of the baby boomer
generation just as an example say
somebody from that perspective was
looking at some of the younger folks and
seeing that the younger folks definitely
seem to value getting back to work more
than the life of some number of older
people now if you're just observing it
from the outside how could you tell the
difference between young people who are
just sociopaths
they couldn't care if you live or die
it's not their problem or people who
just put a really high value on freedom
when they look a lot alike you know
whatever I see people debating hey if
the government takes this freedom from
us yeah it might solve this problem in
the short run but
well we'll lose all our freedoms I'm not
sure if people know how many freedoms
we've given up you know over the course
of human history we've we've probably
given up more freedoms than you could
even list you know some of its trivial
you know you can't yell fire in a
crowded theater even though you have you
know you have afraid of a speech you
can't libel somebody even though you
have freedom of speech so we have lots
of limitations you know I I can't go
sleep in your house just because I want
to I mean we have tons of limitations so
they most of them have the same quality
which is the reason that I'm limited my
freedom is limited because if it's not
there's a good chance that would hurt
somebody else that's that's how laws
work most of the time so what's the
difference between every other law in
the world which is mostly about helping
other people you know helping the
greater good and you know whatever
draconian restrictions are being put on
people at the moment isn't there always
at the cost of freedom we act like we
act like something happened in the last
month or so that that changed the
direction of things from our our open
free privacy world and now is heading in
the wrong direction to which I say what
we're we're 99 miles down a hundred mile
road and we just want another half mile
I'm not even sure it will notice it so
we've been giving up you know rights and
and things for hundreds of years and so
far it's kind of worked out I don't know
can you think of anything there was a
right you gave up that's really made the
world a worse place that this stuck
around I don't know all right I've been
pressing people on Twitter to give me a
number of how many people they would be
willing to see died extra from the
coronavirus
in order to get back to work so as I
often say if you can't put a number on
it then you don't deserve to be in you
don't deserve to debate it
you know nobody should even have a
conversation with you if you can't fully
express your preference which is going
to work on this day ish and you know
take a risk of losing about this many
people ish if you could put it in those
terms that's a real opinion but if you
can only say well you should go back to
work or you can only say lives will be
lost
you're not really helping you're just
sort of taking up space so I asked
somebody today and I got this somebody
who leans conservative I don't know his
exact I'm not sure I know he would
describe himself but just based on
Twitter interactions somebody would be
conservative slash libertarian maybe I
don't know but his number was 250,000 so
here's a person who you know lives and
works among us who walks the streets
that you do shops and stores just like
you do and and he's okay with the
trade-off
yeah he's nobody's okay with people
dying but he would be okay with the
trade-off of a quarter million people
dying who would not necessarily die
otherwise at least most of them in order
to get back to work and I had mixed
reactions the first reaction I had was
that I always respect anybody who can
put a number on it you know there
wouldn't be my number I would want
actually that I think the number was
gross not net in this case when I do my
predictions I've expressed them both
ways when I expressed as gross I was
talking 50,000 when I expressed as net I
talk more like 5,000 I think those have
been my consistent predictions anyway
250,000 deaths just put a size of that
that is sort of in the Midway range
between all the people that the United
States lost in world
for one and all the soldiers we lost in
World War two so there's you know just
somebody on Twitter who may actually be
watching this right now
who thinks it would be and I'm not even
saying he's wrong by the way if it
sounds like if it sounds like you're
detecting my a criticism I would say I
don't think I can do that because you
know there is reason to believe people
will die both ways and there's reason to
believe that no one is smart enough to
measure exactly where the right balance
is so I would say he's on the sort of on
the the outside edge of something that
you know a normal human could suggest as
reasonable yeah it's further than I
would go but it's but it's world war
size and and he'd be willing to take
that risk that's not I don't know I
can't say it's wrong it's just I
wouldn't I wouldn't say that all right I
asked you four questions and I believe I
have some going to Twitter where my
question was asked and where is my
question now let's see what questions be
planful I'm looking at your comments
right here first - China - China said
this as a diversion now I don't think
anybody did it intentionally I don't
think we'll ever find out that to be
true all right so a question from skip
what is the you talents the stack needed
to be a great teacher and presenter as
you predict it will learn in future do
you believe those skills can be learned
and may be outlined the specific
persuasion skills needed well I think
that the future will be people who maybe
don't have the full talent stack but
it's a team of people just like
making a Hollywood movie where the
directors got these skills the the
actors have different skills and the
writers etc so I think it's gonna be
more like that but if you were trying to
do with one person of course it would be
being comfortable talking on camera that
would be number one so it really is
about being comfortable that's mostly
just practice you just have to do it a
lot you need to be able to put a thought
together need to be able to be able to
organize your thoughts so that you have
some content that's interesting and
ideally ideally you'd want to you know
look good or at least know how to be you
know fit and fashionable you know
whatever whatever is the best thing you
can do given given why you're working
with you should learn a little bit about
maybe even makeup and I'm talking about
online you know video makeup probably
you need to know lighting you need to
know whatever equipment you need you
need to know social media to promote it
so it's pretty deep tailed snake you
need all right Erica says would you
consider following are doing a youtube
cooking show and periscope it for us to
watch there you can surprise Kristina
when she comes back
well actually I'm going to do that joke
as you might Erica I actually plan to do
that
so I told some of you that I'm starting
to move some content I'll give I'll do
an announcement pretty soon but moving
some content over to the locals platform
that's Dave Reubens new platform where
there will be no censorship of the type
that I get typically on everywhere else
but I'm going to put some extra content
there so some fun stuff that is a little
off my normal stuff I'll put that there
because that's a subscription service so
people get extra Rory says do you holy
cow
oh that is spooky
so Rory asked me if I liked his art in
progress and you have to see this
because this is not to be believed
can you see that what does that look
like does they does it look like anybody
you know well I don't know what that's
made enough what the hell is that
apparently I've been cloned so all right
Rory Rory the sculptor clay I guess
that's pretty that's pretty impressive
well
Alisa says thanks for so many helpful
hints well you're welcome Michael says
isn't a system just a way to achieve a
goal no it isn't no it isn't it can be
so it would it would include that but
what is magic about a system is that it
allows you to be flexible enough to take
advantage of of opportunities that you
didn't even see so having a goal you set
your focus on something and you're
marching toward that specific thing
having a system can prepare you for lots
of different things and you might be
more opportunistic and say well I never
thought about this other thing but now
that it's there I have all the skills I
need I'm all practiced up accidentally
but I have these skills too so I'd be a
little like going to college and getting
say an English degree you could end up
with a variety of different jobs you
don't know exactly which specific one so
it's not like you my goal is to get a
job in that building over there you know
to be vice president of marketing rather
you get your college degree and then you
say well I could do a lot of things and
you start looking around and all your
possibilities so that's the big
difference
why do you many conservatives are so
afraid of losing something privacy
they don't already have well that's a
good question and it's it's sort of my
biggest question why would you be afraid
of losing something that you don't have
privacy because here's the way I look at
it if the government has a legitimate
reason to check on you
they can do it they just get a subpoena
to a FISA FISA application apparently it
doesn't take much to get those so the
government already can get all your
stuff do you see that every time
somebody is accused of a crime so you
don't have any privacy if the government
cares now what if the government doesn't
care well then you don't really have
privacy in the sense that if they
started caring they could go get it but
as long as they don't care it's like a
functional privacy because just nobody
cares but even if the government doesn't
care there are going to be developers
and programmers and people who have
access to databases administrators and
they have access
there's no way to design this planet so
that nobody has access to your private
stuff it just can't be done because if
it can be programmed it could be done
so yeah you live in a world where the
only thing that keeps you private is
people being uninterested at you that's
it as soon as people are interested for
legitimate reasons let's say they think
you should you committed a crime they
can find out anything they want now that
the government's assessment of this
threat has proven wildly wrong no it
hasn't
that didn't happen it is true the half
of the country thinks that the
government's assessment of this threat
has proven wildly wrong it just isn't
true here's why I'll give you the short
version models prediction models are not
meant to be photographs of the future
that's not possible
so having an accurate forecast model is
not even a thing you can't say that it
or did not do the thing that can't be
done nor was it designed to do that
the models are simply designed to give
you a rough size how big the problem
might be and maybe how sensitive is to
certain variables that's about it
now if they if they sent it was good we
could get it down to a hundred thousand
deaths with full mitigation but then
they changed it to sixty thousand is
that wrong not in my book in my book
that's as close as anybody could ever
get it was something this complicated
and with so many unknowns if if they
guessed a hundred thousand at the low
end with mitigation and we hit sixty I'm
sorry that's a home run that's it that's
a dart throwing thrown from the length
of a football field and hits the bull's
eye do you know why you think it's a
gigantic miss and the government was
wildly wrong because the news doesn't
that interpret things they told you that
you could look at it yourself and see
that the range was a million to a
hundred thousand and the hundred
thousand was at least after the first
initial confusion the hundred thousand
was always if he mitigate now the
difference from a million down to
hundred thousand is a really big distant
difference the difference further from a
hundred down to sixty is lost it around
it so for a given that prediction models
are not really made to predict they
can't nobody can see the future to get
that close even by luck would be
extraordinary the if nothing changed and
all all we knew is that they lowered it
down to 60 and let's say it was exactly
that yeah when it's all done it's sixty
thousand this would be hailed as one of
the most successful models of all time
because it doesn't get better than that
if you think it could be better than
that
then you don't even understand what the
models are for or why they do them or
what anybody's thinking you can't
interpret them at all that's as good as
you can do and if they worked to scare
people into action
then there were the best models of all
time so I reject your premise I can
answer the rest question Joe says how
would you feel about your SmartWatch or
your phone tracking your temperature
daily not only would I like that but I
would like an app that does the
following things I would like an app
they ask me these questions have I taken
my temperature it would be great if it
were you know paired with a little
temperature taking thing but let's say
you've got your own temperature taking
thing so every day it pops up it says
did you take your temperature okay take
your temperature and you put it in and
then it says do you stop your sense of
smell
and you say huh I hadn't really thought
about it I don't think I do and so
that's you know it's not confirmation
but it's one of the more frequent
symptoms if people lose their smell so
you go yeah I lost my sense of smell
maybe you say did you have any body
aches do you have any headaches whatever
the other symptoms are scratchy throat
etc so every day whether you had
symptoms or you did not you would at
least take your temperature and then you
had you would just say who you are now
here's the thing if enough if enough
people did this that even a small rise
in temperature along with maybe paired
with some people who said they lost
their smell you could probably tell that
maybe like an apartment building was
getting a becoming a hot spot I feel
like if you just reported it on your own
just how you feel and your temperature
I think you'd catch not all of it but
baby you know a corner of it it would
help I would think all right based on
diamond princess data emission says
without social distancing infection rate
would be 20% really data also shows with
social distancing infection rates is 15%
all right so much math I can't do
figured that one out so oh he's done the
math
says that if his math is right we we
spent a hundred and twenty eight million
dollars per death avoided well I hope
that's not true but here's the way you
in any case it's the wrong in the hello
sis
so if you buy insurance and then you
don't your house doesn't burn down you
buy fire insurance your house doesn't
burn down wasn't a mistake to buy
insurance was it if you pay for
insurance your whole life and your house
never burns down was it a mistake yeah
and the answer is no I mean if you had
if you had ESP and you can see the
future yeah but you can't so from the
perspective of when the decision is made
it's not it's not a mistake so the
number of people we did say if should
have been a million so what is to what
are we to spend two trillion to save a
million I'm gonna talk to my digital
assistant here in a moment and let me
ask so Alexa what is two trillion
divided by a million no Alexa what is
two trillion divided by 1 million
[Music]
there's two billion so it'd be two
billion two billion to four to avoid a
million deaths so it'd be two million
per person uh there's two billion per
person too much it's not too much
depends if you're a sociopath like yes
all right let's see what else you do you
think Bill Gates is a good guy using his
wealth to try to preserve and improve
lives worldwide or a monster of a man
trying to kill people off with yet
with yet to be sufficiently tested
vaccines Vicki Esther's question here's
what I think I think Bill Gates is
exactly what he says he is I'm not sure
he's capable of lying in that way
now I'm sure when he ran Microsoft you
know he may have exaggerated his sales
numbers and you know everybody been some
hyperbole in there and you know maybe
there's some shenanigans but in terms of
who he is I don't know if he's capable
of lying about that about his own basic
character and his goals for the world
the thing that always impressed me about
Bill Gates is that even when he was a
young man and he was already the richest
person in a country in the world or
something he was already the richest
person and he said that he was going to
retire early and dedicate his life to
intelligently giving it away
so not just giving it away but coming up
with a new intelligent way to do that
that became the Gates Foundation and of
course that's exactly what he's been
doing and I if you haven't watched the
gates documentary I don't know what it's
called
maybe it's called gates I don't know on
dellux where he talks about his mission
to develop a better toilet for Africa
that that works everywhere at cetera and
he is really taking on some thankless
tasks I mean Bill Gates has taken on all
the worst jobs the hardest most
thankless ones and my sense unless I'm
the worst judge of character in the
world he's a hundred percent real that's
my assessment and I don't think I would
give anybody a hundred well maybe I
would but there are many people that I
would say yeah my opinion I'm a hundred
percent sure that what you see is what
you get in terms of the Bill Gates that
he's actually just trying to make a
world a better place let me put it in
concrete terms if he thought that
pushing let's say a vaccine he has an
investment in could make him an extra
ten billion dollars but
doing something else would work better
for the for the public I don't have any
question I don't have any question they
would push for the one that works better
for the world because he doesn't really
mean another ten billion dollars he's
trying to give it away as fast as he can
he doesn't need another ten to have to
give away I mean I'm sure you would
appreciate it but so unless I'm the
worst judge of character in the world
Bill Gates is exactly as good as you
would think based on the fact that he's
dedicating his life to charity and doing
a good job all right do you think it is
more likely California's lower Kovach
cases because of herd immunity better
policy or warmer weather well I don't
know Nick but I think that's the big the
big question the the most obvious things
are you know density the weather might
have something to do it but I think its
density and Californians are notoriously
healthier Californians are lower weight
you know e better
more likely to exercise more likely to
spend time outdoors more likely to open
the windows I think we have at least
this winter our humanity has been pretty
good in terms of you know keeping down
viruses so a whole bunch of stuff but I
have another I have another hypothesis
well I don't think this is mine maybe I
heard somebody say this but haven't you
heard that there are two forms of the
corona virus I don't know if that's
confirmed yet but supposedly there's a
bad one and they nos a bad one it could
be if it's true that Europe infected New
York City and China affected infected
California I don't know if you can
believe that or not but preliminarily I
think you know the New York Times is
reporting that if that's true that also
opens the possibility that we got a weak
one and oh I wonder if that makes sense
somewhere along the lines I heard this
and I don't know if it's true that
things are the deadliest when they first
their first jump
so it's maximum deadliest when it were
the first jobs but but in subsequent
jumps they can get weaken and I wonder
if I'm just going to put this out here
as a hypothesis does a virus weaken if
it's given across ethnicities I wonder
so here's here's the hypothesis could it
be that the China the China version was
actually not that strong maybe it was a
relatively weak version maybe they had
both but the the weak one was the one
the worse the one that got around the
most so that would explain why China had
a relatively good result because it
could be that their their form of the
virus was more than weak one than the
strong one now imagine that that also
went to California which would amend
California also got the weak one but
what if the strong one got out and that
would went toward Europe so then the
Europeans would bring the strong one
over to and that that would explain
Italy right so you see the strong one
you know laying waste to Italy and then
it gets over to New York and lays waste
in New York so it could be I mean it
sort of fits the data that I can think
of maybe there's some facts in evidence
that I can't think of but it could be
two viruses coming in from two different
directions just maybe I would throw that
you know on the list with ten other
possibilities so dog is my co-pilot says
what's happening with you is a theater
or a true breakdown asking because I
like your work and I would like to know
you're okay do I look like I'm having a
breakdown
does anybody think my mental health is
at risk I don't think so I don't think
so
all right anyway
Melanie asks has anything made in China
ever lasted as long as this virus you
know it used to be the old days that you
know made in China meant low-quality and
obviously sometimes it still does but I
think it really depends you know your
iPhone was made in China too so it's not
like China only makes bad stuff that but
they do too much what do you think New
York City did so wrong compared to the
rest density mostly Israeli alternative
to lose privacy or death from the virus
well I I made a list downstairs and I
forgot to write it down of all of the
different things that are floating
around they could solve this thing so
there are a bunch of things that could
just by themselves be the solution for
example if hydroxychloroquine works and
we can get enough of it in a few weeks
maybe that's all you need I mean it's
possible did it just that one thing now
also if we get our if we ramped up our
ability to test and we get so good we
can just test the heck kind of things
well that's all you need yeah the test
they'll load would be enough then
there's the serum stuff where they give
you the recovered people's blood that
might be enough I mean that could be the
thing that gets us back to work
it could be I don't think masks by
themselves are enough but isn't it is it
Norway or Sweden who's basically just
saying be smarter to wear masks and go
back to work you know some version of
that there's a so there's several
different tests there there's the rim
rim dis affair that was tested and
there's some early indications that
might work but based on the story it
didn't look like it worked to me so that
it's one of those the headline didn't
match the story the headline says this
drug makes a lot of people get better
and then you read the body of it it's
like two-thirds of the people who took
the drugs you know got better
and I thought to myself two-thirds who
took the drugs got better
isn't that pretty close to what would
happen without the drug because they
didn't really have a control group and
I'm thinking even these were the the
more the ICU cases the worst ones but by
the time you get into the ICU don't you
have at least a 50% chance of getting
out don't you I don't know all right
what is it how many Bernie supporters do
you think will vote for Trump in
November well probably there will be
more staying home then there is voting
for Trump there'll be a little of both
everything depends on this summer it's
almost like nothing that's happened
between you know Trump's election and
now it's almost like none of it mattered
because I think the election will be
entirely decided on what happens over
the summer between in between now and
November what does Lexi says what does
hydroxychloroquine look like as a
prophylactic I believe we do not know I
don't think anybody believes it will
stop you from getting the infection I
believe that people do believe that if
you add it in your body already it might
you know make it sort of a non-problem
but you would still be infected I think
that's the current of thinking well
coronavirus have a second or a third
wave well at the moment we don't have a
plan to be done with it do you realize
that right that there nobody has
described a plan that even on paper
could work correct me if I'm wrong well
I don't think anybody said all right if
we do this and this and this we can get
back to work because it's always based
on the imaginary things right everything
I hear is all right once we're doing
widespread testing then we'll get back
to work on you know May whatever
and then I'll say can we do widespread
testing by then No
okay so that's not a plan if you can't
actually do the widespread testing
that's not the plan so at this point
since vaccines will take too long we're
not hearing anything about
hydroxychloroquine that feels new and
updated and we can't test and we we
don't have enough the serum stuff what's
our plan so at the moment nobody can
even scope out on a piece of paper all
right all right this makes sense you do
a and then you do B and then you do see
that doesn't even exist the only plan
that anybody has is that we all the 60%
or 70% of the country gets it we just
get a slower than then this summer
that's it the the plan is for like four
million to die well help me in the math
let's say let's say 70% of the country
is going to get it sooner or later
because it will happen before the first
vaccine is available so let's say 70% of
the country gets it but we spread it out
so the hospitals are okay because we got
spread out but how many people would it
be after you know a year and a half well
I don't know two percent of sixty
percent of 327 yeah that's a big number
that's a big number
so our current plan is for millions of
Americans to die did you know that did
you know that the current plan is for
millions of Americans to died not a
hundred thousand because the the hundred
thousand is if we can get it down to
that you know will will feel like we're
over the hump and we can be a baby we
can talk about going back to work but
what happens if you go back to work it
doesn't matter how intelligently you do
it it's the most viral virus of all time
so a little bit of going back to work
basically just infects that group of
people we pull back they infect them but
the current plan
it's heard you is a herd immunity over a
long period of time because there's no
vaccine that would get there in time
right yeah so somebody did the math
that's around 4 million people would die
so that's the current plan so for those
of you who were thinking this was
overrated we consider that the current
plan by default because we don't have
any other plan this for 4 million people
to die now what would change that would
be my choice of chloroquine works better
than anybody has said so far and we have
enough of it what could change that is
that we're ramping up I get did I see
the CDC or the FDA or something and
these are like 300 different companies
doing various types of testing so just
that the whole field is being flooded
with stuff so if they ramped up then
you'd have something to work with but at
the moment those things don't exist all
right which state will be the last to
completely open up yeah it might be New
York City that'd be a good guess well
part of the movie are we in are we near
the point where the hero finds it
impossible solution well I hope so
because as I said short of a surprising
pull a rabbit out of the Hat nobody has
a plan that doesn't involve 4 million
people dying just a little more slowly
than it could have been if it have been
faster so I think we're I think the
third act is probably June 1st ish you
know that's what it will look the
darkest things will look the worst
around the beginning of June so that
should be the third act why have
American citizens so freely giving up
their rights fear Ben says can you
adjust this flaw in your model of
framing well I don't know what the rest
of this sentence is holding for me but
apparently Ben
thinks there's some flaws in my framing
and he says in order for a model to
persuade it must be perceived as
credible true accurate and trustworthy
to the public true without that
prerequisite it cannot be a persuasion
tool where's the flaw in my model you
just been you just stated what i
believed i don't see the flaw all right
so i think you're making it or you
should make a distinction between what
is true and what people believe to be
true that's probably the problem here
j-rok tiger says i will never submit why
have you because I'm not as frightened
little that's why here's why I'm
not afraid of losing my privacy because
I'm not I'm not afraid that the
government will go too far because I
think the people are still more powerful
than the government if that changed if
the government became more powerful than
the people I would be worried about
temporarily giving them some rights that
maybe I couldn't give back later but as
long as the people are more powerful
than the government and it's not even
close
really it's not even close I'm not too
worried that if they borrow some of our
rights to solve a problem that we won't
get them back if we care now I do think
it's very likely that we won't care that
much we'll just get used to it saying
yeah
what you did with our tracking location
why it would just keep that on we might
need it later I think people just get
used to giving up their privacy say em
and to j-roc Tigers I would say why have
you given up so much of your freedom
yeah you can't carry a machine gun down
the you know down the street you can't
buy a hand grenade there's just hundreds
and hundreds of things that you can't do
and how did you give it up so willingly
well it's always the same answer the
stuff you don't care about it's no big
deal
why have you stopped doing a robot in
Dilbert yeah you know I tried that
character and he was fun for a while
I'll bring him back actually just you
reminding me to bring the robot
character back it's probably enough so
yeah he'll be back this week and last
week all the comics that I'm writing for
May and June have of Dilbert and that's
my dog dream they all have the
characters wearing masks and it's saving
me a lot of time because the hardest
thing to draw with Dilbert characters is
the noses because you kind of get the
nose just right it's just too prominent
yeah you just got to get it right but
now because all the characters have face
masks you know my work is it's a 20
percent easier this week all right what
is your opinion of Amazon banning the
hoaxed documentary so I've been kind of
watching the tweets on that and I'm not
sure I know the full story but so Mike
sort of which is incredible movie hoaxed
which I've talked about in far as
honestly one of the most enjoyable
pieces of content that I've watched in a
long time in a long time it's really
good and I'm in it but that's not why
it's good
but anyway so and yeah I don't know why
it took so long to get it on Amazon
there might have been some problem
originally because it's very
controversial talk about fake news etc
and and Mike is controversial himself
but there's nothing in the documentary
that crosses any line
yeah you can be provocative and
controversial but he's not even close to
crossing a line I mean I've seen it and
there's nothing in there that I would
think is even a little bit suspect I
don't know what it would be so Amazon
obviously according to tweets I saw did
not offer a reason and said we don't
have to offer you a reason they just
took it
often and they they took it back from
the people who had actually bought it
digitally so now they can take it back
from people who are already born it so I
would say that that's I don't know how
else to interpret it based on what I
know except for a grotesque and obscene
censorship by a private company that's
so big and it's operating as a monopoly
basically and it's one of the worst
things I've ever seen really
I mean it's so bad now here's the
interesting part
Amazon just made an enemy of Mike sort
of hitch and and I have to admit that
while my first choice would be that you
know Mike makes a fortune on his
excellent movie so that's my first
choice but if that's not going to happen
at least through Amazon watching Mike
rip them apart from now until the end of
time it's gonna be pretty good I have
some I have some mixed emotions because
when this when the stock market crashed
I I put every every penny I had in cash
I put it into Amazon stock because I
didn't think I'd ever see it that low
again so you know financially have a you
know it's not a big percentage of my
investments but but it's a big enough
number it would influence me if I cared
about that but what watching Mike sort
of edge figure out where the the soft
underbelly of Amazon is you can see I'm
already working on it his tweets are
suggesting he's already putting his
attack plan together and I don't think
they know what's coming for them because
they may be under the impression they
use a a random gadfly on the internet
and if they haven't if they haven't
researched and well enough so there's
nothing about it they're just funny
because they don't see what's coming
like that's that's the funny part
they're probably thinking well how I
think they're thinking how much harm
could he do
I think they gotta find out it's gonna
be hilarious anyway it has to watch for
that so and by community to help let us
know so am I going to dressed like the
Easter Bunny for tomorrow morning
probably not probably that alright
anyway that's all for me I'll talk to
you in the morning and see that