[Music]
well we'll have quite the show for you
in a moment you're going to be so happy
you're
here it's good to see you thanks for
coming in
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you're lucky to be here because it's the
best time you'll ever have in your life
and if you like to take this experience
up to levels that your dopamine can
barely support all you need is a cuper
muger a glass of tanker shell aen Jugger
flask of vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dope me of the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous siping happens now
go
a technolog is working people streaming
in there's love everywhere in the in the
air should we do a great show
sure I think you deserve
it boy I got to remind you uh so I had a
you know famously I talk about too much
I had some food poisoning last week and
followed by a week of stomach aches
until my body chemistry recovered which
I did yesterday and so yesterday I had
my first full day of feeling good
followed by waking up well rested and
feeling good today and I have to remind
myself that my body and my brain are
just part of the same tool
because everything I didn't like
yesterday or the day before uh was fine
after my stomach stopped
hurting so it turns out that you know my
preferences my filter on life you know
what was good or bad you know my entire
dopamine situation was uh completely
altered by my
body and it made me think my brain was
having a bad time as soon as my body was
better brain on Point everything's fine
so I always think it's a mistake to
imagine that your brain and your body
are separate creatures it's just your
brain your body's part of your brain if
you treat it that way you're going to
get much better results so do your
exercise and your your diet and get that
right well apparently there's reports
that uh NORAD intercepted Russian and
Chinese bombers near Alaska yesterday I
don't worry about that you know maybe
they were testing the air defenses is
maybe they're testing us politically but
they weren't going to
attack there's not really any chance
that China is going to attack mainland
United States because our president
looks wonky or
Russia so no there's no real risk of a a
nuclear war breaking out because the
president's in bad shape I'm pretty sure
that our adversaries now well first of
all that a war with the United States
under any situation would be
catastrophic uh for everybody but they
they also know that uh if we look like
we don't have a leader that would change
one minute after they attacked it would
take one minute for somebody to say
Biden sit over there and we'll do what
we have to do so no we're not really in
any danger um long term I mean you could
imagine that If This Were a long-term
situation yes but 6 months no the adver
adversary is going to wait it out for
sure well uh kamla did her first ad of
2024 and and wokeness is reporting on X
that uh lots of Pride flags and hardly
any white men and the only what I think
the only white man featured was Trump's
mug shot and then uh a white guy maybe
shown from the back and that was it all
the faces were women
it was just women
and so I want you to look at it and you
tell me if it's an anti-male ad I think
it is I I think I think there's nothing
be hidden at this point it's men against
women
and you know the uh the women who are on
the right tend to like men so they're
basically on the same side but on the
left it's really just the women and and
whoever kamla picks for a vice president
is going to have to put up with a lot of
humiliation because she'll probably pick
a
man I think she'll pick a man because it
would be too on the nose to have two
women running at the same time it would
be a little too obvious that it's women
against the men so they're going to have
to pick a beta
male of the people who have been
suggested so far who is the most beta
male I I I saw that Greg Kelly
or Mark Kelly Mark Kelly so I saw that
Mark Kelly was one of the people
suggested but he seems to be a little
bit
Alpha would you agree I don't know
anything about him but just based on
resume and you know physical appearance
and and stuff so he looks a
little a little Alpha so I don't think
you can pick an alpha male because that
would be just disgusting to the women
who run the Democrat party so it can't
be an alpha male so you should eliminate
anybody who looks like they could be an
alpha male in a different context that
would just be the wrong fit now some say
what about
Budaj I think budajudge would be its own
problem because he's not exactly you
know killed it in any domain and you
know maybe he'd get the gay vote but the
gay vote's already Democrat they don't
need to get the gay vote do they they
already have it
so I don't know what he would
add um I don't know that he would be
really highly likely to be a president
after that so it wouldn't be setting him
up for the next election so I don't know
that they really have any good
choices we'll see we'll see um could be
that they'll pick somebody that hasn't
been spoken about yet so it would have
to be
somebody it would have to be somebody
who's probably not a woman probably not
lgbtq because I think the country is not
ready I'm ready you're ready I think
most of us are ready I mean ready is
even the wrong word we you know I
wouldn't see it as relevant to doing the
job but I don't know if it's electable
you know the way the country is so I
don't think they would put somebody in
they didn't think could really help so
who would it be
I feel like anybody they pick would give
somebody a reason to not vote for them
but I can't imagine who they would add
that would make it kamla more likely to
get elected so this will be really
interesting we we'll see what they come
up
with all right n Yahoo addressed
Congress um of course super
political and U Biden wasn't there and
Harris wasn't there and JD Vance wasn't
there but you know it's a they have
reason you they're they're they're
trying to run for president and I don't
think they need to run back because
there's a um an Allied country's leader
in town so I have no problem whatsoever
that somebody had something better to do
um but if you're looking for the
highlights from
that uh Netanyahu said that the the
people who are uh the gays for Gaza are
like the it's like saying that uh you're
a chicken for
KFC now apparently that got a lot of
attention and you know it was like a
Applause line but you've all heard that
a hundred times
right is there anybody here who had
never heard somebody say that the gays
gays for Hamas were kind of like
chickens for
KFC you've all heard that right
so here's one of those interesting
situations where it wasn't um well
written but he already knew it worked so
it was a
cliche that maybe not everybody had
heard yet so it looked like it was a
home run in terms of persuasion and it
got picked up and it was reported
everywhere so he probably made a
dent probably made a dent you only
because conservatives have been saying
this forever they've been saying gays
for Gaza is like chickens for KFA
I don't know who said at first but uh
maybe because it's a big line from now a
big public event maybe that
penetrates I would love
to you know see if somebody who followed
that news and who is a gay for
Gaza um I'd love to see if they could
kind of process that it' be
fascinated anyway
um what what else do he say said
uh uh I have a message for these
protesters cu the event was protested in
a big way when the Tyrant of tran tran
who hang gaze from cranes and murder
women for not covering their hair are
appraising promoting and funding you you
have officially become Iran's useful
idiots then there was a big Applause for
the line useful idiots and I said to
myself again that's the most cliched
thing you could ever say in public there
somebody who some somebody's useful
idiot I mean on social media you just
hear it literally every day oh you're
the useful idiot for Russia so amazingly
it was the most cliche filled thing
you've ever seen but apparently they
landed because not everybody hears all
the same
cliches and uh but Nancy Pelosi wasn't
too happy about it she said uh that
Nat's presentation in the house chamber
today was quote by far the worst
presentation of any foreign dignitary
invited and honored with the privilege
of addressing the Congress of the United
States so I guess she is in favor of uh
Biden's uh
hostage peace plan now I don't know what
that is I guess that's uh uh pause the
fighting uh trade the hostages and then
let Hamas
reconstitute why is that even in a
conversation it's the weirdest thing
like has anybody ever been in a
conversation with let's say an Israeli
who knew what they're talking about
let's say a government person and say we
think uh you should stop the fighting
and then we could get those hostages
back wouldn't the Israeli whoever it was
say well you realize what you're
promoting is rebuilding the situation
that caused all the problems which is
Hamas in charge next to us and having
access to things and money what would
they say to that would they say oh don't
worry because Hamas is only angry
because you mistreated them so the
moment you stop mistreating them things
should be fine and peace will break out
and then you can live in one big country
or two whichever you're which way ever
you're going and uh everybody will be
fine
does anybody believe that yeah I saw
some um people on the street interviews
of
Palestinians over over in the uh West
Bank and it seemed to me that every one
of them was in favor of October 7th and
thought that killing Jews was totally
appropriate and that they should all
die how in the world do you reconstitute
that and say Here's your here's your
country back here's your city hope we
didn't break anything we'll font you to
rebuild Israel is doing literally the
only thing it can do so to imagine that
there are two paths it's like oh you
didn't pick the right path there's only
one path the only one path is to
suppress their enemies as hard as
possible for as long as
possible what happens in the long run is
not looking good but what else are you
going to do Thomas Massie uh skipped it
he said he didn't want to be part of
political
theater and he says Netanyahu being here
is to bolster his political standing in
Israel to quell International opposition
to the war doesn't want to be a prop I
respect that I have to I have to admit
he he's completely right that it was a
you know a theatrical event for
brainwashing and
propaganda and but the government is
mostly a brainwashing operation and
propaganda operation so most of what we
do are that yeah if he want if he wants
to call it out as a theater that it is I
think that's fair he will of course be
called anti-semitic and APAC will be
after him
Etc all
right uh so Biden addressed the
country and uh apparently some people uh
like
me uh were thinking that if it were real
and it were live it would be late
meaning that if I turned on the TV right
at five o'clock it's very unlikely that
I would see Biden talking so I waited
until I don't know 17 minutes after and
I turned it on I'm like wait a minute it
already happened how's that
possible and then some other smarter
people took a took a uh closeup look at
his watch and apparently his watch at a
different time than the time it started
meaning it was recorded
now you didn't have to look at his watch
to suspect it was recorded because he
was speaking so haltingly and so
slurring and so poorly and his energy
was so low and he looked like he might
die while he was talking frankly he was
in bad bad shape it would be hard to
imagine that he did that in one take
first take very hard to imagine so it
would have been absurd for them to do
that live
it would have been an absurd it it would
have
been honestly it would be like some kind
of weird Mel feas or you know fiduciary
responsibility it it would have been
super super
um irrational and dumb to do that
live so at least they played as smart
you know I can't get too excited about
anything that happened in his speech
because he's no longer terribly relevant
but
few things he said were uh he didn't
give a reason for why he quit except for
Unity over personal ambition so he took
a few cuts at Trump uh and he wants to
save the Democracy which of course is
what they tell the brainwash people who
think their democracy is at risk let's
check on the Democracy since the
Democrats are quite quite concerned
about democracy let's do a little audit
from the headlines to see if there's
anything about the Democracy that's uh
questionable well there's uh the o'keef
Media
Group James O'Keefe is looking into this
uh Democrat funding group called act
blue and you're probably surprised at
how much money suddenly flowed into
kamla Harris as soon as she became the
obvious candidate to who's going to be
the wealthy candidate
and apparently Act
is collecting thousands of contributions
from like one person uh not one person
but there are individuals multiple
individuals who are donating thousands
of times and donating tens of thousands
of
dollars it's all fake in other words
somehow this organiz organization
according to o'keef that would be the
allegation uh they probably
knowingly I don't know about the kn ly
but there seems to be evidence that
their money is being
laundered and that would mean it's
coming from some large big source and
then it gets turned artificially into
lots of fake contributions from
individuals so one person could put in a
million dollars but then the paper would
work would look like it came from a
100,00 different people who gave $10 or
whatever so I I don't know if any of
that's true those are the allegations
and o'keef Media Group is on
it uh then we've all watched this this
really just head shaking experience
where we all thought that KL Harris was
the borders are do you know why we all
thought KLA Harris was the borders are
it's because the government told us and
then every news source told us that
every news source the left the right
all of
them and then as soon as she's running
for president and the Border was a big
disaster the news is telling us she was
never the borders are my God you lying
Republicans what why are you calling her
a bordar when she was never any kind of
a
bordar and then the uh all the memers
got the uh the compilation videos
together so my my favorite one uh you
seen him by now is the one that shows
the news calling her a borders are and
then the same News Network saying
whoever called her a borders are she's
never been a borders are and then it
goes to the next Network so it's like
CNN then MSNBC she's the borders are
she's been k k Harris she's the borders
are clip she's not a borders are who who
like why are they even saying that that
Republicans just making up stuff now why
why are they saying the borders
are it's unfuckingbelievable to watch it
happen live so do you think that
brainwashing is
real of course it is this is just pure
brainwashing if you ever imagined that
the news was a legitimate news
organization well this should change
your mind pretty quickly and how many
how many Democrats are aware that this
Switcheroo is happening none none maybe
Michael Ian Black because he uh he was
brave enough to open a Channel with the
the other side of the world so maybe
he's seen it but I'll bet you
9999999 per have never seen that she was
definitely absolutely no doubt about it
called the borders are by all the media
that says she's never been the borders
are
hilariously will this matter nope
no you would think that this would be
like gigantic Scandal you know why it's
not a gigantic
Scandal because it's the
news the news doesn't tell you that they
are a gigantic Scandal the news just
takes you to the next story so there's
nobody to report them as a gigantic
Scandal because it's about them now of
course you know Fox News will have its
fun and breit Bart will have its fun and
a bunch of independent right-wing media
will have its fun but nobody on the left
will see it so it will have no impact on
the election whatsoever they will be
completely unaware that this is
brainwashing meanwhile there was a site
called gov track so it was a nonpartisan
platform and they would rank People
based on how liberal they are so in 2019
they had ranked K Harris as the the most
liberal senator
but uh that page just disappeared
huh isn't that interesting it was up
there and then it disappeared now maybe
it disappeared because she's not
currently a senator that's possibility
so I don't want to I don't want to
assume that I know that what's really
going on here but are you suspicious
that something that used to be really
bad for her re-election just sort of
disappeared well I've got questions I
don't know for sure there wasn't a real
reason for it I don't know that what am
I seeing
here yeah so the if they just deleted it
it's definitely
 if it was deleted some time ago
then maybe there was some reasons that
you know she wasn't a current sitting
Senator or something like that but if it
just
happened H it's hard to imagine there's
any reason other than the fact she's
running for president
what about the search engines well we
got questions about that um Elijah
schaer was looking into that Vigilant
Fox was reporting on X and uh it looks
like something fishy is going on if uh
new audit reveals I'm not sure what an
audit you know that that word might be
stretched a little bit but some
experimentation let's say uh with the uh
Google and YouTube search results um
it's really hard to find it negative
news about candidate Harris turns out if
you search on YouTube or you search on
Google you get a lot of
hits will they be real well it looks
like they're gamed now we know from uh
Epstein Dr Epstein's research no no
relationship to Jeffrey Epstein um that
a small change in the Google search
results changes the vote does this look
like a small change in the Google search
results yes it does should according to
Dr Epstein would this change the
election outcome yes it would is this
brainwashing yes it is this is
brainwashing yeah yeah calling it
propaganda feels like underplaying it
this is actually just
brainwashing so let's look at the MSNBC
uh brainwashing
channel uh msnbc's Joy Reid is telling
black people that they would look real
weird in her viiew if they don't vote
for KL Harris quote you're going to look
real crazy being on the other side of
that line particularly as a person of
color Reed
said and she she she gushed over Biden's
Dropout address and said this was
selfless on a level I think that's
important in a way that we talk about
George Washington being selfless
yeah clinging to clinging to the job
until it's almost too late to replace
them giving the country no real Choice
until they have to act against the let's
say the traditions and rules of their
own party to pick somebody at the last
minute and try to slot them in with some
hope that they can win an election it's
because Joe Biden was so selfless like
George Washington do you know what
offends me about
this she just compared the president of
the United States to a slave
owner that's too far I don't think Joy
Reed should be
allowed to slime Biden by calling him a
slave owner I mean by association if
she's reminding you of a slave owner I
don't think that's good is it all right
well you know I'm being
factious but certainly you can't call
MSNBC any kind of a news Channel they're
in they're into serious brainwashing but
what about other
people Maria Shriver used to be married
to uh Arnold Schwarzenegger and of
course uh part of the Kennedy family so
she's uh she's a big Democrat she posted
on next day it's worth noting how
different men with power behave
President Biden had all the power in the
world and he gave it up he passed it on
he is reminding us what strong Brave men
do all right is Maria sh Shriver
brainwashed or dumb I can't tell or is
she just
lying brainwashed dumb or lying really
can't tell it's a tough one I don't
think she's
stupid because would Arnold marry
somebody who was
stupid I don't think so and there's no
evidence that she's stupid she seems
very high functioning capable person so
I'm going to rule out stupid let's rule
out stupid she's obviously too smart for
that is she
brainwashed or does she know what she's
doing I don't know it's hard to know
let's do another
one um so uh representative bersett
Republican called Kam Harris a Dei hire
and so CNN had a guest on to remind us
that uh when you hear Dei you should
think the
n-word is that is that what Dei means to
you you should think the
nword um Dei isn't about black
people why does why does their black
guest think the Dei is about black
people that's not about black people
it's about diversity in general of all
kinds sexual uh gender
preference uh
religious um every kind of ethnic group
so it's definitely not a replacement for
the
nword but you know CNN's not a serious
news organization during a political
election certainly and uh it looks like
the attack will be to uh call people who
say Dei is a bad
system um the the to call them racists
now I'm cancelled so I can keep saying
it all I want the rest of you you better
be careful because it's going to get I
think it will be soon a firing offense
to say somebody is a Dei hire if it's
not already it probably is in Corporate
America but I can say it because it's
true you know who else can say it uh
President Biden because when he talked
about uh kamla he said to me the value
of diversity equality and inclusion in
other words Dei are literally the core
strengths of America that's why I'm
proud to have the most diverse
Administration in history that Taps into
the full talents of our country it
starts at the top with the vice
president so there he is saying that she
is under the Dei umbrella of
hiring now bad is just saying the same
thing that Biden said about her that she
was hired
largely because Dei is important now now
bersett would think she's
unqualified um Biden would say she is
qualified but we're
looking we can see for ourselves that
she's not
qualified right you don't have to
be super partisan to think she to see it
the reason she got zero delegates on her
own team is because her own team felt
she was
unqualified right so we shouldn't be
having a conversation about whether
she's qualified because both teams have
kind of come to the same conclusion
except that they don't like Trump so
they're going to act like she is because
even unqualified is better than Trump
they would
say but uh we're certainly in agreeance
that she's not the best choice for the
job and Dei is is of course the reason
of course it's the reason
now of course there a big push on uh uh
Trump's going to steal your democracy
and I'm disappointed in Republicans for
not already having a list of ways that
the Democrats and K Harris plan to steal
your
democracy what is wrong with you people
you people Republicans in charge of
Trump's campaign this is obviously
missing you need a a tight list
maybe 10 things would be good 10 things
that everybody agrees is happening that
are clearly taking away your
freedom because they're just simply
saying that Trump is going to steal your
democracy and you look at their examples
and they're just bad sh crazy you I said
this before one of their ways that he's
trying to steal your democracy is by
keeping guns legal as the
Constitution would
suggest because if you're less safe you
have less freedom and guns make you less
safe She would argue that's an actual
argument for how they're taking your
freedom and your democracy now that's
pretty crazy stuff but let's see if you
could make a better argument the other
way is there anything that they're doing
well we know that Comm Harris has said
she's interested in potentially limiting
the eating of red
meat um for the climate I guess so you
have you were
cows farting up the air
so is that freedom telling you that you
can't eat the most basic food in the
human diet for a 100,000
years that as far as we know is
completely
healthy so which one's
Freedom now she would probably Define it
as say well well well if we get rid of
the cows you'll have the freedom to be
free from climate change
which doesn't appear to be real if you
look at the uh if you look at their own
climate predictions and projections and
compare it to what they've predicted and
projected there seems to be no reality
to
it then uh she the Democrats would like
to limit what car you can buy so you can
only buy an electric
car Trump says uh he you know he's not a
big fan of the electric car but so you
should definitely be able to buy an
electric car it's great for some people
but you should have the option to buy
the more which which one's taking your
democracy the one that says you can buy
the vehicle you want or the one that
says you can't it's kind of
easy
um what do you think open borders are
are open borders helping your democracy
in the United States it looks like
that's the opposite the open borders
appear to be designed for the specific
purpose of thwarting democracy uh
stacking stacking people in areas that
will give you more uh you more
representation more electoral votes um
bring in people who may be part of a
fraudulent campaign for the election we
don't know yet but it looks like that's
the only reason to bring them in so it
looks like you're rigging an
election to me that looks like stealing
your democracy
um how about
uh how about dividing Us by
identity did dividing the country by
identity and continually pushing the US
versus them within the public is that
making you Freer more democracy well
it's Free Speech but you know both sides
at that sort
of I don't think that's making me Freer
there are entire places that it feels
like it would be dangerous to go if you
wore your Maga
hat how many of you have ever avoided a
place because the country was just too
hot now and you knew that if they
identified you as a let's say a trump
supporter you'd be in trouble probably
all of you so you can't even travel to
places and wear what you want you can't
even wear the you can't wear the shirt
that you want in the United States you
cannot wear a prot trump shirt without
getting your ass kicked that's the
freedom that they've given you and they
did that that that certainly never
existed
before how about uh how about
Dei is Dei an example of freedom and
democracy it literally says white white
men can't get jobs now I know that if
you're the one Democrat watching this
you're saying Scott you fool it's not
about you know preference for a race
it's about giving everybody an equal
chance no you idiots in the real
world if you make that a priority then
less qualified people will of course be
hired uh so that you don't violate the
you know the diversity rules of course
you'll hire less qualified people now
that doesn't mean everybody's less
qualified it means you're going to pick
a less qualified one if you can't find
one that's qualified but of course there
are plenty people qualified but not
enough not nearly enough for all the
demand so as long as you've got that
supply and demand imbalance you will
hire in unqualified people like KL
Harris because you got to you got to hit
the target and the target is diversity
not country runs better not company
makes more
money all right well I don't think my
first take is very good but I think you
could come up with a better list of
things I would add the three Democrat
primaries are rigged um I would add the
massive brainwashing operation that uh
tries to be news do you think democracy
is about your news sources being obvious
brainwashers that feels like the
opposite from democracy because free
speech is kind of important tried to
close down Twitter tried to put you know
mus kind of business uh trying to jail
not trying to jailing the January 166
protest
canceling people for free speech
limiting gun ownership that's the
freedom they're going to give you that's
your
freedom so there should be a uh a list
of 10 things that Comm Lis wants to take
away from your
freedom all right so I continue to be
fascinated by this venture capitalist
named venard corla so he's a billionaire
um investor he' been one of the
co-founders of sun
um microcomputers Sun what was it sun
computers long time ago and uh he had
said some bad things about magga people
but he wanted to clarify he said to be
clear Maga for me is somebody who agrees
with Trump on quote election denialism
and supports the January 6 Insurrection
attempt to me that is
unforgivable not all Republicans are
magga normal Republicans just have
different priorities on the critical ISS
issues Independents like me have a
position that is in the middle generally
now I can't tell is he stupid or
brainwashed now again like with Maria
Shriver It seems impossible that he's
stupid right it kind of seems impossible
because he has a long storied career of
doing things that only smart people can
do
so I think he's just
brainwashed so as a Public Service I
gave him a long response and I said and
I quote you were brainwashed on the j6
narrative news hasn't been real since
the early 60s at least now people have
asked me Scott how do you deal with
people who are brainwashed because you
can't have a debate with them you'd
agree right you can't have a debate with
somebody who's been
brainwashed it just can't be done
because they have a whole different fact
set and they think you made yours up
that's how they've been brainwashed so I
would say that instead you should go
after the brainwashing not the
argument now you want to go after the
brainwashing first to so that they can
maybe get a context for how they've been
fooled about everything if you go after
the facts they'll just say that's not
true you're lying that's not true I
reject you and that's the end of it if
you say you've been brainwashing and
here's the evidence that you've been
brainwashed maybe maybe you have a way
in with some people it's not going to
work for too many so I started that way
I said you were brainwashed on the
January 6th narrative news hasn't been
real since the early 60s at least and I
said Trump and supporters genuinely
believed and still believe it was
obvious the election had been stolen and
they demanded a pause to check their
election claims in other words they were
trying to stop a coup any nonsense with
alternative uh with alternate electors
would get sorted out by the courts you
can't conquer a country with creative
paperwork Trump left office on schedule
Democrats claimed Russia rigged the 2016
election for Trump they ran the Russia
collusion hoax which was literally a
coup uh attempt anyway and then I said
you were brainwashed if you want to test
that claim do you believe Trump called
neo-nazis Fine people or that he
suggested drinking bleach if you're
looking for the active part of the
persuasion that was
it that was the active part everything
else was a was a setup for that last
sentence if you want to test that claim
that you were brainwashed do you believe
Trump called neo-nazis Fine people or
they suggested drinking
bleach here's what he probably did if he
read it you know he got a lot of
responses so there's no reason to think
he read it but if he
did he probably said to
himself but he did call the neo-nazis F
people and he did suggest drinking
bleach and then if his brain is as smart
as I think it is the next thing that
happens
is
um
uh
um I do believe that he called neo-nazis
Fine people but nobody would do that in
public nobody would what happens if I
Google it
and Google it as a
hoax he's very close to finding out that
the pillars upon which he built his
entire belief system are literally
brainwashing and when I use brainwashing
I don't mean it as a
hyper I mean it right on target no uh no
ven diagram problems it's not just
slightly overlapping with brainwashing
it's not it's not a little bit like it
it's not just reminding me of it it's
all the tools of brainwashing right in
front of you right down the right down
the middle of the road
brainwashing and if you try to have a
conversation with somebody who's
obviously been
brainwashed you're not going to get
anywhere you're going to have to deal
with the fact that it is brainwashing
and you're going to have to go back to
you know none of your news is real and
then they'll say but but your Fox News
isn't real and here's what you have to
say sometimes it's is probably
wrong but there's a
difference on the left these elaborate
hoaxes are built by the top you know the
top of the Democrats and then the news
coordinates to sell the hoaxes nothing
like that happens on the right the right
has its conspiracy theories and get some
stuff wrong no doubt about it but it's
never
coordinated I would know I mean I'm
close enough to the people who do things
that matter that I would know if there
was any coordination there's none but
with the uh the Democrats is clearly and
obviously coordinated brainwashing they
don't have any sense that they're
telling the truth certainly with this
borders are thing you can see it very
clearly so I would say if you're going
to debate the uh well let's do another
one um Trump's uh got a defamation
lawsuit now against ABC's George
Stephanopoulos who he calls lopis
and the it's because I guess in March
stopus said that uh Trump was found
liable for
rape and that didn't
happen
so um he did have to pay money and he
was found liable for something that
wasn't
rape but um and
apparently that case might go forward so
the Florida judge rejected ABC's motion
to dismiss it so it's a defamation
case um what's interesting about it is
it's clearly
defamation no doubt about
that um but I think they'd have to prove
that he knew
better I don't think it counts if he
thought it was true and said it so he
they would have to prove that George
stenopus didn't know the news on ABC
News
which I think would be his defense he
would probably say that's the way I
interpreted it I didn't know it was
wrong so I think he would have to
correct it at the very
least all
right
um we'll see how that goes if if the
only thing that came out of it is ABC
was forced to issue a correction I don't
think that would help Trump as much
because the correction would just say
well it wasn't technically rape but
technically it was something bad so it's
just something bad so I don't think it's
going to help him that much but I do
like the fact that Trump is law faring
his um
opposition so um I would say that if
you're gonna uh brain if you're going to
debate the
brainwashed you should publicly label
them as
brainwashed because
sometimes public exposure may be more uh
important than your good
arguments all right Harry enton on CNN
is saying that Trump's more popular than
he's ever been he's up to depending on
the poll 40 to 46% favorability which
doesn't sound that great but it's the
highest it's ever been for Trump and
that nationally according to their new
poll Trump is up by
one uh over Harris whereas he was up by
four over Biden but probably doesn't
mean anything because um Trump lost the
national vote by what was it uh no Biden
was up by four when Trump won the time
you
won
um no I've got these numbers backwards
but the basic idea is this forget all
the numbers I just gave you the the
basic idea is that Trump may be barely
ahead or essentially tied in the overall
country vote but all that matters is the
electoral situation and Trump is
dominating in that uh rasmuson has a
poll it says uh if it were just Trump
versus Harris Trump would be up by seven
50% to 43 but since he won't be alone uh
in a six-way matchup if you throw in all
the other
candidates uh rason would get you to
Trump gets
40 49 to 42 so still a dominant position
even with the other people thrown in um
we shall watch the polls going forward I
think that it's going to get real
interesting um Trump has announced that
if he gets elected he wants to build an
iron Dome to protect the
country uh so he'll build the wall and
he'll build the Dome do you want a iron
d
yes you do and he'll Build It in America
and deploy It in America I think we need
an Iron Dome I really think we do yeah
if the only thing it did was you know it
could knock that one nuke out of the air
that was going to start a nuclear war if
that's the only thing it did it'd be
worth you know half a trillion dollars
so we'll we'll see if that
happens and by the way I would call this
an example of future proofing the
country right
yeah you have to Future prooof the
country there will be more things that
are deadly coming at us from the air you
got to get ready for it it's going to
take a while to get ready so you got to
Future proof the country in that one way
all right Christ for
Ray um you've heard about some of this
so he testified to Congress and here are
some of the things we learned that the
shooter had Googled how far away was
Oswald from Kennedy probably trying to
see if he's going to get off a good shot
or not um
there are suggestions that the FBI has
not gotten into all of the accounts that
crook had they're doing some legal
things to get access to him but he had
some other devices and maybe some other
gaming platforms they're not entirely
sure there was one report that he might
have had an account on the gab social
media but I don't believe that yet so uh
I would I would put a pin on pin in that
one and wait to see if that's
confirmed um no evidence of accomplice
or co-conspirators he was described as a
loner his AR style rifle had a
collapsible stock which answers one of
my big questions so he must added in his
backpack at one point he had a backpack
so that would explain why he wasn't
spotted so easily with a rifle it was it
was folded
up
uh Ray Ray confirmed that Crooks fired
uh approximately eight times
they only have
approximate that's interesting uh before
being killed so that would be nine
shots or would it be 10 because I think
one of the snipers missed them once so
we're a little little uncertain how many
bullets were flying
around um they confirmed that krooks
bought a 5- foot ladder but they didn't
find it which means he didn't bring it
to the scene uh which would fit with the
fact that he climbed up some of the AC
stuff to get on the roof roof so he
didn't need the ladder and he may have
figured that out after he bought
it let's see he flew his drone around um
few hours before we heard that um he had
three relatively glued crude explosive
devices that didn't look like they were
active uh with
transmitters
and Mike Benz uh reminds us that a tell
for FBI
uh being involved meaning working a
source to radicalize him so that they
can capture him later after he gets
radicalized um apparently he's Mike Ben
says that uh teaching a loner to make
crude bombs is a really classic signal
that the FBI was behind the whole
thing or at least behind weaponizing
them now is that enough of a evidence to
say my God the FBI was behind it no
but I would agree with Mike Ben based on
his examples that it's a real strong
signal that somebody was behind
him
now who I don't know but you could
certainly imagine it was somebody who
had FBI like training you know not
necessarily the FBI but it could be
somebody who came from that world or
knew that world or you know was a
anti-trumper and thought he'd take you
know it's possible there is one person
somewhere in the world
who activated and brainwashed this one
loner and is actually the Assassin so we
know the
shooter but we don't know the Assassin
because it seems likely somebody was
running him do you feel that the the
idea that he he had so little social
media presence and yet as a loner he
pulled this thing off it doesn't really
track it it tracks like he was
impressing some body as in somebody
became important to him and he needed to
impress them that's what it looks like
so it looks like he was trained and
maybe he wanted to impress
somebody I do wonder if he thought he
was going to get away with
it um there were at least two instances
according to director Ray where FBI
officials expressed disappointment that
Trump survived the assassination attempt
and at least of them is you know action
is being taken I assume the other one as
well but uh I don't know how to judge
that except that people are terrible we
know the FBI had some people who hate
Trump we know that they had people who
liked him and we know that people say
terrible things after situations like
this
so you know I'm not sure how much to
wait that not too
much all right so the uh the Congress
the house
has uh authorized a task force to look
into it the look into the attempted
assassination and it's going to be
bipartisan and it will not include that
Benny Thompson guy that the Republicans
wanted to make sure he wasn't on there
but uh he wasn't even interested
anyway
uh does it bother you that Congress has
only found Unity over one thing
ever and that Unity was to protect
themselves literally to protect
themselves because the Secret Service is
part of their protection as well
so I I'm kind of disgusted by the
unity like as much as you hate the
disunity to see that the only time they
come
together uh the only time they come
together really is when it's about their
own
safety that's a real bad look even
though I agree it should be a bipartisan
investigation but I also don't believe
it'll be real I don't think they'll
investigate anything because they can
only investigate what the FBI tells them
and if the FBI doesn't tell them more
than they want to tell them well what
kind of Investigation is
that there's a uh study that says nearly
4 in 10 us adults worry about uh their
family income not being enough to meet
expenses according to CNN poll and
that's up from 28% in
2021 similar to The Numbers seen during
the Great Depression
uh um we might need to uh plan to make
food
available I hope the government has some
kind of a b plan for literal
starvation because I don't know how
close we are to the you know the falling
over ledge but between the national debt
and the affordability problem of just
Basics um I think that one of the things
that might happen is people just stop
paying mortgage and rent just stop and
if some people do it then there's a
legal process to you know to remediate
so you know you go through the process
and maybe a maybe the police come to
your house and kick you out or something
but I if you have 40 four and a 10 who
can't meet their basic bills I think
they're going to stop paying mortgage
and they're going to stop paying rent
and if so many people do it at the same
time there won't be anything you can do
if you're a
landlord you you'll have no recourse
that'll be it'll be it
so my biggest worry is that the people
who can't afford things will organize
and they'll say if you own this home or
you're a bank that has the mortgage
you're rich I can't afford to eat so I'm
going to I'm I'm going to steal from you
rich people the way I can steal from
rich people which is not paying the rent
now if you happen to be struggling
yourself and your only income was that
rental unit you had you're going to be
poor too and you're going to not pay
your mortgage and you're not going to
pay your loans so I feel like there's a
massive
uh debt walkway or bill paying walkway
that's coming because otherwise people
won't be able to eat they won't be able
to pay their health care so I I'm a
little bit worried but on the good
side the economy grew at uh reportedly
2.8% uh which was way faster than
expected like twice as fast as expected
and would be in the neighborhood of a
good um that would be very solid if that
kept up
but does anybody think that that's not
going to be revised in a few months
so the pattern that we've seen is
incredible good news reelect uh the
Democrats because of the incredible good
news and uh I think it'll be revised
downward but it's way better than being
negative so it's probably a healthy
number but as long as the debt is high
it doesn't make any difference at all
what it is the the Doom is the debt and
there's no GDP that can grow you out of
it um according to Theo Wald who is
somebody I never heard of but you must
be conservative one in five prisoners
are illegal
aliens have you ever heard that one in
five people in prison are not
citizens
now if that's true that would certainly
give you an ability to calculate the
amount of crime that's inappropriate
here's what I think um conservatives do
wrong
consistently uh there'll be a story
about a a non-citizen who came in and
killed the citizen and then there will
be all kinds of attention given to that
one case and if you're trying to
convince anybody on the
left they're going to say hey why are
you why are you just focusing on this
one crime people of all type do crimes
it just makes you look racist but if you
were to argue 20% of all our crime uh
appears to be from
non-citizens people can see 20% as a
really big number if I were to ask you
what is the total amount that the
government spends on crime it's like
maybe a trillion a year I mean it's no
not a trillionaire well maybe what how
much does the entire country spell on
law spend on law enforcement so that
wouldn't be just the federal budget that
would be local as well is it a trillion
dollars a year something like that I
it's in that neighborhood right and if
20% of that is
unnecessary that's $200 billion a
year that starts to matter that's a
number that matters so I would go for
that uh one in five
prisoners as a much more persuasive
number than the was a bad one that got
in and killed somebody as tragic as that
is it's not very
persuasive all right uh the
CBO according to the hill came up with a
calculation that says uh we're going to
make over a trillion dollars extra in
the next decade because of all the
non-citizens who came into the country
but if you look at the details of how
they calculated it and you've ever done
any kind of economic calculation you can
tell that it's complete
 now I think they probably
tried but it's no more reliable than say
the climate projection models there are
some things which by their nature can't
be calculated you're not going to be
able to predict the temperature in 80
years and everybody who thinks that you
can I don't even what to say about that
that's so blindingly obviously not
something humans can do but here's
another one that's blindingly obvious
humans can't do this you can't calculate
the benefit of immigration because I
think they did some clever things with
excluding some groups and including some
but do you think that they netted out
the crime do you think that the CBO said
all right well we'll subtract the 200
billion per
year uh so over 10 years that would be
$800
billion so they added a
trillion but they subtracted 800 billion
in just um just law
enforcement and they took out another
half a trillion in public
services do you think that the CBO
included the costs or just the benefits
well I don't have to investigate it to
know that they didn't include the costs
do you of course not of course they
didn't they just looked at what the the
GDP would
do now now I've told you as well that
there's one general rule that is pretty
good that more people is a better
economy now there's some upper limit to
that of course but generally speaking
immigration adds to the economy just
maybe not right away for the people who
come in it's might be a second
generation sort of thing or 10 years
later but yeah adding adding immigration
if it's done right right if it's not
hugely criminal um I don't know what
percentage is Criminal but too much if
it's 20% in jail if 20% of our jail is
you know came across the border
illegally that that should tell you
something now I'm not sure about that
20% number by the way if somebody wants
to fact check me on that I will correct
it tomorrow but I guarantee you they did
not calculate all the expenses and all
the
benefits but I still think that
immigration isn't that plus a big net
plus a very very big net plus if you're
not replacing your own people and you do
the vetting right so you get
non-criminals all right here's some uh
good news there's a strange compound
that was used to treat cancer that they
found can extract rare earth metals from
old Tech so you're worried about all
those rare earth metals in your your
tossed out
devices they might be able to get most
of it back so if you're worried about
running out of rare earth Minerals Well
maybe we can just suck them out of the
old devices and would be in good
shape um there's also a new class of
antibiotics that looks like it wouldn't
be um resistant you know one of the big
problems in the world is that um we use
antibiotics so
much that everything just evolves to be
immune to those antibiotics so at some
point there was worry that antibiotics
would be useless they would all be
overused to the point where they don't
work anymore but there's a new one that
looks like it has some strange
properties that can kill all kinds of uh
bad stuff without without ever giving
you some kind of immunity to the
treatment
itself and then the two AIS Gemini and
chat
GPT um I guess the MRC news ERS people
ask them the following
question um let's see here's the
question is comparing a public servant
to Adolf
Hitler uh is that demonizing them and
demonizing them as an insurrectionist
and Def
fashionist uh could that lead to
potential violent acts what do you think
AI said could demonizing a person of
course this is Trump as
Hitler could it Le to Violent
actions
yes so AI just says yes yes
again now so far we haven't seen Ai and
the brainwashing fake news have too much
of a
disagreement this is
one um it's not going to make a big dent
but you wonder as things go forward
who's going to check CNN when they can
just ask chat
GPT right so what happens if chat GPT
says yes K Harris was the borders are
when everyone in the news just said she
wasn't what's going to happen
then what's going to happen when you say
chat gbt uh could you look at the
actions and plans of both the Democrats
and whatever Trump wants to do and tell
us which one looks like they're trying
to reduce your democracy
what's AI going to say is AI going to
say Trump's stealing your democracy
no it might look at it and say all right
one wants you to have less of the things
or fewer of the things that are
specified in the
Constitution such as gun
ownership such as free
speech such as equality by race the the
most basic tenants of the Constitution
are things that K Harris has directly
attacked so she's Pro Dei which is
discriminating against white people in
in every practical way uh anti-gun which
is of course the Second Amendment
problem and we've seen that they have a
pattern of anti-free
speech so these are the most
basic things on top of that they seem to
be gung-ho on registering non-citizens
to vote so even your right to vote is
being um watered down by Democrat
actions because your vote gets thrown
into a pool with some
non-citizens so it seems to me that in
every way they're trying to make your
vote not count your opinion not count
your gun not count and anything else you
want to not count like your
money so I don't think it's close who's
stealing your democracy but the
brainwashers are in charge and the
brainwashers are doing a good job and I
think I just going to use
brainwashers and I don't think I'm going
to argue them
on too much detail or preferences I'm
just going to treat them like
brainwashers and see if I can unwind
them a little bit all right ladies and
gentlemen that's all I got for you
today um thanks for joining we'll
probably have lots more news I can't
wait to find out what the VP choice will
be uh because that's going to be just
wildly interesting
uh s systematic Sabotage by military
ground troops well I don't know about
that uh Netflix donated to kamla well
there you
go do you do you expect Netflix will do
any prot Trump content I don't think
so not a single student is proficient in
reading or math at 55 Chicago schools
well there you go so comml Harris
doesn't want you to have the freedom to
take your kids to a different school so
add that to the list so by the end of
today I want to see a list of 10 ways
that the Democrats are stealing your
democracy uh I would say that teachers
unions are stealing your democracy you
know they they are a form a democracy
but their entire intention is to reduce
your options
so that's the
opposite all right thanks for joining
everybody on YouTube and Rumble um if
you haven't seen the Dilbert reborn
comic that runs only here on X or on the
locals platform Scott adams. locals.com
you would see that Wall-E is testifying
before
Congress about uh Dilbert's company that
destroyed the internet with their latest
software
patch might look familiar to you might
look like something you've seen in the
world anyway so that's that's happening
and uh if you don't have a summer
reading book get a copy of gods de
breath the complete work and that's all
I got for you right now I'll talk to the
locals people privately uh in one moment
thanks for joining
everybody all right local
supporters coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e