pay it on this side will you will you
bear with me I've got a new lighting
scheme going on bear with me
don't go anywhere hey I'm back did you
miss me
well I guess I have to work on that a
little bit but trying some new lighting
schemes I know why you're here you're
here for the simultaneous it you're here
for coffee with Scott Adams and what
luck I'm Scott Adams and you're here
everything that you wanted has come true
and more but if you'd like to enjoy the
simultaneous it yeah it doesn't take
much all you need is a cup or a marker
glass a tanker cello sir Stein a canteen
juggler flask of a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
me some coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine to
the day the thing that makes everything
better
simultaneous lip go
that's where to start the day tiger
juice so seems like we've got some more
Iran stuff to talk about so he says your
face looks good well that's the first
time I've ever heard that I assume you
mean the lighting is good which would be
reasonably true so let's talk about a
whole bunch of different angles on the
Iran assala money
death and see if we get any smarter
number one the biggest question of all
is whether a killing Sallah money made
us more likely to have some kind of war
situation or less here's my way of
framing that
I say there was Sala mania live we had a
hundred percent chance of death and or
with him dead we have probable death and
war that feels like an improvement we
went to a hundred percent chance of
absolutely more stuff like we've had
every day which is he was planning more
death and destruction to America more
conquest more trouble more problems so I
believe we went from a hundred percent
chance of problems to almost certainly
problems feels like a slight improvement
if I were to if I were just a gambler
and an odds maker I'd say yeah that's
probably at least a five percent
improvement now of course the the risk
is that something would ramp up quickly
and be bigger than whatever would happen
if he was just running wild in the
Middle East but I don't see that
happening I don't see that happening
I'll tell you why in a minute in no
particular order
Tucker Carlson is taking let's say a
unique or interesting stand but because
he's departing a little bit from some of
the other opinion people on Fox News and
one of the things he tells us and I
agree with this is that we we just spent
three years finding out that our own
intelligence services are all a bunch of
liars and not just a little bit I'm
talking about some serious serious yet
you know the the Russia collusion thing
being key among them so and and then of
course we have the weapons of mass
destruction situation in which the
intelligence people all failed so Tucker
asked quite reasonably why in the world
would we believe them when they say that
killing him stopped imminent attacks
imminent attacks that were not going to
be telling you about is that crap
should you believe that our intelligence
services were on the ball and they knew
there were there were a credible
imminent attacks the answer is no no you
should not believe the intelligence
services opinion about the imminent
attacks absolutely back there's no
credibility now I would love to live in
a country where when your intelligence
service tells you something's happening
you say whoa that's probably true but we
don't live in that country I mean we
just have to be realistic we live in the
opposite country we live in the country
where we absolutely cannot trust our
intelligence services now that's
different from saying we shouldn't have
killed him completely different I don't
believe that we had good intelligence on
specific imminent attacks what I do
think is that we had a history of this
guy doing nothing but attacking and
setting up more attacks if you have a
history of one guy who is doing nothing
but setting up a continuous series of
attacks do you need an intelligence
agency to tell you that there will be
more and that they might be imminent you
do not you do not so while Tucker is
completely I think you know smart sane
reasonable to say we should have zero
trust in our own intelligence agencies
on this kind of question completely
right but you don't need them if
somebody's been doing something on a
consistent basis every day you could
reasonably assume he'll do more of it so
the question of whether we know there
are imminent attacks completely
irrelevant his his track his track
record up to the day he died was he was
doing that stuff that's all you needed
to know I tweeted cleverly yesterday
that in order you know people talk about
the proportionality of the attack you
know they they did some bad stuff they
killed an American contractor who did
some service people attacked an embassy
and then people are saying hey is a
proportionate to take out the head of
the military
to which I say the only way that that
could be proportional is if we killed
that same bastard six hundred times that
would be proportional that's how many
Americans he's responsible for killing
right so if you killed that same bastard
six hundred times we'd be roughly even
so no it's not a proportional attack
we'd have to do a lot more to make it
proportional you know that's obviously
just the the joke version but still what
what the hell went on with that story
about the the letter that went to Iran
saying or now to Iraq saying we were
going to pull out what the hell was that
all about
I looked for the story in the headlines
today and it's completely left it's left
the pages well what the hell was that
all about
now I see somebody here saying in the
comments very similar to what the
pundits are saying that that is an
indication that the White House is in
disarray it's chaos nobody's in control
all the smart people have left it's not
that it's nothing like that do you think
the President ordered the draft letter
to be written and and delivered to Iraq
no do you think a lot of people were
involved with that decision
no all we know is that at least one
person did something that's all we know
for sure there was one person who did
something and it was done now if you and
I knew not to send that letter don't you
think a person working for the
administration should have known it to
somebody says was it false reporting I
like your thinking did it really happen
did it because I just sort of left the
news and it left the news without
finding out who did it
so whoever said did it really happen
that is indeed the right question
because there might have been something
that happened that wasn't
that it could have been for example I'll
just throw out some you know
brainstorming ideas it could have been
that they thought mmm we might have to
get ready for this possibility and
because we prepare for everything we
always prepare for the the yesterday now
they just prepared for it because they
thought that might have to later and
then somebody was an idiot and sent it
to Iraq could happen I mean it could
have been nothing but you know just some
administration person didn't know it was
a just-in-case letter so we don't know
about that but I'll tell you what is not
it's definitely not an indication that
the entire administration is a mess it's
nothing like that it's exactly one
person who may or may not have made a
mistake or maybe it was just misreported
that's all this what do you think there
is any administration what whoever you
imagine was your best administration of
all time do you think there were no
people in the administration and made a
mistake even a dumb one it was a pretty
dumb mistake but if it happened now
we're all watching the news of the
Stampede it's called they called the
Stampede a solid amaze funeral
so some kajillion people showed up for
the the funeral and there was a stampede
and 40 of them died and 213 were injured
now I don't know how to react to that
because my my reflexive reaction is
deeply at odds with my sense of self you
know what I mean so my my preference for
Who I am as a human being you know
dealing with in a world with other human
beings would be that my only reactions
that should be young shock I'm feeling
bad for the people were injured and
killed but on the other hand it was a
a group of people who walk me dead I
mean I think they were chanting death to
America correct me if I'm wrong and I I
did not have a reaction to this which
I'm proud of and I can see that many of
you are having the same reaction I don't
think there's any situation where you
should be happy about somebody dying
right I mean unless is actually a
terrorist but should you ever be happy
about anybody dying and I love you have
the same reaction when you saw this you
thought well that's a million people
chanting death to me and some of them
died I don't know what my reactions
that's supposed to be all right so how
many people live in Iran 80 million or
something what percentage of them were
in the street protesting now when you
count the fact that that there's sort of
a cultural thing where protesting in the
street is a thing where it's not as much
in other countries I don't know the
number of people we saw was it
meaningful don't know yet but let me
tell you the best take on all of this if
you haven't seen it yet
it's really worth reading now I don't
say that about a lot of things right
every now and then I'll say you know
Matt Taibbi wrote something and you
should definitely read it there aren't
too many articles I'm going to tell you
you should absolutely read but this is
one of them
and I tweeted on us you can find it
through my my Twitter thing this morning
Thomas Friedman wrote in The New York
Times and I know I know I know as soon
as you hear the name you're saying I
disagree with their mom climate change
or whatever it is you disagree with him
but just just bear with me
the article is first of all well-written
he's a great writer and it's completely
novel it's exactly opposite of what
everybody
in the world wrote and here's Thomas
Friedman steak one then this is a quote
from the article one day they may name a
street after President Trump in Tehran
why because Trump just ordered the
assassination of possibly the dumbest
man in Iran and the most overrated
strategist in the Middle East
general Solomon name have you heard that
opinion before haven't we only been
hearing that he's a brilliant strategist
and he's just amazing and he certainly
got a lot done not that not going to
argue but Friedman's argument is that
the Iran nuclear deal
the year that they made the deal there
their GDP went up their economy improved
they had finally some kind of peace with
the world
they were on the track to make a ran
really really grow and prosper I'm just
good thanks and then Solomon II took
that gain and turned it into endless
proxy wars which got him killed
crippled the Iranian economy bought them
nothing in return except control over
some regions that they're probably going
to wish they didn't control because it's
not so easy to be in charge of that kind
of a place not too cheap either
and and so I wonder so remember Friedman
knows what he's talking about when he
talks about the Middle East so he's a
guy who was who's dug in a little bit
and I've got to admit his take is not
only not only does it ring true and it
passes my sniff test because imagine
imagine if you will all right let me do
a little thought experiment for you okay
here's a thought experiment let's say
our next president after President
Trump's next next term so let's say in
five years six years with five years I
guess we've got a new president and I
won't name the president it's just a
hypothetical president so we get a
hypothetical president in the United
States five years from now
and that person starts a bunch of wars
we know we don't want to be in starts a
war and Sweden to conquer Sweden starts
a war to conquer Iceland or Greenland or
whatever starts a war - I know take over
France and let's say we're succeeding
but we're also killing a bunch of people
that didn't need to be killed conquering
territory that he didn't need to be
conquered it's successful but just a lot
of people are being killed and there's
not any real reason for it and then
imagine that a foreign country came in
and assassinated our future hypothetical
present and that future hypothetical
president because of all the wars and
all the people he had killed for no
particular good reason had driven our
economy down by let's say 20 or 30
percent what would you feel about that
let's say a enemy country took out the
one guy who had completely ruined your
own country how'd you feel about it got
to be honest I'd be okay with it totally
honest I'd be okay with it now I'm not
gonna making any kind of analogy to any
kind of normal ish president because
even president Trump is well within the
normal you know category for for being a
president so so we're not talking about
somebody who does things you don't like
he's not doing what you think you should
do on climate change I'm not talking
about that kind of situation where you
just disagree with them politically I'm
talking about somebody who was actually
Hitler if if in your own country a
Hitler arose and some other country
killed him how would you feel about it
well let's ask Germany Germany how do
you feel about the fact that we killed
Hitler
do you feel bad probably not probably
not how does Libya feel that Qaddafi was
killed they feel bad
probably not
probably not now the big difference is
that there are some leaders which
everybody would agree are bad so
certainly there's nobody in Germany who
thought that Hitler did a solid for
Germany
and pretty much everybody agrees okay
that's just thoroughly bad yeah I know
there's always somebody who's on the
other side but generally speaking people
are gonna say Hitler was bad even if
you're living in Germany and maybe
especially if you're living in Germany
but this guy Holly mani is a little bit
of a mixed bag there are people who
think he's bad people think he was great
Thomas Friedman has shown us the way we
have the greatest Brander in chief of
all time no matter what you want to say
about President Trump can we all agree
on one thing he's the best Brander the
best nickname giver he can make you
focus where he wants you to focus he has
those skills yeah even his enemies would
agree Thomas Friedman has shown us how
to brand this thing and the branding is
we should brand Salomon E as somebody
who destroyed Iran you know why because
Salomon e destroyed Iran that actually
happened does it pass the sniff test
let's say you now put yourself here's
another thought experiment put yourself
into the head of an Iranian just an
average Iranian probably you didn't love
the regime to begin with alright so
there's I don't know what the
percentages are but there I'm guessing
that there are more people who were not
who were not delighted with the regime
than there are people who are radically
in favor of it if you gave them this
argument and say that it's a to them
before solemn they did all of his stuff
you were a growing economy and
everything was going good when he did
his stuff which was create all these
proxy wars and and you know spend all
your money and ruin your economy are you
better off
is there anybody in Iran who would
answer the question oh yeah what solemn
they did made us better off right
you can even love the guy and think he
you're not better off all you have to do
is use the the Ronald Reagan thing are
you better off now or would you have
been better off without any of that
stuff because you know what it would
look like it would look like a growing
economy at peace with the world
and you might still have had a lot of
influence on Iraq if that's what you
wanted because that wasn't the biggest
deal for anybody so I think the way that
the United States should play this is we
should take Thomas Friedman's very wise
take on this that instead of calling him
this genius strategist that it's good
thing we got rid of him we should be
talking about him as the guy who ruined
Iran for the Iranian people I believe we
can sell that now I don't know the end
buy sell it I mean it's true I don't
mean sell it as a make up a fake story
and see if we can get idiots to believe
it the Iranian people are really smart
you know you're not dealing with dumb
people here it's a really well educated
smart society and I think they're gonna
see the same thing we do that they are
worse off because he was doing what he
was doing so let's take that
Gordon Chang brings us back to reality
and I want you to do me a fact check on
this so Gordon Chang is more more known
as an expert on young China and North
Korea but he makes this statement and I
don't been waiting to see somebody say
this and I don't know why we needed a
China expert to say this but when I say
it you're gonna say why isn't this the
only thing we're talking about and here
it is so Gordon Chang says here's
objective reality I think he's
responding to somebody talking about
what is objective reality he says here's
objective reality Iran was violating the
New Deal by blocking IAEA inspectors
inspections it would have been an
abrogation of presence
Trump's responsibility if he has
certified compliance isn't that the only
thing that matters what why doesn't that
come up every single day when we're
talking about a rat because we're having
this weird disagreement about whether
Iran had been complying with the nuclear
deal but this one fact and I invite you
to check this fact because I'd like to
know that this is a solid fact and I you
know it's coming from Gordon Chang he he
knows what he's talking about and so I
think it is is it a fact that Iran did
not allow the nuclear inspectors to
inspect the places that they wanted to
inspect now it's possible that that they
just didn't want the nuclear inspectors
to be spies and so maybe they were over
asking so that they could look at some
military sites that weren't really
nuclear sites or something like that so
ran might have an argument about why
they did it but is there argument any
argument that they did it and I'd like
to know that can somebody confirm that
for me is it is it true that they were
not allowing nuclear inspections and now
on top of that you have to add that
Israel found that trove of nuclear
documents to show that during the time
they were saying they had no nuclear
weapons program they had a very robust
nuclear weapons program so if you know
that the exactly the same cast of
players have a verified confirmed
history of lying about this exact
question are you developing nuclear
weapons no we're not developing any
nuclear weapons what and then Israeli
spies actually captured and brought home
the actual physical documents you know
CDs documents that they captured showing
that that was all lie now it was after
that that the nuclear deal was made but
you're making a deal with people who
have a history of lying
about this and having a great incentive
to lie about this it's the very thing
that they should lie about right yeah I
mean if you're a rational country if
you're gonna lie well this would be the
thing to lie about we would do it too if
yeah if the situation were reversed I
think you'd want your you'd probably
want your government to lie about it
right in the military world it's okay to
lie because it's a military lying is
just another weapon of the military so
from the Iranian perspective if the
nuclear weapons were part of their
military well lying about them is just
another military weapon why wouldn't
they so if you have a situation where
they have a history of lying and then on
top of that they have blocked the
nuclear inspectors for look from looking
at the places that the inspectors wanted
to look and thought that they should
look can you ever say that they have
certified compliance the answer is no
you kind of can't so that's a good point
all right Rand Paul has to take on this
and he basically thinks it's a big
mistake because he says it's the death
of diplomacy and Rand Paul says he can
see no possibility that this could lead
to any kind of negotiations because
diplomacy is sort of dead now well maybe
I would like to be the contrarian here
all right I'm gonna use a technique I've
talked about before now this is
something I learned in hypnosis class in
hypnosis class I learned that people
tell you what they want without knowing
that they told you in other words their
choice of words reveals what they really
want even if they don't mean to do it so
sometimes you can read the way they were
things the way they focus on things and
come to conclusions that they did not
intend to tell you here is a perfect
example you ready for this
so this is from I wish I knew which this
came from but as one of the news
services said this that Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei said in in a rare appearance
before Iran's National Security Council
so I guess he doesn't appear but in
front of them a lot but he said that any
retaliatory attack on American interests
in the Middle East should be carried out
openly by Iranian forces themselves the
New York Times reported okay so the New
York Times reported that and I guess
there were three sources that said the
same thing from the meeting so that they
have a reliable reporting says the New
York Times and he says the bold order
deviates from Iran's usual tactic of
hiding behind proxies in the region now
read between the lines okay so come any
is saying that unlike the days of
Solomon II that quote any retaliatory
attacks on American interests should be
carried out openly by Iranian forces
read between the lines what is he
telling the proxies to do stand out he's
telling the proxies to stand down in
favor of Iran openly and with no you
know no hint of hiding anything
retaliate retaliating themselves but
wait read his exact words he did not say
we are going to retaliate he didn't say
that
look what's missing what he said was any
retaliatory attack on American interests
should be by the Iranian military openly
the the
is if this is reported correctly and of
course there's always a question about
that what does it mean
where if he's telling the proxies to
stand down and he's saying that if we
attack if we attack and if there's any
attack it needs to be open let me ask
you this do you think Iran is going to
openly with their military in an
unambiguous way attack an American
interest I say no I say no because if
Iran's military openly attacked an
American interest we would respond in a
devastating way and there isn't the
slightest chance he wants that so if
this reporting was correct the Ayatollah
just said no response that's what he
said
he said no proxies because we want to
make if there's any attack it should not
be with proxies stand out if there's any
attack it's gonna be direct but there's
no chance of a direct attack because it
would be suicide
the Ayatollah just said no response has
anybody else said that right now again
the the wild-card here is whether the
New York Times reporting about an
Iranian meeting is accurate I mean who
knows it could have done other things he
said that would change my mind but if we
were judging it just from these words is
Rand Paul right that diplomacy is dead
because Iran just said retaliation is
dead not in those words but if they're
saying the only way we're gonna
retaliate is directly and there's no
chance they're gonna do that really I
think they just said no retaliation in
the only way that you can say no
retaliation without looking weak I think
they just said we're not going to be
weak we're either gonna retaliate the
you know the proper
the way where you know we did it or
we're not going to do it interesting so
there's this big question about whether
the president was impulsive or decisive
so people are arguing about his inner
mental state now of course that's
ridiculous and and whether it was
impulsive or decisive that's something
you decide after the fact right if
everything works out right as the
article I was reading this from I wish I
should I wish I could credit it but I
forgot to write it down yeah so you'll
decide after the fact whether it was
just decisive because everything worked
out in the long run or was it impulsive
and everything didn't work on the right
yeah in the long run but here's my take
on this there are a lot of people in the
world who do not have experience making
important decisions president Trump is a
person who has made countless big
decisions involving you know
construction his own life you know
company you know millions billions of
dollars etc on a smaller scale I'm also
a person who has made many many business
decisions in the Dilber world and
otherwise in my corporate life that
involved millions of dollars on the line
if you did it this way you can make
millions if you do it this way you don't
so I also have been involved with lots
of big decisions a lot of people who are
reporters have never lived in that world
that most of their decisions are just
about their own life they're not making
big decisions except oh how do i word
this article and stuff like that so I
would argue that the people who were
trying to decide whether this was
decisive or impulsive are people who are
not experienced at big decisions and
that if you're experienced at big
decisions there's something you know
that people who are not experienced
that big decisions don't know and that
and it's this a lot of it is guessing
right if you're involved in really big
decisions about the unknown well if we
go down this path I don't know but we go
down this path well I also don't know I
have two paths and I don't know that's
what the nature of a very large decision
looks like small decisions can also be
ambiguous but they have small stakes
here's the thing that I have learned you
can think forever about something and it
doesn't help you that much
alright that's what people who make lots
of big decisions about big stuff
eventually learn Florida help people
justified defending Trump alright we'll
get rid of you
I like to get rid of anybody who says
that all we're doing is defending Trump
because and I came down pretty hard on
him for and I'll do it again today it
this is one of Trump's worst weeks
persuasion wise now whether or not the
killing of Solomon a was a good or bad
will we'll all learn that in the future
but what he said that you would go after
a cultural sites in Iran that's just a
mistake how that how the hell would I
defend that now the way he defends it
we're saying that you know all targets
are on the table basically you know why
why would we say any targets off the
table well alright but you don't need to
offend the public in Iran it's the last
thing you want to do it was completely
unnecessary to throw this cultural there
might be some culturally important
targets complete mistake there isn't the
slightest way that I could justify that
as anything but a mistake
all right so if you come on here and say
blah blah blah Bowlby everything you say
is defending President bomb I'm just
gonna block you for being stupid or
formed alright anyway back to my point
people who make big decisions know that
the difference between being decisive
and really thinking things through and
being impulsive it's not that big of a
difference because usually you're making
decisions with just so many unknowns
that you couldn't possibly know which is
the right decision and you end up
looking at a few variables that you've
decided over the course of your life are
more predictive than other variables so
if President Trump looked at this
gigantic complicated system with a
million variables and he peered into the
million variables and said you know what
there's probably only a few that'll ever
matter how long would it take him to do
that
not very long because he probably looked
in and said look if if we let them go on
and we don't make a strong statement
it's worse so it could be that no matter
how complicated this all is there aren't
that many variables that that are the
ones you're gonna use and they're
probably not that hard to analyze if we
don't stop it there'll be more of it do
you want more of it because we can stop
it or we can have more of it it's
complicated but do you need to be a
middle a Middle East expert to make some
of these decisions I don't know
impulsive and decisive and well
considered they aren't what you think
they are for people who make big
decisions a lot they need to look for
the variable that matters and then once
you have it sometimes that's all you
need now there's talk about what North
Korea is learning from this you know
there one thing they're learning is that
President Trump is willing to carry on a
threat so if you're North Korea you
don't have to wonder if President Trump
is a killer he's a killer he just picked
a specific person in the world and
killed him on his own really I mean he
ordered people to do it but it was his
decision you know we're not hearing that
there were a lot of other people
recommending you do this
president Trump literally just killed a
guy intentionally so if your which is I
could say more about that but I don't
want to so Kim jong-un knows that he's
dealing with somebody who's a killer so
that's probably good but would he be
less likely to give up his nukes now
because now he's like oh this guy's a
killer I better keep my nukes baby
that's one way it could go but I think
what Kim should learn is that Trump
killed a guy because he killed an
American and Kim is not in the business
of killing Americans I'm sure otto
warmbier but I don't think Kim
personally ordered that I think there
were some jailers who might have been
bad players so I'd be very very super
I'd be amazed
in fact there's almost nothing that
would make me believe that Kim ordered
warmbier to be you know killed or at
least beaten beaten until he died I
doubt it all right so I think Kim can
take away from this that if he hurts one
American one time it's a whole new ball
game that seems to be the message where
should be the message but if he deals
with us fairly doesn't doesn't hurt
American interests well there's
something to be gained here because we
don't have any interest whatsoever and
they kind of wore North Korea we don't
need to kill anybody up there let's see
what else we got going on here here's
something that one of Israel's top the
my Israel's one of Iran's top guys Zarif
tweeted on Sunday he said
- those hallucinating about emulating
Isis war crimes by targeting our
cultural heritage blah blah so a top
Iranian used the word hallucinating they
also used the word Bingley recently
they've used the words Bigley and
hallucinating let me ask you this if you
were the Iranians
wouldn't you be following the media in
the United States to find out all the
different views of President Trump
you're trying to understand him as
leader you so you're reading all the
different opinions of them the pros and
the cons are the Iranians following me
what do you think you know I and some of
those of you who have been watching me
for a while know why I'm asking this
question
I can't tell so there's no way to know
of course but as I'm seeing lots of
opinions going by yeses and noes and
bull blah well here's my take on it if I
were I ran or North Korea or Israel I
would be I would very much know the the
competing opinions about Trump and I
would certainly want to know the one
that predicted the best right because if
you're another country all you care
about is being able to predict you want
to understand who the president is and
then predict how he will act that's the
whole game prediction if you had been
following American media and opinions on
this president who would you follow for
your best take on predicting it's kind
of me so I have to ask the question is
there anybody in Iran who's following my
my books or my podcast I don't know but
if you're listening Iran let me say this
you have an opportunity that you've
probably never had before
I think Solomon II probably was as big a
problem to Iran in the long term and I I
do accept Thomas Friedman's take on this
that saw many was the dumbest person in
the Middle East in terms of you know how
things turned out
he heard around in a way that Iran will
take decades to recover from if Iran
wants to be you know the great country
that they can be have been and will be
America is really ready to be your
friend we sort of really want to be
friends with Iran and other countries
and don't have any reason not to be as
long as your adventurousness is curved
and it seems like the general who is in
charge of adventurous stuff is no longer
with us so there may be an opportunity
here for something amazing and as I
often say peace in the Middle East
there's one guy away one guy the
Ayatollah Khamenei he just has to decide
that Iran doesn't want to be adventurous
and militarily take over Israel he just
has to decide and everything else will
work out so we've never been closer to
something amazing let's talk about a few
of the things it's not all about Iran
every day
Chelsea Clinton reportedly made nine
million dollars from sitting on a
corporate board of some company that
invests in Internet companies and most
of it was stock I'm 95 percent of it or
something was was that she got stock as
part of that and it went up nine million
dollars nine million dollars how does
that look right oh one other thing about
company it's being reported that he
openly wept over Solomon days casket can
somebody find me a photo of Khamenei
openly weeping and here's the important
part with it here I want to see a tear
because we've seen lots of pictures of
there there must be some cultural
Iranian thing that I don't quite
understand have you noticed the pictures
where they're all like this that the
hand goes up is like and they seem to be
grieving in a very similar way but the
pictures that we saw were a close-up of
the Ayatollah but there were no tears
what does it mean to weep without tears
find me a picture of a tear if you can
change my mind about the direction of
Iran if you find me a tear if you can't
find me it's here on Khamenei his cheek
it means he's glad he's gone I mean he
knew this guy a long time you know give
it given a long time they work together
if somebody that close to you died
wouldn't you shed an actual tear I'm
you've you've experienced death in your
life it's real tears
a co-worker dies it's real tears right
so find me some tears somebody says they
saw them but I need a confirmation on
that all right here's my prediction for
the future are you ready what the future
is the ring and by that I mean an actual
ring that goes on your hand this one's a
prototype I believe that the future
interface will be that you'll have a
ring that that works with your
smartphone let's so let's say it's it's
it's got some Bluetooth your smartphone
so the smartphone is your brains but
that you use the ring to control your
environment so that you could for
example look at a light point to it
snappy fingers
your ring would pick up the snap cuz
it's got a little speaker in it you go
and the lights come on you pointed your
television snappy fingers and lights
come on you want to lower your raise the
volume go like this and you know and the
ring would you know be in a position in
space where you'd know it's rising and
lowering now this particular ring has a
feature on it by the way I invested in a
company years ago that made this
prototype and there's something special
about the prototype so it has some
smarts and top but the prototype has
this button on the side and what's
special about it is that you can reach
the button with your thumb so you won't
accidentally hit this button very much
in the normal course of life you're not
going to hit the button but it's easy to
reach this particular monitor was made
by a company called ring guard I think
they're no longer around I don't know
what happened to him but they got a
patent on this and it was so that and
this was for defense you know basically
it was a an alert if you were jogging
and somebody grabbed you he could just
go pink because nobody could it would
people couldn't grab your arms but you'd
still be able to go pink before they got
you so this would send down an alarm
with your location and stuff that was
the idea of the company but I'm just
talking about the ring as a as an
element to the future all you need is
something you can touch to activate it
and it became it can become your your
mouse on the world and the fact that you
can wave and point to things and snap
your fingers you can show up and down
you can show left and right you can
swipe with it you should be able to do
almost everything in the future with
your hand so this is my somebody said if
I want to find a girl that looks like
Christina pointer ring at the piano
exactly that's what I did but so here's
my prediction very soon you're going to
see industries formed the same way you
saw a lot of watch industries you can
see ring base stuff it's needs to have a
speaker in it
oh here's the other thing here's the
other biggest thing the biggest thing
is that most of a lot of us anyway are
getting these digital assistants in our
home if you have a digital assistant and
I'm intentionally not using the name of
Amazon's digital system because I don't
want it to come on let's say you tell
your digital assistant to play some
music and it's playing some music and
then you want to change it it's hard
because you're across the room and
you're yelling at your digital assistant
hey yo cancel you have to walk right up
to it so wouldn't it be good if you had
a little speaker in your ring and when
you wanted your digital assistant to
change the channel instead of walking
across the room and screaming at it
we're taking I think you could take your
app out and fire up your phone and find
the app you know you could do it that
way but wouldn't it be good to say
change the next song turn on lights so
it might be that your ring is just the
easier way to control your environment
and and if if your environment is
controlled by voice and other people are
in the vicinity wouldn't it be good if
you could whisper it you know wouldn't
it be good to say remember somebody says
the Richard in Florida says already
exists
oh yes the I meant this would be a
microphone not a speaker if I said that
wrong it would be a microphone not a
speaker telepathy all right I'm looking
at your comments so I suppose some are
saying that you could do it with a watch
but I would have seen him by now all
right that's what I'm expecting rings
rings everywhere and I will talk to you
later
oh I want to give you it before I go can
I give you an update I told you the
story about using an app called go
trashy and it allows you to find
somebody who will take away your garbage
and we use the app and unfortunately the
person who took away my garbage it was
all my Christmas stuff
and it was this gigantic pile the size
of an automobile basically they took it
away and they and the operator dumped it
on the side of a public road which
caused somebody to go through the
garbage find my identifying stuff and
call me a home and say there's a
gigantic pile of your garbage on this
public road in Oakland to which I said
what so we contacted the AppMakr go
trashy but not until we had hired
another company to go pick up the trash
and they charged us $400 so we charged a
hundred something for the first people
to pick up the trash but they just took
it and dumped it on a public road and
then I paid another company over $400 to
go pick it up from that public road and
dispose of it properly so Christina
contacts the NGO trashy a people and
sends them the bill sends them the bill
for the other trash company their
competitor and says you should pay this
bill because it was your guy that they
caused the problem what do you think
happened the the app maker I think it
was somebody probably one of the
founders contacted us and said
absolutely and and they said they would
pay for it they apologized
they said they were horrified they said
it has never happened before
they not only reimbursed us for what we
paid through their app but they agreed
to pay over $400 for the other app and
so let me say let me say this as clearly
as I can the go trashy app a plus and if
you if you want to use an app for
removing your trash I recommend them now
there's there's a famous principle
involved here some of you know it and I
used to own a restaurant a couple of
restaurants and we all know we all know
this truth if you complain in a
restaurant and the restaurant makes good
whatever that is maybe they copy me
maybe they give me four
deserve whatever it is if the restaurant
makes good on your complaint you are
more likely to go to their restaurant
not less likely the best customer the
best customer is one that is unhappy and
then gets satisfied so go trashy this is
a perfect example of it I was deeply
unhappy at an outcome
but it wasn't exactly their fault
because they it's an app in which lots
of independent contractors can be part
of it it's not like they could affect
every person it's not like they know
what everybody everybody's going to do
so they can't completely control what
other people are doing but they can
certainly they can certainly make it
right and they made it right perfectly I
would say that's a plus and I recommend
the rep so in return for them doing a an
excellent job of customer service and of
really as good as you can do
that's fixing a problem is as good as
you can do it's my it's my absolute
standard for what makes a person a good
person we're all making mistakes so if
you judge people by their mistakes
yeah they got rid of the guy of course
yeah he's no longer part of the app that
was also part of it I don't judge people
by the mistakes because then we would
all hate each other because we're all
making mistakes all the time but you can
judge people by how they respond and how
they responded it was perfect so A+ use
go trashy app I recommend them that's
all for today