hey everybody come on in you know what
time it is it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams I'm your host Scott Adams
and you are the wonderful people who
have joined me
today and oh I see you on the treadmill
there I see you on the beach I see you
going for your cup of coffee yeah I can
watch you filling your mug right now so
grab your mug your cup your glass your
Stein your chalice your
thermos lift it to your lips I hope it's
filled with your favorite beverage I
like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous
hip yeah you come for the hming but you
stay for the coffee
so I did a late night uh Periscope last
night talking about the president's
tweet in which he said yes Nancy Pelosi
I agree with you we will wait until the
government is reopened and then I will
do my State of the Union in the house
chamber where it
belongs and people are saying no he
caved in why doesn't he just go give his
rally as I explained last night and I'll
quickly reiterate
it would have been a good reason it
would have been a good strategy a week
ago to maybe take the take the State of
the Union to uh you know another place
and have sort of a rally and get a lot
of attention and have some fun but as
soon as the Covington Catholic school
boy thing broke it made the uh the
alternate State of the Union impossible
why because the people who attended any
alternate kind of State of the Union
assuming it was the public would have
worn Mega hats and the visual coming so
quickly after the U the Democrats have
successfully and this is a compliment to
their persuasion you don't have to like
him morally you don't have to like it
politically but persuasion wise oh my
God the Democrats are killing it on this
hat thing so the Democrats have actually
taken the most successful
political symbol of all time the best
branded best thought out best
constructed perfect colors perfect words
for a political campaign make America
great again with a hat and the Democrats
have
successfully transferred that into a
racist symbol so racist you you're not
allowed to wear it in in public
apparently
now many of you will get very confused
right now because you can't distinguish
between what is your legal right to wear
any hat you want which of course is
unchanged versus you know what happens
if you wear it which is your physical
risk which is a separate
[Laughter]
question um now I'm I'm seeing all the
people getting really mad at me because
I'm saying that other people say they're
they're hats are racist you understand
I'm not saying that I'm talking about
other people and you're swearing at
me people are telling me f off with your
saying that these hats are being called
racist by other people that's just
what's happening I didn't start it it
wasn't my idea I don't think it's a good
idea but it happened and you can't
ignore it now given that people have
this bad feeling about the hats it would
have been terrible for the president to
have a one-sided only Trump loving
people come to a big rally put on their
hats and then give the the uh the other
side shall we say lots of fodder to say
look at them all wearing those hats it's
like a KKK convention it's not like a
KKK convention I'm not saying that I'm
saying it would be easy for the
Democrats to paint it that way so while
it might have been a reasonably good
idea to have a fun rally a week ago now
that the Covington thing happened and
brought our attention to these hats and
you know the hats would be the whole
story if he did this brilliant speech
you know for the State of the Union
offsite if he did that the only story
would be well look at the hats a lot of
people wore hats so it was a good move
to not do it off site given that that
alone would have made it a good idea to
wait but the more interesting thing is
that he's he just took The High Ground
The High Ground is the first person in
the conversation who acts like an adult
you know most of the conversation is
about oh it's this little tick tit
fortat stuff you know Pelosi's canceling
this because the president cancelled
that it's tit for Tad it's it's small
ball it's the kids table and all that
the president just went full adult
nobody saw that coming sort of a
surprise move in which since Pelosi had
completely abandoned the adult high
ground in the conversation she had
essentially joined him in the tip for
Tat but it left open The High Ground
there was nobody up there there were
there were no prominent politicians who
were saying well let's act like adults
at least of the people who had any power
you know a lot of the smaller
Republicans were saying that but they
didn't really matter for this
conversation so the president took the
high ground and said I agree I want to
do it in the right place in the right
time and we'll wait we'll wait uh until
until the government's open um so I was
waiting to see how this was covered by
the news now in social media of course
people just take sides and they say
you're your guy caved and Nancy peles
slapping them around like a ragd doll so
of course that's social media but I was
watching CNN coverage of how they are
covering it and I was watching I think
it was poppy harlo on CNN uh
interviewing Senator Collins a
Democrat and she just made him
twist and you haven't I don't know that
I've seen that before so you probably
noticed that there's a way there's a way
the CNN will interview Republicans that
seems different from how they'll
interview Democrats generally when they
interview Democrats and people agree
with maybe what their their own
philosophy is they'll ask a question
then they'll let the Democrat just say
whatever the heck they want their
talking points and then they say all
right out of time time to go but she
made him
twist oh Collins is a republican uh I
may have the wrong person but the point
is that the uh that the the
attitude that um CNN is taking toward
this so far of the first few people I
saw is tell me why Democrats can't
accept a little bit of
wall uh no I'm not talking about Susan
um so I may have the wrong guy I'm
talking about a a gentleman um let's see
I took his I took his screenshot of it
because it was so funny I'll show you
the
screenshot
um oh um I was confused with the Chiron
so the Chiron was talking about Senator
Collins but that's not who was being
interviewed
so uh so she's interview
some democrat was name I don't know but
I was looking at you can't see her
face very
well but she's she's got this look on
her face oh is that Jeff thank you all
right so ignore most of the fake news
that I just reported there the senator
Collins thing is not part of the story
it is uh Jeff I guess but anyway the
point of it
is that she was asking the tough
questions such as well if you were be if
you were in favor of board security
before you wouldn't you be a little
flexible now and she just kept you know
pushing on it and so you're seeing that
even
CNN can't find a way to make this look
good for Democrats there's no way you
can make it look good for Democrats
anymore and the president looks like
he's the one who's made two produ Ive
moves one is to stop stop fighting about
the State of the Union thing productive
move one two is to add variables about
the the DACA people of course it's not
what they want but it opens it to
negotiation so that's a still a move
forward it puts more stuff on the table
so the president now has two
unambiguous statements of
flexibility even though at one point he
walked down of a a meeting but at the
moment he's the only one who's who shown
some flexibility it puts all of the it
puts all of the pressure on Democrats
now and I expect you'll see them start
eating their
own uh so that's the fun part to watch
for now I'd also suggested in my last
Periscope that there might be some other
reason that the president is also
willing to not do a state of the union
alternately because it would take a lot
of work and planning it would take a lot
of resources just to put on you know
insured notice to put on an alternate
show of that size with security and
locations and everything else and you
know some of it maybe he just didn't
know if he could fill a room maybe on
short notice is just tough to fill a
room although I suppose he could
probably always fill the room but I
speculated that
maybe just maybe there's something else
going on that we don't know about
something big there might be something
big
that the president just needs to deal
with and he just doesn't need the State
of the Union stuff getting in the way at
the moment so I'm speculating that there
might be some big news
coming now here uh and the possibilities
are North Korea all right we're talking
about the North Korea Summit it could be
that we're having some pretty serious
conversations that we haven't heard
about yet and that this next um the next
Summit might produce some news and it
makes me wonder at what point would the
Democrat opposition to the president be
forced to admit that something good is
happening in North Korea because up to
now they're like oh nothing's happened
Kim Jun got all this respect and he's
still building his nukes and he got
everything he wanted president just got
played but at what point like if you
know if we were watching live footage of
the their nuclear program being
dismantled and loaded onto ships and
taken away you know Forever at what
point would the Democrats say okay okay
that's something you know is there is
there anything we could see that would
make them say yeah okay that worked or
would they just say no I think Obama got
the ball rolling and the president just
happened to be lucky to be there so
watch that the other thing that might be
happening is of course you're watching
the Venezuela situation and I have to
confess that I'm less I'm less um I
guess less informed about Venezuela than
you know even other topics which I'm
uninformed
on but what I know is that you know
Madura their leaders uh uh a socialist
dictator and the country is going going
down the toilet fast and there's uh a
leader of the opposition who has
declared himself the real president and
the United States and Canada I guess
have said yes you are the real president
and we recognized him now I guess m
Madura told the um us diplomats to get
out of the country and I believe the
United States response is we're not
getting out of the country now let me
ask you you are less informed because
you're rich and
white okay
um that's a comment here I never know if
anybody's it's impossible to tell when
people are kid anymore like sarcasm and
reality look exactly the same they've
they've
merged but here's what to look
for
um if we keep our diplomats in
Venezuela number one will we keep all of
our diplomats in
Venezuela now I would think that's very
unlikely so whether or not we say we're
keeping our diplomats there or not
Common Sense tell tells you that we're
definitely going to get rid of not get
rid of but we're definitely going to
move to
safety some number of them that are not
essential so no matter no matter what
happens there the non-essential people
are definitely going to get out of the
way but if we decide to keep anybody
there are we kind of inviting uh
military trouble meaning the odds that
our Embassy gets attacked by some crowd
of angry Madura supporters seems pretty
high doesn't it seems pretty high and
what would happen if Americans in
American territory which would be the
embassy within Venezuela came under
military
attack yeah you see where this is going
the odds of the US military entering
Venezuela just went very
high now of course we don't want to do
it unless we really need to do it but by
keeping our people in in the country
we've created and I assume we I assume
we've moved to safety the people who are
not willing to take this kind of risk
but we've created a situation where we
can move our military in there if we
need to now I don't think we would move
our military in there unless we
absolutely had to and also unless the
Venezuelan military was at least mostly
on our side you know the the enals and I
don't know how likely that's going to
be but the question I ask you is is
there something big in military that
we're at least getting ready for whether
or not we ever have to pull the trigger
on it and I'm guessing
yes I'm guessing that our military is
probably sitting off the coast right now
or on the way just in case just to
protect the embassy and that we would
have enough Firepower
uh that we could move the needle over
there politically if that ever had to
happen
so uh Putin has Assets in Venezuela yeah
so Venezuela is pro- Iran and pro Cuba
the Cuba part matters less but can you
imagine that this president president
Trump is willing to have a pro
Iran uh Administration in South
America I don't think that's going to
last so I would expect there might be
some some big developments there but we
don't know all right
um what do we think what else is
happening oh somebody said maybe what's
going to happen is Israel will take out
take out Hezbollah in Syria but I just
assume that's happening anyway right
isn't isn't Israel picking off his
Hezbollah a little bit at a time
everybody's saying that uh Ruth Gator B
Gins Ruth Bader
Ginsburg people are speculating that she
has secretly passed away I say there's
no chance that we would not know if she
really passed away so I I would I would
stop worrying about that now it's
definitely a chance we could learn that
she's failing but there's no way she's
already passed that I don't think that's
true um thoughts on green cards for DACA
you know I'm not an expert on all of the
DACA green card Visa situation um you
know I'm not sure that I have anything
to add to what what would be the smart
way to play
that Russia tells Israel no more random
rocket whatever I don't know what that
is uh
your plumbing issues oh yes um so the
moment I got my extended plumbing
problems if you if you don't know the
story The the short version is I had one
Plumbing problem after another that made
it impossible to enjoy my house for
weeks and weeks and weeks uh and as soon
as the water heater got fixed uh a leak
sprung in my warm floors now warm floors
are where some homes have uh pipes of
it's flexible piping but pipes of water
everywhere throughout the house and the
floor and then the the heat from the
water that's warmed up radiates into the
house uh now the leak was not under the
floor so that's the good news that would
have been a disaster the the leak is in
the manifold that's in the garage uh so
you just have to turn it off it's no big
deal they'll come fix it but
uh once again you know I I was telling
the story in real time how no matter
what got fixed a new thing broke at
exactly the same time and it broke at
exactly the same time while the plumber
was standing there the other thing
broke through no related purpose they
weren't even working on it it wasn't
something to even work on at all they
don't touch it at all and the thing bro
sprung a leak while he was standing
there amazingly
Scott can you define
masculinity well I I like to think I do
Define masculinity if you know what I
mean but beyond that
no how are my drumming lessons coming
along um I'm actually going to do a
periscope on my drumming lessons in the
context of online learning which is
partly why I'm doing it and I might do
that what time is it 7:21 I might do a
special Periscope on that today or soon
um and anyway I've got I've said enough
for now that's enough on this topic if I
come back on it's going to be a special
topic and I will talk to you later bye