pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom well
I hesitate to say that this will be the
best coffee with Scott Adams that you've
ever experienced but it's already
shaping up that way
seriously I got my printer going
excuse me don't go anywhere don't go
anywhere
coming right back my god there's three
pages of notes stay there yeah we got
whiteboards we got notes we've got the
simultaneous sip we've got just about
everything that you could ever need just
start your morning right well today I'm
going to tell you how to defend yourself
from the coming robot onslaught against
your jobs yes I will I'll talk to you
about the poorly educated we'll talk
about Biden and the hydroxychloroquine
and all kinds of fun things but first we
need this simultaneous it and all you
need to do the simultaneous tip is a cup
of our glass of tanker gels are signed
akin to your flask FSL of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine here
the day the thing that makes everything
better including the damn pandemic it's
called the simultaneous sip and a
happens now go stock market is up
somebody says let me check that live
while we're here you know I was going be
better check to make sure that's true
before I look oh yeah
stock market oh my goodness Oh looking
good
so yesterday I was I was so close to
tweeting I hope you own stocks because
today was almost a guaranteed update I
think
because what happened is people took off
the masks that went back to something
like life or at least the vacation
version of it the Memorial Day version
and I felt kind of normal didn't it it
felt like we can do this it felt like in
a few weeks we're going to find out that
the spike in infections that we thought
in the the worst case scenario maybe
didn't happen could be because it's
warmer couldn't be because we're smarter
and we're we know what to do and what
not to do but I felt like this weekend
was a turning point and I felt like the
stock market was going to reflect that
does it feel like we made it what what
do you think
because wasn't there a point when you
said to yourself not long ago why Tibet
only a few weeks ago you said to
yourself I'm not sure we're gonna make
it didn't you say that to yourself come
on you know you did you know there was
at least some point in the last few
weeks where you said I don't know if
this is gonna work the civilization
thing might not make it well we're back
we got a lot of work to do a lot of
people lost a lot a lot of people lost
their lives we will not forget that but
I think we turned the corner it's all
gonna be good news from now so we're
gonna hear about therapies we're gonna
hear about vaccines we're gonna hear
about infections going down we'll stop
some bad news a lot of it's gonna be
good
so let me tell you what I'm doing to
cause trouble I've been starting today a
little more than normal
I'm retweeting anything that looks
positive about hydroxychloroquine even
though I don't believe any of it so let
me say that again I'm retweeting
aggressively anything that says anything
positive about hydroxychloroquine but I
also don't believe any of it now it's
not that hydroxychloroquine works or
doesn't work out
one of my doctor how would I know what I
don't trust is anything on the Internet
so it doesn't matter if it's pro or con
if it's on the topic of just anything
about hydroxychloroquine I don't really
trust them so I tweet it to have smarter
people tell me what's wrong with it and
I decided to take a little bit of risk
for your benefit
maybe my benefit too I don't know I'm
not sure how I think it's mostly bad for
me but maybe for your benefit and it
goes like this I told you before that
having no shame is a superpower and
that's one of my superpowers I can do
things that other people wouldn't do
just because it would be embarrassing so
one of the things I can do that I'm not
embarrassed to do but ordinary people
would be is to retweet the sketchy
science and all of the hydroxyl
chloroquine stuff in my opinion is very
sketchy science it's sketchy when it
says it doesn't work it's catching you
and it says it does work basically
there's not a single freaking thing that
I believe on this topic but by
retweeting it it creates in people's
minds the idea that I believe it's all
true and I want the world to take this
truck that is not the case it's very
much not the case but people will think
it's the case if I just retweet this
stuff so I'm retweeting to create a
false sense in people's minds that
somebody who has a high profile as I do
thinks that this is a good stuff now if
I can attract enough idiots and I think
I can because you know we don't have a
shortage of idiots if you can find this
strategy in life that requires lots of
idiots well you've got a storm strategy
because you're not gonna run out of
idiots right so any strategy that
requires a lot of idiots is
automatically a robust strategy and my
strategy is that the idiots should be
coming start to come in pretty soon I
would expect that
won't be long before you'll see a major
publication print a story in which they
throw me under the bus for promoting
hydroxychloroquine which I'm expressly
not doing but I know that I'm creating
this situation simply by retweeting it
now what I'm trying to do is draw
attention to it so I can get the best
information in order to do that I will
embarrass myself in public and be shamed
by publications who misinterpret me and
make me the target of all of all there
of all their hatred so we'll see if this
works
along those lines when I retweet this
stuff and I'm looking for people to
debunk it
or possibly confirm it but I think
mostly it's going to be debunking
because it's quote as stuff on the
internet and it's almost always wrong
I'm gonna make a follow recommendation
for you
so you're somebody you should follow on
Twitter because whenever I tweet
something that looks sketchy I can
almost always depend on this one person
to come in and tell me why it doesn't
make sense and I look at it I go oh oh
yeah that makes sense I'll give you an
example and then if you have something
to write this down get ready I'll tell
you the I'll tell you when you follow
but I tweeted this morning that the UAE
I'm sorry not the UAE
yeah the UAE yeah the UAE had a very low
rate of deaths from corona virus they
had a very low rate of death like very
very very low but also they were using
hydroxychloroquine now this is an
example of something that I'm going to
tweet which I don't think necessarily is
telling me something interesting I just
don't know what's wrong with it so I
need somebody to tell me so the person
that I'm going to recommend in a moment
so get ready to write this down you
really want to follow this account it's
a really good one comes in and says as
confounder demographics about 89% of the
population of the UAE or X
Pat's and immigrants close to zero that
will be a risky age and I just thought
what why didn't I know that right I knew
there were a lot of expats
in the in the you it in the UAE but I
didn't really put together that if you
are if you're young enough and strong
enough to go to another country just to
be a a physical worker you're probably
exactly the person who doesn't die from
this you're probably not expats is the
wrong word
I think what I the the point is that
most of them are migrant workers mostly
migrant workers and I thought that was a
really good observation so if you were
to compare the UAE to any other country
it wouldn't make any sense at all
because their population is artificial
like it's a completely artificial
population so anyway yeah if your
pencils are ready who here's who you
should follow on Twitter
Andres back house BAC K H aus it's
probably easier just to google him but
his Twitter is andreas Shrugged andreas
spelled AMD r e a s shrugged all one
word shrugged alright he's an economics
PhD now what have I told you about
people who are trained to compare things
somebody who has a PhD in economics is
literally trained to compare things and
chair enough every time he he compares
things it looks reasonable to me
I look at it and say why didn't anybody
else do that why is he the only one
who's comparing things right recently i
somebody tweeted something that was also
a good analysis of another person and i
thought hey why does that make sense and
I checked the profile and he's you some
top economists that's a big bank
okay he's actually trained to compare
things and the moment I read his tweet I
could I could detect it I was like oh
somebody trained to compare things he
did it right
sure enough all right so that's enough
of that I just saw a clip of Joe Biden
on the view explaining his the Tara Reid
stuff and the seven women blah blah blah
and he said I'm sorry it happened what
I'm sorry it happened I'm sorry what
happened I I feel like if you didn't see
that
I just retweeted it I don't know when he
did that interview because I had never
seen it before it looks new ish but it
can't be new new none of them are
wearing masks and they don't seem to be
socially distancing so I don't know when
that came out but you have to watch it
he is so incredibly incompetent I mean
he just sits there like a child who was
babbling it doesn't make any sense at
all and we'll talk about that at a
moment and more about that so I caused a
little trouble yesterday just for fun
because sometimes it's just fun to troll
you also the pictures Abidin visiting
the cemetery he had his mask on he was
carrying a big wreath well the wreath
was a white wreath and as this big round
wreath but it also had a ribbon that
kind of crossed the plane of the of the
the roundness so it looked like a giant
letter q so I tweeted why is Biden
carrying a giant letter a Q and I just
leave it there I just leave it there do
what you like with it but he was
carrying a giant letter Q I point that
out because a lot of the queue theory
that there's somebody named Q who's got
secrets that are being revealed online
the idea is that we
now queue is real because there are so
many coincidences that just could be
coincidences to which I say do you know
how easy it is to find a queue in nature
a queue is probably the most common
accidental thing that could ever happen
all it takes is a circle and something
breaking in the plane that looks like
the little curtain the other little
thing on a queue how often is that going
to happen by accident just in life and
the answer is pretty often pretty often
you know the wreath is just one obvious
example it looks like a giant queue but
a lot of things do so you have to watch
out when you're using coincidences to
prove your theories that's a good
example of it so representative Pat Ilan
Omar has said she believes terror read
the sexual assault claims against Biden
but she's going to vote for him anyway
how delicious is that the representative
a lot Omar believes that the Joe Biden
is a rapist but she's gonna vote for him
anyway
and but but she softened it a little bit
you know she softened it by saying that
he wasn't her first choice as a
candidate she you know she liked Bernie
but that's alright I'll vote for him
anyway
doesn't it it just basically makes
everything that she's ever said just
feel more ridiculous if it wasn't
already ridiculous so there's a little
foreshadowing coming I don't know how
long I'm gonna be teased by the question
of Biden's pick for a vice president
because most of you know that in 2018 I
made the prediction the Cobblers would
be the the primary should win the
primary and be the candidate now of
course when she withdrew from the race
most people said Scott Scott Scott
I guess you're wrong hahaha
you're so wrong she even withdrew from
the race and then I doubled down because
it's what I do if I can't get in enough
trouble naturally I'll double down so I
doubled down and said not only will she
still get the nomination but she's gonna
do it the hard way without running for
office she's gonna be it and I said this
year you picked this vice president and
because of Biden's obvious increasing
incompetence that she would come to
become the top of the ticket now you
have to admit that is the most crazy
prediction anybody ever made because
it's so specific and that's really
specific isn't it it's never happened
before it's very specific and and I
chose a candidate out of a field of I
don't know however many there were a lot
of choices so you'd have to admit if I
get this one right and we don't know yet
I don't think it's like a 50/50 chance I
think there's much more chance you'll
pick somebody else then maybe other
people are thinking because there's
always a with the vice presidency
there's always a surprise but men are
things shaping up that way there's going
to be calmly Harrison so Liz peak writes
in Fox she breaks down you know the the
latest the latest trouble with Biden
when he made the comment about you ain't
black if you don't vote for Joe Biden so
there's quite a bit of blowback from
that I guess there were I guess there
was a recent op-ed in the Washington
Post so there were seven female black
activists that are demanding the Biden
pick a an African American woman as a
running mate basically to make good you
know that now he stepped in it and the
only way he's going to he's going to be
viable as if he does that now okay so
that's one data point that at least some
portion of the African American
community who are also Democrats are
pushing pretty hard for for an
african-american
candidate even Charles blow from the New
York Times so now you've got the
Washington Post ran a opinion piece and
then the New York Times ran an opinion
piece kind of kind of in the same
direction saying and Charles blow saying
that that Biden has misrepresented his
relationship with the black community
and basically say the Biden hasn't been
that tremendous to to the black
community
so Biden's getting a lot of pushback and
I didn't really expect it I have to
admit that I was wrong about the extent
of this what I thought would happen is
that it would just be a news story for
three days the only people were talking
about it would be the people on the
right the Republicans the Conservatives
and the left would just sort of ignore
it because they don't think Biden's a
racist so there's nothing to see here
but I was wrong because it turns out I
had a a gigantic blind spot and maybe
some of you that it too and the blind
spot was s which is how it sounded to
the black community in this country and
I didn't you know you can never really
get inside anybody else's head I always
caution you that you can never really
understand what everybody else is
thinking this is a really good example
if you had told me that Biden's remark
would offend the black Democrats in this
country I would have said now they know
him they know he's on their side they
know he has good intentions if he
misspoke it doesn't mean anything
they're gonna they're just gonna blow it
off that's what I thought but here was
the blind spot somebody says I told you
so Scott anybody who anybody who told me
this is correct the blind spot was this
and it was explained by a few different
people who in in the media which is that
if you are black the the notion that
somebody would start distinguishing
between who's black I hate to use this
phrase but black enough because it
sounds offensive just even using the
phrase
but I was not really keyed him to that
being a big deal meaning that I didn't
connect it with this story I of course
knew that it was a thing I knew it was a
big deal in other contexts but I would
never would have connected this story to
that you know to me Bryden was just
making an offhand comment he wasn't
commenting on that he certainly wasn't
commenting on who's black enough it was
just a comment it was just a bad comment
but sure enough it seems that the black
community is taking this or at least
some portion of it I don't know what
percentage because you never know what
percentage he you always hear the people
who were talking in public you know here
everybody so I don't know a percentage
but I was actually still surprised that
the black community turned on Biden at
least a little bit because that comment
because apparently that's that's a
little extra a little extra bond and I
wouldn't have seen that coming at all
what that was completely invisible to me
so for those of you who say Scott Scott
Scott why don't you ever admit when
you're wrong why can you never admit
you're wrong and I say all the time I do
it all the time I wrote a frickin book
about how wrong I am I'm doing it now so
let's just take a note of it please take
a note of it because the next time
you're mad at me cuz you say you never
you never say you're wrong I'm just
written up for this one there are plenty
of other examples all right here's the
other calmly harris tidbit
so Biden has just hired Cesar Chavez's
granddaughter to be an aide let's see I
don't know what kind of Amy but a top
aide and coincidentally she happened to
be calmly Harris's aide huh so of all
the people in the world that Joe Biden
could pick to have one of his top
political campaign aides the person he
picks is one of komal Harris's ex top
aides huh
it's almost as if
one could imagine just hypothetically
purely speculating here that calmly
Harris is already running the campaign
am I wrong
because it looks to me like calmly
Harris just put her own pic in the top
spot in the campaign do you think that
do you think that that pic was as likely
if he were not going to pick comely
Harris as his VP is it just as likely
probably not I mean it's possible so you
can't you can't make any definitive
statement about this but it feels like
all the hints are moving in the same
direction have you noticed that all the
all the little suggestions over all the
bias the tilting it's all it's all kind
of calmly Harris's direction probably
not a coincidence but we'll find out
there was a fascinating thread today
that I tweeted retweeted by I never know
if it's Stefan or Stephen when there's
the pH because everybody pronounces it
different I'm going to say Stefan
MacIntyre now you might know Stefan as a
he writes about climate science in a
sceptical fashion but don't hold that
against him because this is a different
topic and you did a long tweet on the
our intelligence agencies claim that
Russia
hacked the DNC server and that we know
it and he goes through all of the
information that the government has
released in detail and here's the the
value that he added it's kind of hard to
go through all that stuff because it's
really technical and it's hard to it's
just hard work but you did the hard work
of looking through all the government's
public documents only to find that
there's absolutely no evidence of
Russian hacking
in other words the government released
what it hoped you would think was solid
evidence that they had caught Russia
red-handed and it's document after
document of you know technical things
etc but what it doesn't include is any
direct evidence that Russia hacked and
it takes somebody somebody say Stephanie
is Steven okay so I'm I'm still not sure
there so I apologized to him if I'm
saying his name right so it's either
Steven or Stefan MacIntyre and look look
for my reach we've done that I just
retweeted it this morning
and did you know that were you aware
that there actually isn't any evidence
at least that our government has told us
there isn't any evidence of Russia
hacking hacking it's just considered a
fact did you also know there's no real
evidence that Russia ran Facebook as
that made a difference in the a in the
election it's reported as they
interfered in our election and yeah
there's a Russian troll forum that made
some ads that look like a sixth-grade
project and they spent almost no money
on it and nobody saw them that happened
but it's simply not true that Russia
successfully interfered in our election
by running memes you just have to look
at them to know it's not true you don't
have to be an expert just look at the ad
budget which was trivial and then look
at the beams and you could just look at
him say oh this doesn't make any
difference so two of the biggest claims
from our own intelligence agencies are
either false or certainly there's no
evidence that we can see think about
that which brings me to the poorly
educated I was trying to make a list of
what the poorly educated believe that's
not true now for background I'm using
the phrase poorly educated to refer to
someone who only watches half of the
news either only the stuff that the
mains
News says or only the things on the
right could be the way so if you're in a
news silo where you only see what your
side is telling you you are poorly
educated about life and about the news
and about about the world now that
doesn't mean you're dumb
I'm not insulting you if you're poorly
poorly educated we live in a country in
which there must be at least I don't
know a hundred million people in this
country who are poorly educated I don't
have any bad feelings about any of them
because not everybody wants to be poorly
educated sometimes these things happen
so it's not an insult
it's simply a description the people who
only listen to CNN and you know New York
Times and MSNBC are poorly educated
exactly as some who only watched the
news on the right and somehow managed to
not watch any of the mainstream news
they too would be poorly educated but
there's a really big difference the
people on the right almost always are
exposed to this news on the left because
it's everywhere you can't miss it and
even the news on the right talks about
the news on the left
usually it's debunking it but it talks
about it or somebody says the yeah the
there's 17 intelligence agencies that's
another one so here are some of the
things I put on a list of things that
the poorly educated werba would believe
actually happened that didn't happen
yeah I do remember Trump say he loved
the poorly educated that's where it
comes from so it comes from Trump using
that phrase and it's well you say poorly
informed but really is there a
difference is there a difference between
being poorly informed and poorly
educated I you know poorly informed
would be slightly more technically
accurate but poorly educated is funnier
I had poorly educated is a lot funnier
so we're gonna go with that see if it
moves the needle
there was an interesting story on
persuasion on the topic of picky kids
eating and I know this is not politics
but it's on persuasion and I thought I'd
run this by you and so there's some
experts saying that I think this was on
CNN's site that if you have a picky
eater and you're trying to make your
your kid who is a picky eater if you try
to force them to eat more different
foods that you're probably actually
persuading them to be more picky and the
argument is that every time somebody has
a penalty involving food they want to do
less of it now that's true in every
domain if you give somebody a penalty or
a reward for any behavior over time the
the penalty ones will make you do less
of it there the rewards will make you do
more of an activity there's not really
many ways to be an exception to that
that's one of the rules of life that's
very dependable if you reward something
you're gonna get more of it so if this
this question of the picky eaters the
experts have some suggestions which I
don't know if this would work because
I've experienced picky eaters in my life
you know kids step kids and the idea is
that you just provide them with healthy
food and then let them do whatever they
walked and and now you say to yourself
wait a minute I've seen a picky eater as
a kid if I provide them a plate of
healthy food they just won't eat it they
just won't so what do you do do you
starve your kid well I guess the
technique goes like this
you give them their healthy food but you
might also have something on it that's
you know mac and cheese or basically the
one thing the kid is going to eat
chicken nuggets back and cheese grapes
cheerios basically all picky eaters just
see if those those things cheese and and
here's what they found and this was this
was the part that I found the most
interesting
that you have to expose a kid at least
12 times to a new unfamiliar food before
the kid will even really consider eating
it if they're a picky eater and when
they talk about exposing the kid to it
they mean literally just putting it on
the plate not telling them they have to
eat it
not penalizing them not making them stay
at the table just put it on the plate
in other words get them actually just
comfortable being around it now you'd
say to yourself how in the world is that
gonna make a picky eater eat that food
but you you can't underestimate how much
of a copying species we are so the
second part of that is that the adults
eat the food so let's say you're trying
to get your kid to eat broccoli kids
actually usually like broccoli but let's
say that's the food if you just put the
broccoli on their plate and let them
ignore it don't give them the penalty
because it's the penalty that makes
things worse you just let it happen then
you have your own broccoli and you're
sitting at the same table and you're
like and love my broccoli can I have
another helping of broccoli and you just
let it go and you know it might be 12
times before the kid has his first blade
of broccoli maybe you suggest it if they
don't want it they don't have it but
that's the idea do you think that would
work somebody said you are not a parent
yes I am a parent I did raise two
stepkids and they were both picky eaters
so believe me this is a topic I know a
lot about from parenting and so so I
just put this out here I'm not sure that
I'm buying the story that this would
work but I think that that there's
enough good persuasion thinking in it
that is worth reporting so that so that
the takeaways here is that people are
copiers and the kids will eventually
copy their parents you just can't push
it and that simply exposing them to it
and letting them find their own way
that'll get there I don't know that it
doesn't match with my experience to
assume that the kids would ever get
there my my experience says that they're
just never gonna get there but it could
be wrong alright does it seem to you
that there are a lot of Karen stories
lately and I'm trying to figure out if
there always been there or if there's
something happening I feel as if all the
stories are about some kind of a woman
of a certain age it was usually a white
woman does she have to be a white woman
to be a Karen and I don't even know how
much of an insult it is to call anybody
I care in these days it's is it isn't is
that forbidden now I don't even know if
it's bad anymore but the idea is that
Karen is a hypothetical person who's
always complaining to the manager and it
feels like there's just a lot of that
going on now right you most of you saw
the story about the woman who called the
police because there was quote an
african-american man taking pictures of
her illegally letting her dog off a
leash and while she's complaining she's
choking her dog on the leash apparently
she lost her dog they got taken away
from her aunt her job she got fired
because she actually was on film while
this gentleman was filming her because
he had complained a better dog being off
leash which was a perfectly legitimate
complaint apparently and he was just he
was hair as a birdwatcher he was just
there to watch birds and he complained
and and she says I'm gonna call the
police and tell them there's an African
American man who is I don't know taking
filming me or threatening me or
something and I'm thinking she was on
camera his camera was actually running
quite obviously she knew she was being
filmed and she said to an African
American man I'm gonna call the police
and tell them an African American man is
I forget what she said filming me or
threatening me or something I'm thinking
what was the African a mirror
and part of that well why was that
important to the story well why did you
need to throw that in there Karen so of
course that's what got her fired and
then I see that there's Kara Kara kar a
Swisher writes in the New York Times
that Twitter needs to quote Twitter must
cleanse the Trump stain now probably
Kara did not write that headline that's
probably the New York Times put a
headline on it for her but that's what
they thought her article were saying
it's an opinion piece the Twitter must
cleanse the Trump stain maybe she used
that phrase I didn't see it but the idea
is that they need to set up some kind of
a external group or committee or some
kind of a guidance group that would
determine you know who could say things
on Twitter and I'm thinking to myself I
don't know if we need a Bureau of bureau
of truth you know as soon as you start
going in that direction doesn't
everything just go to hell you know I
have to admit that I appreciate Jack
Dorsey's commitment to letting even bad
stuff on Twitter because if you try to
get rid of the bad stuff there's just no
way it's gonna go any other direction
than getting rid of too much of the good
stuff and watching somebody complain
about who can say what on Twitter
especially the president is a very
caring moment it just doesn't feel like
it just doesn't feel like we should be
setting up a board of truth to monitor
the social media networks because I
don't know how that could possibly work
since we don't agree what truth is
anyway there just seems more of that in
the news I told you I was going to
protect you from the robots I have an
idea for that it's on the back all right
here is your robot defense strategy for
the future because as you know the
robots will come take your jobs they're
taking your jobs
as South Park likes to say they take it
your jobs alright so here's your
strategy to defend yourself from the
robot takeover which is of course coming
and when I say the takeover I don't
necessarily mean they'll be running the
government hey baby baby who knows but
the robots will definitely be taking a
lot of jobs if you've got a manual labor
job the robots are going to take it if
you've got even a thinking job robots
are going to take it but maybe maybe you
can hold down a little bit longer if you
have it what I'll call a creative job
now creative job in this context doesn't
mean you're an artist it doesn't mean
that you're doing what I do doesn't mean
you're writing or making art or creating
art like that what it means is that you
have a talent stack you've put together
a number of different talents and as I
think it was James Altucher came up with
this idea that ideas have sex meaning
that if you combine two ideas they'll
often make you think of a new idea
robots can't do that and I don't know if
they'll ever be able to do it because
there's something that robots at lack
they lack a body and your body acts as
your sensor your body your actual
physical body tells you if something is
a good idea to other humans that's the
key I have a better sense of what
another human being would like even
though I'm wrong lots of times I have a
way better sense than robot wood robot
doesn't know what other people are gonna
like if they've never seen it before so
I can do this and this is something a
robot can't do I can say hey I've got
some experience in economics and I've
got some experience and photography I'm
just going to pick two random things and
I've noticed that in the field of
economics and the field of photography
there's something that they both do that
makes me think of a new idea something
that's not in economics and not in
photography it's sort of a merger of
those two
he is and now I have a new idea how do I
know my new idea is worth pursuing
because I can feel it that that's the
suggestion that I make for all creators
if you're coming up with ideas and
you're cycling through ideas see how it
feels because if people don't feel your
idea first of all if you don't feel that
nobody else is going to feel it so if
people don't feel it they're not going
to act on it
those are the ones that matter robots
don't have bodies and they're not
they're not going to be able to feel a
good idea so to protect yourself from
the robots in the future get a creative
job that doesn't mean you're an artist
you could be still you know doing
cubicle work but you're creative because
you've added a talent stack to a tell
and stack you know you've added skills
to your talent stack until those skills
can have sex and create new ideas that a
robot never could have come up with so
this is your special advantage so make
sure you're building your skill stack
because if you only have one manual
labor thing you do you're going to be
replaced if you have even a thinking job
that's just one you know one domain all
I do is think about let's say insurance
actuarial risk that's all I think about
computers gonna do that someday your
computer's going to do that
so I would also say that any kind of
technology engineering development job
is a creative job because if you do a
start-up for example you're usually
combining ideas from different places to
to come up with your idea alright
planning is creative that's true
planning is a creative process I'm just
looking at your comments here somebody
says that robot Caryn's will well come
up somebody says send Christina in my
love and hope she has an awesome day
well I'll send her my love
all right but I'll do that
robots are already writing top 40 music
no not really not really I don't believe
we've seen a top 10 or a top 40 hit from
a computer or an algorithm so I'd say
not really did I do a drawing lesson I
have not done enjoying lessons but I
will who fixes the robots if they break
other robots other robots could fix
robots that break if they're just fixing
an existing model what other robots
might not be able to do is invent a
better robot they might not be able to
do that all right that's all I got for
now I will talk to you you don't win
tonight