bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody come
on in
it's time for a coffee with Scott Adams
and I hope that although your normal
schedule is probably altered a little
bit I hope that you have made time for
this most important important critical
really almost emergency simultaneous up
and it's gonna happen now because I
think you need it I think we all need it
there's nothing we need but a little bit
of normal behavior
um amid all the craziness and all you
need to enjoy the simultaneous sip as a
cup or a mug or a class of tanker
chalice or Stein a canteen geography
Oscar vessel live I think kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure
the dopamine hit of the day thing that
will make everything better
including the coronavirus we're gonna
get this thing oh yeah we're gonna get
it and when I say get it I mean beat it
not necessarily get it although you
might get it and that you'll beat it too
because if you've enjoyed the
simultaneous up you're stronger than
most people you know it sip now
well I continue on my system you know I
talk about systems being better than
goals my goal is to stay alive my goal
is not just to stay alive for myself but
to not be a burden on the healthcare
system and if I can take myself out of
that well there's one more one more
ventilator for somebody else
it's in my system there's a nice long
walk every day mild exercise light
weights eat right really clean you know
I just took sugar completely out of my
diet I'm eating clean clean clean I'm
sleeping right and I'm taking time off
from social media
now I do because it's important to stay
connected
I'm not taking an entire day off anytime
but I find and you might find this too
that there are periods in the day where
I just have to not look at anything for
an hour I just I just have to exist in
my space without the outside world
intruding on my thoughts just for an
hour
few times a day keep your keep your
stress down
I'm helping doing it right now
w feel more relaxed listening to me you
know you do do you think it's
intentional of course it is I do this
intentionally to make you more relaxed
and I guarantee that most of you are a
little bit more relaxed when you listen
to me it's not an accident
there is technique everywhere in the
world and sometimes you don't recognize
it alright the stock market is doing a
stock market thing of trying to scare us
because it always does that I'm not
worried
whatsoever about a generally falling
stock market do you know what really
really bothers me when the stock market
is going up and I'm not in it really
bothers me when the entire stock market
goes down my my share of the world if
you will
stays about the same and when it goes
back my share of the world will go up
with the share of the world because I'm
broadly diversified yeah the world has
to do well for me to do well there's no
exception to that so I'm not worried at
all about the stock market and if you're
in the stock market and you think you'll
you know be alive for more than two
years I think most do you will you
should not be too afraid either because
the big companies are not going to go
out of business and that's mostly where
your money should be in the top 500
companies or at least widely distributed
so don't worry about the stock market
the stock market will do its thing and
it will be back I got lots more good
news coming and my good news is sort of
the good news that's common
as opposed to the good news is here
because this will be a tough day
tomorrow will be tough somebody says I'm
starting to lose it I even woke up angry
exercise if you're physically angry and
you know that it's something you need to
get into control go wear yourself out
just and get outside ideally outside
being in the house when you're stressed
is not help and get out take a long walk
that's what I say to you all right
let's talk about the food supply I
tweeted an article from Joel Pollak who
looked into the food supply pipeline
because if you see empty shelves on your
grocery store how do you feel ah you
know society is collapsing exactly the
opposite exactly the opposite Society is
doing anything but collapsing it's
evolving
and it hurts but you know sometimes the
growth does right sometimes it's hard to
do the thing you need to do but society
is not collapsing society is evolving
and is hardening and it's getting
smarter and it's getting more connected
what you don't notice is that you don't
notice that but I'll talk about that so
first of all your food supplies the last
thing you should worry about and here's
why there's no risk to it the the
hoarding is a super short-term thing
because I had no effect on the supply
the total supply of farms and farm goods
and products exactly the same well no
that's that's lie is not exactly the
same as way more right now our pipeline
according to all information we have you
know there we're not hearing any stories
of a farm closed or a or you know a
trucking company can't ship the goods
we're not hearing any stories like that
which by the way if we can't cross state
lines I don't know how that's gonna work
but probably there will be exceptions
for food
and so the point is when you look at the
scary shelves just understand that the
entire weight of the civilizations
you know successes that the entire
capability of the United States is still
just as strong for producing and
delivering it to you
the harder part will be if people can
keep their incomes up and I think you'll
probably see something like a universal
basic income something like that now
restaurants poor little restaurants are
gonna get whacked but I think this might
be another situation where we're
evolving more than collapsing because
for every server you know every every
hostess every server at a restaurant
surely we need another delivery person
right so here's what I'm doing for my
local restaurants so I'm I'm door
dashing now yes yes yes yes I get it
it's a rich person thing now all of you
can't all afford to door - I get that it
adds a cost on top of a cost on top of a
cost but I can and you know even though
my income will get whacked as you know
percentage-wise as much as the rest of
you maybe more I'll still have enough to
the door - so during these times when it
makes more sense to try to think of all
of your actions in terms of how they
affect other people you know this is a
time to think about that I'm gonna adore
- the hell out of my area so that my
local restaurants are getting at least
at least that much business and here's
the other advantage let's say you and
again this is only for people who have
the wherewithal to do it I'm not
recommending you know if money's tight I
don't recommend this at all
but one way that I can protect your food
supply is by door - so you know if
you've got some extra food and you're
saying oh I hope this is enough well one
of the way I can help make it be an
office I'll get my food directly from
the restaurant who apparently have
plenty of supply that's partly what Joel
Pollock found out
his article in Breitbart you can find
that Breitbart or you can find it at my
Twitter feed so food don't worry about
it and I would say the same with paper
goods and stuff we there's just some
temporary craziness but the pipeline has
plenty of paper you know nobody stopped
cutting down trees as far as the mill
you should be aware that in this time of
you know great uncertainty etc and when
the news is you know we're in this
continuous fog of our situation
you should expect a lot of
disinformation some of it will be just
dumb people saying dumb stuff that's bad
enough but you should expect that
countries which do not love us are going
to be spreading some disinformation and
there's there's reason to believe we've
already seen it so there's a rumor going
around that the government has already
talked about or decided to do some kind
of martial law situation with a total
lockdown where you can't leave your
house I've that's not true but is
apparently people are getting texts
string you know strings of text messages
about it so here's my suggestion don't
believe anything you hear from an
anonymous source during this situation
it's true all the time you should never
believe it in front of a source but just
know that we're in a situation where
we're perceived to be vulnerable by our
enemies and if they're on their game
they should be seeding us with bad
terror stories so that our civilization
will be destroyed so just don't believe
anything on its face value that looks
like it's coming from some unknown
source about somebody who talked to
somebody so that's that's a caution
which is really important I saw some
photos that Disneyland was packed this
weekend is that real because again fake
news is going to be so prevalent now
that you just have to distrust every
photograph every tweet I'm also seeing
tweets from what appeared to be
individuals or doctors at hospitals
talking about how bad things are at
their Hospital I've seen at least one
from Italy I've seen one from Seattle
there's reason to believe if those are
not real now we do think the Italy's in
bad shape
but if you see anything that looks like
I'm a doctor here's my thread of how bad
things are in my specific Hospital we're
piling bodies in the street it might not
be true and indeed what that happened
recently there was a Seattle doctor who
had one of those threads about about it
was and when people check in on on the
hospital they said it's bad but not like
that
so we know that those can be either
misleading or outright false so watch
out for those so any individual that
doesn't have a second source you know
such as a news source that says oh my
god yes you know this we're seeing the
same thing just don't believe it yet or
at all here's a question for you what
are you doing about playdates so talk to
dr. drew yesterday online under the
asked dr. drew livestream and you know
kids are gonna be a real problem but
here's here's a potential way to go if
you're wondering what to do about it
it's it's almost cruel and unusual to
lock up a kid in a house for three
months adults maybe we can handle it
it's going to be tough for a kid it's
gonna be really tough and what I suggest
is that maybe they find one special
friend with a family that you know is
doing good German you know good virus
protection stuff as well talk parent to
parent make sure you've got a similarly
strict situation in both households you
know wash your hands when you come in
that sort of thing
parents staying home from work whatever
and then say all right you can play with
you know your friend Timmy as much as
you want but that's it you know you you
know or you know maybe a few houses like
that but one at a time
because if you if you you can get a kid
to agree to one friend but getting them
to agree to not seeing a friend for
three months it's going to be nothing
but a terror in your own household so
you've got enough of a external threat
you don't want to turn your own children
into an internal threat because you know
they're gonna they're kind of they're
gonna get out of your nerves too and you
don't want your nerves to be broken in
this situation so stay strong all right
here's the situation on ventilators
there's still a little bit of lack of
clarity here and here's the situation
and again Joel Pollak reported on this
the us and ventilator manufacturers at
least one of them have got had received
a lot of inquiries but not a lot of
orders and I wasn't sure what was going
on with that like why would it make
sense that there are not a lot of orders
for new ventilators especially since all
the parts apparently are available in
the United States and one of the answers
but I think it's an incomplete answer is
that as dr. drew explained yesterday on
his show the hospital is actually in the
United States we can flex better than
other places and in particular
apparently every operating room has a
ventilator that they use for the
operations and if you know given that
will probably be postponing a lot of
elective surgery we can repurpose them
so first of all there's a bunch of
unused ones that will just be sitting
there that we can put into production
pretty quickly secondly apparently the
military has a lot of them and they
could temporarily be used for this
purpose because we're not at a major war
except against the virus so that would
give us you know little flexibility that
other countries clearly don't have I
mean there's no other country I would
imagine who has any kind of military
gear that military healthcare gear
that's anything close to what the United
States would have but I also hear and I
don't have confirmation on that that the
United States might be look
to put some orders in for ventilators
now I don't know who does the math on
this stuff and says well how much is
enough and how much is not enough uh
ventilators but I think we're in a do
everything and do it hard at the
situation I don't think we're in a
situation where we should be saying you
know we might have enough ventilators or
we probably have enough or we're almost
certain we have enough ventilators
that's not the place we're in we're in
the place if you if there's any chance
we need ventilators any at all guess and
ventilators so I hope the government is
looking to do that I have a question I'm
going to put out here publicly um I
think I can find the right person in the
government but I've been asked and it's
weird how this world works you know
every citizen is sort of entering the
fight if they can you know so I'm in the
fight with with all of you and people
have asked me one person in particular
who shall be temporarily not named but
probably later asked who when the
government can make the decision to buy
more masks more gloves more more
equipment because an individual is
actually just spontaneously organized
with others to look at some factories to
convert them like a wartime footing to
emergency produce masks and gloves and
other euros
I don't know sanitizers other things
that one might need so here we have you
know American individuals who have were
starting to build factories without the
government's help oh my god the the the
capability in this country is is just
incredible
but here's my question to you so you can
you can join in if you know how to help
who in our government can say yes to
writing a check for more mass more
equipment more anything is there anybody
in the government who's the emergency
budget person who gets to say okay
that's in the budget that's not in the
budget we got we got
million dollars that's in that's out so
well somebody says Congress but I didn't
name
I need a you know I need a name and
phone number basically so if he DM that
to be if somebody has some contacts just
said in my way most of you know how to
contact me I'm pretty easy to contact go
to LinkedIn if all else fails alright so
in Italy here's an inspirational story
Italy was running short on ventilators
but they had three ventilators that were
missing a part I think it was the same
part it might not have been but it was
missing a part it's pretty hard to get
apart these days for a ventilator I
would guess so they brought in a local
company with a 3d printer and the local
company looked at the bar engineered it
and 3d printed it right there oh my god
humans you know it's like watching I you
know I hate to say it because there's
you know so much death and misery but
it's like watching a sporting event
where individual players are making
great plays and you know bringing the 3d
printer people to make you an emergency
part for your ventilator that's like
that's like curry passing behind the
back you know under the legs of the
opponent for the layup these are serious
people doing serious things and I'm
amazed and impressed so and of course
Google is stepped up to do the
coronavirus website you know we can
complain about whether it is or is not
on time or what the president said but
it's people doing the things they need
to do at least 35 companies and academic
institutions are rushing to create a
vaccine at least four have tested it on
animals already this is amazing
we've never seen anything like this and
it'll say Moderne moderna biotech
company in Massachusetts has already
shipped the first batches
for testing I guess and you know here's
my take
human engineer ingenuity I'll say this
I'll say this a thousand times until you
until you all have this picture in your
head we all know the virus has this you
know this curve where it's gonna start
slow and like we're not worried and then
oh my god it's a panic and that's you
know we're sort of in that and that
dangerous part of the curve but human
ingenuity looks just like that just like
that and our curve will be faster than
the virus because of the things we're
doing and I heard somebody smarter say
we're not we're not self-quarantine and
shutting everything down because it's a
crisis it's a it is a crisis it's not
because of the virus it's because we
want to avoid the virus it's sort of the
positive way to look at it the reason
we're doing the shutdowns is because
we're gonna avoid the problem not
because we have the problem I know it's
a small small change but I like it
better that way and you're seeing human
ingenuity at at the L maybe I'd call it
the elbow
you know our curve is going like this -
we're gathering and gathering
information we're a/b testing we're
testing we're testing we're building
labs we're building factories we're
testing building factories we're trying
stuff we're right in the elbow we're
right we're right in that little
u-shaped part where we've been flat for
three months because you know we've
known about the virus three months four
months however long we've known about it
but so little information and it's wrong
information and you're not sure and
China is not telling us stuff but now
the information is coming in the fog is
starting to clear human capability is
being put on this thing like nobody's
business somebody passed around a quote
attributed to me but it's not really my
quote I quote was somebody else but I
don't know who said it first
so I am mistakenly credited for this
quote but I'm only a fan of it and and
it goes like this if you want something
find out the price and then pay it now
as basic as that sounds we so often
don't do that that it sounds startling
to hear that that's a way to success
this coronavirus is is presenting people
all over the world with this proposition
what do you want I want to be I want to
get rid of this coronavirus from the
world you really is that what you want
do you really want it yeah yeah before I
was a little ambiguous little ambivalent
let's say but right now 100 percent
that's what I want once you know what
you want and you're not wondering
anymore
and that's where we're all at at this
point that's a decision it's one thing
to want the virus to go away we have
past wanting it to go away we are in
deciding to make it go away
and that's different because once you
decide you'll do anything and you see
that happening
people will do anything we're watching
our healthcare professionals some of
them getting infected I guess there are
two emergency doctors just reported were
badly infected and having some problems
pretty bad ones and when you see our
medical professionals run toward danger
these people are better than us you know
there they are your standard you should
look at the doctors who are doing this
stuff the nurses too and they know
they're not completely protected they
know their risk and they're doing it
anyway they are the they are our best
heroes right now by far so use that as
your standard for what - for what what
to do as a citizen because you might be
asked to do something that hard you know
maybe you already are but not that hard
you will be asked to make that kind of a
tough decision just remember we're not
we're not at wanting wanting was before
we're at deciding
get yourself out of wanting and get into
deciding because it's easier it's more
effective let's decide to kill it the
virus that is one way or another all
right
here's an ugly truth that I tweeted and
this this gets to this is related to
human ingenuity but it's also related to
deciding versus wanting what I'm going
to describe is possible in any other
world you would never even consider this
alright so what I'm going to suggest
right now is ugly and you don't want it
but we're past the wanting phase we're
now at decision phase imagine if you
could imagine if the government demanded
that anyone who sold a ticket to any
large event for this weekend had to give
the government their data we want to
know the names of anybody who was let's
say unwise enough to take themselves
into a crowded situation now some places
don't have tickets let's say a crowded
bar but there probably are credit-card
receipts because we're a credit card
kind of a world it wouldn't get
everybody some people are cash some
people don't buy drinks but the credit
cards will get a lot now let's say you
you compare those a lists of names of
people who clearly were in large groups
recently if you add to that facial
recognition something like the Clear
View app somebody says absolutely not
we're just talking here so you know I
don't I don't have a decision on any of
this so you don't need to complain to me
I'm just telling you what we could do
all right what we could do yes is have
an app in every citizen's hand by the
end of the week it's possible in which
you could just take a picture of your
kids your kids friend you
or they come over the house you said
you're you say to your kid who's the
friend that you you want to hang out
with today just one-on-one and this adds
my friend Timmy show me a picture of
Timmy Boop
Timmy's family just came back from
Disneyland nope sorry Timmy should have
told you that but Timmy did not Timmy's
a kid you didn't know to tell you that
so you know I don't even have to look at
the comments to hear you say no no big
brother were past that you want privacy
we're past that we're past wanting were
in to deciding if we decide to get rid
of the virus we have tools their
grotesque tools their expensive tools
their tools we may have trouble getting
back in the you know the toothpaste back
in the tube I guess it's a tube of
toothpaste but we have tools so just
know that all right um so a poll that
said who do you think would be the best
pick for Vice President and it was an
emerson poll and Harris got the most
votes
20% second most votes was yang Oh
so Andrew yang of course very capable
person did exceeded expectations in the
race but dropped out but he was learning
apparently with the rest of us that his
penis disqualifies him for public office
and how would you like to be Andrew yang
he joined a team team Democrat you
fought for months and months you lost
sleep you worked hard you fought and
fought for your team and then your team
said thank you very much Andrew yang
thanks for being part of the process now
we're going to pick a vice president but
we're only going to choose from among
people who do not have a penis like you
do Andrew yang
so the yang Wang I call it hashtag yang
Wang has disqualified him for for a
potential but you know thank goodness if
he can't be vice president because he
has a penis at least he can you know be
nominated for the Supreme Court okay he
can't be nominated for the Supreme Court
because he has a penis and he's not
black because that's what Joe Biden said
you said it's gonna be a woman it's
gonna be a black one now I applaud him
the you know the attitude I applaud the
attitude that you know we should have a
Supreme Court that looks like the
country that's not a bad that's not a
bad thing in fact it's a good thing but
how was he under yang feel about that
you know the the thing about being
liberal is that it's a great idea until
somebody comes for your stuff until
somebody comes for your stuff it's easy
to be liberal because you're giving away
other people's stuff but Andrew yang and
they just came for your stuff how does
it feel and while I don't think you're
ready to be a Republican the Democrats
did throw you under a bus ran over you
and then backed up over here to make
sure the job was done because it's not
enough that you have a penis you also
have the wrong ethnicity for your own
party sorry let's see now
what else we got going on here I want I
watched much of the debate last night
and I'm wondering if you had the same
response that I did which is I don't
care because the coronavirus is so big
in terms of other the mental you know
load that it puts on me
that my normal high level of interest in
presidential politics was maybe I know
25% of normal
I couldn't get interested now part of it
is I don't think either of them can be
Trump so I'm not sure that it matters I
don't know if it matters what they say
but did you also have the same
experience that that it didn't it didn't
draw you in didn't feel like didn't feel
like it was important anymore which is
weird
now I hope that we get back to a point
where that feels like it's important but
here are some of the comments I saw
online and I plan to keep my my gallows
humor through the coronavirus so I'm
just telling you right now sooner or
later you know somebody's going to try
to come at me with the pitchforks and
torches because I made a joke and that's
an emergency and you made a joke but I'm
telling you right now I'm not going to
lose my sense of humor during the
coronavirus so if you don't like it this
would be not the place to be but I here
are some things that people said about
the debate last night this one maybe
laugh out loud that somebody just said
dentures were flying dentures were
flying that's such a that's such a clean
and crisp visual that captures so much
of the situation yep dentures were
flying somebody else said I think
Donnell ER I forgot was that the first
one but Donnell are on Twitter said
final score the aneurysms and dementia 9
heart attack 8 which is funny because
the candidates were starting to see them
by their medical conditions right if you
look at Trump what do you think of well
it's a haircut
yeah billionaire I think it is your
personality or whatever but when you see
Burt
and Biden together debating don't you
guide to think about their health
especially during the coronavirus so we
got two candidates who were being
defined by their health problems running
against the most capable politician you
know in our time with that said I have
to be honest about this because we're in
an emergency situation I've created the
president's messaging on this you know
being muddled and getting some facts
wrong and stuff so it wasn't building
confidence he has the wrong personality
for this situation he's a he's a just a
natural salesperson and politician and
all that but just doesn't fit the
problem and I'd been hoping to see him
adjust because everybody's adjusting
right you know that's what we do well as
a species we adjust were really good
adjusters and the president appear
apparently has adjusted apparently he
has he has adjusted and III didn't see
it but I understood the president okay
yesterday's event where they were just
updating the public I think he just sort
of made some introductory comments and
then let the experts talk exactly what I
wanted to see it's exactly what I wanted
to say so the country needs to know that
the government is you know hearing it
and then it's responding in real-time
I think that gut I think the country
spoke as one you know of course there
were some hardcore Republicans who were
just you know in the president's camp
but those of us were just trying to be
helpful I think we we spoke as one and
said all right mr. president with all
due respect your messaging on this is
just not a good fit you know maybe maybe
you could let let the people who are you
know the experts of this be more of the
messaging and it appears he's done that
right it appears he has done that so do
you feel more confident when your public
has a concern your government hears it
you can see a response in real-time this
to be the right as a response you should
feel good about that and and I'm gonna
remind you over and over and over again
that the normal ways civilization creeps
forward is by making mistakes in quickly
correcting them in an emergency you
should see more mistakes because you
know for all the right reasons you know
the timing is compressed etc you should
see an enormous amount of mistakes in
the beginning but you need to see fast
correction are we seeing fast correction
from our government yeah
we are we're seeing it really well I
would say so you know you can always
argue something should it be been faster
and I wrote about that in my book looser
think that you'll just always can say
that there's nothing that's good that
you can't say should it happen faster so
if you hear the people saying here's my
career to saya criticism something
should have happened faster they're not
legitimate players that's not a
legitimate comment could be true could
be true because everything could be done
faster but it's not a legitimate
criticism because it's a universal truth
that everything could be done sooner so
let's let's representing fast correcting
their problems
shout out to representative Gilliam who
went into alcohol rehab I have a little
rule it goes like this roughly speaking
if somebody does you know batter
embarrassing behavior in public I'm not
above having a good time with it and
thinking well you know it's their own
damn fault
and in a political world of course you
know we're more likely to make fun of
the side that that you're not supporting
but when somebody goes into alcohol
rehab and I think this is legitimate I
I'd be surprised very surprised if this
is some kind of an act in which he's
pretending to be an alcoholic or
something but when I see somebody make
that move he did it publicly and and by
the way I don't believe any of his story
about what happened I don't believe any
of that but I also don't care do I care
I mean that's between him and his
his family I care about his family then
but I don't care about it personally it
doesn't affect me but he wanted to tell
alcohol rehab and here's my rule
I always praise people who would make
that step no exceptions
doesn't matter what you did before that
if you can make that step and and you're
willing to you know take the you know
take the heat of admitting it in public
especially although in this case it
probably helps them I just say
congratulations and and thank you
congratulations and thank you it would
work
now that's all I want to say about Indra
Gilliam and now he needs to go work on
himself but I want him to know at least
from one person that at this moment I'm
in that decision I'm completely
supportive and I appreciate it and I
have full respect for that how many
people have died how many doctors have
died from past flus now as we're trying
to figure out how much is the right
amount of being worried and how much we
should not be worried one of the
questions I have is is this typical that
in the past we were having doctors were
dying from treating just regular flu
because they had to be happening
somewhere right because the regular flu
can't also take people out and some
doctors would be older you know over 60
etc is but I think these are actually
younger doctors but is this a reporting
phenomenon in other words is it is it
true that every year there are you know
we lose a few doctors actually dying to
the flu does that happen every year and
we just don't we don't report it because
it seems more like the baseline and are
we over reporting some specific things
that are certainly worrisome and you
know it doesn't mean we should treat the
the the situation any less seriously but
I'm just wondering if the when we're
about the doctors who are dying if if
any of this is
because it hasn't there's more reporting
about it it's just a question
but the seriousness of course should not
be underestimated and the reason that
matters the reason it matters to us is
that I would like to know the odds of
dying if I get it and the only way I
would know that this is know how many
infected people are not having problems
so if you tell me Scott it is very
normal for doctors to be dying during
the flu season from catching the flu
it's just you know it's low percentage
we don't report it it's just sort of
baseline the badness if I knew that and
I knew that what I was seeing about
these doctors dying was just more of
that then that would give me a little
more comfort than if I get it I'm not
going to die so it has to do with our
national state of mind which is
important because this is you know in a
way what we're having is an information
in psychology problem and you know you
have to treat it that way as well as a
health and physical problem but I'd like
to know if more doctors more young
doctors especially are dying from this
flu than from last flus because that
would that would give me some
information you know should I contract
it from that point on and what are my
odds that would give me some information
all right what about what about maybe
I've already talked about this one let's
talk about Bernie and Biden you know
again I you just watched to happen in
real time I'm so uninterested in Biden
and Bernie Sanders that I just forgot to
talk about it was like the big news that
wasn't the virus last night the biggest
news and literally just forgot to talk
about here but I'll go back to it what I
saw
you know I refer to it as a pillow fight
in the nursing home and the reason I
called it that is that there was a lot
of activity you know they were they were
loudly passionately talking about his
stuff but it felt like two old men just
go ah ha and they were punching as hard
as they could but it was sort of like a
pillow fight punch it felt to me that
there were no no real blows landed now
if you were a partisan you would look at
and say oh yeah
there was that time that Bernie cornered
him on that and that lie yeah nobody
cares and that was a time Biden you know
did that good thing and he really he
really showed his presidential mm-hmm
yeah maybe nobody cares here's my here's
my summary of it that my summary is that
because Biden didn't lose he won Biden
looked better than I've seen him I have
to admit but I didn't looked healthier
than I've seen him wasn't third I missed
the first part but somebody said he
coughed did that happen because he
didn't go off for the rest of the the
event but I was waiting to see if there
was a video of it I saw that hashtag
Biden cough was trending and then I
looked for it but I haven't seen the
video yet so can anybody tell me in the
comments did that cough look like it was
a problem golf or did it look like you
know just a dry throat I've been talking
all day kind of cough which we all have
so I don't know so I would say Biden won
because Bernie probably wasn't trying to
win it look that way Bernie was pretty
clear that if he didn't get it he would
help Joe Biden and that's a lot easier
because Joe Biden apparently is stealing
Bernie's platform
which was a good play if apparently you
know so Biden wants to do some kind of
free college for some kinds of people
situation and he's basically just
stealing one of Bernie's biggest biggest
things now here's an interesting thought
I just want to put this in your I was a
cleared throat cough or a coughed off
camera I said I heard some throat
clearing coughing off-camera but I
thought it was Bernie because I think it
happened to one Biden was talking so
that's just an open question I don't
think there's a reason to think there's
a specific risk because of that but we
should watch that so does it seem
interesting to you that Elizabeth Warren
is out of the race she has not endorsed
anybody and bited him just picked up her
major one of her major signature pieces
which is the student debt forgiveness is
there any possibility that Elizabeth
Warren will be the vice presidential
pick for Biden because it feels like
he's at least considering it because if
you were going to negotiate with
Elizabeth Warren to be your vice
president could you bring her on the
ticket if you had nothing that she
wanted probably not it could be the
Biden is prepping the nation for
bringing word on his vice president
that's possible now I think it's a
losing ticket if he asked me I think
that that would cost him too much of the
black vote I think yeah I think she's
you know unlikable in a number of ways
she's too old to be a vice president in
my opinion I don't think we should be
picking vice presidents that are gonna
be in their 70s that makes no sense at
all and especially in the you know in
the middle of a situation where a virus
is killing older people can you really
have a vice president who's going to be
in her 70s really is that how you
protect the country by having a vice
president
it was 70 years old I think she's 69 now
and so I don't see it you know I don't
see it as a good strategy but the fact
that Biden took Warren's you know one of
Warren's signature things it could be he
was just trying to decapitate earth I'm
sorry kneecap birdie but give something
to Bernie's supporters which would also
explain it but Elizabeth Warren is
suspiciously silent lately so can't rule
it out I'm still going to say common law
Harris
Coble Harris has always been my first
prediction but all and I'll stay with it
all right anything else happened for
those of you who stayed to the end I'm
gonna I'm gonna tell you a story I've
never told before and the reason I've
never told it is because it couldn't be
told there's a category of stories that
can never be told until the situation is
just right and this is it and I wouldn't
tell this story unless I thought it
would help
some people so I'm gonna tell this story
with the the advanced knowledge that
maybe 80% of you are going to say Oh
Scott
are you losing it a little bit I am not
buying any of that I'm not even sure
that's true Scott did you just make up
that story so 80% of you are not going
to have the experience that I'm trying
to give the 20% know that in advance but
it won't worry you you know you're
you're not going to be worse off for it
and you will be interested 20% of you
don't operate on a strictly rational
logical basis that's what we're going to
talk to 20% if you live in more of a
let's say if it were your own words
you'd probably say it was a spiritual
world you know where all things are
possible maybe there's a new age part of
you
to speak to you the people who still
allow some mystery about how things work
those of you who think we live in the
mechanical cause-and-effect world and
you've you've got a good grasp of all of
that this won't this won't be good for
you this is for the other 20% and it
goes like this the only thing I'll
promise you and then we're gonna look
right in the camera and promise you this
I'm not making up any of this I could be
wrong I mean I could have some facts
wrong and could have some false memory
but I promise you none of this is made
up at least at least consciously you
know for most of my life I've seen my
future in advance right 80% of you just
said oh god I don't like where this is
going I don't know why I don't have a
theory on it it's just an experience
I'll give you an example in my early
early youth I saw myself as a famous
cartoonist now I became one what are the
odds of becoming a famous cartoonist
well the odds of being a successful
cartoonist are pretty low the odds of
being a famous one are really low oh how
many famous cartoonists can you name
right maybe 20 and and and the other 19
of them probably started way before I
did you know they're already sort of
just famous people from the past in many
cases so to become a famous current
cartoonist what are the odds now if that
were if this were the only part of my
story I would say okay Scott Scott
that's easy to explain it's the thing
you wanted you had the capability you
work for it you got it you know and and
if you had not succeeded we wouldn't be
listening to you so there's there's also
a survivor bias thing built into there
but it's not the only part of my story I
also had a vision
of a house I would live him years in the
future and that I did I lived in the
house there was for all practical
purposes the exact house I imagined for
years and and the like most of my dreams
I don't remember I can't tell you I
remember much in terms of any dream I've
ever had I don't think I have
but these visions I call them were not
dreams they were a solid almost like a
memory of the future that's how I
experienced them and of course I always
thought to myself that doesn't mean
they're real I might have this thing
that feels like a memory but of the
future that doesn't mean it's real and I
wouldn't expect 80% of you to even you
know most of you are probably checking
out before I get to the good part
there's a good part coming in college in
my freshman year was it freshman I don't
know what year it was but in college one
day I was sound asleep and I woke up in
bed set sat up in bed wide awake and I
saw myself living in San Francisco now I
had no connection to San Francisco I was
in college and the East Coast yet had
never traveled here never been to
California and didn't didn't even know
any people I didn't know a person who
lived in San Francisco and I saw again
like it was a future memory a vivid
picture of me and San Francisco a few
years later I landed in San Francisco
having sold my car for a one-way ticket
to San Francisco and actually to
California and then I drove up to San
Francisco and I lived there for years
and built my life here I had another
vision at around the same time again it
was a future of memory meaning not like
a dream because I don't really remember
my dreams and I don't put any importance
in them but the other vision was me
standing in front of a large audience a
physical audience and
and talking to them and somehow I was a
celebrity now this was weird because at
the time I was having that vision slash
hallucination
whatever you want to call him it was my
experience I'm not saying it's true
false I'm not putting any meaning on it
I'm just describing it
I saw myself standing in front of large
crowds and they were listening just to
me and I didn't know what I was saying
or why I was there years later when the
Dilbert thing happened I embarked on a
speaking career and I would finally find
myself quite frequently standing on
stage alone doing essentially stand-up
comedy to a group of a thousand or five
thousand I think 5,000 was the biggest
now there was nothing absolutely nothing
in my early life that would suggest that
my personality and my ambitions anything
would put me on stage as a celebrity in
front of a giant crowd of people and it
happened it happened I have one other
premonition that I've had since I was
very young
it's my strongest one now these other
ones were all good news all right good
news I have become a famous cartoonist
that's great news good news that I would
be able to live in this you know cool
house that I imagined and then I did but
not the house I'm in I built this one
and I'm it was cool news that I would
stand in front of big groups and and
entertain them or something and it was
good news that I'd moved to San
Francisco because it's a nice place
where I used to be but there was one
premonition really really strong and it
has weighed on me like one of the worst
parts of my life it was my hardest
premonition my worst one and it has
waited on me for decades and it went
like this
in my early 60s which is now there would
be a national disaster that people
didn't see come I never in my in the
vision I never knew the nature of it and
in that world I would become important
in a different way different than
cartooning different than that and that
I would know my role when it happened
and I think it's this because as much as
this is a health problem it's a
psychological problem and somehow by
complete accident meaning I didn't plan
it
I have studied my whole life for this
this moment all of my skills all of my
talent all of my celebrity you know
let's say capital you sort of coming
together at this moment exactly exactly
as I have expected for decades
it's my clearest cleanest scariest
vision of the future and it's this but
here's the good news
it works out because in this vision we
get through it and we get through it by
sticking together and we get through it
because we can because we're Americans
because we're humans ninety nine speech
ninety nine percent of the species on
earth have gone extinct not us not us
ninety nine percent of the species of
the planet Earth
have already gone extinct not us that
 virus doesn't know what's coming
for it human ingenuity is starting to
kick in
hold on two weeks two weeks in two weeks
you're gonna see news coming from your
fellow citizens the best among us that
is better than anything you've ever seen
in your life it's going to be
breathtaking it's going to be hard
this next year is gonna be hard it's
gonna be very hard but for the 20% of
you who live in a world where cause of
the fact isn't everything
maybe we're maybe maybe we're not a
mechanical world
maybe there's something mysterious
something spiritual something extra
maybe we're a simulation maybe God has a
plan any of those things but if it helps
you if it helps you even a little bit
these visions of mine have not been
wrong yet I'm not making this up we are
where we were going to be if these
visions mean anything but we're in a
good place that looks like a bad place
we're gonna beat this and we're gonna
beat it hard and we're gonna be fine and
I hope I can be part of that and I will
talk to you maybe tomorrow probably this
afternoon give you a little little extra
free entertainment because our sports
are gone and that's all for today