bum-bum-bum-bum-bum yes I'm back twice
in one morning it's because there's
something I keep wanting to talk about
that's probably the biggest thing in the
country right now
and it's not getting talked about it at
all but now we're going to talk about it
but before we do
join me for possibly your second
simultaneous tip of the day
grab your mug your cup you're jealous
you're Stein you're glass and drink so
here is the very effective mind control
that's happening right now and you all
hear about this anywhere else the he'll
be the only person to tell you that
tells you this and I think what I tell
you today won't require any research and
it won't require you to change your mind
anything I'm just gonna put a a
framework on things that you already see
and understand and would be objectively
true so the big story of the week is the
appropriateness of the president calling
the press the enemy of the people
and CNN sucks and other chance that his
people do that he doesn't call back and
so the question the CNN has had us focus
on and I'm just gonna use CNN as sort of
a proxy for the anti-trump press yeah
it's not even them specifically but
they're a good example they're making
you focus on this question should a
sitting president be criticizing the
press do you see the trick because if
you don't see the trick it's working and
even if you do see the trick it's gonna
work anyway here's what they've done
they've made you think past the sale I
talked about this all the time if you
can make someone think past the decision
you've sort of influenced them to make
the decision because you've made them
think past it to some details about the
and when CNN says is it good or
dangerous for the president to criticize
the press they've made you think past
the sale of do they deserve it that's
what they've made you think past because
here are your two situations one is that
the press is just doing a good job as
best they can
yes they make mistakes but you've got to
assume that and a big enterprise there
will be mistakes but they're doing the
best they can and they're legitimate
players they're not they're not biased
they're just trying to give you the
facts if that were the situation and
what the what the president is saying is
that they're the enemy of the people
that would be pretty freakin bad that
would make me feel like there's a
dictator and you know in the works
there's a there's a strongman situation
going on here this is a dangerous thing
developing that would be perfectly
appropriate thing to think if the press
were legitimate purveyors of facts now
let's say the other possibility let's
say the press because the business model
of the press has required them to sort
of follow whatever they can you know gin
up in emotion in their audience so if
they know that the audience will be
influenced by saying X they're going to
say X because that's what gets the
audience clicking and watching and
engaging and that's how they make money
so the the fact that we can now measure
we can now measure this is a big deal
that things you can measure matter more
than things that you can't the fact that
we can measure whatever kind of story we
do and how it influences traffic that
was the thing that ruined everything
because as soon as you could measure it
you kind of had a responsibility to your
shareholders to do what got you the most
clicks it's how you got a bonus it's how
you got you know a promotion it's how
your your stockholders become happy so
that creates a situation where the press
in my opinion it's obvious and I think
most observers would agree that that the
press has become more biased in both
directions right this is not I'm not
talking about bias in one direction
talking about just the fact that you
know there's a there's definitely a
right to the left press and if it's true
that the press is left and right then it
would be true that neither of them are
really the friend of the people because
if the press were the friend of the
people there would only be sort of one
news it would be whatever the facts were
but there's clearly some bias in both
directions
now some bias may be productive other
biases may be unproductive if somebody
had a productive bias let's say for
example somebody said that the economy
was doing really well and it was a
little bit more optimism than is
warranted by the facts let's say some
news network was like that and it was
always saying the economy is doing great
and jobs are good and things are going
well for african-americans let's say
there was a network who often had those
messages the economy is great under
Trump african-americans doing great it's
best has ever been for them would that
be the enemy of the people or would that
be actually counterproductive because we
would like to be told things are going
well because that's actually what makes
them go well they're telling people the
things are going well is what makes them
act like things are going well and
that's what makes things go well so
there is a productive bias and I'm not
saying it's intentionally productive but
you know in any given situation
you might have one bias that's
productive and one bias that isn't now
let's say you had some news outlet that
was doing things which absolutely were
damaging to the country just objectively
speaking were damaging to the country if
you label them the enemy of the people
would you be an imbalance even if you
were the president because the president
has sort of a job description cabinet
requires him to call out what's going
wrong you know where as where is the
problem
where's the bug in the system it's sort
of a president's job and then to suggest
you know something to do about it so if
it were true just hypothetically that a
news outlet was intentionally doing
things that were bad for the public as
opposed to what a press should do which
is Acuras stories that are good for the
public shouldn't the president call that
out if hypothetically it existed and
we're not getting to the point of
whether exists yet I'm just saying
in principle shouldn't a president call
it out if some part of the society
wasn't working let's say for example
Congress wasn't doing his job would the
president be justified in calling it out
I think so right let's say the Supreme
Court wasn't doing its job would it be
the president's responsibility
legitimately to call it out
ohoho you say not the Supreme Court you
definitely don't want the president
criticizing the Supreme Court well what
if they didn't go to work what if the
Supreme Court said you know no we're
just not interested we got their jobs
for life we're just not going to rule
out anything how about that
should the president criticize them for
not going to work I think in that case
absolutely so it really depends how bad
it is doesn't it it's not really a case
of
should the president never criticize the
court well I think there you could make
an argument that he shouldn't criticize
the decisions too much in some cases but
he could have free speech and if they
decided not to go to work or something
just egregious seems fair to me that the
president should criticize it just as it
seems fair to me that the president the
president could criticize anything
that's not working in the government or
it anywhere else I kind of think that's
his job so the question is not should a
president be able to criticize things
that aren't working that should never be
the question that should always be valid
the question is is the thing he's
criticizing not working and see and then
makes you think past that question to
assume that it is working let's talk
about how inappropriate it is that he's
saying this so let's say let's now
address separately the question of
whether the some parts of the press are
the enemy of the people
now enemy of the people is a really
strong statement so if you're going to
say that the press is the enemy of the
people you better have a really good
backup for this right you need you need
some you need to bring the goods I'll
just give you one example
Charlottesville Charlottesville was a
case in which there were people who were
on one side of the statue issue and
there were people on the other side of
the statue issue president said they're
fine people on both sides of the statue
yes and statute no question he didn't
say it the way I said it it was
ambiguous and so the Press reported it
as he's saying that the Nazis the you
know the did they call themselves Nazis
aware that were they white supremacists
the white supremacist with the tiki
torches got in the mix up with empty
file mean
you know meaning that they attacked
anti-fog with a car at least one of them
did and so the news reported that those
were the two sides and that the
president was saying that the white
supremacist were fine people now I could
understand how they could be confused by
initial comments because you can see
that there are two views of what the two
sides are what is two sides of the
statue issue and the other is two sides
of white supremacists versus Anti Fog so
it's easy I could see how they'd be
confused but once they asked for
clarification and they asked them did
you mean to say the white supremacists
are fine people he said no that should
sort of be the end of the question but
to this day seeing a CNN will allow its
pundits to say that the president said
that the white supremacist were fine
people now on this we'll just talk about
just this question that's objectively
false
that's fake news because the president
was asked for clarification to a
perfectly reasonable question there was
a perfectly reasonable answer that there
wasn't the wife supremacist who were the
fine people that should be the end of
the story but when it's reported that
way and still reported that way that
they called them fine people what does
that do to the fabric of the country
that story Charlottesville came at a
time when the you know the racist stuff
about Trump was starting to subside a
little bit and that sort of started it
all back again and it became the primary
point of reference which validated every
other thing that didn't have you know
much weight to it everything else was
sort of we think he's a racist because
people close to him did this you know
it's all these vague stuff but once
charlottesville happened the the press
reported it in a way that is solidified
in people's minds
every other thing they thought about
that could have gone either way now they
no longer go either way
people said doink if he said that about
Charlottesville now everything we've
ever suspected must be true but
Charlottesville was not true it very
obviously was not true and I think at
least a third of the country is is
nodding their heads and saying of course
he wasn't talking about the white
supremacist how do you not understand
that but the fact that CNN still reports
that as fact they're probably the most
damaging thing I think this is true I
would say that's the most damaging thing
that's happened to the country in quite
a while in terms of the social fabric
right we've had hurricanes and Wars
those are worse but in terms of the
social fabric you know our our ability
to get along with each other as
Charlottesville was one of the worst
things that's ever happened to this
country the way it was reported all
right
the actual act was hideous of course
right the fact that there were you know
white supremacists with torches was
hideous
the fact that they one of them killed
somebody a hundred times worse but the
way it was reported in terms of the
politics of it
it was far worse at least then the
political part but not the death part of
the of the event itself now if somebody
did something this damaging to the
fabric of society and continue doing it
right in front of us could you say that
they're the enemy of the people perhaps
not in some intentional sense meaning
that I don't know if there's anybody
well I'm sure there's nobody sitting in
a room saying you know we could really
rip this country apart if we play it
this way nobody's doing that yeah I
don't believe there's anybody at CNN who
has bad intentions and I want to be
pretty clear
that I don't think anybody's sitting
around saying you know let's let's do
something bad for the country you know
nobody's doing that but they have
different opinions of what's good for
the country
and there may be some people at CNN who
literally think the President did say
that which would I guess it's possible
that he did say that the white
supremacists were fine people but I have
to think there are enough of them there
who know he didn't that they should have
a little bit of pause about that and at
least reported as some people
interpreted this way as opposed to a
fact and and so I would just look at
Charlottesville and see how insanely
damaging that is and when the president
criticizes that and he labels it as the
enemy of the people remember of course
it's hyperbole and you know he's using
colorful language as he always does
but can he criticize that strongly and
that directly the press who would say
something like that that that would
actually rip the fabric of of the best
thing about the country which is that we
figured out a way to get along to put
such a wedge in that and then here's the
best part and then blame the president
for it so when you when you ask yourself
what is it that's causing the country to
be so so so divided is it that Trump
said something ambiguous that one time
about Charlottesville that ambiguity egg
ewis thing which he cleared up fairly
quickly was not what caused the problem
in the country the problem was the way
it would some reported and it's being
reported by people who know it's not
true at least some of them maybe not all
of them so here's the thing you can make
make of whatever you want about the
weight you put on anything I said you
you'll you'll all assess
the validity of anything I said here but
here's the thing I want to add that I
think you won't argue with they are
making you think past the sale the sale
is whether they've done something or
have or are doing something that is
worthy of very strong condemnation from
a sitting president of the United States
the example I just gave you in my
opinion and you're you're welcome to
make your own judgments now how
important anything is but in my opinion
that is a 10 and a 10 for misbehavior
and probably more because of a bug in
the system than because of bad
intentions I don't believe anybody has
any bad intentions if you had the
business model of the news industry a
little bit of cognitive dissonance that
affects everybody everywhere and maybe
maybe people not being as brave as they
need to be because it must be tough to
be a rebel anywhere it it's a bad
situation so if the president were
criticizing CNN for you know getting a
fact wrong here there I would say that
would be maybe something he should pull
back but depending on how bad do you
think the situation is the criticism is
either fair or not fair all right that
is what I wanted to say on this one what
do you think of this periscope give me
some feedback and I'm trying not to make
this just an anti CNN thing I'm just
trying to put a different frame on it
and let you see when you're thinking
past the sale because you should always
you should always ask yourself you know
did that just happen I think my favorite
answer here is 7 out of 10
only because it's so specific alright
some say lamest ever some say it's great
that should tell you something -
shouldn't it the fact that you just you
all watch the exact same content at the
same time and if you're having
completely polar opposite reactions to
it shouldn't that tell you something
about reality and about how we perceive
things the facts don't matter you all
just looked at the same the same data at
the same time came to opposite
conclusions about whether it was smart
or or stupid but boring or not boring
all right that's enough for now I'll
talk to you later