well there you are checking in in the
stock market here we're a little bit up
not looking too bad looks like things
are normalizing even Tesla is up a
little bit today took quite a hit this
week let's see the uh comments and then
we start the
show want to make sure I can see all
your Genius
comments all
right I think we're in good shape
now good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
scull coffee with Scott Adams and wow do
we have a lot to cover today but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cover mugger a
glass of tanker chal Ain a canteen jug a
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like the coffeee
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopamine here of the day thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip
go uh it's the elixir of the Gods I
wonder if there are any new stories
about the benefits of drinking coffee
checking notes yes there is according to
get surri Ellen Jen writes that drinking
one extra cup of sugar-free coffee a day
is linked to weight
loss uh I believe that I'm only a few
cups away from disappearing totally if
you get if you get uh if there's less of
you the more you drink coffee I'm about
ready to disappear so that's how I'm
going to go just drink coffee until I
don't
exist if you're following the Dilbert
kic that you can only watch if you're on
the locals platform but there's a lot of
political stuff on there if you don't
want that that's not for you but if you
just want to see the comic that has
continued since my cancellation two
years ago it's called dilbur reborn and
you can get it on the xplatform just hit
the subscription button and here's what
you would be finding you would find that
the new comic will tell you uh the
problem with hiring the low bid
Hitman yeah so dog B is in the role of a
Hitman and you see what happens when you
take the low bid for your Hitman doesn't
go well but here's the more interesting
thing I also publish that whatever comic
ran exactly 10 years ago from whatever
date today is so the comics that ran
exactly 10 years ago are so on point for
right now it's about humanoid robots
being introduced into Dilbert's house
and you know what goes wrong and oh my
god did I call it 10 years ago you have
to see it to see how OnPoint it is for
today anyway so go take a look at that
in other news yay well we'll get to the
hard news in a minute I I like to ease
you into it with some lesser hard news
so apparently yay is making a buzz on
social media I think he's got a new
album out and he's apparently off his
meds and I'm not going to tell you any
of the things that he said in all caps
shouting like crazy X but let me tell
you um he looks like he's off his meds
it it's uh it's just absolute mental
illness there there's no other way to no
other way to look at it he says he's off
his meds by the way he thinks he was
misdiagnosed as
bipolar so now he thinks he's
autistic he is not
autistic I'm pretty sure that's not
right but I don't know we'll see
in other news is simulation alert
simulation alert simulation alert
everybody simulation
alert here's how you know you live in a
simulation the confirmation vote for the
new budget
Chief Democrats try to delay it they try
to delay the vote for somebody named
Russ
vote that's right his name sounds like
Rush the vote vote and they delayed the
vote for Rush
vote that's all that's the whole story
simulation
alert uh meanwhile there's a Michigan
Democrat state legislator who decided to
announce that she's going to sterilize
herself actually already has to avoid
giving birth in Donald Trump's
America according to the Gateway pundit
Colin linberger Lineberger
Barger
um so I would regard this as a
combination of mental
illness and probably something she
wanted to do anyway that had nothing to
do with anything she's 36 hasn't had a
kid I guess you so I don't know how much
sex she was having but uh she won't be
having any extra
Democrats in the most important story of
the entire year
uh one of the Doge team members used to
go by the name a secret name online big
balls and Big Balls said some
pretty pretty inappropriate
things yeah pretty inappropriate um and
uh once that all came out um you would
be surprised to hear there's somebody
who was once working for
usaid but now works for the Wall Street
Journal uh outed that Doge person huh
feels like everything's coming together
and now we understand every time you
hear that somebody like you know Liz
Cheney came out of the you know was or
AOC were birthed by the US Aid funding
you have to say to yourself
H is this really describing the entire
structure we see that all the people
that we know to be turds came from the
same place that would be kind of of a
big
coincidence anyway um so the best part
is that CNN uh did did a part in this in
which Aaron Bernett and Cara
swisser um were talking about it because
uh you just can't have somebody working
on your team named Big Balls who once
said offensive things online under a
suud name anyway what's the point of
having a pseudonym if you can't if you
can't be
anonymous um but here's the best
part I believe that the media thought
that they would um hurt musk and his
effort by making giving a lot of
attention to big
balls and I don't think they know much
about Elon Musk because Big Balls is the
funniest thing you could possibly do and
the more you talk about it on CNN the
happier I
am I think you should do the the whole
segment on Big Balls there should be
more of a special i' like to see them
delve deeper into it but here's the
thing uh and I love the fact that they
thought they were defeating the monster
you know they would think that Elon Musk
is the monster and so the way they
thought they would defeat him is talking
about Big
Balls that's really feeding the monster
I mean if you're really afraid of him
don't feed him stories about Big Balls
he's going to dining on that all day so
to speak so there's one thing missing
with this story and I think you can all
tell what's missing you know what's
missing right it doesn't have a clever
name yet so we need to have some kind of
a name to talk about this Scandal about
the Big
Balls uh I'm going to go first uh I'm
going to call it a scrotum gate scrotum
gate everybody in do you like that so
whenever we talk about it it'll just be
scrotum gate now uh Elon is running a
poll on X to see if uh he should bring
back the the equ quit by the way Big
Balls quit once the news got out and I
can understand that but
uh Elon wants to bring him back now
here's my take if somebody who is a
teenager or 19 years old uh said
something that we all agree is
absolutely inappropriate but did it
anonymously ly did it
anonymously I don't have a problem with
it because every 19-year-old boy is
saying deeply inappropriate things all
the time and if he was doing it
anonymously he knew that it was not
something that you could put in the
public domain somebody else put it in
the public
domain
so my problem is not with anything you
said um because I just I just can't
blame a 19-year-old for having inapo
especially a man a 19-year-old male it's
all we have is inappropriate thoughts do
you understand what a 19-year-old male
is that is a person who is non-stop
inappropriate thoughts that's all we do
at that age do we grow out of it
sometimes sometimes not all the
time anyway big balls might be back but
we'll keep an eye on scrotum gate Fox
News says that a big consulting firm PWC
they going to have a big conference this
summer uh trying to get uh high-
performing college students an
opportunity to work for their company oh
that's good yeah big consulting company
wants to make sure that the high
performing students get to check out
their job offerings oh wait is
specifically excludes white and Asian
applicants so it's a Dei policy or
something like it so apparently not
everybody got the
memo that if you openly discriminate
against white and Asian
applicants it's not going to end
well it might not go your way in the
long run so maybe rethink breaking the
law all right I got to look at this
comment because it looks
interesting uh Ron Paul says on X look
behind the curtain has revealed a
horrific truth nearly the entire
mainstream media worldwide has been
funded by the US government under the
USA from the BBC to the New York Times
and Politico at this point it might be
easier to find out who USA does not
funded well that does seem approximately
true and I I saw a video online I
couldn't tell if it's a new one or an
old one I think it's an old one so you
tell me it was Pam Bondi talking about
how many times Bill Clinton had been on
the Lolita Express with Jeffrey Epstein
apparently he he'd
uh he he hadn't been on the plane just a
couple of times he'd been on there
multiple times and traveled
internationally with
Epstein
and uh that that plane had a bed in it
that's all you need to
know um and apparently they stayed
friends for years whereas Trump you know
removed him from his life fairly early
on so is that a new
clip a new one or an old one what's all
the
[Music]
27s um all
right so that's out
there so Trump has uh tried to fire the
Federal Election Commission commissioner
Ellen wi drob but she says it's illegal
in the president campire we'll see but
she was appointed by Bush and apparently
the they can only be replaced if they
resign or their term
expires what let me read that
again according to Legal experts an FEC
commissioner can only be replaced if
they resign or their term
expires
wait what
who the has a job that they can't
be fired from who the has a job
that they can't be fired from unless
you're elected and even if you're
elected you can be fired you
know it's got it's got to be an
impeachment but there's a process are
you telling me that there's somebody in
our government who's in charge of the
 elections who can't be fired are
you serious I hope I I hope I'm reading
this wrong do I have this wrong the most
important person the head of the spear
for our entire democracy can't be
fired oh my
God you you think that the well of
corruption and and Badness is
deep I've never seen anything like that
have you have you ever heard of somebody
who can't be fired for any
reason that can't be right there there
must be everybody can be fired for call
right but apparently not according to
Legal
experts
wow the Daily Mail has a uh has a story
that looks fake to me um they're saying
that there's unconfirmed
plans that Trump's trying to end the
Ukraine war in 100
days and uh that he wants to get a
ceasefire by April
20th and that the deal would freeze
Russia's uh place they get to keep what
they have Ukraine would not join
NATO and uh and that would be the deal
now I guess this comes from a sketchy
source and then the daily mail picked it
up so it's two sketchy
sources uh the daily mail is not uh full
propaganda but it's not right 100% of
the time either you know like most
things so I don't think this is anything
but maybe a test balloon my best gu
guess is that it's a way for the
government to float an idea to see what
people think of it so as an idea of
floating test balloon is a good one but
I don't think it's a real story feels
like just testing out the
water we'll
see so uh Senator fedman uh has weighed
in on the RFK Jr and Tulsi gabard um
nominations and he will not vote for
them so you will not vote for either
gabri or Kennedy now we don't absolutely
need his vote because Republicans can
get it through if they're all together
but I was uh I was amused by Nicole
Shanahan's uh reply to the EXP poost
about this uh I'll just paraphrase um
she said it better but you know here's
here's just my summary the Federman is a
slob who wears gim clothes and doesn't
go to the
gym he's a slob who wears gym clothes
all day and doesn't go to the gym in
other
words health is not high on his list all
right so here's somebody who apparently
doesn't have any appreciation for good
human health or he would act like it
he'd go to the gym he'd lose weight he
need write he do he acts like he has no
appreciation for the biggest issue in
the whole country which which is our
kids have chronic diseases and they'll
have no good life that's a pretty big
problem and he's against it separately
fedman also said that he thought the
Democrats don't have much chance of
winning men
back because he he said he's been
warning about it and that the Democrats
become sort of the uh party of whiny
women and that not only were white males
leaving the Democrat Party
but black men Hispanic men and it's
pretty Broad and obvious change but the
interesting thing is he thinks they
can't get it back meaning that Federman
believes he is in the party that's
anti-men that would be according to all
the men who change sides because they
want to be on the side that's not
anti-men Dei is anti-men
what do we got
here
um H okay so Ellen wob the head of the F
that Trump is trying to get rid of um
she once was in private practice at
Perkins
Koy so if you recommend if you
understand Perkins koi that's like the
the heart of the Democrat legal dirty
tricks well I won't call them that I'll
just say they're the the legal arm of
the Democrats where much has been
done the Republicans don't like so we
can see why Trump's getting rid of her
it makes sense but uh let me close on
the
Federman so fedman knows that he's on
the anti-male
team and he stays
there now if he tried to become a
republican I'm sorry you've that door is
very closed right now you're not going
to become a republican if you're turning
down uh Kennedy you're dead I mean not
physically dead you're done as a
political entity that anybody on the
Republican side's going to care about so
you're you're a piece of from my
perspective and you should expect that
Scott pressler's coming for your job not
to take the job but to make sure that
there are more Republicans uh registered
in Pennsylvania and he said so by the
way I'm not speculating Scott presler
Nicole Shanahan they're going to take
him
out and I I don't know if that means
he'll be primaried but that's what
Nicole Shanahan promised that she'd be
primarying people who go the wrong
direction on the Kennedy vote and Scott
presler says it directly you know we're
coming after you basically so fedman I
think his political fortunes are now
over cuz he just made an unrecoverable
error um allegedly according to
wired um Elon Musk doge is working on a
on a chatbot so they're going to create
a chatbot called GS allegedly and it
would be part of you know maybe maybe
some of it would be to
analyze the complexities that doge is
looking into but some of it would be
maybe a replacement for some of the
functions of the government you know if
you had a really good AI it could do a
lot of stuff now I'm a skeptic because
my own experience with trying to create
an AI agent even though it was last
summer and a lot has changed I don't
believe AI can do that I don't believe
AI can create an agent that can do
General stuff that a human could do I I
don't think it's anywhere near it so the
AI is super smart but when you try to
get it to do of the job of a
[Music]
person it's uh you know it hallucinates
and it's hard to know when it's going to
do it they can't look up data reliably
so the only way it would work is if it's
sort of a interface layer but all of the
real important work is just regular
programming you know just it initiates
something that looks into a database
that's not AI so if it's the interface
for things that are not AI it could be
great so I don't want to Jud I
obviously let me just say the obvious
the people who are working on this know
a lot more than I do about AI so if they
think it can work you would be kind of
dumb for me to bet against it but I
don't it's not my understanding that it
can work unless it's just an interface
to regular programming we'll see someday
it will work I don't think it's there
yet all right you know we're going to
talk about us Aid I got more to say
about that but Thomas M
uh says now if you're brand new I'll
just give you the the quick update USA
is a 50 billion dollar whatever funded
entity within the government that um
does things for the state department
sometimes the CIA sometimes the Pentagon
this is the Mike Ben's explanation of
the world and uh it's been basically
gutted by Doge for all the alleged waste
and you know fraud
um the waste would be funding things
that are not good for anybody that would
be the claim but Thomas Massie says I'm
concerned that the House and Senate will
fully fund us Aid in March just like we
did in December although he voted
against it he said the argument from
Republican leadership will be that they
need Democrat votes to pass the
omnius to avoid a government
shutdown oh my
God I hate how right he is so Massie is
pretty good at seeing around corners and
telling you what's
coming uh how do we beat
that because the whole omnius thing is a
it's essentially a criminal process it's
a criminal process because it allows the
people of congress to not do their job
and get tons of money for things that
will help them get
reelected I don't know if it's
illegal but certainly in
intention and in you know in a de facto
way it's just criminal the the let me
say it again the Omnibus is when they
put all the spending in one big thing
and you could just say yes or no but
they put all kinds of crap in there and
then they say well if you say no to the
crap you're the one who shut down the
government and children will die which
is an
exaggeration so yeah we have a system
that guarantees that usaid will be fully
funded think about
that we just nuked
it and it the the corrupt government is
so Advanced at this point it's evolved
almost to its own creature the
corruption is
self-healing we have a
selfhealing
corruption designed
machine if you take out the heart of the
machine us Aid that might be the most
important beating organ in the whole
machine completely
removed and in one month it could be
reinstated because it's a self-healing
corrupt system and they'll just use the
Omnibus as the argument for why it must
be refunded now if it's not done with
the omnius and I don't know what would
stop it uh they could do the same thing
with onesies and twozies well but this
one's important well you cut all the
funding but but this one's important but
this one's important and just try to
wear down Marco Rubio and the state
department which absorbed the usaid
function so let me tell you if you if
you think usaid is defeated not even
close we're not even close to defeating
it it it's sort of like the Terminator
you know you okay good news we shot the
Terminator uhoh he's reforming he's
self-healing so it's coming for
you did you know according to Leslie Kim
movitz I don't know if this is uh I
don't know if this is a good source or
not but it's a good example of the kind
of news I'm seeing on social media I'll
give you the following warning there
will be claims about USA funding that
are not
true Trump just reversed the Biden
decision on plastic
straws we're getting our plastic straws
back yes USA's coming back but so are
plastic straws so it's it's a tie all
right so according to Leslie kajim and
remember the the umbrella for this story
and a lot of others is they might not be
true there going to be a whole bunch of
claims about us Aid funding that if you
looked into it it might mean not exactly
what the claim is but could be close but
the claim is that usaid in 2016 gave
$310 million of taxpayer money to a
Palestinian cement
factory well now on the surface you'd
say to yourself well if you're going to
you know have a modern country and you
going to develop you're going to need
some cement so maybe we funded the one
of the main things they needed to to
rebuild this good quality local
cement I wonder where the cement went
well maybe some of it went for factories
to build some factories maybe some
housing but maybe it's how they built
their Hamas
tunnels so the the real concern is is
that no matter what our intentions were
it may have
been just you know siphoned off and
taken to build not siphoned off but they
would have they would have actually
built the cement plant but the cement
plant may have been allegedly some part
of the tunnel building 310 million do
you think we got our money's worth
there um I don't know that one that one
feels a little too on the nose doesn't
it
remember I tell you the one way to spot
fake news quickly is it's too perfect
what would be the most perfect story
somebody could make up about us Aid the
most perfect story would be it built the
Hamas
tunnels now it might
have I'm not saying it didn't happen I'm
saying oh boy is that one right on the
nose so if you have to bet on it
I don't know if it's a safe bet it's a
little too clean so just be just beware
that when you hear these stories that a
little too perfect there may be a reason
they're too perfect but they also might
be true so it's hard to say um yesterday
I posted an X that uh it seems to me
that maybe we could close the entire
budget Gap the deficit the entire thing
just by getting rid of
Fraud and that's a big claim right cuz
we're talking about $2
trillion so I honestly think that if we
got rid of all fraud in all forms of the
government from military to Medicare
fraud to everything else we might close
the entire
Gap and I thought well you know it just
it's just how it feels it's not really
haven't done the math but Elon Musk saw
that comment that I made and he modified
it in the comments he said uh that maybe
get a fraud would close oneir to 1/ half
of the
deficit one half of the deficit is a
trillion
dollars a trillion dollars per year not
a trillion dollars over many years one
year now that's the person who's looked
into it the closest he knows more than
any of us now about what he's found and
maybe even what he's likely to find he
thinks there be a trillion dollars of
something that we might call Waste or
fraud I think that's
right I think it's a
trillion at least you know I thought it
was
two but I'm going to go with his
estimate because he's closer to
it um here are some examples Jesse
Waters had a good rundown on some of the
examples of things that us Aid was doing
now here's the
problem and I'll get get into this in
more detail the the fake news the
corporate news is reporting that the
usaid is a charitable organization doing
all kinds of good things all over the
world and
um and that defunding it means that
people will die by the millions so
people will die so when Jesse and other
people give the list of the fake looking
wastes of money and I'm I'm going to
list them in moment you might say to
yourself
oh uh if we get rid of the fake ones
then all we'll have left is the real
charity and maybe the real charity makes
sense some people would say now the fake
news is covering this like it's a
charity being removed
story The Real News the magga Republican
version of what's happening is that USA
is always been a fake
organization that is designed to
overthrow other countries and and also
control the United
States so those are completely different
stories but here's what's
interesting the fake news is pretending
like there's only one version of The
Narrative they're not even telling you
that the other narrative is
wrong they're just ignoring
it what's that tell you if they told you
that the narrative that it's you know a
c IIA front if they told you that was
not true and they said why and they
showed their work well then maybe you
could compare their version with what
other sources are saying and maybe make
up your own mind but they're acting like
there's only one
narrative they're actually
ignoring the main claim and the main
claim is the
biggest the biggest scandal in American
history you know maybe since I don't
know maybe since slavery
but it's the biggest story I've ever
seen since I've been alive would you
agree I mean Wars are big in their own
way so you know you can't ignore Wars
but in terms of a scandal this is the
biggest one I've ever seen by a thousand
this is not even close to anything I've
ever seen this is enormous
that's one
narrative why can they ignore what half
of the country thinks is true and is
digging into the details of it and
completely coming up to
speed they're just ignoring it now that
tells you that they're fake news so if
you're wondering are they fake news yes
turns out they are um here are some the
things Jesse Waters says they funded uh
$6 million for tourism in Egypt
because Egypt certainly couldn't do any
tourism without an extra $6
million you know as Jesse points out
they have
pyramids they have pyramids you you'd be
you'd be lucky if you could stop people
from going there I mean you'd have to
close the border to stop all the people
who want to go in there to look at the
pyramids the one thing they don't
need is some help with a tourist
destination because again they've got
pyramids they have pyramids all
right $2 million help the British
Broadcasting Company value the diversity
of Libyan
Society I didn't make that up we're
paying the
BBC British
entity um how to Value the diversity of
Libyan Society now that can't be real
how is Is that real uh $1 million for a
gay group in
Armenia
what what 20 million for Iraqi Sesame
Street okay 2 million for Trans
surgeries in
Guatemala um 235 million to the National
Democratic Institute H well well that
sounds sounds fine right we like
democracy and sounds like that's what
they're working on it's right in the
name so 235 million uh but um a lot of
that money went to executive
compensation so the the real meaning of
all this funding is everything about the
government funding seems to be a way for
Democrats to get a Payday and some
anti-trump Republicans they all seem to
have one foot in some form of either us
Aid or somebody that usaid funds or
something also an
NGL uh I saw an estimate from Alex Jones
that there are 1.5 million
NOS but 1.1 million of them are left
leaning is that possible somebody in the
comments said
55,000 at the very least there are
thousands thousands of these entities
that get funded by our government your
taxpayers
your your tax money
and it seems to be
mostly for controlling America
controlling other countries and for
people to get
paychecks so that they can get this easy
funding from your money basically it's
just a transfer of wealth to
Democrats the wealthy Democrats is not
even the poor
Democrats that's what it looks like
well according to grock
and I should warn you that all of the
AIS are not up to date on this
story they're up to date on what people
are saying but your AIS are going to
tell you there's no evidence that the
CIA has anything to do with the
usaid that's what your AI will tell you
um but uh grock tells me that all the
spending of us Aid is
transparent it's transparent so
everybody could have always seen it and
that the uh
GAO uh government Accounting Office can
audit it so they so don't worry about
the spending being wrong because you can
see it it's transparent you know the
names of the places it's going to and
you also know that there's an auditing
function so it could get audited by the
government to make sure they're not
doing anything wrong so you good with
that um I hope you're good with it
because I'm starting an NGO so the name
of my NGO um is going to be it's going
to be called America doing awesome
things for a gay climate scientists and
democracy now that sounds like a joke
but it's not very far from the name of
the other NOS so the first thing you do
is put a name on your NGO and a primary
purpose that looks like it's good and
then you hide behind that goodness and
do all your evil behind it because you
can get your paycheck you can do your
your infl infuence pedling but as long
as people come after you so if if you
come after me after I get funded from my
America doing awesome things for gay
climate scientists and democracy I'm
going to say whoa oh look who's coming
after me uh apparently you don't like
gay people you're a bigot uhhuh and
you're anti-science because why else
would you be coming after me for trying
to fund climate scientists so you're
anti- scientist you're anti-gay you're
opposed to democracy I mean all those
things are right in the title of my NGO
so clearly I'm doing good work and
you're some kind of a bigoted piece of
crap science denier get out of here get
out of here and I'm going to tell all
the other Democrats to stay away from
you God you're such a terrible person
you're awful how could you even come
after me when I'm so virtuous just look
at the name of my NGO it's right there
in the
name all right
so
um so there's
that also uh according to the Washington
examiner um taxpayers also funded
Chinese
research representative uh Claudia Tenny
Republican uh she's she's got a bill
she's introduced into stop funding our
adversaries
now you would think that's something we
weren't
doing your common sense would say we're
not funding any adversaries what are you
talking about how could it possibly be
true that we're funding adversaries
what but between 2015 and 2021 the US
provided $29 million directly to Chinese
entities for research and
development I think that included Wuhan
these are real things I think now
remember remember the umbrella caution
there are going to be claims that aren't
true and I'm not I'm not sure I'll know
which ones are not true but the general
thrust of it is still the same
directionally these are
largely fake
things now is it true that it also does
good things such as helping countries
battle AIDS yes that's called a
cover the reason that they do good
things is so you can't pull their
funding if they're doing good things the
government uh let's say the foreign
government that allows us Aid funded
things in probably can't handle the
problems themselves such as you know an
AIDS epidemic or you know any other
major problem that a smaller country
can't handle we come in and say we can
handle that and the government says well
we can't do it ourselves and it is
destroying our country so yeah come on
in and then you can't kill it because if
you try to kill the
funding you're going to say that you
killed people with
AIDS Elon mus just posted I love Donald
Trump as much as a straight man can love
another
man oh God he likes causing
trouble all right so um
let's see what else is uh so CNN says
the uh concern about these big
government payouts to uh to Media
organizations such as Politico are fake
so no the media is telling you that if
you think the media is taking money to
you know change the reporting that's
fake people that's just fake and the
example they give is that Politico which
has two I think two main businesses one
is Politico of the publication but
another one is a Subs very expensive
subscription uh thing that has extra
data and things that are not in their
public political thing and the claim was
that $8 million flowed into the pro part
of the Politico not the publication and
that it came from not just USA but maybe
a bunch of entities that are also Nos
and kind of operate same so do you
think that $8 million of
subscriptions were do you think that was
an appropriate expense for all kinds of
different parts of the government they
they all needed a subscription to this
thing does that sound real to you now
Politico is trying to make the
distinction that funding not funding but
let's say buying a bunch of
subscriptions to one part of their
business has no influence on their
coverage in the other part of the
business that's for the stupid
people let let me tell you how you can
bribe people oh how many lines of
business do you have two Well we'd like
to influence one of those lines of
business okay great we'll give you
millions of dollars if you'll do with
that line of business what we want you
to excellent you got a deal
but can you do us a favor don't write
the checks to something that looks like
that line of business that you want us
to influence instead could you write it
to the other line of business so it
looks like you're just buying a regular
product like anybody
would so I'm not saying that's what
happened I'm just saying that's exactly
what it looks like happened there's no
such thing as people are uninfluenced by
money millions of dollars yeah yeah no
influence at all millions of dollars
nobody believes
that and as I read Ron Paul thinks that
basically all of the media is influenced
by government spending that's channeled
through this and that so it gets there
well maybe uh Brian stelter called the
claim that Politico is receiving
government sub subsidies quote rampant
right-wing
misinformation well technically he's
correct here's what he didn't say but
the parent company of Politico is making
millions of dollars and it doesn't seem
like that number could be supported by
the fact that people like subscriptions
to your pro
service that would be the better
frame all right if you're getting lost
in all this stuff because the Doge thing
is getting complicated I would recommend
that you listen to the
explainers uh one difference from 20 16
till now is that the right leaning part
of the the world has developed these
incredible
explainers people who simply know enough
that they can tell you what's really
happening that's different from what the
news is telling you so some of them of
course Mike Benz is the uh tip of the
spear on this particular topic but I
would listen to Mike cernovich who can
who digs into it deeper than most and
explains it better uh Glenn Greenwald
Brett
Einstein um and look at podcasts not the
news the podcasts are where you get
closest to the truth in this case and
the the good explainers are the ones
that can help you so the bad explainers
aren't going to give you anything you
got to listen to the good explainers
that I just explained so here's an
example um Brett Weinstein on Joe Rogan
I'm going to read the whole thing I just
like the way he said
it he said quote as a I was watching the
confirmation hearings my sense was that
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders were
dinosaurs who do not understand that the
Earth has just been hit from outer space
and that they don't live in the world
that they're used to that their
corruption was immediately apparent and
they're not used to that they're used to
having a whole phony journalistic layer
that covers for them and that layer is
gone and the American public is awake
and they're angry and rightfully so and
now it looks like
and now look at Bernie Sanders and you
see the same guy going after Bobby
Kennedy like dude I just went through
Co I see Bernie Sanders and I see him
reading from a script that is no longer
relevant to the movie that we're
watching that's a good
description that's a good description
yes if you look at the the politicians
that are prairie dogging the the ones
whove decided that they're going to be
really noisy
about us Aid being cut and about the
Doge those are all the corrupt
ones by accident uh this wasn't what
anybody was trying to do but by accident
by poking the right part of the
government it it revealed all of the
turds everybody who is corrupt in my
opinion this just an opinion they're the
ones that are the loudest if you see
Jamie Rasin and Schumer and Warren and
uh Sanders and you know Adam
Schiff those are all the designated
Liars they're the ones who specifically
come out when they're selling
they don't bring them out when the truth
can handle
itself if if the problem is the truth
then the news can handle it the news
will just say y fact Jack this is true
but when the news can't handle it
because it's such a big lie that even
the news can't go there they bring out
the same cast the characters yeah and
Leticia James is obviously part of the
corruption she's the law fair
Queen so that's the world we're living
in
um so this is from Mike cernovich who
was on Jesse Kelly's show and he said
that usaid funds
diversity uh the money hits a nonprofit
so diversity everybody loves that right
so you fund the diversity so that you've
got a cover and then the money hits the
nonprofit that's going to do something
for diversity and some lib in DC
pays herself himself or herself half a
million dollars power power couples are
pulling pulling in millions of dollars
per year stealing from you I believe
that is a perfect explanation of some
large part of what's Happening that
Democrats have figured out wait a minute
if 98% of the people in USA are
Democrats and I'm a
Democrat and they've got all this money
and they give it out to all kinds of
sketchy people all the time for sketchy
reasons all I need is to say I'm going
to do something that sounds important
like fix diversity then what are they
going to do if you're usaid and somebody
says I'm going to work on diversity
don't you say oh yeah good good let's do
that so it basically turns out a lot of
this is I think literally just scam it's
hard to know because there might be some
legitimate ones they got in the mix but
it does look like mostly it's designed
as a scam at least that's the way it
operates it's a de facto criminal
Enterprise de facto might not actually
be
illegal um Marco Rubio now ahead of a
state department where usaid got rolled
in so after it got gutted what's left of
it got rolled under the state department
so Rubio is in charge of that and he's
going to reduce the staff of USA from
about
10,000 to
294 which is probably about 200 people
too many but you know I'll take what I
can
get uh so this is very musk likee it
just feels like a lot lot of what he did
with Twitter you know your common sense
which wouldn't work in this case told
you okay Twitter might have 20% more
people than they
need nope they had 90% more people than
they needed well probably maybe 80 or
75% and that was the right number
because uh X has apparently turned cash
positive can you believe that I think
that's true I'll take I'll take a fact
check on that but I saw this morning
just in passing
somebody said that X is now Beyond break
even that they're cash positive is that
still true I hope
so anyway
um so Mike Ben is now being attacked by
the same media that may be benefiting
from these corrupt payments from us Aid
and and similar
NOS so would you be surprised to know
that the Washington Post post uh not
only went after that Doge guy but it's
he already did a hit piece on Mike Ben
and he says that a whole bunch of the
media has contacted him asking him to
comment because they're also working on
H
pieces apparently it took him a while
wer were you all
wondering why hasn't Mike Benz been
taken out by the Deep state yet I hate
to say it but I've been wondering that
for a long time and the only thing I
could think of is that he had not
penetrated the bubble yet meaning that
as long as they had a good bubble so
that nobody in their base ever heard any
Mike Ben's argument and by the way I
tested this with my smartest Democrat
friend uh while back I said all right
just do me a favor just listen to one
person just listen to Mike Ben figure
out what he's saying about things and
then you'll you'll finally maybe catch
up to a big part of what the political
right knows
and uh my friend looked at one of his
videos dismissed it as I don't know a
troll or something and would never look
at another
one so that's probably what happened
with any other Democrat who tried
looking it the the Mike Ben's view of
reality is so
disturbing that if you're not already
leaning in that direction it'll just
make your head explode and your your
brain won't be able to process C how
completely wrong your impression of the
world you live in has been here's the
most uh provocative thing that Ben said
just on a podcast I think yesterday he
said there's no such thing as domestic
policy just listen to that there's no
such thing as domestic
policy everything that you think is
domestic policy is
fake meaning that is designed to control
other countries or to control our own
country to keep a populist scent of
office now when I heard that my first
thought was well that's not true because
you know what about our uh what about
the emphasis on the government has on
Dei you know before
Trump and now we know that Dei is what
we introduced to a country we're trying
to
destabilize because if you can get them
to really be mad about racial division
which is what Dei gets you you can
weaponize them and put them on the
streets and have them rebel against
their
government but what about climate change
I mean that's obviously domestic policy
we we want to save our lives and make
sure we're doing the right thing right
well except that one of the ways you
destabilize another country is to inject
climate change into that other country
say it's the most important thing and if
the leader aren't working on it well
they got to be
replaced and so it
goes that everything you think was a
domestic policy is really a way to make
sure that
uh populists like Trump don't get power
because the populist will rip into all
that stuff uh what about trans rights
were you all confused about why trans
rights suddenly became the only thing we
were talking about for a long time like
how is that even possible like even even
if you agree or disagree with you know
any of the topics onto the trans
stuff nobody thought it was should have
been the top National talking
point that can't be natural do you know
what uh we do when we try to destabilize
other
countries we fund protrans things in
those
countries because the trans people can
get the lgbtqs on board and suddenly
they all hate their their leadership now
doesn't this sound exactly like what's
happening in this
country it does so let's talk more about
that so I spent some time this morning
so that you didn't need to uh on grock
so grock is the AI I used and I said to
myself I want to use the most unbiased
one because I'm going to ask some
questions that I know will be censored
on the other
ones so this is what grock said so the
first thing I asked it was about this
Smith mon Act of
1948 I'll bet most of you have heard of
that right it's something that Democrats
have no idea about so the Smith Mont act
allowed uh or CIA or whatever it was at
the time to do propaganda broadcasts in
other countries so we could literally
try to brainwash other countries but it
was very carefully um you know walled so
they couldn't do that in
America now the the conser ative story
or the Maga story is that when Obama
came in office he he changed the part
about uh being able to do it
domestically so the very the purpose of
it and nobody nobody argues that this is
the purpose so both sides would agree
this is the purpose the purpose of
sending media to other countries is to
control their minds it's brainwashing
it's propaganda and nobody nobody argues
that so that part
nobody argues because we're okay
propagandizing other countries you know
they do it to us we do it to
them but the magga people would say yes
but that all stopped that all stopped
when Obama said you can also use that
same material that was used to propag
propagandize other countries you can now
use it internally so I asked grock if
that's true and he said no that's not
true
here's what grock says the only change
that was
made was that if you wanted to get some
of that external propaganda for
research just for research you could
request it and it would not be denied
you that's what grock says grock is the
most I think the most or the least
censored AI GR says that's
 Gru says that nothing like that
happened there was there was no
authorization for the CIA to brainwash
Americans that didn't happen the only
thing they did was this little technical
change that allowed somebody to request
something if they want to do some
research do you believe
that I don't
know I'm going to say I don't know I
don't think that the Smith bunt Act is
terribly important to what we're seeing
today in other words you could see
everything we're seeing whether or not
the smithm ACT did or did not do
anything so I think maybe it's just a
distraction uh not an intentional
distraction but rather a distraction to
spend much time thinking about it
because we could argue all day whether
that act has any
difference but we could also just look
at the difference we could just look at
what people doing and that's probably
all you need so
um the CIA specifically would
be um not allowed to use that stuff but
what about an
NGO do you think an
NGO a non-government organization that
gets funded by the government do you
think it could look at some of the
propaganda and then repurpose it for the
United States because I don't think
anything says that a non CIA entity
can't do it do you think the CIA could
ask somebody else to do it for them do
you think they could uh talk to the
Washington Post I'll just use them as an
example it's not an accusation just an
example could the CIA say Hey you know
I'm having lunch with a journalist and
you know there's this interesting story
happening over in uh Europe right now
and uh might be some some application in
the United States maybe the US market
would like this story too and then it's
not really the CIA that's using it to
propagandize they're just lunch it's
just a conversation it's just lunch so
if you have lunch with your favorite
journalist and you you happen to know
about a story that's a you know kind of
big in another
country maybe they'd be interested in
looking at that story and how it plays
out in this
country
so I think if we're looking at the
technical language of the law and this
Smith Mont act and what it does do and
what it doesn't do and how it was
revised
probably were just going down the rabbit
hole for no reason because you don't
even need to be in that hole everything
that you care about know about
everything that matters it can all be
deduced without any reference to the
Smith mon act because the one thing we
can all be sure of is that any entity in
the United States could get around that
without any effort it basically has no
teeth because there's nothing that would
stop me from uh let's say looking at
some media in another country and saying
oh I think I'll say that on social media
because that looked good to me that's
not illegal I could do it I'm just a
citizen I just saw some stuff and I
thought it'd be a good story so it
couldn't possibly be true that Smith M
Mont either caused anything or prevented
anything it would be far more reasonable
to say it doesn't do anything it's like
it's like you can forget that whole
story you know from the magga
perspective it it kind of gave some meat
to a belief but you don't need it you
got plenty all right so that's the first
thing I found now also you might know
that operation
Mockingbird was the CIA literally in the
50s and 60s um they had favored uh news
entities and journalists that they
influenced including the Washington Post
in the New York Times well well they
were
implicated so grock doesn't say they
were guilty GL grock says they were
implicated all right so and it it
remains to be seen according to grock
whether they were really guilty of that
but I think most of us believe that uh
the operation Mockingbird was
real and so that means in my
lifetime in my
lifetime the'
60s the CIA was was managing our news
and they don't have to manage every news
entity because if you get the washingon
post and the New York Times everybody
else just follows them they're they're
called the newsmakers meaning that until
it's in one of those entities at least
in the 60s it wasn't really news so if a
local newspaper had a big story nobody
cared didn't go anywhere it has to be in
the New York Times or the New York or
the Washington Post in those days that
was before you know
internet so allegedly there was this
church Committee in the 70s that exposed
this um this evil and then it was
ended do you do you think it was ended
because it became
illegal let's go back to lunch shall we
hey favorite journalist who works for
the Washington Post would you like to
have lunch
uh I work for the CIA and I know lots of
things that maybe off the Record you'd
like to know too all right well it's
just
lunch so let's have lunch all right
here's here's a scoop let me tell you
this scoop and they give him a real
scoop and the journalist says wow that
was worth it I'm glad I went to lunch
with that
guy and then maybe later you know he
needs some context on the story and he
contacts that CIA guy and says hey you
know I'm doing a story on this do you
have any context and CIA guy adds it
makes his story better journalist is now
killing it he's got two great stories
thanks to the CIA
contact and then there's another lunch
the CI cont CIA contact says you know
what God this terrible Trump guy wow
yeah I I don't know what the world's
going to do with this Trump Trump trump
guy trying to break all of our democracy
and doing racist things you know what's
your newspaper doing about Trump well I
I don't know I mean I haven't I don't
have any stories about that you know you
really should think about it because it
really is the biggest story in my
opinion I mean I'm not telling you any
CIA stuff and and of course the CIA
can't tell you to do it but wow it's the
biggest story uh how are you missing
that and the next thing you know the
journalist does not believe that they
have been influenced by the CIA they
just just think they have a good good
idea for a
story now this is just an example of
course but if you think that the law or
any kind of law like the uh Church
committee or whatever they found and
whatever whatever law changed if you
think the law can prevent somebody from
having
lunch what world do you live
in all they need is a conversation you
don't think that the CIA is trained and
how to manipulate some somebody into
doing what they want that's exactly what
they're trained to do not just in
America but to anybody if you sit down
with somebody who's trained to persuade
you you're going to leave that meeting a
little bit persuaded so you don't really
need to do anything illegal it's just
lunch just
lunch what
that
[Music]
uh okay that's bad all right
so I would ignore the fact that there
were any legal changes about what the
CIA can or cannot do sometimes it's the
CIA sometimes it's the state department
sometimes it's the Pentagon so when I
say the CIA did this or that what I mean
is any of those entities because they're
they're sort of joined at the hip for a
lot of
stuff
um so let me tell you what the magga
belief is and then we'll we see how it
connected to reality is so the mega
belief is that the CIA developed a bunch
of tools allegedly for influencing other
countries but they ended up turning
those tools on uh the populist movement
of trump because stopping populists in
other countries was mainly what they did
and stopping a uh Trump populist
movement was apparently some say
allegedly what they did next now we know
that there was some effort to um censor
Americans by controlling foreign
entities so if a foreign fake fact
Checker kept saying that X or something
was fake well then the European
countries could say well uh according to
our fake fact Checker that's paid by
usaid just as an example I don't know if
they are um according to the fake fact
Checkers this this one Elon Musk owned
plow form is just full of lies and Nazis
so I guess we can just ban it which
would put X out of business so we're we
do know that our own
government intentionally not by accident
got a whole bunch of fake entities in
other countries that that we
funded to do things that we couldn't do
legally in this country so it might have
been technically legal but certainly a
violation of everything we care about
constitutionally
so we know that's true so here are the
things we know are
true
um I'm not going to read that comment
but it's very funny uh the things we
know are true are that the our own
government has done a bunch of color
Revolutions in other countries now if
you don't know what a color Revolution
is it's because a lot of these coups
that are usually instigated by America
um they often have a color associated
with them
not always sometimes there'll be some
other some other label but let me just
give you an example of some some color
revolutions now let I should tell you
that the way they do the color
Revolution is they first do capacity
building this is also Mike Ben's
narrative uh the capacity building means
we we bribe or somehow get control of
various things within the country we're
targeting so if we could uh
let's say briber control their Media or
any part of it that'd be a big part of
it if we can control Union heads they
could tell the unions what to do that'd
be a big part of it uh if we can control
the universities so we're educating the
young people to be against their own
government and for us and you would try
to control minority groups because
they're the ones most likely to say hey
the government's not serving us we
better overthrow it
so uh if you saw USA going into a
country and even if they said oh we're
going to help you with your terrible
problems it it is it is verified that in
a number of cases some would say not
100% Mike Ben might say 100% but that
the CIA rides on the charity to get into
the country and then do its CIA thing
and that all of the Charities are
basically cover for that activity
because we don't do anything for another
country unless it has a domestic purpose
and the domestic purpose is controlling
other
countries so that's the that's the claim
so this is the narrative on the right so
if you if somebody were running a color
revolution in the United States we know
what to look for and I'll tell you that
in a minute but here are some of the
examples uh in 2000 Serbia had a
bulldozzer revolution so they didn't
have a color yet the colors came later
there was a rose revolution in Georgia
2003 there was an orange revolution in
Ukraine in 2004 there was a tulip
revolution in kyrgistan 2005 Cedar
revolution in Lebanon 2005 jees
Revolution Belarus 2006 saffron
Revolution Myanmar 2007 green movement
Iran 2009 Velvet Revolution Armenia 2018
some say that eurom Maiden which is also
Ukraine that came later the Arab Spring
in Hong Kong protest and Belarus protest
are sometimes also labeled
as color revolutions that's according to
grock so so this comes from
grock now did you know how many there
were that's kind of a lot and I think
this is not a complete list I think
maybe it's just you know the bigger
countries we're all we've all heard of
um so here are the things we know for
sure there have been decades in which
the CIA um controlled Americans by
brainwashing us through the media that's
not questioned by anybody left right we
all agree on that some say has stopped
happening but they are morons they are
morons there's no way to stop that from
happening
domestically there's no
way you know when I watch a movie like
Top Gun it's all rah Americans are good
at flying planes I don't think that
happens by itself you know I think they
maybe you know Tom Cruz makes amazing
movies and he has the power to do any
movie he wants and that and that was an
obvious sequel but I know do you think
that's totally without any influence by
our
government I don't know I have no
evidence that it is but it's exactly
what they do so I don't
know well now let's go to 2016 tie it
all together Trump wins unexpectedly how
did Trump win
unexpectedly because the bad guys failed
to believe it was true there was such a
thing as shy Trump
supporters that's
right the smartest people in our
government you know the Spooks and the
spies and the FBI and all the smart
politicians they all believed it wasn't
real when people like me were saying uh
you know what's coming right you know
that you've made it impossible to say
out loud who you who you support and you
know it's so
you can't even tell your spouse and you
know it's so bad that if a pollster
calls and you do support Trump you're
not going to take the call you know it's
so bad you might be lying to your own
spouse about who you support now that's
what they missed now I didn't miss it I
was saying it almost every day almost
every day I said you gotta watch out shy
Trump supporters it's way bigger than
you think and there's a logical obvious
reason for it because you've made it imp
possible to go public with your
beliefs and so sure enough Trump wins
unexpectedly and then what do you think
happened so one of the one of the tricks
that the color revolutions use is to say
that
Russia or or somebody else is behind who
is in office
now so you can get a you can get a
Revolution going if you can say oh the
current leader is a Russian
puppet see where this is going
what was the main attack on
Trump literally that he was a Russian
puppet this is textbook this is
guaranteed every time if you if the
America tries to overthrow a populist
the first thing they say is that's not a
populist that's a Russian puppet and
watch how hard they've pushed on the
Russian puppet thing and now as I was
saying the prairie dogs the people who
have exposed themselves as you know
being part of the corrupt machine
they were the ones pushing it Hillary
Clinton to this day is pushing the
Russia the Russia puppet thing about
Trump it's not an accident if if if all
they wanted to do was say there's bad
things about Trump you would just say a
million different things but the fact
that they converged on a whole madeup
Russia puppet
thing that's
textbook 100% indication that they
turned their external to TOS
internally it's not proof but it would
be the biggest coincidence in
the
world um especially since it wasn't true
if it were true then you just say well
it was just true but they made it up and
we know that they made it
up and then uh let's see what about the
capacity building if we were doing
capacity building in other places we
would fund things like universities huh
look at our univers
full of leftist anti-populist uh look at
our media huh the media seems completely
controlled just like we would do to
another country if we wanted to take it
over how about uh racial groups oh black
lives matter well suddenly we can make a
story on of this George Floyd thing that
if it had been based on the facts would
have been no story at all but if you
control the media you can turn the
George Floyd story into a St about
rampant uh racial problems in the
country that's exactly what we would do
to another country how about antifa and
by the way BLM was funded by us Aid did
you know
that um what about antifa well I don't
know where they came from but they
disappeared as soon as Trump was out of
office and given that they're supposed
to be anarchists they should be just as
mad as Biden at Biden as they would have
been at Trump they're anarchists are you
telling me the anarchists like Democrats
oh that's Joe Biden yeah that's fine but
you're an
anarchist yeah yeah uh but only when
Trump's in office right none of this
ever made sense it's obviously external
what about the charlotesville uh op to
me I think it's so obvious that the
Charlottesville thing was a government
op it's
exactly what you would
do exactly what you do to overthrow
another country you would have some kind
of event that showed the the uh racial
minorities that they better act because
they're in trouble you better act you
better get to the streets you better
vote well that looks suspiciously right
on point doesn't it now what about
District
Attorneys is there any history in which
we tried to control the district
attorneys in another country for the
benefit of overthrowing the government
have you heard of Joe Biden and his trip
to Ukraine in which he said if you don't
get rid of that um prosecutor you can't
have money from was it from
USA somebody said it was but I don't
know if that's
true so we watched the first thing Biden
had to do is get rid of the prosecutor
and get one in there that he
liked what did the Democrats and usaid
and George Soros fund they funded
friendly Das
and attorney generals so that they can
control prosecutions against who they
wanted to prosecute and then they
engaged them and then they went after
Trump all the law fair is the same thing
we would do in another country to
control their government we would the
same thing we would just find some fake
reason that the uh Das and the the law
has to go after them and they would be
our people the law would be basically
bribed by us
so that looks like exactly what's
happening Leticia James is still yelling
she's going to be suing Trump and trying
to put him in jail she's still saying it
um the other thing you'd want to do is
if you're were taking over another
country you'd want to you'd want to
weaponize their Department of Justice
like I just said but also if they had an
FBI or something like that you'd want to
control them too these are all the
things that happened to
us now is it a coincidence that the
precise exact tools that are used in
other countries and there's a long list
of times we've used them and they're
wellestablished tools nobody nobody's
doubting that those are the tools and
also nobody would doubt what I just
described there was a Russia collusion
hoax there was our University's media
black lives matter antifa are clearly
fake uh I say the charlottesv thing was
fake because it never happened again I
mean that's your that's your ultimate
signal if that had been real even after
they all got in trouble there would have
been some second wave third wave even if
it were smaller but no it just
disappeared okay it was never real the
racists were real but obviously was
organized by some dark entity that was
trying to mess with the United
States
um
so that's what we got going and of
course we know that in the United States
uh EI and climate change and trans
rights became our big uh weapons to use
against
who oh it just turns out that all of
those things can be used against the
populist huh coincidence right that the
things that you said to yourself why are
these the top
story they shouldn't be the top story
even if you think they're
important it's all
fake so when Mike Ben says there's no
such thing as domestic policy does that
make sense
now even getting rid of
trump is for the benefit of our
International policy and the things that
they use to get rid of them that you
think are domestic
policy are only to get rid of
them now there of course there are
people who agree with all these policies
but that's not why they're the big thing
the reason anything that become becomes
a big thing is because somebody the
curtains pushing it it doesn't become a
big big thing on its
own all
right
so
um did I already talk about Thomas
Massie who says that USA is gutted but I
can't tell if I thought about talking
about it or talking about so Thomas
Massie was saying that the omnius might
just put USA all back together I think I
told you that but yeah so that might
happen so we have a self-healing
criminal
system uh there's also something called
DRL according to American Thinker John
kski is writing about this um here's
what that is something that uh started
under Carter DRL and it's a has some
human rights agenda and foreign
policy and Central and practically
independent element of American foreign
Poli
policy so the thinking is that that's
just another one of these you know
 USA things like USA but
different
entity in other news Iran has unveiled
its first drone
carrier so it's like a um an aircraft
carrier except for drones
only and it's already
launched so apparently Iran will now
have the power to project drone swarms
wherever they
want uh I'd like to make a prediction
about the fate of their new their new
craft I'm going to give it uh 6
months before a catastrophic mechanical
problem causes it to blow up and Port
just a guess I think it might have a
terrible terrible mechanical problem
that hey if they if they' done a better
job of building it it wouldn't have
happened but sadly probably because
they're bad engineering they're going to
make a carrier that just explodes on its
own really and we weren't even anywhere
near it so don't look at us it just
exploded on its own Israel I don't know
what you're talking about no sometimes
things just explode on their own it's
very bad very bad
luck uh but Trump is calling for in
terms of Iran he wants a verified
nuclear peace agreement and he's he's
sort of talking like a president um in a
good way he said uh I would much prefer
a verified nuclear peace agreement which
will let Iran peacefully grow and
prosper I like how Trump always says
don't you want to
prosper you know that that's his go-to
for every adversarial country how about
we just stop fighting each other and you
just make a bunch of money how about
that because it's a pretty appealing
concept to at least the public if not
the
leaders um he said uh we don't want to
be tough on Iran we don't want to be
tough on anybody uh but they just can't
have a nuclear bomb
now I love the clarity of
that I love the clarity you're not going
to have a nuclear weapon when when
Israel says it you know they mean it as
well but you wonder if the United States
might prevent them to for doing what it
might take to get rid of it you know
such as you know bunker busting bombs on
nuclear facilities in Iran so you don't
necessarily think that Israel would have
the the green light to do what needs to
be done in
Iran but what if Trump says you
do when Trump
says the one thing I'll guarantee is
you're not going to get a nuclear
weapon what that tells me is what Trump
always says which is everything's on the
table so if Israel come let's say that
nothing good happens with Iran and
there's no progress and there's no talks
and there's not going to
be do you think that Trump is going to
stop Israel from taking out their
nuclear facilities I don't I think they
have a green light but not
yet we're going to see if Iran will you
know just want to join the the peaceful
world um you know now that their proxy
have been decimated it's a whole
different conversation so it's the best
time in the world to be negotiating with
Iran but I love the fact that we have
the capability of bombing to all of
their nuclear
facilities no matter how underground
they are and that it's green light so
you can talk to us about stopping it
yourself or will'll stop it but the
question of whether it will be stopped
is asked and answered yeah you don't see
see this is important if you act like
it's a negotiation it will beat one so
the mistake would be to say we need to
have a negotiation about your n nuclear
program nope fail you failed before you
started as soon as you say it's a
negotiation then they just drag it out
and they fake it and nothing happens if
you say you're not going to have a
nuclear weapon everybody knows what that
means it means that there's nothing we
won't do to stop it meaning we would
nuke you I don't think that's going to
happen but we'd nuke them before we' let
them have a nuclear weapon there's no
limit to what we'd be willing to do now
once you start your negotiations with
all right this thing's not going to
happen and now here's your decision so
he's see again he's making him think P
the sale the sale is do you do nuclear
or not he's saying that's solved now
that we've solved you're not going to
have nuclear CU we have the power notice
how he does this Trump always tells
people that he has the power so you can
stop thinking about it I've
decided wow what's this breaking news
Egypt says it will work with Partners to
reconstruct Gaza without Palestinians
leaving the
strip that sounds like a
non-starter but back to
Trump look how good the technique is and
you could take this with yourself and
I've used this by the way I've used this
technique a number of times and when I
do it always works it works every time
you never let it be a
discussion whether they can have the
thing that you don't want them to have
the thing you only tell them how they
can lose it all right we're not talking
about whether you can have it that's
already
settled we're going to talk about how
you don't have it do you not have it
because you decided to play nice and
then you make money we make money and
everybody's happy or did you decide to
do it by losing your control over your
own country while we just decimate your
nuclear program and good luck picking up
the
pieces so I don't think anybody's ever
put it in those terms before where the
question of whether you're going to have
it is now taken off the table that's
asked and answered and settled you are
not going to have it because we do have
the power Trump has 100% of the ability
to take it away from so he just said you
don't have it so now you only get to
decide what path you take to not have
it with bombs or no
bombs that is good technique you know
see sometimes the things that he says
are so ordinary looking that you don't
realize how deep the technique
is what he said I don't believe anybody
said it quite the way he said it but
also this is important because he's
Trump they think he would carry through
with a threat if Biden says uh we
I'd love to see Biden's language maybe
you can do a fact check on me find me
some quotes from Biden and I'll bet you
it says things like uh we're going to
work really hard to make sure Iran
doesn't have a nuclear weapon fail fail
complete failure uh we don't want Iran
to have a nuclear weapon fail fail fail
you you you already killed yourself
before you
started if you say
you're not going to have a nuclear
weapon now let's talk about how that
happens whole different narrative I mean
completely different frame and that's
that's what Trump does better than
anybody all
right uh according to Popular Science
there's a company that's building an
underwater
homes that you could live in for
extended times they're for research but
maybe someday they'll be underwater
homes all right that's all I have
I ran way too long I'm going to say hi
to the locals people privately I hope
you like this uh it's really hard
understanding all the various layers of
of things but I think we're getting
closer so locals I'm coming at you
privately if you're on xor rumble or
YouTube thanks for joining I'll be here
tomorrow same time same place remember
to sign up to subscribe to Dilbert
Reborn
e
e
e e