I hope doodoo um I'm a little bit early
today I've got lots of stuff to do today
but I didn't want to miss a chance for
the simultaneous hip I'm waiting I'm
waiting everybody grab your beverage
it's time to enjoy the unparalleled
pleasure the perfect moment the
simultaneous cept ready oh yeah I hope
it was just as good on your end as it
wasn't mine good stuff I got a number of
topics today let's start with president
Trump's video that he showed to North
Korea I've talked about this a few times
but I wanted to make a couple of points
that I have not yet made so you're
probably watching the enemy press the
people who hate President Trump
try to paint the video as ridiculous and
weird and bizarre and oh it's crazy and
it's over the top and you know how can
you take something as serious as nuclear
war and make it a little funny movie
clip and you know is that only because
you're a reality TV star and you can't
understand the world that any other
frame but television and movies etc now
if you remember in my book wind Bigley
which many of you have read I talked
about the fact two facts that are
important here one one of the facts is
that people who don't understand the
tools of persuasion walk through life
confused all the time and you can see
this with this the way people
interpreted the video you can see this
in stark relief so the people who don't
know how persuasion works they don't
understand it they don't
know the mechanism the tools they
wouldn't recognize that if they saw it
they look at the video and on a you know
an intellectual level they say yes it
was meant to persuade but look at it
it's just the mess so that's their
review of the world if they don't
understand persuasion they say yeah I I
understand it was made to persuade but
look at this it's just weird and it must
be a bad idea I don't see any technique
because they don't recognize it those of
us who have you know looked into
persuasion a bit looked at that video
and said oh my god this thing is
brilliant because it is just chock-full
with the strongest most well-executed
persuasion that you've probably ever
seen in one place so that's a whole
different world so that's another one of
those you know two movies on one screen
but one of the things I told you that
the the under-informed
don't know anything about is that
persuasion works just as well when the
person you're persuading knows exactly
what technique you're using it doesn't
seem like that should be the case but it
very much is and the the simple example
I always give is that if you see
something priced 999 you know $9.99 as
soon as you see it you say to yourself
oh they just made it a penny less than
$10 because psychologically I'll feel
like $10 is a lot more than 999 so at
the very moment you're thinking that and
of course we all do you know everybody
knows why things are priced 999 instead
of 10 it just feels cheaper it is you
know penny but it feels more cheap more
more than a penny cheap and yet well you
know businesses still do it why do they
do that trick if everyone knows it's a
trick and the answer is because it still
works and that's that's the weird thing
about persuasion
you can tell people what you're doing
right in front of them and say look I'm
gonna make you look at this thing first
because it will influence how you think
about this thing and the person will say
yeah I'm not so easily manipulated and
then you can do it right in front of
them and it will influence how they
think about the other thing so you don't
think that knowing the technique I mean
you think that knowing the technique
would make it not work as well that'd be
great because if that were true then you
could guard against it but it's not true
knowing it's made for persuasion seeing
the actual technique no difference is
just as good so in that putting that
frame on it when the critics are saying
my god is just so heavy-handed you know
this persuasion in this video I say so
apparently you don't understand how this
works
it is heavy-handed it is obvious
persuasion every technique in there even
to the you know people who are not
especially trained kid recognized that
oh he's trying to say you know that you
know your life will be better if you do
this the bat etc he's using visual
persuasion he's making it look like a
movie even if you didn't know too much
you'd understand that they're trying to
persuade what you wouldn't understand is
it works really well now should
President Trump have chosen to look good
in the eyes of the people who don't
understand persuasion and just play the
straight like a regular diplomat would
hey how you doing you know let's talk or
should he do what is very very effective
but he also knows that the media is not
going to see it there they're not going
to know you know what they're looking at
and I think once again he took the right
choice he made the choice that although
he will be mocked for it mercilessly and
his today it absolutely was the right
choice it's so much so right that I've I
branded had
is branded it the video that is as
perhaps one of the best diplomatic plays
of all time and a and partly I'm
positive about it because everybody wins
you know if Kim jong-un is influenced by
it he'll be influenced to build a great
country you know that nobody loses them
then alright so there's that I was just
watching I think it's a brand new
podcast video with Dave Rubin
interviewing Sam Harris now if you've
never watched any of Dave Rubens
interviews I recommend them highly he's
a great interviewer he's I've
interviewed with him twice he's he's
definitely in the top tier of people who
do that kind of thing but beyond that
his choice of guests is just way better
than you know well you'll see on
television or anything else he picks
really interesting people and then and
they talk about this in the in the in
the interview as well or discussion
maybe I call it a discussion they talk
about how his format which allows you to
have a long form you know it's just so
much more useful than hey you've got 30
seconds to make to make your point on
CNN before we go to commercial and then
somebody says something wrong about your
opinion and then it just hangs there
forever so the long form and what Dave
Rubin does is a whole a whole level more
useful than anything you're seeing on
television so he was talking to Sam and
my name came up a few times which is why
I was drawn to it somebody said hey your
name has been mentioned so I went over
and took a look and the parts that
mentioned me were not especially
interesting that for our purposes but I
was fascinated to listen to Sam's
description of the difference between
the left and the right now you know that
Sam is a one of the most vocal
anti-trump arse
very vocal and you know that I was that
Sam and I had a discussion on his
podcast about that and what Sam was
saying is that when whens people on the
right misinterpret him and he points it
out they're more likely to just correct
it say oh okay I guess I I guess I
didn't have the information right so let
me correct that
but the people on the left simply take
his words out of context make up a
meaning that isn't his something
ridiculous and then assign it to him and
then argue why he's an idiot because of
the opinion they hallucinate it and
assigned to him now I thought you know
it maybe many of you probably thought
hey I thought that only happened to me
so you know I made a prediction a while
ago that although Sam is the you know
one of the most vocal and effective I
would say anti-trump errs that over time
his his views might evolve and then he
might move from being as anti-trump as
you could get to something closer to Wow
okay I don't like it but he is getting
stuff done
and I don't think he's there yet but
when you watch when you watch these
these little signs like the fact that
he's recognized the sign that most the
side that most agrees with him about
President Trump the people who are all
on his side on this big political issue
are horrible which he's understanding
now they're simply misinterpreting him
for lord knows what reasons so he's
already developed sort of a I'd say an
affection for the people on the right
that he's having trouble getting from
the people on the left it was just in
the political realm and I would say that
that that mirrors very much my
experience you know I've told you so
many times you're tired of hearing it
that my own political views are sort of
left to Bernie at least in a lot of the
social issues and a lot of the other
stuff I usually just don't even
understand like trade trade imbalances
and well I understand it imbalance but
trade trade negotiations and you know
the big stuff I don't really understand
that stuff but I'm left to Bernie and a
lot of the social issues however the
people who are nicest are on the right
you know of course there's the crazies
on the far-right who or who are actual
racists and stuff and I'm not
discounting that they exist but just at
a day to day interaction the people on
the right are just nicer to me even when
they disagree so we'll see if Sam
continues to evolve and I loved in the
conversation of a Dave Rubin I'm
forgetting the exact context but I think
Dave pointed out that although the
president as Sam would note departs from
the fact-checking
quite frequently and more more
aggressively than we've ever seen before
that the results seem to be fairly
consistently good so we're seeing the
economy good you know blah blah blah you
know you know all the success and things
with North Korean look to be moving at
least in the right direction at the
moment and Sam acknowledges those things
you know that at least I think where he
is and this would be my own
interpretation which which could be
wrong but I think that would say the
Trump at least hasn't broken the economy
he hasn't broken North Korea he hasn't
broken the fight against Isis so there's
a whole bunch of stuff that he hasn't
broken which is better than a lot of
people thought would happen
right yeah nobody said not yet that's
what I'm getting to
so if you listen to Sam's
concerned you know what is it that he
hates most about the whole Trump
experience I tried to I tried to
understand his point in whatever would
be the Christmas clearest way and I
couldn't get there so let me see if I
could even maybe restate it in my own
words and and you know if Sam sees this
or anybody has a better idea of his
opinion please fact-check me because I'd
like to be one of those people who if I
misinterpret somebody's opinion that I
correct it it seems to be the Sam's
concern about Trump is that his
departure from the facts is so extreme
compared to other other experiences with
politicians then it will cause a lasting
damage that beyond the immediate Trump
experience which I think he would he
would admit has not broken anything yet
you know the economy is going ok etc but
that there's some lasting psychic damage
or possibly precedent damage or possibly
it encourages other people to be bad
because they see that it works or or
society and loses its interest in facts
entirely and maybe just stops caring
about accuracy which would be long-term
lasting damages according to Sam now I'm
not going to tell you that that can't
happen it's a he describes a
hypothetical world where the the
experience of Trump causes some lasting
damage beyond beyond the presidency but
I can tell you I don't see it there
whatever that is that he sees as a big
you know obvious problem
I actually regarded as zero and that's
such a difference the difference between
an enormous problem that could you know
have lasting negative impacts on the
Republic and therefore the world because
the u.s. is such a big big footprint on
the world I actually don't see it at all
and there are lots of things that I can
disagree with that I can see you know
you could practically every point of
view that I disagree with I can see it
you know if somebody says I don't like
the tax cuts because the deficit will
run up I can see a deficit you know
conceptionally I may have a different
opinion about what's important but at
least I can see it
you know if somebody says abortion is
killing and somebody says it's not I can
see both of those things no matter which
side I want to be on but when sam says
that there's a big problem with the
Trump experience that will ripple on
beyond Trump you know if it isn't
already a problem with him into his
office I can't see it it's actually
invisible to me and I think maybe the
difference is that I see Trump as such a
unique character that there doesn't I
don't think there's any risk that there
will be a second Trump but not at all to
me that that risk seems of vanishingly
small I would say there's a you know a
99% chance that the president after
Trump will be the antidote to trump in
other words it's far far more likely you
know maybe a hundred to one that the
next president is whatever is the
reaction to Trump if not another one
right so in the way that Trump was a
reaction to Obama there will be a
reaction to Trump because people will
say well you know that was good or we
had enough of it let's try something
else
and
the other thing where I disagree with
Sam is that Sam is he has an assumption
that's unfounded which is interesting
because his his brand and I would I
would acknowledge I would compliment him
for this his brand is rationality you
know rigorous thought his brand is facts
matter getting the facts wrong is
dangerous and that the more factual the
more accurate the better you think the
better your outcomes I don't think that
and I also think it hasn't been that
much that true in the past now certainly
in the situation of engineering and
science yes facts certainly better you
know if your engineering or your your in
science or your you know even if you're
building a product yeah yeah you totally
want to get the facts right you want to
use the best reasoning the best thinking
etc but in the realm of politics facts
don't matter now let me clarify that
facts do matter to the outcome of course
if you walk in front of a truck the
truck is the fact the truck kills you
that matters but the way people make
decisions is so divorced from facts and
always has been the Trump actually
doesn't add anything that wasn't already
there all he does does he does it better
let me say that again the world the
politics was always a hundred percent
always it was just different
the thing that Trump has added is that
he just does more of it and he does it
better he because he understands yeah
the the field of persuasion and he puts
a high priority on it he understands
that he can ignore
the details the facts completely as long
as he's moving things in the right
direction so he prioritizes the outcome
you know I positive outcome whether
that's make America great again making
the economy better you know winning
against Isis getting a good result where
North Korea President Trump prioritizes
winning highest now in this case winning
is not a bad thing because he's not
trying to make other countries you know
lose in a way that's not a fair let's
say not losing someone fair way he would
obviously like to get the better of the
deals and and and make America first in
every way that's his job as president
but his priority is to get the good
outcome compare that to someone who is a
politician whose wait for it priority is
the truth compare those two leaders you
take out take away the take away the
personalities you don't even have to
think about Trump just two imaginary
leaders one prioritizes winning in this
case winning doesn't mean other people
lose it just means the best result you
know the best economy the strongest
military the the avoiding war you know
the best result so that so one
politician says I'm gonna ignore the
facts to get you here I might tell you
some things there a little bit of
hyperbole to get you here because that's
you know and and I'm gonna get a lot of
criticism about getting some facts right
wrong but I'm gonna get you here I'm
gonna give you this wedding place
winning is the priority and I think it'd
be fair to say that the president
President Trump has very clearly and
from the start said winning is the
priority make America great again is the
priority nobody's missed that right do
you ever remember a time when President
Trump said look at
I'm gonna put the truth above winning
I'm gonna put the truth above you being
happy I'm gonna put the truth above a
good result I'm gonna put the truth
above national defense I'm gonna put the
truth above feeding the poor I'm gonna
put the truth above keeping you safe
from terrorists do you remember him
promising that that he would put the
truth as a higher higher priority than
making our lives better and making
making the world a better place he
didn't he never made that that no
promise like that was ever made now
imagine a second hypothetical leader
someone else who comes in and says
there's been too much lying in this you
know this trump administration I will
only tell you the truth I'll only tell
you the truth and let's say that that
person does that only tells you the
truth which leader do you want because
the person who doesn't who only tells
you the truth has prioritized the truth
over a good result in my opinion those
two are not even in the same game one is
a major league MVP and the other is
little league the you know you could
argue they're both baseball but they're
not comparable and then anyway all right
so when Sam prioritizes the truth I
think that makes of course perfect sense
for you know science for engineering for
I would say most corporations should
prioritize the truth you know give or
take a little marketing the marketing
spin but everybody knows what what's
going on there in your personal life I
would recommend you use the truth as
much as is practical you know if your
spouse gets a bad haircut
and it's gonna grow back end well maybe
you say it doesn't look
that but nobody you know that's not a
crime so in in most realms the truth is
actually the way to go and the truth
will also get you to the best result so
for most of life the truth is exactly
the best strategy it gets you to a good
place right in politics it's upside down
in politics the truth gets you not
elected in politics the truth gets your
country destroyed in politics the truth
makes your economy sputter because
people say gosh you're telling me the
truth that there we have some problems
with the economy and then they don't
invest because they think next year's
gonna be even worse but if you tell them
that things are great even if they
aren't and things are gonna be even
better next year even if you're not sure
that's true what happens people invest
they say hey I think this guy says
things are gonna be great he sounds
persuasive I'll invest and next year you
do have a good economy because all those
people invest it so here's my point
Sam's prioritization of reason and truth
are very strong principles that work in
almost every realm of life except
politics in politics it would be a
disaster now you may say to yourself but
I wish that weren't true and I can even
agree with you I'll say I wish that
weren't true I wish you could have a
politician who did nothing but tell the
truth and that when that happened you
would get a good result let me give you
an example of what would happen let's
say President and Scott gets elected so
president scott adams takes office and i
got elected on the platform of always
telling the truth
so here i'm gonna i'm gonna do that
right now
president scott adams so i can you give
us a speech well sure let me tell you
the truth the truth is that since I took
office
the economy is up five percent and I
think it's gonna do even better and then
somebody else says that's now right you
measured it wrong that's not the truth
the truth is that the last president is
responsible for the economy you just
inherited it the truth is that it's you
don't know it's gonna go up the truth is
that things are trending negative it's
going to be bad so here's the thing in
politics there is no truth in science
sometimes there is in math quite often
there is there's a true answer that you
can eventually get everybody to agree
with if you use the scientific principle
will you repeat your experiment you you
publish in the right places you get
enough people to review your work you
can get to something that's like truth
in politics that's not a thing it's just
not a thing there is no process to get
there and if you could I don't know that
you'd want to because it wouldn't get
you to the right place what you want is
to win what you want is to have your
priorities right which is winning that's
why we elect the leader we don't elect a
leader to tell us the truth and if they
tried we wouldn't believe it
or at least half the country wouldn't
believe it the people on the other side
are gonna say yeah I know we I know
you've got elected because you're you're
the guy who tells the truth all the time
but look at you you're lying right now
even if you're telling the truth so in
politics there is no realistic end point
where people tell the truth and you get
the best results that's just not a thing
president Trump in my opinion this is my
analysis you've been saying for a few
years now understands his priorities
better than almost anybody you've ever
seen in your life and he's willing to
take the heat for the fact that you
don't understand priorities I like about
that sentence so much I'm gonna say it
again Trump knows priorities really
really well you saw him you saw in his
campaign that he prioritized social
media above traditional ads that was the
correct choice you saw that he
prioritized the Rust Belt states and
spent a lot of time there you know made
sure his message fit there and that got
him elected you saw Hillary Clinton
prioritize all the wrong stuff she
prioritized her gender Hillary Clinton
prioritized her gender it was the least
important part of the election because
yes I would be happy to have a female
president because I'd like to get past
that past that barrier in the same way I
was I was happy to have any President
Obama there are some barriers that
society is better off getting past but
it's not a priority it's not better than
beating Isis having a good good economy
and all those things so those are
barriers yeah you know to that point I
can't I can't think of any time during
the election that I heard any
Republicans say the Hillary Clinton's
gender was a reason not to vote for that
just wasn't even a thing
literally heard it zero times and have
an artist since then and when you talk
to Republicans that the same people that
Hillary would say are at least far too
many of them are sexist and that that
might have cost the election if you say
the Republicans today who who do you
think would be a good president after
after Trump what do most Republicans say
you know Nikki Haley so Republicans
right so you were there nikki Haley so
the Republicans the very same people who
are were accused of being sexist if he
asked them who would be you know at the
top of your list for the next president
after after Trump people say nikki Haley
so the whole you know Republicans are
sexist or or the the glass ceiling I
argue that the glass ceiling was already
broken by by Clinton so my argument is
that although Hillary Clinton did not
get elected she did win the popular vote
and and she took gender off the table so
it wasn't breaking the glass ceiling in
the normal way where he actually get the
job but she did break the glass ceiling
in the sense that nobody will ever had
that problem so that the the whole idea
that a woman can be president completely
gone if anybody even had that you know
in 2016 I didn't hear it it wasn't even
part of the conversation but Hillary
Clinton extinguished it right and and I
always think that as you know as much as
you you want to criticize her if you're
you know if you're approached on for a
Republican or just anti-hillary there
are plenty of things you can criticize
her for any politician that would be
true but you gotta give her that she did
break the glass ceiling she just didn't
get the job which is slightly different
so I give her that now for those of you
who are staid toward the end I want to
share with you my most problematic ideas
some of you saw my tweet this morning
there's a publication if you can call
that called Metro Metro us or just Metro
and there's a writer there who
characterized my video that Kanye
tweeted round this is how the writer
characterized that he said that he said
that I said racism isn't a problem and
then you can cure it with positive
thinking now that's pretty much the
opposite of my opinion I think you've
watched enough of my periscopes to know
that I put a considerable amount of my
own time and reputation into dealing
with racism you know trying to figure
out how to minimize it so I put amazing
amounts of personal risk time money you
know reputation everything else into
that very problem and then some idiot
you know characterizes as I say that
racism doesn't exist ah anyway so I'm
gonna do that again so I'm gonna take a
personal risk now and it's a pretty big
one because whenever you talk about
racism if you're if you're not black
you're putting yourself in a dangerous
situation because people are gonna
interpret what you say incorrectly so
I'm gonna I'm gonna bring up a topic
that I'm pretty sure will be
misinterpreted but I think those of you
watching this know where my intentions
are so at least the people watching this
will not take it out of context and
here's here's the idea it seems to me
that well let me back up I've said this
before that white supremacist will often
say that white people are awesome
because you know Thomas Edison invented
things and
and you know was a great scientist and
yeah and a whole bunch of white people
did some amazing things and I look at
that and I go but none of those people
are you well how do you get how does the
white supremacists
you know living in a shack somewhere get
credit for the fact that Einstein was
smart yeah somebody said Einstein was
Jewish but let me just clean up my
example then and say whoever it is
Edison
so the point is yeah forget the Einstein
example you're right but the point is
how do you take credit for the
accomplishments of other people it just
doesn't make sense and let me let me
explain why I think it is that we do
that it seems to me that people have two
identities everybody has an identity
which is their personal identity the
stuff that they've done they've
experienced they feel but in the in
addition to our individual identity we
have yes somebody set a tribal identity
and I suppose people identify their
tribe differently based on a number of
factors but if your tribe is white
people you you imagine that some of the
goodness or badness of white people is
also attributed to you that that somehow
that brand of white people you know for
good or bad is part of who you are and
I'm gonna tie it tie it together some
ideas here but I want to do it carefully
so bear with me while I well I pulled
together some pieces that look
disconnected until they are connected so
I wrote wrote a book called had it
failed almost everything and still win
big which was largely a book on how to
have a strategy for success no matter
how you define success so it was about
having systems instead of goals about
you know building talent stacks and
about having a strategy for success in
life no
what it is you wanted in particular and
I've spent a tremendous amount of time
thinking if there was say that same
advice works just as well whether you
think your tribe is white people or
women or band or black people whatever
you think your group identity is is a
given it is my generic advice you're
gonna work just the same for everybody
and I'm starting to think no and that
there there are some tweaks you need to
to account for the fact that people have
two identities their self and their
group and if you haven't accounted for
the group part you're missing who they
are and how they're gonna act yeah and
I'm gonna tie this together in a minute
just bear with me so I had a neighbor
years ago it was a 70 year old guy and
this was 20 years ago
so imagine he was born 90 years ago and
he was born into poverty white guy and
he he told the story I think they didn't
have electricity in his house you know
obviously didn't have running water had
an outhouse and he had nothing just
absolutely nothing he joined the
militant a military by lying about his
age got into the Navy at age 16 but
eventually he became very rich because
he was he was my neighbor in a rich
neighborhood
he lived in a you know multi-million
dollar home and one day I was talking to
him about how he made it like what was
his strategy like huh how did he what
was his big break he told me this story
one of his first jobs just a normal job
was selling salt to grocery stores so
his boss was some salt manufacturer I
guess if if that's what you call it
a salt vendor and he would go into
stores and say hey instead of that
another guy's salt why don't you carry
my brand of salt and I laughed when he
told told me this I said how in the
world do you sell salt you know isn't
salt as the most generic thing you could
possibly sell
like what what possible strategy to use
to sell salt better than the other
people who sell salt because you know in
a free market the the price should
eventually be exactly the same because
the product is the same and he said well
let me tell you a story and here's the
story you told me about one particular
sale he said he went into some smaller
you know local grocery store tried to
sell the salt couldn't make the sale he
had you stop back a few times so he knew
that he knew the guy he was calling on
but the guy already had salt he didn't
need any another vendor of salt well one
day the guy mentioned that he was going
to be reorganizing his store you know
reorganizing the shelves which is as you
can imagine an enormous task if you're a
small business owner to reorganize all
your shelves so this vendor of salt
shows up at the store on I guess it was
a Saturday or Sunday or something and he
shows up ready for work this is the the
salt vendor who has not sold any salt to
this guy he goes I'm here to help you
organize your store and the store owner
is like well you know I didn't ask for
that but you're here you're in your work
clothes you've already allocated the
time so he spent a half a day you know
working with guy just asking nothing in
return all he did was help him organize
the store and then he left a few days
later he gets the order for salt so how
did he get this sale what he did was he
didn't sell salt he sold himself and he
sold greater value than a regular salt
seller can provide he sold credibility
he used reciprocity
yeah the he used the power of
reciprocity to give this guy something
which they're thereby improved his value
now I'm getting to a an important point
which will later be taken out of
to make me sound like a racist but I'm
not there yet I contend they're part of
my group identity is that guy the
saltcellar so because I'm an individual
and I have my own identity but I'm also
part of a tribe of you know even if I
don't think of it that way it's sort of
automatic I'm sort of the tribe of white
guys just as you know if you're Jewish
you're part of the tribe of Jewish
people in Center and my story my tribal
story is all kinds of examples of the
sole salesman there are all examples
where somebody has built an asset out of
nothing by giving things away all right
and that the that you create value by
what you do for other people and that
that's the base strategy that I use I
use it all the time all right my
strategy if I want something from
somebody I you know and it would help me
in some way my first thought is what
could I do for them how do I create
value by doing something that I'm not
asked for and don't expect any kind of
direct compensation for that's my
strategy and I would I would argue that
it it's a really good strategy now
imagine if you were Jewish but you had
no parents no no relatives who went
through the Holocaust that would still
be part of your group identity wouldn't
it even if you had no connection even
indirectly to the Holocaust and another
of your relatives were there you weren't
there it's still a part of your tribal
identity I think you'd agree with that
if you're black and you were born in
this country and you think that your
tribal identity so to speak goes back to
goes back to actual slavery would that
have an effect on what you do today well
there's evidence that that is the case
because and by the way this
please fact-checked me on this I believe
this is true but it sounds racist so if
it's wrong I'll corrected in the future
but I believe it's true that black
immigrants from is it the West Indies
who never went through the whole slavery
identity thing perform better in the
United States I know and also our recent
immigrants from Africa perform better
than people who were born here who
identified themselves with with the with
this slavery experience I'm seeing lots
of yeses but be careful because those of
you who read you know more conservative
media you're gonna see that statistic
which doesn't mean it's true so so be
careful because that's a statistic you
kind of see on one side and doesn't
doesn't get reported on the other side
so you should be a little skeptical but
but assuming that's true let's just walk
through the logic here so what is it
about how people perceive themselves as
part of a group which might be a big
obstacle for the people who see
themselves coming from a model of
slavery as part of their past have you
have you connected the dots yet imagine
yourself
alright I'm gonna put you in put you in
this end just just deal with me or come
with me on this little mental journey
imagine yourself as a descendant of
slaves right put yourself in the head
for a minute just imagine that that's
your reality you've never been a slave
you've never met anybody was a slave you
don't know anybody who was a slave owner
or descendants of slave owners you
personally have no connection to it but
your brand identity your your group
identity that also influences your
decisions is very much informed by the
slavery example if that's who you are
yourself plus that group identity of
slavery
how easy is it for you to give something
away to a white person for nothing if
you if you're if your mindset is that
slavery is where your group identity is
largely you know influenced could you
say yeah I think my strategy in life is
to give things away for free and because
most of the people who you know are in
the country are white seventy-five
percent to whatever it is no it's less
than that but the people who have got
resources and our bosses and own
companies and stuff are highly skewed
toward white people and those are the
people that you need to influence to get
what you need to get the job to get the
the contract to sell salt how how could
you feel good about yourself giving
something for nothing to the group that
you identify as the slave owners or
descended from or benefiting from you
know in some indirect way how could you
give them something for nothing could
you let me be honest you know imagine
yourself in this situation and the most
the most effective common strategy that
white people use to succeed is figuring
out how to give somebody else something
for nothing because that's how they get
something it's how they create value but
if you're but if you if your
self-identity is that you came from
slavery the last frickin thing you might
be inclined to do is give somebody
something for another alright so I put
this out there not because I'm sure it's
true or that that I've identified the
problem this is part of my larger
strategy that I talked about the
diversification of ideas if
this might be something it might be
nothing but it's certainly going to make
you think about it a little differently
than you did before so let me see if I
hit just that one point whether you
think this is you know useful or right
let's let's keep that separately did it
make you think of this situation a
little differently have I accomplished
the only thing I'm trying to do which is
to shake the box a little bit and just
make you think of it a little
differently okay then can you give me
that a yes or no on that all right so
most people are saying yes and thank you
for that feedback somebody else said the
left is going to roast you for this they
will so I'm taking a taking a page from
President Trump in this regard my
priority is to see how we can make the
world a better place I have less of a
priority about protecting my you know my
image from trolls and I have less of a
priority about you know protecting my
ego protecting and I'm rich enough that
even if I lost my job I'd still be fine
so my priority is to see if I can get us
to the next level of thinking or even if
that even if my ideas are not the right
ones just to shake it up a little bit
now yes so somebody is quoting back
something that I've been saying for a
while now if you imagine that your ego
is who you are then it would be very
hard for you to say well I don't know if
I can give something for nothing to some
group that I identify with my as my
oppressor who gives you know if you feel
you're being abused the last thing you
do is give somebody a gift or abusing
you your ego doesn't let you do that but
if you say I'm not my ego my ego is
something I can like
uses a tool I can ratchet it up you know
let's say I'm I'm gonna play a sporting
thing where I'm gonna apply for a job I
ration buy you go up so I feel good I
feel confident and go in and feel that
good but if my ego is just in the way
and it doesn't allow me to create value
for myself by doing something first for
somebody else then your ego is just an
obstacle it's not it's not who you are
it's just an obstacle all right I did an
interview with Michael malleus yesterday
on his podcast he just sent me the links
to them so look for that number of
people have asked asked us to have a
conversation and so we did so I'll I'll
tweet that and within the hour
yeah and I hope you like it all right I
will talk to all of you later