um yes
you see there's that you know what that
means not only is it an attractive
fashion accessory but it allows me to
talk to guests and so I will be inviting
some guests on to ask you some deeply
personal questions deeply personal oh
yeah I will be the one to asking the
question at this time so wait for that
wait for that so what a weird day was
for me I told you before how strange it
is to be me and how small the world has
become and today I'm just minding my own
business
looking on Twitter like I often do and
I'm thinking what's happening on Twitter
anything new and I look at a comment and
there's somebody commenting back to me I
forget what the comment was but I saw in
the comments that he was commenting back
to me and one other person and then one
another person who was President Trump
and I thought to myself wait a minute
how does a reply how would a reply have
the two of us in there did he add and
then I thought I wonder if and I checked
president Trump's timeline and yes he
had the three retweets of me and a
retweet of something that I tweeted
about about something Greg said on the 5
and I thought what I'm just minding my
own business and the President of the
United States is is tweeting by a funny
video so I may be I'm not writing the
simulation I'm open to the possibility
that there's some other explanation for
this reality but my life does not
conform
anything normal it is so unusual and
always has been that's the weird thing
even as an even as a kid my my ordinary
experiences seems as somewhat
extraordinary even to me
yeah meaning that just things that you
wouldn't expect could could happen
happen all the time and I don't know
what that's about
honestly I don't I I assume it's
selective memory that's my best best
guess but why would I have so many of
these stories that I have selectively
remembered but other people don't
why wouldn't other people remember their
cool stories like is it just a weird
coincidence that that we're the stuff
happens to be all the time alright so
that was a lot of fun and I don't know
if you saw which which one's the
president retweeted but that alone is
worth looking at so a couple things so
it seems it would seem the Kim jong-un
is alive
did you see that Kim jong-un Supreme
Leader north Korea has appeared on video
and still photography at a fertilizer
plant grand-opening seem to quite spry
seem quite healthy look like he didn't
have a care in the world and it look
real to you do you believe it well the
president tweeted that he wished him
well and the president already had said
he knows what the situation is so he had
hinted that he was confident he knew the
situation and Ian said before then he
wished Kim jong-un well and sure enough
you know if you're wishing someone well
that would indicate you know you think
that they're you know whatever it is is
gonna pass
and then today he he said I think that
tweet was I for one you know I'm glad to
see him chug on his as well or something
like that so it was just purely friendly
later the leader tweet so now we have
the evidence that he's alive we have a
video we've got still photography we've
got the president's tweet seems pretty
authoritative wouldn't you say and and
by the way South Korea never said that
he was there was any problem in the
first place
as far as South Korea was concerned they
were like we don't say anything so it's
that's a are we done that's their right
well or are we let me just put this
conspiracy theory into your head now I
do this in the spirit of entertainment
if anything I say it convinces you that
some of this is true well that's on you
because this is conspiracy theory story
time you are not to take these things
too literally or should you that is what
you will decide look at the look if you
will at the video of Kim Jong and
visiting the plant and tell me that
you're positive that's the same guy in
all of the pictures tell me you're
positive that's the same guy because in
one of them it's either a different guy
or he had dental surgery if something
was puffed up during the middle of the
visit and it only lasted a few minutes
because it wasn't there and the other
photographs is it my imagination or are
they are the pictures that shared the
fertilizer plant were there was also
coincidentally the the the pictures in
which the alleged Kim Jong un was kind
of far away am I am I wrong about
am I am i wrong that the close-ups of
Kim and his face that are clearly him am
I wrong to say that those don't show
much of a background could be anywhere
but the ones where he's sort of far away
and it looks like it could be some kind
of fertilizer plant well indeed he's a
he's a little smidge but he's not a
fertilizer plant sure enough if you
think that looks like him now further
evidence I submit to you if you're just
joining don't take any of this too
seriously
further evidence I submit to you look at
the still photograph of the alleged kim
jungeun cutting the red tape you will
notice that directly beneath Kim jong-un
there's a shadow it's a shadow between
his two feet look for the direction of
the Sun is the Sun directly above him no
it is not it is quite clearly fairly
down in the horizon because the the
shade from the building which we can see
in other photographs is very long so if
it's a long shadow it means the Sun is
really low so that's who that was the
only lighting it was outdoors it's the
only lighting and yet the Sun is on the
side but the only shadow is between Kim
jong-un's legs haha
wouldn't you also expect there would be
a second shadow on the other side of the
second leg why only one leg shows a
shadow is he part vampire is one leg of
empire leg
it doesn't cast a shadow or or is it
possible
there's a little Photoshop magic now you
say to yourself that that background is
very distinctive looks real to me but I
submit to you it looks like that is a
mobile viewing stand and a mobile area
where he probably cuts a lot of red tape
probably fits that right on his train or
whatever truck
he brought I think they take it with him
it looks like they don't build that on
the spot it looks like that Kim
jong-un's official platform for cutting
stuff so is it possible that they have
spliced together so real video of Kim
jong-un's face from whatever he was
feeling great with some great ear photo
that's harder to tell that is him but
you could definitely tell that there's a
fertilizer plant and maybe there's a
still photograph that's suspiciously
unclear why would you have an unclear
photograph that's coming from an
official source because the video wasn't
unclear there were there were no still
photos they were nice and clear and
shadows only applied to one leg about
two one of the bend had no shadow at all
he had no shadow between his legs he had
no shadow to the side but another one
also had a shadow below but none to the
side three people same place in relation
to the Sun I'm just saying I'm just
saying so clearly if you put all the
clues together in conspiracy theater it
can only mean one thing that China the
United States outhe
possibly whoever we're talking to a
North Korea have decided that until
things can be sorted out we want no kind
of information getting out the president
of course would be wise to play along
and say absolutely
glad you're feeling great which is what
you say just a few days after saying I
hope things turned out well because
that's a pretty fast recovery isn't it
from I hope things turned out well
- hey you're looking pretty good getting
around great pretty fast
wouldn't you say and this concludes
episode 1 of conspiracy theater in which
if you believe any of it it's at your
own risk I will deny everything it
didn't happen none of this happened
there so damn it somebody says I would
like to take a volunteer I need a
volunteer who will answer a personal
question
well sorry personal nothing that you
would necessarily mind saying in front
of other people the question would be
about your internal mental thought
processes so I'm going to ask you what
you go through in your head in certain
situations what you see that sort of
thing so I'm looking for some volunteers
who and I'm not taking questions all
right I'm gonna be asking the questions
this time so we'll see if somebody's
game so let's see let's go with I think
mark mark seems like the kind of guy
would you answer a question mark hello
are you there I all right are you game
to answer a question about your own
mental process sure all right when
you're doing a simple math in your head
7 +
I've described the process that happens
in your head and I split the five so at
the three to get ten and then at the two
on to the tenth get ten and what are you
seeing are you seeing digits are you
seeing units or items when you say you
split it and you had it what are you
seeing
it's our digits so you're seeing digits
so you're actually manipulating digits
now let me tell you what I see and if
this is by way of explaining that we're
all living on her own reality so if I
add 7 & 5 I see dominoes and I see you
know Domino with 5 on it at Domino were
7 dots and I I just look at them and but
I don't do that with every number I just
do it with that that combination all
right when you are planning to drive
someplace and let's say that you're not
going to use GPS because it's someplace
that you you can get to easily enough
without GPS do you do you picture the
entire route and if so do you picture it
from a bird's eye perspective a map like
you're reading it or from the cars
perspective when you visualize it go if
I'm going somewhere and I know and I've
done the trip before I don't I don't
think before I go so you don't - you
know visualize it you just drive and
take the turns when would you know the
terms are ready to be thinking all right
I I will always visualize the entire
drive and if I can't visualize it all
GPSS
even even if there are a hundred times
I'll be like okay why can't I see the
whole path so so there's a difference
all right when when you make decisions
today let's say big career decisions etc
do you visualize yourself in the future
as the older version of you in that
situation say 20 years from now like you
main wrinkles and that kind of stuff
well you know not not just the physical
part but like every part of that do you
do you do you visualize yourself in the
movie that is you in the future
with those decisions you've made working
out for you I think I visualized the
things will work out as an older person
probably visualize myself and by him now
which is unrealistic but I never so so
that's interesting because I saw a study
I forget when it was a while ago
in which they found that they could
convince people to save more for their
retirement if they showed so if they
showed the person a digital version of
themselves aged so they would be
artificially aged and if they could see
themselves at an older age they would
save more money because they would be
saving for that version of themselves
but as a concept if they just thought
about it you know that that future
person isn't real
yeah it's sort of a conceptual you in
the future so that's interesting so baby
maybe you should alright thanks so much
for the call thank you alright yeah
alright so that was male let's do if we
can get the female perspective from this
rhetorical
let's hope amidst rhetorical is a real
person who is coming on the line this
rhetorical hi are you are you game to
answer some questions about your
internal thought process yes alright
when you are trying to fall asleep you
close your eyes now tell me what you
think
think about anything well you that's
impossible it's it's possible not to
intentionally think about anything are
you saying that you allow whatever
thoughts do it to your mind just to do
it on their own
yes and no okay pick one pick one is it
more yes or no no so so what happens if
you have unpleasant thoughts do you just
go with it no so you push him out yes so
you do manage your your thoughts do you
ever imagine that when you're trying to
fall asleep do you imagine the current
world or something that will be are you
thinking about what could be or will be
or or your current situation you're
there in bed what will be and do you
think of the positive version of it or
do you do the worrying version where
you're making lists and worrying about
getting everything done tomorrow
positive so yeah actually and how often
is your positive practical is it like
yeah it'll work out where is it like
really really positive no it's more like
dreaming so more like dreaming like
anything's possible right so you could
be and okay and in your imagination are
you the star of it and what are you
doing no I'm not the star of it I
usually dream about other people other
beings
you mean me and other humans yes yes
mostly humans yes okay alright so so you
actually have you have movies in your
head in which you're not one of the
actors or you're just not the star I'm
not the star so you're just not
oh wow well let me let me tell you
that's a little bit different than my
daydreams so so the the the audience
what I'm trying to get at here is how
different our internal worlds are
because the the real life that you lead
is as much that secret internal one
that's that's the way you process
thoughts that's the one that you can't
share nobody ever sees so if somebody
doesn't ask these you know pretty
probing specific questions you would
never know how definite was I will tell
you that I would never have a daydream
in which I was not the personal star of
it because why not I'm just making it up
if you can make it up make yourself the
star because that's that's what most
directly feels good to me but I don't
think there's a right or wrong to that
it's just interesting that we have
differences all right thanks for the
call and let me take another one let's
do let's do oh man there's a lot of
people on tonight all right let's do
Alex Alex Alex Alexis or something Alex
are you game - it's about your thought
process yeah can you hear me yes again
all right here's your first question
let's say you're with the person of your
affection whoever that might be and that
and you're just sort of hanging out and
that person takes out their phone and
you don't really feel like looking at
your phone but they're just saying
they're looking at their phone what is
your internal thought process go um I'd
say I wonder what they're looking at and
was this more important than me
more than what we're doing right now
like who are you talking to that's more
important or to what we're doing right
now together all right and in your mind
how long can somebody look at their
phone let's say in that situation where
it's just the two of you before it's too
long because I think in the modern world
we accept that checking a message is
pretty standard would you would you
agree yeah that's so how long would
somebody be checked out on their phone
before you start thinking okay that's
rude
yeah given in seconds or minutes however
you want to express it I would say would
be under a minute but the way for me I
think it would be a bigger tell as if I
was to ask a question or try to come and
then they didn't respond or they looked
like you know when you kind of look away
to go I'm not huh instead of paying
attention right that would to me like
what's going on all right here's the
next one when have you ever had too many
drinks yeah like it like everyone in the
world all right when when you've had a
few extra drinks do you do you think of
it as being out of control or don't you
think of it in terms of control at all I
feel like I'm in complete control and
yet some people feel the exact opposite
like they're out of control I would I
would say that I artificially feel like
I'm in control what I used to drink and
I was wrong probably but I felt like it
all right when you find out that there's
something you were positive was true for
a long time let's say in politics
something you thought was really true
then you found out it wasn't what's your
thought process you know what's funny
since listening to you for years now I
have a very different
approach to it where I recognize the
potential cognitive dissonance that I
may experience and I now not pause and
when I'm thinking internally I'm going
whoa I can't be wrong I paused and I
think wait could I be wrong and I kind
of questioned myself a little bit more
now so if I took find out that I'm a
hundred percent wrong I'm I can accept
that I find that I'm often delighted
because anytime that this is one of
those ways to frame your life
so the frame I put on an error like that
if I'm just like dead wrong about
something that almost every time there's
something valuable you're going to take
away from that and you're not going to
be wrong the next time because you know
this you're gonna be alert because the
more patterns you see the more capable
you are recognizing you know the next
bad thing coming so that's the way I
think all right let's see one more
there's a hard challenge coming up but
it's one that you know you can succeed
at it's just hard are you excited or
just like oh uh I would say depends on
the area but usually I get a little bit
excited I sort of slide when there's a
challenge or when I'm under pressure
personally so anything that to me
especially when people say that it can't
be done for example I ran a marathon no
tricking he wants to go and everyone
said it's impossible in the morning of I
was thinking this is insane
like yet I just got up and did it and I
learned a lot of wait wait a minute wait
a minute wait a minute what was the
longest distance you would run let's say
within the last two weeks before you ran
a marathon I didn't run I didn't run
only you wait a minute you're telling me
that you just got off the couch and ran
a marathon
I wouldn't say
got off the couch I out but I do kind of
weightlifting I don't do anything
related to endurance or running the most
ever ran with maybe ten years ago I did
ten kilometers I used to you know be
younger but the I live planet but you
train your legs not really it's a weird
thing no nothing out of the ordinary
just okay yeah very alright well that
might be the strangest story I've heard
tonight I both know thanks to the call I
appreciate it
no problem thanks guys all right let's
do another one
I want to make sure that in case
Christina's on here I want to see if
she's on here nope Christina where are
you all right it's time for we'll take
Judith Judith Judith hello Judith again
do you hear me
Judith that's not working yes okay we
will try something else I don't know one
more but we have to try a female to make
it fair because we're talking about how
people are thinking so we'll try again
so we have a Half Men half women Shem
disappeared as soon as I selected her
what do I that happen so often that's it
because I'm scary all right we'll go for
mark mark are you there may I ask you
some questions about your internal
thought process absolutely when
when when you're when you see the
weekend coming do you say dear do you
say to yourself yay
I've got you know the weekend or do you
say to yourself I have to plan and do
these things that I don't have to do
during the week because it's easy to do
my job go yeah I've always enjoyed a
weekend ever since I was a kid I love
the weekend it and do you are you an
extrovert I'm an introvert you didn't
revert who loves the weekend yes I'm an
extrovert introvert I'm actually I want
to but let's say it's let's say it's
Thursday afternoon mm-hmm and you're
starting to think about the weekend
mm-hmm how do you hold it in your head
do you see little movies of the things
you're gonna do it's like oh here's me
doing this you do that or how do you
hold it in your head when you think of
the weekend coming
well I always picture everything in
movies my whole thought process is when
I look at things and think about things
I see things as as a movie screen do you
see them an order SOCAN so do you see
like Thursday you know do you see Friday
little movies like they're on the stage
sort of arcing around to some day no I
think about certain items and events
that I'm going to do over the weekend
and I will think about the ones I'm
looking forward to most probably in
pictures and do you think everything
else around it do you think of them
serially or do you sort of almost look
down on your schedule and see it filled
in and say oh there's that morning thing
there's that afternoon thing do you do
you see it like as geography or only
think of them one at a time
probably more geography yeah I don't
know I mean so many ways you do it and
when you're thinking of let's say let's
say you've got three things you've got
to do that day there are three different
places when you're imagining the three
different places or you're more likely
to see yourself there or to think of it
on a map and say oh it's a what over
here whatever here what
over there now think of it more like
from the sky which way do you think of
it you probably think about old ways but
which is dominant I have probably the
map no I kind of have an overview of
different places I need to go and I'll
look at it
maybe strategically alright if
somebody's asking you to get four
directions to some place you know
let's say it's not that far away would
and they say how far would you answer it
in terms of miles or would you answer in
terms of time it would take to get there
I think I would say miles first and are
you from the west coast always I am NOT
I'm from the I'm from the Kansas City
Missouri area okay that's the same
answer because I once heard that if you
grew up around New York you answer it in
time because yeah the traffic is so bad
all the matters is the time yeah all
right thank you for playing well thank
you very much all right take care all
right I was just experimenting with that
to see if we would have any aha moment
so I was doing that at home with
Christina and it was fascinating I think
maybe it's even better with couples
because then those differences are
really more meaningful but start asking
questions of the type that I was asking
its first of all it's a really good
conversation thing to have it because
it's so super personal but it's not the
kind of personal people don't want to
talk about you know it's like super
personal and just sort of scientific so
you just feel like talking about and
when you find out how differently people
visualize things especially the visual
part it's just really remarkable anyway
that's all I've got for you tonight
remember if you want to get to sleep
tonight remember to close your eyes
squeeze one muscle at a time until it's
really really tight and release it go to
the next muscle until you squeezed and
released all of your major muscles that
you can
tense while you're laying down then
count from 1 to 20 maybe even imagining
that you're hearing my voice when it
happens optionally and when you get to
20 after you do those two things you're
just gonna melt into the bed it has the
best sleep that you've had in a long
time
so you have that to look forward to and
I will talk to you in the morning