um hey everybody come on in today is
gonna be a very special no coffee with
Scott Adams because it's evening who
drinks coffee well I just had a cup if
I'm being honest I just finished off a
cup but I did it for you so that I would
be awake to give you this micro lesson
on systems versus goals now you've heard
me talk about systems versus goals its
topic of my book had a failed almost
everything and still wouldn't big and I
thought I would run you through a
specific example because it's just more
fun to look at an example and you'll all
imagine that you would like to be let's
say famous podcasters or internet
celebrities so that's your starting
point and that will walk you through
what it would look like to build systems
to get there okay
so we'll start with a little background
number one if you want to be a creative
creative person where are you going to
do it so you want to find the place that
there's the most energy so the first
part of your system as you say I would
like to be a creative person and make
stuff whatever it is going to be music
cartoon art writing whatever it is and
you want to put it on the internet and
you want to make money so you want to go
where there's the most energy and the
most future so take these two examples
television I would argue is a dying form
because it doesn't take into account
people's attention spans
these shows are too long they've got
commercials that make you wait it's
predictable scripted stuff humor as a
art form is largely dead on television
and I timed how long it would take me
simply to turn on my television at home
and actually get to a show it took 18
seconds to go to a show I know I knew I
wanted to go to do you know how many
tweets I can look at in 18 seconds so
people's worldview is compressing
compressing so you got to get the you
have to understand the big trend before
you can decide where to go then once
you're there I'll tell you how to build
the systems right so this is just
picking the field you want to play in at
this point and then of course you can
only watch television on certain devices
and they have all kinds of limitations
but take the internet let's say you're
on YouTube or some other place on the
Internet
everything's faster they're shorter
content it's free ish depending on what
kind of content you're looking at it's
more unpredictable because there's more
of it so it's short it's far more
variety it's almost infinite you can get
a quick hit quick yet and here's here's
the other thing yeah remember I have
taught you that if you put any kind of a
penalty or friction on anything then
eventually eventually the the person
will do less of it
now if you look at a typical TV show or
a movie they all have the following form
every one of them which is something bad
happens to somebody you care about and
then you hope that it gets better
right that's every script of every every
movie at least fictional movies not
biographies necessarily but if every
fictional movie something bad happens to
people that they tell you to care about
and then you just hope it gets better
and if it does it's a good movie I guess
compare that to spending 10 minutes on
YouTube if you're picking your own short
themes you might look at a TED talk you
might look at a you know a humorous or
something but you're never gonna pick
anything that makes you sad I mean not
intentionally so if you go to the
Internet you're giving yourself one
little dopamine hit after another and
they're really quick it's like oh oh oh
and you get no sadness if you turn on a
regular television and watch a regular
TV show or a regular movie it's packed
with sadness by design and then you're
you're influenced by that that gets in
your head and even though you're saying
to yourself well I'm just watching
I'm not I'm not in that movie yeah it's
not affecting me but it does because
humans are patterned copying machines
and if you watch sad things you will get
sad so all of this put together tells
you that you can be pretty sure that
television is the past the Internet is
the future so let's just say we've
figured what our domain is and the
domain is going to be the Internet and
you're gonna create something you know
know what it is
is it gonna be a podcast is it gonna be
some kind of a show what is it and let
me give you one sort of example
potential career path now let me say in
advance that there would be presumably a
million different variations of this but
if you get the basic idea then all the
variations make sense
so let's just stick with the basics all
right let's say you want to achieve what
I call boss diversification the idea is
that you don't want one boss to rule
your life but rather you want to have
lots of bosses so you want to have lots
of clients you want to have lots of
customers you want to have an audience
because then a lot of your bosses your
customers could fire you on any given
day and you still have plenty of bosses
plenty of customers but if you only have
one boss and that boss is a tyrant and
sometimes even if they're not it just
makes your life that much harder so if
you want something like freedom
use the the math of diversification to
give yourself lots of bosses and that's
what being a creative person can do if
you get the path right here's what a
reasonable looking path would look like
you would put together more than one
Talent
so that you have something special I
talked about this as the talent stack
system basically and if you look at me
for example I do the podcasting stuff
meaning that I can talk on camera so I
have the skill to be able to do what I'm
doing exactly now which is talking
and you can understand me and I can put
sentences together but I also talk about
persuasion and I've got some background
in humor so I've got a few different
things that I can put together that when
you listen to me if I do it right you
say to yourself I don't think I could
get exactly that anywhere else so it's
not that my my individual skills that I
bring to this are special because none
of them are theirs there's not one
that's really special but the
combination you would have to admit you
just don't see very often so it's the
combination that can make you special
and valuable in the market so figure out
what your expertise is as you know do
you have a good voice is you have a
sense of humor you know you can figure
it out just figure out what it is that
makes you special that's your talent
stack one way to start would be a blog
because there's no friction to starting
a blog anybody could write a blog so
let's say the first thing you want to do
is just write a bunch of blog posts that
as soon as you want to be a writer but
if you want to be any other kind of an
artist you could put it on a blog format
once you've got a little body of work
then you could start your Twitter
account I use Twitter is the best
example of this and then start promoting
yourself you might say you might go into
conversations in which there you've
written something that's relevant you'd
go into that conversation say yeah I
wrote something about that in the
comments if it's a tweet that's giving a
lot of attention and your your addition
of a comment of something to read that's
right on point could get you some new
followers so you use Twitter wisely by
adding value the way that you give
fought the followers is by giving them
more than they're giving you that's
that's the whole thing right if on
Twitter you're giving your followers
more than they're getting they'll follow
you
that's all this so if you're wisely
retweeting you're a good curator of
stuff or you're wisely inserting your
own comment and links to things people
will say yeah I want more of that
I guess smarter when you're when you're
interacting
so you build up a little audience here
and then maybe you say let me try it on
videos you take it to periscope and you
say it's real easy technology literally
all you have to do is sort of turn it on
and aim the aim the device at yourself
and put it in a title and your live
speaker just what I'm doing now now you
can't make much money on periscope some
of you are nice enough to to do the
super hard thing which is like tipping
but periscope is not really designed for
creators to get rich it's just easy to
get in it's you know it's got some
special I'd say more personal quality to
it it's simpler has a lot of advantages
over YouTube but there is one thing that
YouTube can do better which is monestary
monetization so if you get a little
audience on periscope and by the way you
can see what I'm doing here so that each
level that you do something well you try
to get attention to bring you to the
next level and you know bring up your
your visibility so you might want to
jump from periscope to YouTube you could
still do both of them you don't abandon
any of these things you're still doing
them you're just extending your reach
now if you have boring content and I'm
saying that humorously boring meaning
you know kitten videos funny stuff
family generic things you know nobody
getting in trouble some basic
information the TED talk you know those
things are not boring so I'm just being
humorous here I'm saying things that
advertisers are not afraid of so I only
mean it boring in the sense that it's
not provocative so most people think and
I used to think this that Google and
YouTube were suppressing conservatives
only but it turns out that their
advertising model makes them demonetized
pretty much anybody who's provocative
whether you're on the left of the right
so I have I have confirmed it was a
David Pakman for example this on the
left he got D monetized exactly the same
time same way I did so it was really
just the advertiser saying
we don't want to be associated with
certain kinds of content because why
would we if you were an advertiser and
you could be associated with something
where there might be cursing or
something where there won't be if you
had a choice you'll take the one where
there's no cursing yeah why would you
take any risk if you don't have to so
Google and YouTube we're trying to
figure out how to make that work so the
provocative stuff also could get
sponsors apparently they don't quite
have the system to do that yet but I
would imagine we'll get there however in
the long run
provocative people can't really get
monetized to any good degree on YouTube
so that's what the locals platform will
do for you and that's why I've moved
I've moved my more provocative non
Dilbert stuff over there so everything
that you see in the other platforms
which I'll maintain so I'll still be
doing you know all the same things but
there'll be some extra stuff behind the
subscriber wall because it's the only
way to get monetized if you're not in
the the boring subset and again boring
just means not provocative so yeah Dave
Rubin somebody said in the comments Dave
Rubin is the you know the original
founder of the local thing and I just
got on it I gotta tell you that it's way
better than I thought it would be
because it fills in this whole category
that didn't exist I didn't really think
there was a category that didn't exist
but the category that did exist is this
a creator who can control their space
and sort of do whatever they want and
nobody can tell me not to do it you know
I'm not obviously I'm not doing anything
that's horrible but I can you know I can
be as provocative as I want within the
bounds of what I'd know my subscribers
would want to say so it just fills in
that whole gap so you might be able to
hear my dog going crazy which means I'm
going to make this kind of short because
I have to attend to that she was at the
veterinarian yesterday and she doesn't
like to be and not the same
with me and I can't let her upstairs
it's a long story but she'll be fine
so yeah she'll be fine she's I'm just I
just have to keep her not running around
and she doesn't like that at all
so there's a little bit of work to do
there so this is an example of using the
systems to sort of build a system for
each phase of this as you go you can see
that each phase had its own system if
you were to generalize this to writing
there's a book called on writing by
Stephen King
it's really hard to do this when your
dog is screaming and pain downstairs
stop a and she's just mad because I'm
over here what Stephen King suggested is
that you find whatever is the lowest
level of writing that you can do that
somebody will read so again you might
write a blog might write some blog posts
and then take them into the local
publication and say hey samples of my
writing if they like them they might say
I will run you in the local paper and
you just keep writing and building your
resume up one level at a time until you
get that big book deal so it's always
the same your system is start small
build a build a body of work and then
try to get attention at the next level
etc all right I'm gonna go take care of
my dog I hope that was useful and expect
to see some of you as Internet stars
really soon