bum bum bum bum bum Hey chuck's lady and
super 18 first day on periscope how
about that
good evening Erin and Carla and dan dan
good to see you too well as you might
know there's not a lot going on in the
world of coronavirus we are not learning
much more and we're not getting better
than foreign but I'll tell you what I
know and then if you stick around Thank
You Omar if you stick around I can give
you some relationship tips yeah
relationship tips because if you want to
learn how to have a successful
relationship who do you ask
well obviously me now I don't have all
the answers in this domain or even close
but I'll give you a different different
way to look at things that might be
useful to you we'll do that after we
talked about all the things in the news
so I've been waiting to hear this number
and I heard an estimate and now I don't
think it's accurate but I'll tell you
what it is I've been wondering how many
tests we would have to do per day of the
coronavirus in order to be able to open
up the country isn't that a really
important number how many of you can
give me the answer before I tell you the
answer which i think is inaccurate but
before I tell you the answer how many
would know how many tests we would need
to be able to do per day ongoing in
order to all right I've got to do a
sticks and hammer move with my cat throw
her over my shoulder not having it all
right if you're just listening to this
you did not know that wrestling with a
cat on a live stream and she just
wouldn't suddenly quiet okay
all right what was I saying oh yeah so
I'm waiting waiting for your guesses how
many tests we'd have to do per day I
just read on CNN that we would need to
do 500,000 a day and that we're doing a
little over a hundred thousand a day
though yeah so somebody says half a
million you had you were up on your news
whoever said half a million that is
that's the number that CNN was reporting
and I tweeted just before I got on I saw
a tweet for him if at Backman who said
he's heard numbers up to a million now
this is not really the kind of thing
that anybody has a way of estimating so
this is the sort of thing where you have
to be will say very forgiving about the
experts estimates because there's
probably not any real way to know how
many you have to test per day but I
think they can sort of put you in the
you know the generals zip code of the
number let's say it's half a million to
a million and we've got a little over a
hundred thousand M so we're not really
close and I guess the question I have is
how quickly could we ramp up from not
doing that many to do it a million a day
so that should tell you when you're when
you're safe to get back to work but I
think the states are going to do their
own thing what do you think about the
fact that the president has not only
told the states that they can make their
own decisions with them within the
guidelines but they have plenty of
flexibility but then he he tweeted
liberate Michigan and then liberate
Minnesota and liberate Virginia and he
mentioned the Second Amendment when he
was talking about Virginia and some
people said wait a minute is he calling
for a revolution is he calling for an
armed revolution well no because he's in
charge why would he call it for an armed
revolution against the government he's
in charge of now I I know we're talking
about the States but now now the
president doesn't want some kind of
insurrection
but I'm sure he wouldn't mind a little
bit of a protesting about the stuff
that's maybe over the line so this is a
good example of what I would call
creative tension nobody knows the right
answer and I'll say that a million times
anybody who says they know when we
should go back to work or how long we
should wait or even how we should do it
or how many tests we need nobody really
knows not only do we not know we're
probably not even than the general
ballpark you know I don't think
anybody's even close to knowing you know
the big stuff so let's say let's watch
the number of tests and maybe we can get
back to work
all right what I was thinking about
creative tension is that I think it's
good that some part of the public and
the president are putting pressure on
the states to open up yes early as they
can because this creative pressure you
know you would want the president to
have the same impulse as the public
because he's really good at reading the
crowd and I think he's read the crowd at
least in those important states you know
swing states the cetera are they all
swing states let's see what are they
Virginia Minnesota Michigan well they're
all pretty important electoral
electorally speaking so I think it's
worked for the president to side with
the public as long as all it is is
peaceful demonstrating and if there's
one thing that Republicans are good at
its peaceful demonstrating is there any
group any identifiable group in the
United States that would do a better job
consistently of peaceful demonstrations
now they might come armed to the teeth
but nobody has taken the safety off
Republicans are just notoriously safe
when they protest you know I don't know
maybe there'd be some kind of you could
imagine the situation in which things
have gone too far and then they would be
the most dangerous people in the galaxy
but we're not we're nowhere near that
yeah we're talking about
you know negotiating what makes sense in
a world where everybody is trying to do
the right thing you don't really have a
revolution when you know that everybody
involved is actually trying to do the
right thing
yeah there's nobody here who's trying to
grab power I mean you know they're
playing some games in Congress but
that's not the big story so you don't
have a revolution when everybody knows
they're on the same team they just they
just have a disagreement about the way
forward so I would say that that is a
much safer situation then maybe the news
would like to make it so that you feel a
little more frightened by it
you you could pour 10 million Trump
supporters into a zip code angry as heck
armed to the teeth
and it would be no trouble like that
that's pretty much who they are it's
almost a it's almost a description of
the group is they you could put 10
million of them into the same zip code
angry as hell armed to the teeth and
nobody would get hurt that's that's
almost a perfect description of that
group anyway I was just watching a clip
from Tucker Carlson show in which you're
saying that the intelligence community
is now unanimous you know and the
intelligence community is a bunch of
different organizations right CIA FBI
blah blah and apparently all of the
intelligence agencies are unanimous that
the virus almost certainly came from the
wuhan lab accidentally nobody thinks
there's no suggestion that it was
designed to be a weapon now is there
anything that you see wrong with the
fact that every one of our intelligence
agencies agrees does that make you feel
pretty comfortable because if there's
anything that scares me it's all the
intelligence agencies agreeing yeah do
we live in a world in which the fact
that all the intelligence agencies
agrees means anything
I wish you did I wish it been something
unfortunately it doesn't it doesn't
now I'm not saying that they're wrong
because how would I know I'm just saying
that it's I don't know if it's sad or
it's unfortunate I can't even tell if
it's good news or bad news but I can
tell you that I personally put no stock
in the fact that all of our intelligence
agencies yeah it's the all 17 agencies
again I put no stock in that I give no
credibility to the fact that our
intelligence agencies are unanimous none
not not even a smidge now do I think it
came from the lab yeah probably I think
it probably did but I don't need the
intelligence agencies to tell me that if
it's true that they didn't have bats
there and it's true we've heard these
stories about the the in turn and it's
true they do that work there you know
two plus two you know you don't have to
be an intelligence agency to to put that
together I don't think yeah we could of
course you can't be a hundred percent
sure but I think it's pretty close to
hundred all right
how many of you have taken the
opportunity of this force time out to
improve something do you know I've asked
this before but I like to ask at least
once a week
how many of you have done something
there was sort of long overdue to build
a skill to maybe look into another
career to improve something about
yourself you know okay in the comments
give me some sense just in a sentence
did you lose any weight did you learn a
thing you know did you make any any
improvement in your life because you had
time so there's a little delay in the
comments it'll take me a while to see
those so I'll tell you that in my case I
think I've lost several pounds I'm in
great shape eating better than I've ever
eaten before I've you know completed two
projects business-wise
were really important to me you'll hear
more about those in a little while and
oh yes good somebody I'm learning German
cooking songwriting skills started
exercising thumbs up started biking
built a picnic table core strength
better throw tomahawks learned to weld
moved his tapes to files computer
program you're automating stuff writing
a book security and certification good
that's a good good thing to have
learning sign language do a lot of art
work learn to quote oh this is amazing
I am so proud of all of you you read my
book leaves to think thank you
exercise exercise quit smoking 45 minute
walks good for you look at all these
people losing weight I'm very impressed
with all of you really learned chess by
app reduced material possessions well
okay that probably wasn't your choice
building a doghouse for the neighbor
that's nice to you improving on camera
skills better biceps decluttered walking
the William HOF method bike riding Wow
quit opiates I don't know if that's real
but if you did you have my respect
because I know how hard that is gained
weight laundry is piling up well it's
not working for everybody 250 250
push-ups daily Wow writing a song
building a shotgun house wow I'm so
impressed well I thought what I would do
today is add a little bit more to your
success so I'm going to teach you some
relationship tips and tricks so this is
a new filter to put on on life I always
talk about you know reality being at
least a little subjective in terms of
how you experience it and that you can
change your filter and instantly have a
different subjective experience if you
learn to do that so I'm going to give
you another filter and really learning
to do it is is just being familiar that
the filter exists you don't have to try
too hard if you once you've been
introduced to a new way to look at
things well it's just always there this
is part
tool box so he has something you to your
tool box it starts like this let's say
you want to impress a mate I believe
that just about everything that we do in
this world is somehow related to the
mating instinct now of course this isn't
me saying this alone this is be I think
very similar to what biologists and
evolutionary biologists especially would
say they would say that pretty much
everything we do is some kind of a
signaling or or preparing for or because
of our mating instinct now that's that's
the filter that I want to give you so
start with that let's say you want to
build a better relationship or you want
to start a relationship with somebody
and you haven't so so if you take this
filter and say okay if everything is
about mating even if we don't think of
it that way
how would you act differently and here's
that what I would suggest you should
always in in the animal kingdom the way
they would attract the mate would be
showing off and you know a peacock can
show off and I don't know if that's
really a mating thing but let's say it
is but animals will sort of display and
show off and you know try to be dominant
and stuff but most of that stuff doesn't
work in human society because if you try
to challenge somebody to you know a horn
budding contest that doesn't go well if
you try to you know just yell how great
you are in public that doesn't as well I
know I've tried and so what do you do if
you're a human you still have to signal
some kind of reproductive quality and
here's what I suggest you should find
something or ideally more than one thing
then you can be unusually good at and it
should either demonstrate that you're
smart or strong or talented athletic
anyone musical you know any one of those
talents or skills or qualities if you
can figure out how to hold any of those
starting with whatever you're good at
but see if you can become really good at
something just by you know brute force
and practice and then you have to figure
out how to broadcast it and that's the
hard part so you might need a you know a
wing band or a wing woman to say hey do
you know you know she's not just good
luck and she's also you know she's one
of the best doctors in the world or
whatever so you should have a wing
person or some other indirect way to
signal that you have qualities that
people want to mate with and if you ask
people hey why are you attracted why oh
let me get to humor in a moment that's a
big that's a mistake if you ask somebody
hey you know make a list of all the
things that attract you in a mate they
would make a list but it would be all
wrong because people don't really know
why they like what they like so nowhere
on the list would be this person
displayed a good genetic material and I
think making a baby with this person
would cause them to be smart or you know
athletic or strong or something whatever
that quality is nobody would say that
they say stuff like well somebody who
loves his mother you know it would be a
completely unaware list so that's that's
the wrong filter the wrong filter is
that people are rational they make their
checklist and they say yep I need this
and this of this a little bit you know
there's certainly some things that
people just need you know have to talk
the same language you know some basics
but I think that people are just
biologically triggered by being around
anybody who has some strong quality and
it almost doesn't matter what it is any
really strong qualities just
automatically triggers your biological
instinct to say well it won't abate with
that so that's your first drink so use
the filter that everything that
everybody does and says the way they
dress the way they talk you know the
jobs they take it's all some kind of
expression of the debate the
meaning instinct even if they're not
trying to make somebody said sense of
humor here's my next tip nobody likes
that yeah have your men especially men
man if you ever been told that you know
women really like a guy with a sense of
humor you've probably heard it probably
probably women have told you that
I'll bet women have said you know one of
the things I liked about you sure your
sense of humor
you've probably heard lots of people say
that's a positive quality talk about
their mates yeah is really funny it's
all a lie it's all a lie if you if
you're a guy and you want to attract a
woman don't do it with the jokes now
I'm not my dogs having a dream and dream
barking in the other room if you hear
that no I'm not saying that there
couldn't be somebody in the world who is
just so funny that that they really sell
themselves with their humor but I do
humor for a living and I gotta tell ya
I've never seen it work in any kind of a
you know dating romance situation it's
great to have you know it you know it's
great to add on you know if you're
attracted anyway but I think humor humor
sort of pushes you into the friendzone
if you know what I mean humor takes away
some of the seriousness and power for
most people again there could be an
exception somebody who's just so funny
in just the right way it works but in
general I would hold off on the jokes a
little you know gentle humor fine until
until you're actually in a relationship
Cristina and I were were literally
crying last night we were laughing sword
I'll tell you what we're laughing at
just so you can get a sense of it but in
our early days I was not I was not
trying to showcase my sense of humor
because it's just not a good strategy
here's what we were laughing about I was
I was telling Christina that I would be
immortal in this
that once my physical body went my mind
would be uploaded into the into the
cloud which I mean seriously and then
eventually the technology would be such
that I could appear as a hologram and I
would just sort of appear wherever she
was in the future yeah here I'm assuming
that she lives Lee sure the fair
assumption and that I would I would
haunt her I was going through all the
different ways out haunt her like when
she opens the refrigerator at my
hologram which is go hey you know jump
out of the refrigerator and you know she
goes into the bathroom and she opens the
lid and I would my hologram would just
jump out of the toilet go hey and I
would just think it was really funny and
that would be like the funniest ghost
hologram of all time and I would just
sort of appear or or she'd wake up in
the middle of the night and I'd be
laying on top of her but it was just me
by hologram yeah wouldn't actually be
couldn't actually feel it so anyway so
we started going through all of the
humorous things that my hologram would
do when it starts haunting her for
eternity and just appearing in the house
in different places and we just started
like screaming and crying because it was
so funny but you know we're in a
long-term relationship in which case
humor is great it's great in a long-term
relationship but it's not really a
courtship thing so so tone that down a
little bit otherwise you end up in the
friend zone
I think that there's probably one thing
that matters more than just about
anything except you know maybe power and
Status those are always good but fitness
the the one most approachable thing the
one thing you have the most control over
is your fitness and this is something
that a a suit salesman taught me years
ago there's one of the coolest life
lessons I was I was buying a suit and
the suit salesman was real good salesman
and you know so you end up spending a
lot of time with your salesman if you're
buying a suit and I I was making some
self-deprecating humor about the fact
that it didn't matter what my suit look
like because if you know if you're big
short bald guy with glasses there's just
so much you can do it's not like you can
you can't fix that with a good suit so I
was just making a self-deprecating joke
killing time was having my suit fitted
and these suit salesman gave me the best
was some of the best advice I've ever
heard in my life and he said this he
said that if you if you work out and get
your body and you know better than
normal shape so that you know people
would recognize that you're above
average and you're just your fitness he
said nobody will notice you're bald and
I laughed because I was like well you
know that that's that's a little too far
right you can't you can't exercise until
people don't notice you're bald and then
I noticed he was bald hadn't noticed
hadn't noticed until he told me because
he was he was just ripped and so when I
saw him even though he was you know
Justin suit himself you could tell you
know his chest was just ripped and so he
had to tell me he was bald I think I
think if I had done a an artist sketch I
don't know if I would have drawn drawn
him without hair and you've seen it
yourself right you go to the gym and you
see that the person who's out of shape
and they're bald and that there's just
bald and then you see the person walk by
who's ripped and he's shaved his head
he's not bald right he's just got a look
so this was one of these great things
that this shoe salesman Tommy Wright and
I swear I think has made me work out
harder because you know it's not just
how you feel and it's not just about
your health it's all those things too
but it's also a cool illusion it's an
optical illusion
you can look taller you can look younger
you can look sexier you can look smarter
you can look more capable and you can
look like you have hair and all you have
to do is take care of your physical
fitness so if somebody's giving you you
know dating or relationship advice and
it doesn't include work on your face
then it's missing a huge part all right
I've told you before that the definition
of charisma that I heard from somebody
else and this is just such a good
formula for this it's empathy plus power
you've heard me talk about this so the
empathy is knowing that you care about
somebody and then the power is can you
make things happen because if you're a
relationship you want somebody who cares
about you and also can make things
happen
so you're looking for charisma in your
partner so what so if you're trying to
be you know look like a good mate then
you should look like you care ideally
you should actually care it's better
it's better if you actually care but the
reality is we all have to signal we care
caring on the inside isn't good enough
in the society we live in you have to
care in a way that people say so they
get it you know silently suffering with
your empathy nobody wants that they want
to know that you got empathy so
definitely show your empathy but also
make sure you show your power if you're
a guy so this is more guy guy advice but
I would say that it would apply to women
mostly because you want women you know
the woman should be empathetic and have
power of her own so yeah I guess
probably works both ways with maybe a
little little emphasis in one direction
here's another thing I I find that
relationships work best when you've got
a good understanding of who's who's got
what responsibilities and powers and
stuff so trying to try to make
everything 5050 it's probably the worst
relationship system because you're
always gonna be arguing that one of you
didn't do enough it's like well yeah I
worked all day today did you do the
dishes so I've never been a fan of the
let's just split it down the middle you
know I'll do the dishes this night you
do the dishes the next day it's it's
hard to organize it's
is much better if if the two of you just
sort of agreed who does what and you
just do your own thing and you they
don't overlap that much so there's that
and I'm going to tell you a little tip
that I discovered years ago when I was
in one of those relationships so here's
ago I was in a relationship where we
were trying to you know just share the
household duties and stuff but the
problem was that let's say my ax let's
say that she wasn't around and there was
something that broke in the house and I
would like work all day fixing that out
of the plumbing or cleaning up the mess
who the cat vomited on the rug or
something
so I'll be spending hours cleaning
something up but what it's cleaned up
it's done there's no sign of it and then
you know your partner comes home and
does the dishes and then says well I did
the dishes and what do you do so we had
this problem that we didn't we didn't
have visibility of who was doing what
because so much of the things that get
done the other one wouldn't notice
unless you're in the room so we
developed a credit system and it wasn't
like this you would be responsible for
advertising what you did no matter how
minor so we would just say you know
credit for cleaning up that dead bird in
the backyard and then the other one
would have to say you know credit you
know just to acknowledge it and you
would be amazed how when you take the
onus off of the offer your partner you
take the onus off of your partner to
somehow know what you're doing because
how could they you know I've seen in the
comments somebody says that sounds
terrible Scott it does doesn't it it
sounds like a bad idea doesn't it you
have to try it
because and I'm not saying that we're
you know there's no formula that works
for every couple everybody's different
but if you simply announce that you did
something then both
you are just announcing what you want
credit for and you don't have to worry
about not getting credit because if you
didn't announce that you did it well
it's your own damn fault so it just
became more of a game to say yeah credit
for doing this credit for doing that and
it was it just added visibility to what
we were doing so we didn't do anything
differently we just increased the
visibility and then fell better somebody
says keeping score is a bad idea yeah
that's why I think you should just you
know have some understanding about what
your domains are so that there's no
keeping score just people taking care of
business but if you're going to try to
cut it down the middle just be aware
that you don't know what you're on what
the other ones doing all day so they
might be doing more than you think
then I would say look for people who
have flaws you can stand because you
can't really find people who don't have
any problems you don't have somebody
says my my ex hated that that's because
you didn't agree in advance that that's
the system it's not something that one
of you can do you know you can't just
unilaterally say give me credit for my
stuff if the other one is you know the
plan so I can see whether it be a
problem anyway so look for people who
have the kind of flaws that you don't
mind because yeah everybody is different
there's some things that people can't
stand and there are some things that
people like for example Christine and I
both like alone time yeah well as much
as we like being with each other we both
are introverts by nature but since we
both have that quality it's perfect you
know it's in a way if if an introvert
and extrovert get together it's tension
but if two introverts get together like
a problem solved so you always look for
people who have the Kaido Niva noix I
call that a flaw it's just the
difference you want to find people whose
differences fit together and then I
would say never get in a relationship
with
somebody who has a dog I'll say that
again never start a relationship with
somebody who already owns a dog and if
I'm just gonna be silent about that for
a moment and I want to see if in the
comments if there's anybody who knows
what I'm talking about
I just want to see the comments I've
seen yes you know I'm talking about so
so half of you are surprised and I think
it's the women right I think it's the
women who were mostly surprised don't
like the wat why would you not get in a
relationship with somebody who already
had a dog look at the comments though
look how many people are agreed with me
don't get in a relationship with
somebody who already has a dog let me
tell you why you will never be more
important than the dog sorry you know
those of you who are knowing exactly
what I said you've already experienced
it if you get into a relationship with
somebody who already has a dog every
date you'll start that you'll start a
date it'll be like it's 7 p.m. I really
have to get back and let my dog out like
you look serious like Saturday night if
you have to you're done you got to go
back and let your dog out I mean I'm
just making up that example but and then
the dog will not let you be together
when you're in the house the dog will
take all the attention the dog will be
all all here he talks about just because
about the dog you know so yeah if the
two of you get together and then you get
a dog well that could work
that could be fine but you don't want to
compete with somebody's dog you can't
win
dog came first yeah yeah you look at the
comments there are so many guys I know
who got into a relationship with
somebody who had a dog and they thought
well ok on day one the dog is more
important than me right we owned a -
sure the dog is more important than me
and maybe if we refused first few weeks
I get it yeah and maybe even for a few
months I get you've been with a dog a
long time so yeah I get in the beginning
the dog would be more important than me
but eventually eventually I'll make up
the difference eventually I'll be more
important than the dog nope no that's
not going to happen
all right what about parents I don't
know I haven't experienced the parents
situation what if both have dogs well
that could work a lot better somebody
says so don't date people with kids well
I won't give you advice like that but I
will tell you that if you do date people
with kids you should go into it with a
realistic understanding of where
priorities lie if you're not okay with
that
then you should know that from you know
day 1 it's not like you're gonna you
know move up in the ranking and become
more important than some of these
children doesn't work that way somebody
says I outlive the dogs I love the dogs
I love your strategy it's like well I'm
just gonna burrow in I know what my life
expectancy is I know what this dog's
life expectancy is okay I'm gonna play
the long game I'm gonna wait till the
dog dies always somebody just watched
hoaxed it is amazing somebody's saying
yeah I've told you before if you watch
and you should watch the documentary
hoaxed Mike's Rich's documentary I
believe it's still I think it's still
number one documentary on iTunes of all
documentaries I think it's number one
and I think it last I checked it was
number two of all time on iTunes of all
time so I'm definitely worth it but
here's my suggestion if you do watch it
you should set aside some time to make
sure you watch the whole thing so don't
don't watch part of it and take a break
it's really sort of a masterpiece and
you don't experience it from beginning
to end in his fullness you you're gonna
miss a really good second half living
the kids as bad strategy yeah that's
probably bad strategy if you do move up
and outrank the kids run yeah yeah you
don't want to win that contest right
yeah if you found out that happened my
wife's dog died and she got another
however somebody says my stepson is the
reason I married my wife well I I don't
know if you should say that in public
but all right I don't have much else to
teach you today and I will see you in
the morning and have a good night