bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bomb hey
everybody come on in here
it's a terrific morning great day but
we're gonna talk about some serious
stuff in about five minutes we will be
joined in a little bit with dr. drew but
before that we've got some important
stuff to do important stuff to do I say
and that important stuff is something I
call the simultaneous up which you are
about to enjoy with me the entire
dopamine hit that you can only get by
simultaneously sipping and it's easy
it's easy all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass must die in the chalice or a
tankard a thermos a flask a canteen a
vessel of any kind to hold your liquid I
like coffee
put it in there lift it to your lips and
join me for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous sip oh so good so so
good all right we're gonna bring dr.
drew on right now
assuming he is ready a little bit
earlier than I told you dr. Drew are you
there well you have been the it seems
like the lone voice talking about the
I'm gonna call it an apocalypse
happening in Los Angeles give us give us
a lowdown and by the way I'm assuming
that everybody watching this knows dr.
Drew but maybe for anybody who is brand
new to I don't know the world you could
could you tell them your background
medically professionally whatever you
think is relevant to this conversation I
mean most people know me from my media
work I was involved with a radio program
called Loveline for about 35 years it
was on MTV briefly then I did a program
called Celebrity Rehab right treated
celebrities and for addiction and
presently they said a lot of people know
me from feeling called to mom where I
post these reunion
so professionally I was trained as an
internist I started moonlighting in the
psychiatric hospital when I was in
residency I ended up taking over their
Department of Medicine and running that
and eventually ran their medical excuse
me their addiction services and they did
that for about 20 years and all the
while that I was working all those years
in the psychiatric hospital I ran a big
hospital and outpatient medical practice
so the part I wanted people to hear is
your first law that you're a real a real
medical doctor and your experience with
mental health and addiction is highly
relevant now would tell us give us your
explanation of what's happening in LA
with the quote homeless population right
it was a great book called American
psychosis you want to see how we got
into this mess
but essentially we strangled our
sarahott we bailed them out into decided
we we're going to try to do something
about the prison thing and perhaps go a
little too far with these things called
Prop 47 prop 57 where we essentially now
have made drug use and drug trafficking
and stealing lawn crime essentially not
irrelevant before the police can't do
what they think about them which
massively increased that homeless
population and we now have to keep
thousand people then good god we eat and
I practice medicine long enough for
Sanger Bell Valley here in Southern
California to know that when that
happens we will have a typhus outbreak
so about 18 months ago I predict the
typhus outbreak and I was correct that
was the first thing that caught my
attention
no typhus so that's carried by the rats
how do humans get typhus from rats it's
it's on the rat it's endemic here in the
particularly the valleys of Southern
California it comes off the foothills
it's in the raccoons and possums it gets
on to the rats it gets on to our pets
the the fleas come off the rats onto our
pets and literally defecate on the pets
we had our pets get
on our hands that gets into us Wow
okay and I heard you say that even
bubonic plague is the possibility when
we reach a certain point that we're
nearing tell us about that
another book if you wanted to hear about
this called black death at the Golden
Gate the last outbreak to be banach
plague was in Los Angeles because it is
also an endemic organism here we have
the Rickettsia diseases like Rocky
Mountain spotted fever and typhus and we
have or Scindia pestis bubonic plague
it's in the squirrels gets onto the rats
when the rats proliferate it gets onto
the human the last outbreak was in the
1920s it was nearly it was only because
of some heroic efforts led a group of
physicians that it didn't become a
massive problem it killed everyone who
came in contact with the case zero and
we now have somewhere between 12 and 20
million rats in Los Angeles and one of
the only cities in the country
who is doing has no rodent control plan
none and if you look at the picture of
the Los Angeles you will see that the
homeless encampments are surrounded by
dumps the people defecate there they
throw their trash there and the rats
just lift right there now is this a
homeless problem per se yeah this would
drive me insane so so I because of my
medical concerns I started directing my
attention at the homeless thing and and
then I started realizing you know this
is not if you if you can walk around
through close your eyes to this and if
you open them and these are my patients
and these are people that used to
populate the psychiatric hospital they
were they were you know they're the drug
I some of this is the last way over the
opiate epidemic
once we my peers oh sure hung over and
then Matt suddenly cut them off well
when you cut them off they go to the
streets they go to heroin the hair would
you end up on the streets and that's who
we have Wow so we're having a little bit
of audio problems cutting in and outs
but I think we're
we're getting the gist of it so even if
we had if we had more housing if
suddenly you know housing just appeared
out of nowhere and it was free these
people wouldn't necessarily even take a
free house would they correct that the
the the part that is now driving me to
my grave I think on this problem is that
this is a population that if you walk up
to them and say let's go I've got a
great place to live the majority and the
vast majority will refuse and people
don't believe this but when you are
chronically mentally ill unless you have
treatment it's very difficult to live in
four walls if you're a drug addict you
seek the streets so there's a attachment
to this lifestyle that is not being
addressed the other thing is not only
would they do not want housing housing
is not the problem lost anthem we just
absorbed in the last year or so about
conservatively eight hundred thousand
undocumented intervention we're a
sanctuary city we welcome them in none
of them are on the streets they all
found a place to live eight hundred
thousand people in a year found a place
to live so the government continued to
focus on the housing it's a hoax and I
can't understand why they're focused on
it well it could be because the real
problem is unsolvable so no it's easily
solvable okay go it just doesn't fit an
ideology there's something called the
lentement tetris act which is what
allows us to treat patients again you've
got to read this book called American
psychosis the land with Petra Zack came
out in the 1960 and all throughout human
history when people had chronic
psychiatric illness or addiction the
system would determine need for care if
somebody met criteria for what was
called need for care
they were cared for they were put in a
hospital and cared for and stabilized
and returned to their life in the 1960s
there was a guy named Robert Felix that
convinced President Kennedy that chronic
psychiatric illness didn't really exist
that state hospitals caused it
we had one flu
yes we had these crazy books that were
going out that made the idea of putting
people in a psychiatric hospital
inhumane and they passed something
called the Lanterman tetris act which
moved need for care to the criteria for
care as simply harm to self or other and
if you weren't saying I'm gonna kill
myself or I'm gonna kill somebody else
or I'm the pop you know so severely
gravely disabled which there's a
definition that we have to work on then
we could only hold you for 72 hours
which doesn't accomplish much of
anything so we could solve week we could
help people with with harm to self or
other than 72 hours but gravely disabled
could do nothing so we must change the
definition of gravely disabled we must
expand conservatorships we must modify
prop 47 so we can start to prosecute
drug laws again so we can motivate drug
addicts to get treatment from the drug
addicts as they go one of three places
institution which we've taken away
prison which we've take it away or they
die so we are leaving drug addicts to
die would you would you say that the
let's say we understood the problem as
you've described it as opposed to being
fooled into thinking it's a housing
problem what what are the biggest
obstacles is that funding is it
political competence is it that the
city's not working with the state which
isn't working with the federal system
where's the problem
sort of all of the above in in for
instance when you look at the rat
problem why they're not addressing that
aggressively you can't you shake your
head white there's about to be a serious
and by the way we were focusing on the
rats
we have tuberculosis we have other
illnesses blossoming in California as
well but in terms of the incompetence
where is the incompetence when you
really boil it down there seems to be
something about ideology here well
there's a guy named John Morlock a state
senator that went up for the state I
might you know I sort of woke him up to
what was going on and he went up and
proposed moderate he brought families up
there with homeless offspring with
homeless you know loved ones and they
begged the state Senate we want our
loved ones back there are thousands of
us we have
homes for them we can give them
resources we can do nothing because of
the laws please help us modify the
gravely disabled the state Senate
essentially said to these these these
suffering families take a hike who are
you to tell these people what to do and
think about this guy if these were
dementia patients we were talking about
nted patients walking out on the street
disorganized lack of insight unable to
care for themselves and people did not
help them there would be outrage and
it's the same symptoms caused by a
different illnesses Ainge symptoms but
we privileged psychiatric symptoms in
the law because of ideology there's
another crazy 60,000 people are
defecating and urinating directly into
the gutters every day so we have this
sewage of 60,000 people hitting the
ocean every day do we do we need a some
kind of a czar to take care of it I
don't know what it would be it's because
it's not a homeless it would be a mental
health and and drug addiction are sort
of different but overlapping what kind
of czar you know does the federal
government just need to come in and say
look the cities are handling this we
could have bubonic plague this could go
everywhere the federal government has to
step in do you think the federal
government needs to step in one of the
leading personalities and helping the
homeless in Los Angeles looked at me two
weeks ago and said it's over we can't
handle this we need a FEMA style
emergency with the Red Cross and the
National Guard we need to put up a
hundred strong tents that are triage
centers we have to deal with this like
it emergency that it is so he I'm not
quite there yet I'm ready to pull that
trigger if we start to see the diseases
I think we are going to then we have to
know but the FEMA organization is also
not equipped to handle drug addiction
and mental health so I mean they could
they could have tents like crazy and
people maybe won't even go in the
it but if you have the National Guard
you can supersede the state laws and you
can say look this is a national
emergency we have to bring you in
we have armies of people prepared to
help the homeless here we have it's not
for lack of resources the taxpayers in
this region have set aside billions and
billions of dollars
it's just they cannot get through their
own regulation and their own ideology to
deal with this humanitarian catastrophe
so it's would you say that this is sort
of a president without getting political
president Trump is the he likes to cut
through regulations he likes his
executive orders does he have the power
to take care of this if it were a
national emergency my understanding is
that that's one of the ways to do it I'm
hoping you know I'm I'm just trying to
slog through the process of making the
changes I recommend it to you of you
know modifying the proposition of trying
to change the way we deal with mental
illness and and one of the reasons I'm
I'm I think we need to take a little
time with this if you have to build some
of them LA County Supervisors are in the
process of building jails they can
handle mental illness and psychiatric
beds which we need many more so there's
so there are some things happening but
way too slowly to really to stop the
bubonic plague it sounds like oh so
things are happening that look positive
but probably way too small and way too
slow to stop the bubonic plague that's
what I'm concerned about and if that if
that begins to emerge and again it could
be imagine of measles gets into this
population this is a suboptimal you can
get in we have tuberculosis getting in
there could be something we had typhoid
fever broke down on Los Angeles and a
police you know police station
contracted it I mean it it's the
potential they would the thing that's
right I'm obviously you know exercise
but this whole thing is this the basic
needs of civilization I have a
government that is ignoring the basic
needs of human civilization at the
safety healthcare
you know it seems to me that the reason
that this snuck up on us and I think you
know I've had some experience with my
stepson and addiction recently I lost
him less than a year ago and one of the
things I found when he turned 18 is if
you're an adult nobody can tell you to
do anything and if you want if you want
to do things that are dangerous to you
and dangerous to others there's
absolutely nothing that can be done but
on top of that I think that society has
reached a point where there are larger
number of people's who can't make their
way in society in the normal way in
other words if it were 200 years ago and
somebody was a little slow or you know
maybe had a little mental problems they
could still work on the farm and and you
probably wouldn't you know be any worse
off for it but today you know if you've
got if you've got an IQ under a certain
level you've got a mental problem you've
got an addiction problem there is no
place in the United States you can go
and be productive you're pretty much
doomed and it seems to be let me run an
idea by you I don't see any way to fix
this without creating essentially cities
that are just for these types of folks
maybe a city for addicted a small city
for people with mental health issues
because don't you have to get them out
of where they are and and put them in
one place where you've got the resources
and they can't get a hold of drugs and
they they can't run away too easily is
location going to be as part of the
solution or do you think it can be fixed
where it is there's 60,000 people in LA
it's part of the reason we're in the
problem you described is we refused to
acknowledges acknowledge that we have
brains and the brains are different one
to the other and the brains get sick
sometimes we don't acknowledge that what
we can't possibly help people that have
these these disabilities and so that's
part about not going to a separate place
you know look at you know the
interesting thought experiment
you can do it yourself is think about
who the Pioneers were I mean who cube
went out on the you know who thought it
was a good idea to walk into these
dangerous territories and some of the
homeless would have been those people
which is kind of an interesting thought
experiment to do these are people that
could be productive of ways if we could
stabilize them psychiatrically and and
find ways to help them be creatively
contribute these down but they're my
patient look I've been in the field of
addiction treatment if nobody ever got
better and nobody ever regained
you know a place in the world most of my
patients is so it's possible to do so on
those that did not still found
meaningful existence with their family
as long as you can get them into the
process and you of course have to have
the motivation as you said we need to be
a little more firm about them how many
of the people on the street do you think
out of the 60,000 how many of them would
cooperate with anything there you know
we're really talking about the
chronically homeless right the the city
keeps talking about people who are
transiently homeless which most people
get out of homelessness in about three
months it's those that are permanently
homeless and then thrive that want to be
on the streets and your question was how
many them would take anything if you
offered it that question well how many
how many would take help if it meant
they had to cooperate with with some
authorities go somewhere get off the
drugs etc the point help is available
right now we have armies of people
available but you would have you would
have to force them to take the help
right alright so you would you would
literally need armed two people to come
in and pick them up off the ground and
probably restrain them and takes it into
a facility would you not armed personnel
would be these people who would be
enforcing these things called vagrancy
laws and drug laws and would say hey you
have a choice I'm going to take you to
prison or you can go to treatment hmm
well is so what do you what do you think
is the problem in getting people to
understand the magnitude of it is that
that people are saying well it's an LA
problem and la just doesn't have the
competence to solve it is that the
people think it's someone else's problem
or they don't they're just now seeing it
as big as a big a deal as it is it's
most of the country I think is not
saying it as big a deal as it is those
of us who live here are just this sleepy
city is beginning to wake up to what's
going on we could ignore it we could
step over it it was in concentrated
areas but it is filled everywhere it's
all the way into the San Gabriel Valley
think about it that is what 25 miles
from Skid Row is extended that far and
so nobody can ignore it anymore
and crime is going off the chart people
are dying in the streets is you can't
well you can't live in the city and not
be aware of it any longer and so it can
no longer be ignored what what is the
the one thing that we listening can
advocate for who whose job is it
declared an emergency for example if you
think that would be maybe the most
important thing is that's the most
important thing right now I think it is
what I would advise is all of us keep
the heat on our city
the LA County Board of Supervisors is
beginning respond the the LA City this
more yesterday just agreed that they
need to fight harder against the ACLU
and all the organizations that keeps
suing them see every time they try to do
something the Civil Liberties
organizations come in and sue them and
say you can't touch these people can't
they're belonging this is the problem
and Mike my questioned what I keep
asking these people that are the
do-gooders that have false compassion
for people that are dying on the streets
is how many must die how many these
people must die before you change your
philosophy and if they not did and their
death soon enough we're gonna leave the
community that these infectious diseases
spread so how many must die before you
change your damn direction so are you
saying that the ACLU is literally going
to be complicit if things go the way
they look like that going that the ACLU
will literally be
Bhupati bubonic plague in los angeles
categorically category Wow
so let's let's paint them with that
because that you know this is the first
time I've heard that I I haven't heard a
villain and sometimes you need a villain
to to organize you know organized anger
and organized action if the ACLU is
behind bubonic plague in Los Angeles I
think they need to own that
it's like one of the women there's a
woman turn II who's one of the leaders I
forget her name again I wish I could
remember it I had her on my radio
program and and I asked her I said you
know she was going on about you know
housing and and we asked her two
questions what what is the price that
housing should be that would cause
homeless people to go indoors
what's that number of course she didn't
have that and number two I asked her how
many people are gonna die before you
stop it
how many Wow all right dr. drew give us
give us our takeaways what can we do as
American citizens is there any place to
focus our our energy to help you on this
well organizations like the LA Union
mission needs your support if they're if
you have your line at ca.gov and you
just find your representative and send
an email turn up here supposedly well I
have a little bit of audio trouble so
give us give us the contact again again
if you're in California you just call
the California website I think it's
ca.gov something like that and on there
you can find your representatives when
you send them an email I'm the city of
Los Angeles keep an eye out for the
propositions there will be in 2020 a
modification of prop 1 but it's it's
gonna be slow and forth yeah but we have
to keep at it every day all right well I
will add to the voices and try to try to
be as persuasive as as
possible I very kindly introduced me to
Bill Polti and he is we're building a
little coalition of people and I think
coalition building could yeah we lost
lost the audio there all right
dr. Joe I heard you say that bill Polti
you're starting to work with them
looking at looking at the options and
trying to build a little energy around
that a coalition we'll hear more about
that through through bill or through you
in terms of updates on what we're doing
okay well so everybody should follow you
at give us your Twitter so we can follow
you the RDR aw a drug that's easy all
right all right thank you so much I'm
gonna go on with the rest of my content
here and you know we all love you for
for doing this it's a tremendous service
and the world ocean for this thank you I
well we will help as much as we can and
thank you again thank you dr. Julie all
right well I mean that it that really is
a a wake-up call is it and it's just so
hard to find the the right levers but I
think between dr. Drew and if Bill Polti
is getting interested in this problem
that brings a whole level of capability
that probably they've never seen on this
problem and I'm talking about a lot of
capability so maybe the government isn't
the right the right lever maybe maybe it
needs to be activists and people with
money and people know how to do stuff
let's talk about some other stuff
because it can't be all all bad news
today
all right in no particular order
did you see that the the Trump campaign
is selling plastic straws as a
fundraiser so you can buy a plastic
straw according to their website so you
don't have to use the week paper straws
from the Liberals now I like my
environment and if people say that
plastic straws are bad for it well who
might argue I don't know if it's the
biggest problem in the world but less
plastic seems like a good idea to me
that said this is hilarious it is
absolutely hilarious that the Trump
campaign is selling plastic straws to
raise money and apparently successfully
it looks like it's doing well I actually
thought of getting some but I don't want
to get kicked out of any restaurants Ted
Cruz and Bill Cassidy have introduced a
resolution to call to have Anti Fog
designated as a domestic terrorist
organization how about that do you think
that will be approved do you think that
Congress could approve the resolution to
call an tyfa a domestic terrorist
organization well that will be
interesting won't it I am 100% behind
this anti-fur has to be classified as a
dangerous violent organization now I get
it
I get it not every person who calls
themselves an tyfa has any intention of
being violent I get it I get it that
they're fighting against bad people in
their minds but unfortunately when you
guys show up in a public place the
people with the the costumes who were
were sort of what I call lifestyle
terrorists start hurting people and you
either need to get a new organization or
stop having public events or live with
the fact that that Congress is
considering just just think about the
fact if you're thinking of joining and
you file just think about this you're
thinking of joining and Congress is
considering a resolution to designate
the organization you're considering
joining as a domestic terrorist
organization think about that before you
put it on your resume all right if you
join an tyfa and it ever shows up on any
social media that you're part of that
organization you are now part of an
organization which is being seriously
debated to be put on the designated as a
domestic terrorist organization so
things are going to get fun even if they
even if that resolution doesn't get
approved you don't want that on your
resume trust me that's not gonna get you
a job a couple of hoaxes to talk about a
couple more hoaxes the world is full of
hoaxes lately remember that big deal
about how Jared got his security
clearance and maybe Ivanka too and there
was some thought that the people who do
security clearances had been leaned on
and you know maybe they they sure
circuited the process well turns out
none of that happened the the people in
charge of the security clearances
testified and said no there was no
pressure normal process just like always
total news cycle how long did we hear
the news about that all fake news there
was literally nothing there here's
another one do you remember all that big
deal about the president's hush money
payments to porn stars and to to the
Playmate and was this some kind of a
campaign law violation well seems that
the federal prosecutors in New York who
have ended their investigation of all
that and they kind of didn't care now I
guess they're just not going to pursue
it meaning that it's either not illegal
or it can't be proven illegal or they
don't care or it's too trivial or
something
but turns out it was never a big problem
more fake news all right here's some
more fake news the president said that
when his rally when people started
chanting send her back he said did you
notice I started talking quickly to try
to you know talk over it and shut it
down and other people said we've seen
the video mr. president
you did not do that you did not do that
who's right did the president try to
talk quickly and shut down the chants or
did he not well you're both right
because if you watch the entire video
and of course we don't live in a world
where people show you the entire video
anymore there there was a small chance
this started and the President did jump
in and continue to his speech and it did
slow it down or stop it
did you see that if you didn't see that
part then you probably saw an edited
video that's like all the other edited
videos to give you a misleading picture
now he started talking but after a while
that chienne started up again
and at that point he just sort of
stopped for a moment and turned around
and then got back to his speech but he
wasn't encouraging it and he did he did
did try to shut it down the first time
it happened the second time it happened
it was a little big and he just sort of
let it go and then didn't really
acknowledge it and kind of went on so
that was sort of a half true half false
it depends which which moment you're
looking at but I'm watching the outrage
competition and I'm trying to see who
who on the Left which anti-trump er is
even on the right which ones have done
the best role-playing of being deeply
offended I've got a feeling that a lot
of people who say they're the mo
offended by it or first of all not
immigrants and probably are not that
offended by it at all so it all looks
like acting to me it's like yeah it's
the outrage Olympics and I think the
winner is se Cups if you read her stuff
I think she's done the best job of being
deeply offended by it all and so give
her credit for acting the most offended
now how much should we care about it the
president said he was unhappy with the
chance I would add to that I am
personally unhappy with the chant
but I'm only unhappy about the way it
was received the people of doing the
chant I think we're just having a joke
it looked like they were having a laugh
I don't believe anybody chanting thought
that Omar was at any risk of being
deported at least for for the reasons
stated but imagine how scary it would be
pretty scary so I would agree with the
president's assessment that maybe we
should tone that Senator Bakk stuff down
because it does scare a lot of people
and it's not fair do you know what else
we should stop doing calling people
Nazis maybe we should tone that down
don't you think maybe we should give
anti far less less reason to hit people
on the head when they're not looking so
I don't think you can treat them as
substantially different the the problem
with the chants send them home has
nothing to do with the people in the
room who are chanting it has to do with
let's say normalizing normalizing a type
of behavior which could lead directly or
indirectly to bad behavior because it
condones it it would make somebody some
day somewhere more likely to cross a
line because they believe mistakenly I
think
they would believe that there are a lot
of people sort of on their side there
are a lot of crazy people in the world a
lot of dumb people in the world and even
though there's people at the rally we're
probably just having a laugh with it I
think they were just doing it for fun
somebody's gonna take you seriously and
somebody's gonna say well yeah we should
act on this in some bad way and in fact
I've seen videos of bad actors telling
individuals to go back home we don't
want that but we also don't want people
calling us Nazis for wanting good border
security for example how about we treat
them the same
how about we make a deal no send your
home and no nasty stuff let's call it
the same thing because they they both
have the same effect that it will cause
somebody crazy to do something now
there's a huge story that I think is
only a huge story in the left-leaning
Twitterverse and social media and I'm
just gonna mention it because it would
seem missing if I don't and it's the
allegations the representative Omar got
to the United States under false
pretense the allegation is that she
pretended to marry her brother and that
was part of getting him here or here or
whatever here's my take on all of that
don't really care don't really care you
know you can have fun with it I'm sure
the people were deeply into the
political policies of it all we're gonna
have fun dancing all over it because
it's something about burying a brother
and it's strange behavior and it might
be illegal blada blada blada blada
here's my take on that the legal system
it can handle that stuff and I use the
same standard for President Trump that
I'm going to apply to Omar
if something is illegal I'll let the
legal system take care of it when the
legal system is done I'll take a look at
it but I'm not the legal system I'm not
the legal system I'm not the one who's
going to convict president Trump for
whatever he's being accused of I'm not
the one who's going to start convicting
Omar for whatever she's being accused of
at the moment there there are no proven
facts on that that the legal system
cares about and until the legal system
has weighed in it's none of my freakin
business all right now how do I feel
about it
as a human just that just how do I feel
about it as a person that somebody may
have gamed the system to get out of a
terrible situation to get to a much
better situation in the United States
and some allegations that her family
some part of her family went to Great
Britain how do I feel about that pretty
good pretty good you know the legal
system still has to handle whatever it
needs to handle so I'm not I'm not
excusing anything legally if there's a
legal problem the legal system will deal
with it and I'll alway but when I see
somebody in a bad situation
who figures out had a bender rule or two
to make their situation better I say if
that were me I'd do the same thing so
let me let me put this out there as
clearly as possible if I were in her
situation a bad situation and I could
bend a rule to get to a good situation I
would do it I can't judge people
ethically or morally for doing exactly
what I would do somebody says you're
excusing it let me make this clear for
the stupid people okay
I'm only going to talk to the stupid
people now the rest of you
I already know the answer to this for
the stupid people legal responsibility
nobody is excusing it I just said if the
legal system has a problem with any of
it they will deal with it and once
they're done I'll make a judgement until
they're done it's innocent until proven
guilty that's the standard I will die on
and personally I'd do the same thing
alright so if you're saying that's
excusing it well you can put any words
on it you want but legally nothing's
excused alright we have to play by the
same rules but I would have been to rule
in that situation if I were her so I
can't feel too bad about that all right
have you noticed that there are a bunch
of stories maybe you haven't noticed but
mark Schneider's been doing a great job
of keeping people informed about all the
generation four or at least new nuclear
technology and new bills
I guess Indonesia has jumped into the
lead on nuclear they're building
something I guess a new scale is that
the new scale a startup is doing
something so there's a whole bunch of
stuff that's getting ready to happen
here people are asking me about
dershowitz so here's what I know about
Alan Dershowitz
so let me just finish up on the nuclear
stuff then there's a lot of stuff
happening in the nuclear start up new
technology field a lot of stuff and it's
hard to imagine that's not going to make
a big difference to civilization so
thanks to Mark Snyder for keeping us
informed on all that alright let's talk
about Alan Dershowitz again innocent
until proven guilty what is the one
thing that Alan Dershowitz argues for
his clients and argues for president
Trump and argues for anybody who has
been accused consistently and every time
he says innocent until proven guilty so
what do I say about Alan Dershowitz
in a sentence unless somebody proven
guilty now what are the odds of it
that's what you want to know right you
want you want me to predict you want me
to tell you the odds well I was watching
I've watched the accusers and if you
watch the accusers in isolation you say
to yourself huh that sounds pretty bad
because accusers will often sound
incredible in isolation then you hear
Alan Dershowitz talk about those same
accusers and things that I think we know
about their history for example and you
say to yourself that changes everything
so I will only base this opinion on what
I've heard so far there may be things I
haven't heard but based on hearing the
accusers and then hearing Dershowitz you
know talk about his side of it I will
tell you that guilty people don't talk
the way he talks guilty people don't do
what he's doing guilty people don't use
the mannerisms the words any of it if I
were to judge him just on mannerism
words actions how he's dealing with it
how much he's willing to you know
release all of his information if we can
see their information as well he's
either the smartest guilty person who
ever lives
Carol Leno or he's totally innocent
because he's acting like an innocent guy
secondly when he gives his version of
let's say framing what we know about the
accusers it's really damning all right
in other words the accusers have
credibility problems that aren't small
they are not small problems somebody
says why did I judge small it - you
hypocrite
I'll just get rid of you some people
just like to complain
so here's my here's my take on
Dershowitz based on what I've seen so
far I would say innocent that's my
that's my prediction if there's some new
person new accusation something else
comes up
well it's something I haven't seen and
therefore I don't have an opinion on
things I haven't seen but based on what
we know listening to his defense and
listening to the act the accusers
Dershowitz is a lot more persuasive
that's all I can tell you now you have
to keep in mind that he's an expert on
on people being accused so if anybody
could if anybody could put up a good
defense it would be him obviously but he
looks really innocent to me doesn't mean
he is but he's innocent until proven
guilty and it doesn't look like
anybody's gonna prove it because what he
said about the accusers it looks like
that's easy to demonstrate in other
words he's making claims about the
accusers which are easy to verify that
they've made other claims in the past
for example that were not credible so I
think that he's gonna be okay when this
is all done all right
the most interesting thing are here's a
more another tidbit Joel of
Breitbart pointed this out and I love
this observation so apparently Omar said
recently and forgive her bad grammar but
she said if I was wearing a Maggie hat
if there was a Somali person wearing a
Maggie hat they would not be deported
because I criticized the president I
should be deported
now as Joel points out she just said it
wasn't racist wasn't the whole point
that is racist but her statement is that
if all if she were exactly the same race
exactly the same person same gender same
ethnicity same situation if everything
had been the same this is what Omar's
saying but she was also a trump
supporter wearing a Maggie hat
she says that nobody would want to
deport her so in other words it's not
about a race says says Omar at the same
time she's saying well it's all about my
race so it feels to me as if the whole
you're a racist your racist thing it's
just just completely dissolving it's
just falling apart it's just stupid at
this point and there used to be a point
and I think it was a legitimate point if
you went back I don't maybe let's let's
make it easy let's go back three decades
three decades ago if somebody said hey
somebody's being racist against white
people you would have said most people
would have said that's not a thing yeah
you can be bad to white people but you
can't be racist against them because
they have all the power and it doesn't
work that way right they're the
powerless are not really racist against
the people in power so that was you know
three decades ago and really up to the
present people would have said something
like that it no longer looks that way to
me
to me it looks like there is absolute
unambiguous racism against at least
Trump supporters at least conservatives
and mostly white people so I think that
that framing of that you can't be racist
against white people I feel as if this
is the year that that changed I feel as
if this is the year that you could go in
public and say oh yeah it's just total
racism it might not be as bad as other
people's racism it might be a different
kind there might be a different power
dynamic in play that could all be true
well let's call it what it is
people are getting pretty racist in
redirection now what I've said before
and I'll say again people don't have an
option of not being biased because your
brain is a pattern recognition machine
but it's not very good at it so we see
patterns everywhere but you know some
huge percentage of the time it's just an
illusion
but then we form our opinions based on
those illusions so people are by nature
biased by their experience and and
anybody who's different is going to be
automatically the subject to bias so the
way we should be judged is the degree to
which we can overcome it and I think we
have to just accept that we are really
bigoted species pretty much everybody
and yet it's expressed in different ways
and different amounts and I'm not saying
it's all equal I'm just saying that
everybody looks pretty bigoted to me one
way or another and we're not all as
equally talented at dealing with that
all right let's talk about something
else here's some good news
Rand Paul and Lindsey Graham apparently
went golfing with the president recently
and came away with an agreement that
Rand Paul could talk to a senior Iranian
official I guess the official will be in
the United States and try to see if they
can get a some conversation started
about peace now what do you think of
Rand Paul as let's say a key diplomat in
this in this context a key negotiator
with Iran what do you think of that
might be one of the best ideas I've ever
seen so I've said this before I I don't
agree with all of Rand Paul's political
philosophical leanings so I can't say I
can't say I'm on the same page with him
fairly frequently but here's some things
we can say about him number one he's
more creative than normal politicians
check
you're gonna need somebody who's thinks
outside the box somebody who's not
constrained by anything and I I don't
believe that Rand Paul is constrained by
anything except what he thinks is a good
idea so that's good you know you that's
the person you want there secondly
because of his his weird independent
stance he's not a Democrat but he's not
really a Republican he just you know
works with a Republicans he's sort of
his own person and I'm trying to think
is there any instance or allegation
against Rand Paul for being not
trustworthy can is there any scandal I'm
not aware of because I believe Rand Paul
might be just about correct me if I'm
wrong might be the most credible person
in the entire government am i wrong
because here's what we could know about
Rand Paul just because the politics are
leaning in one direction tells you
absolutely nothing about what Rand
Paul's gonna do right he seems to be
completely free from political wind and
he seems he seems to have the ability to
first of all be persuasive I feel like I
feel as though he's become more and more
persuasive even just in recent years so
he's probably the United States best now
I suppose you could find somebody's been
retired for a while etc but does Iran
want to talk to some 80 year old retired
person who used to be negotiating during
the Reagan era
no they want to talk to somebody who
just golfed with President Trump Rand
Paul is just about perfect for this job
just about perfect now here's the better
part Lindsey Graham had this idea he
wrote about recently with Jack keen
General Jack keen
in the Wall Street Journal talking about
a deal a proposed deal with Iran in
which that they could continue their
nuclear development but it would be for
a peaceful nuclear power and the fuel
rods which would be the dangerous part
that you could turn into weapons I
suppose that the fuel rods could come
from China or Russia and the United
States might be ok with that because you
know China and Russia already have nukes
and they have a they have an interest in
keeping Iran non-nuclear too so maybe
everybody wins now that's not enough
because there are all kinds of other
issues support for Hezbollah whatever
they're doing in Yemen you know a bunch
of other stuff but as a basic starting
point it's really good
and as Lindsey Graham pointed out if
Iran poo-pooed that completely you know
the idea of using their nuclear
capabilities for peaceful nuclear power
remember that's what they say they
wanted for Iran says they want it to
build power plants that's been their
story so if they won't accept their own
story of why they want nuclear power
well then you've proven that there's
ulterior ulterior objectives and then
you have to deal with that but you but
you'd have more power to deal with it
because then it would be more clear what
the problem is so yeah we could call
them on it so I've been telling you that
the Middle East different from any time
in history the Middle East peace is down
to one person who needs to change their
opinion that's it the the Ayatollah in
Iran if that one person decides to play
well we've got something amazing and you
know you can't you can't overstate the
power of luck and timing and being in
the right place but you need a president
Trump you probably need a Rand Paul I
think you need a Lindsey Graham these
are really strong players you need a you
need a Netanyahu strong player and I
know you're not gonna like that
but she need Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince
MBS he is a strong player in the sense
that he's willing to go against you know
convention he's willing to go against
history seems to have control of his
country and he wants peace he wants to
work something out you a yes brutal
murder
we're not overlooking that but we have
never been this close it's right on the
right on the cusp now of course the
Ayatollah could blow it all up tomorrow
and send us back to square one but we've
never been this close let me give you
one other negotiating concept somebody
said they liked watching my periscopes
because they pick up some negotiating
tips here's a negotiating tip for Iran
you know sort of working in North Korea
we've already said - hey Iran you know
your economy could be great you could be
a great country but I think we should
make an offer that's just bigger than
all offers in other words I don't think
it's enough it doesn't it doesn't change
the way you think about things enough to
simply say hey let's stop being you know
bad with each other stopping being bad
isn't enough we should offer that they
become part of something big you know
part of the Golden Age if you will
they should be Iran should be wait for
it and ally of the United States that
should be the ask the ask should not be
hey can we be less afraid you're gonna
nuke us that's not big enough that's not
new good negotiating good negotiating is
I don't want to just stop being your
enemy we need to be allies because we've
got some big issues coming up we don't
want to go to war with you you don't
want to go to war with us we never want
to go to war if you could maybe just
stop some of
these proxies you could be our ally and
then anything's possible
so I would make a bigger ask than just
fewer nukes I would go full Ally and
this and I would do the same with a
Russian by the way full Ally as an offer
because then when you're negotiating
back from that yeah it changes
everything about the way you think about
it it's completely different to say you
stop being bad than it is to say how
about you just be our ally how bad if
somebody attacks you Iran maybe will
help you out
not right away but you know when things
could going maybe maybe Iran would like
a little little military protection from
outside forces I don't see that we would
necessarily be against that you know if
they're part of a larger security
agreement
speaking of North Korea apparently their
trade with China is way down it's down
48 percent since the sanctions started
so I think North Korea is gonna give
flexible I think Iran is already
flexible and are making signals like
they might but I know what you want to
talk about you want to talk about the
president's tweet in which you went
after Thomas Friedman I will read the
tweet for your entertainment all right
this is from the President of the United
States
apparently Thomas Friedman famous author
and writer for the New York Times he
must have said something the president
didn't like something the president
didn't like because the president gave
him three vicious tweets I will read
them President Trump says Thomas quote
the chin Friedman the chin if you
haven't seen a picture of Thomas
Friedman and I'd only say this because
it's headline news I am not comfortable
talking about people's appearance but
here it is he has a weak chin he just
doesn't have much of a chin so by Trump
Trump nicknaming him the chin it draws
attention
to his least good feature because
remember he's an otherwise good-looking
guy you know smart successful he doesn't
have many flaws except that Jim so
president goes after the chin Thomas the
chin Friedman a weak and pathetic sort
of guy writes columns for the New York
Times in between rounds of his favorite
game golf I don't know why that's there
two weeks ago while speaking to a friend
on his cell phone I unfortunately ended
up speaking to Friedman I don't know why
we need all those details we spoke for a
while and he could not have been a nicer
or more respectful to your favorite
president me I love when he calls
himself your favorite president over
time it'll wear you down then I saw the
column he wrote quote Trump will be
reelected won't he he called me a racist
which I'm not and said Rhode Island went
from economically bad to great in five
years because the governor of the state
you did a good job that may be true but
she could not have done it without the
tremendous economic success of our
country in the turnaround that my
administration has caused really nasty
to me in his average IQ columns his
average IQ columns so he's calling
Friedman so he's called him the chin a
weak and pathetic sort of guy and that
he writes average IQ columns and that he
quote kissed my ass on the call phony
man our president does not like Thomas
Friedman here's what I think you know
when when Nancy Pelosi and I saw some
other people frame it this way they said
of the send them home quote they said
that the the tweet was racist which is
different from saying the person is
racist can we agree that people can say
things which are bad without being bad
people is that a thing can we agree that
that's possible Nancy Pelosi says so and
I think it is
that would be that would be important
but we continually conflate offensive
with racists how offensive was it for
president Trump to call Thomas Friedman
the chin a weak and pathetic sort of guy
with an average IQ column who kisses his
ass and he's a phony
is that not offensive well yeah it is
it's meant that way it's it's intended
to be offensive now is the president a
racist because he criticized Thomas
Friedman now why Thomas Friedman is
generic adult white guy so but if he
criticizes the people who have banded
together as the squad who either by
coincidence or intention happened to be
people of color and women if the
president criticizes them with this kind
of fire what will people say racist
racist now I'm pretty sure if Thomas
Friedman had been born in Great Britain
that the president would have at least
considered saying he should go back home
so I'm kind of in the camp of the
president is offensive and if you think
that offensive is the same as racist
there's something wrong with you that
that's a problem on your end now if
you're complaining because he's being
offensive and you don't like your
president to be offensive I would say
well okay that's an opinion I happen to
think it's hilarious I happen to think
it works so it's effective and it's
hilarious but it's also undignified
and if somebody thinks that's more
important I would say that's a
reasonable opinion it's not one I'm
likely to adopt but it's not
unreasonable but when you say that
somebody who is offensive to everyone
is a racist what he's offensive to
people of color this is not flying
that's just not that's just not good
anything all right I think we've talked
about oh did you how many of you noticed
on Jeopardy last night one of the
answers was me so I was a I was a
Jeopardy answer last night the question
was I guess the answer was because
Jeopardy works backwards the answer was
the creator of Dilbert
who got an MBA from Berkeley and I think
I got that one right I think that was me
all right those are all the topics I
will close by saying if you did not see
Bill Paul tase periscope it's on his
Twitter feed you can see it on my
Twitter feed as well in which he gave he
awarded a car a $20,000 car and $10,000
in cash to a veteran who was a woman who
was a single mom
and it is the coolest thing to watch you
have to watch that video because to
watch the veteran it was a woman and to
watch her reaction to how much that how
much that changed her life to have a
some transportation and little cash to
get going that's life-changing and I'll
tell you what I love about it you know
one of the things that makes our
military the best in the world
is the psychology of it I mean a lot of
other reasons too obviously but the
psychology of our military is a big part
of their success and their effectiveness
and part of that psychology is you don't
leave people behind
so you don't leave the wounded behind
you don't even leave the dead behind you
don't leave anybody behind and even if
you risk your own life you don't leave
people behind and when I watched bill
pulled a who is in effect helping a
veteran who in at least in an economic
sense had been left
behind it really it really makes you
feel good it really makes you feel that
something important to our human
experience important to the military
importance of the defence important to
the national the national psyche the
national mental health there's something
important happening there so keep your
eyes on Bill Polti what he's doing is
amazing and I can't say enough about it
and I but I will tell you you're gonna
hear more from Bill Polti I've got a
little bit of idea what's in the
pipeline and there's some good stuff
coming I gave a thousand dollars
recently through through Bill's efforts
to a veteran who a veteran and family
whose possessions burned up they were it
was in a moving truck and the entire
moving truck caught on fire and they
lost everything down and so a number of
us including me donated some money to it
won't cover all of it but at least you
know it'll take some of the sting away
and I I was honoured I felt you know I
gave $1,000 and the only thing I felt
about it was honored I felt that in some
small way and it is small a small way
that I could help this veteran in ways
that veterans help us all the time so
that's your feel-good moment let's take
that into the rest of the day and watch
for more bill Pulte news it's gonna be
fun there's stuff coming up I'll talk to
you later