of you want to see a show hands up all
right all right it looks like it's
unanimous then we'll do a show but I'm
going to have to look at your
comments you know I love
them let me get that going
here there we
[Music]
go how do I look is my t-shirt all nice
and pressed good
good good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that even the International Space
Station can imagine all you need for
that is a CER mugger a glass of tankered
shell suin a canteen jugg or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid
I like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopam of the day
the thing that makes everything better
it's called that's right it's called the
simultaneous zp and it happens right now
go well the rumble studio is working
perfectly all the platforms are on in
place everything's looking good I had a
good night of sleep I think things are
looking up I do but uh let's check on
the news anything happening well here's
some
studies um people find According To Live
Science Drew tney is writing about this
people find AI to be more compassionate
than mental health
experts that's right they did a study
and AI is more compassionate than mental
health
experts now the question that I have is
is why is compassion always the right
answer if you have mental health
problems is compassion the right answer
and the reason I ask is because
compassion is a reward right so if you
want to do more of something you would
reward it if you wanted to do less of
something you would starve it or
penalize it so what happens when you say
say doctor I have this terrible problem
and the doctor says oh oh maximum
empathy you have that problem oh I feel
so bad for you then don't you get a
reward so why would you fix your problem
if you're being rewarded for
it but sometimes don't you think you
need the tough love don't you think you
need a kick in the ass sometimes more
than you need compassion how about you
know I have no compassion for that uh
you need to just get your ass in gear
maybe you need to go to the gym maybe
you need to eat right and go to bed at
9:00 instead of 2: a.m. maybe you should
do the same thing that everybody else
does to be happy and maybe you can come
back and if none of that works well I've
got a lot of compassion for you but I
don't have any compassion for you if
you're not doing the most obvious things
in the world that everybody does to be
happy and you've decided not to do them
and then you're complaining to me so I
don't think compassion is always the
right answer I'm going to I'm going to
say the human might get the edge on this
one so too much compassion bad but some
compassion yes certainly there are
problems where there's nothing you can
do about it and for that maximum
compassion I'm all in for a compassion
on that
all here's another study according to
the Daily Mail Luke schaer is writing
about this uh doctors reveal the
alarming reason why you should never in
capital letters never go for long
periods without
sex did you know and this is going to
shock you that people who go for long
periods without sex they're not as happy
as
people as people have a lot of sex did
you know
that well if you didn't know that you
could have just asked
anybody uh I I'll stick with my theme of
asking Scott but you didn't have to ask
me you could have just looked around and
said is anybody uh any of you have you
not had sex in a long time how do you
feel about it are you are you satisfied
do you feel like your life is complete
no didn't see that com
I don't know how anybody could have ever
predicted that not doing the one thing
that you're biologically maximized to
do uh how could that make you unhappy I
don't
know so next time just ask me just just
ask me I could have saved you so much
time well JD Vance is confident he says
that there'll be a deal for Tik Tock so
that it can stay but we have a
non-chinese ownership New York Post is
reporting this and he thinks there'll be
some quote high level purchase of Tik
Tock and it could happen before April
5th um but you know these big Deals they
do take some time so maybe maybe he must
know something we don't know but he's
you know JD Vance would understand this
part of the world so he's not like Mike
Pence
think about JD
Vance uh and analyzing the you know the
odds of Tik Tock being purchased you
know by a bunch of investors you know to
think about his qualifications to talk
about that topic which are very high
because he's been in that
business uh versus Mike
Pence what would Mike Pence have to say
about this that we would care about JD
Vance is way more capable and uh I think
ultimately powerful than we might be
understanding right now so he he is
really well
poised for you know what comes
next in other good news it's uh so far
it's a half good news we expect more
good news coming but the SpaceX crew has
docked with the International Space
Station imagine if you were an alien
and you were you were just reaching
Earth's uh you know outer atmosphere and
you're trying to observe what the locals
are doing and you say wait hold on we
see something happening up here in uh in
the space Oh there they are it looks
like we we see one of the people uh they
they seem to be able to float in space
and they look kind of made of metal oh
here's another one oh we're going to see
a mating practice I I think they're
mating oh yep they're mating they're
mating no they're not mating they're
just docking it's called docking not
fuing and uh that's the first step to
rescue those stranded NASA
astronauts
so it seems to me that in normal times
this would be one of the biggest stories
in the whole country and we'd be
obsessed by it and every time you turned
on the T they'd say it's halfway done
the rescue is halfway done Elon Musk is
the hero that we needed he's doing it
with you know nothing in return he's
he's just amazingly created a company
that can rescue astronauts in space when
nothing else can do
it do you think that's what's going to
happen or it will it be ignored because
it's just so obviously positive
patriotic inspirational
yeah I think it'll be a little bit
ignored now it won't be totally ignored
they'll report it is news but I don't
think they're going to be obsessing over
how awesome it
is and if you don't mind I'd like to
obsess for just a moment now they're not
home yet right so they're they've done
the hard part which is the docking I
think that's the hard part um so we're
hoping that you know the other part is
just as as
successful but can we just be impressed
just be impressed for a moment just just
allow us to
feel that at least some part of
America can do something that's kind of
awesome so let's just enjoy it and uh
good luck to all of them and uh looking
forward to all of you
return well in
a in a story that's almost the complete
opposite uh Joy Reed who is as you know
fired from
MSNBC according to Radar Online who has
an exclusive they've got some kind of
Insider at MSNBC news who says that Joy
Reed is really really mad about about
getting fired and she's ready to scream
bloody murder and uh she might have
Insight or knowledge about bad things
that happened to MSNBC
and uh see uh she's uh she might seek
Vengeance she might seek
Vengeance now here's the funny
part did MSNBC not see this coming you
know I've wondered for a long time like
why don't they get rid of her it just
it's so obvious that she's bad for their
brand I thought and I thought man it's
just taking forever for them to do the
obvious you know to to improve that slot
and uh maybe now we know why maybe they
were afraid that she would be completely
unpredictable and be seeking Vengeance
and have all kinds of insight or
knowledge so she take down the entire
the entire
network so how could MSNBC have seen
this
coming well they could have asked
me I saw it coming
so did most of you could have asked
anybody but I think they knew it yeah
she looked like
trouble so can you can you make a list
of all the things that Scott would enjoy
the most and where would you put Joy
Reed destroys what's left of
MSNBC top 10 right I mean even if it's a
long list of things that Scott would
enjoy top
10 so I've decided to go all in on
supporting Joy Reed Joy Reed Joy
[Laughter]
Reed it doesn't get any
better anyway let's check on the color
Revolution that's totally not a color
Revolution you know what a color
Revolution is it's all the dirty tricks
that the US uses to overthrow other
countries um you know making it look
like there's a ground swell for whoever
we support and there's action in the
streets and there's giant protests but
you know of course they're all organized
and paid and you know completely
artificial and then we control their
media so the media acts like the the
Challenger that we want to be in office
is the only one that can do the job and
the other one's a
Nazi sound
familiar well that's what's happening
right now in the United States but I
asked perplex the AI I said given all
the things that are happening the
protests and whatnot against Tesla Etc I
said uh are we experiencing a color
Revolution and perplexed he said oh no
no no I I don't even know what you're
talking about so I guess not right
because ai ai couldn't identify it so it
turns out that there are only uh totally
organic protests about in this case uh
Tesla because there are tons of young
people who really really care about the
exact method that was used to reduce
costs at the organization they' never
heard of called
usaid These are the least organic
protests I've ever seen you you thought
the black lives matter looked a little
suspicious you thought antifa looked a
little
suspicious the people who are hating the
electric cars the very same people who
would have killed their own children to
make sure there were lots of electric
cars to save the planet suddenly they
just hate the electric cars and the
person is doing it and boy did they hate
anybody who's trying to do get rid of
the the waste and uh abuse and
fraud and then Reed Hoffman just went on
Cole bear I think it was last night Reed
Hoffman on Cole bear huh what does that
sound like
that sounds like somebody making sure
that the
media has a message that supports the
protesters exactly like a color
Revolution that's that's exactly what
you'd expect to see but you know at
least you can trust Co bear not to be
part of any kind of what okay maybe you
don't trust Co bear so Cole bear asked
uh Reed Hoffman hey you know you know
Elon Musk
what what do you think about him doing
all this Doge cross cutting and what did
Reed Hoffman say well he's smart enough
he's very smart to say well we like you
know cutting the waist of course but we
we think that he could do it in a more
compassionate and perhaps more legal
way what's that sound
like that's what I call a generic
complaint
you want to hear another generic
complaint it should have been done
sooner that's my
ultimate My ultimate ridiculous
complaint well it was a good idea but it
should have been done sooner okay shut
up well it's a good idea but it should
have been done with more compassion shut
up well it's a good idea but it should
have been done with more attention to
the legalities of it yeah which would
have stopped her from doing anything
shut up these are such generic stupid
ridiculous pure propaganda complaints
does anybody know that the compassionate
method would have worked did we do a
study that is there a way to fire
massive amounts of people and make them
feel good about it oh we're we're going
to take your job uh but we'd like you to
feel good about it and although the
people are not very compassionate we we
have an AI you can talk to and the AI
has been proven to be more compassionate
so here's the AI hey AI Elon Musk and
his doge team just fired me oh oh that's
bad oh he should have been more
compassionate but I am I'm the AI oh
that's terrible oh what would you do so
bad he's so incompassion and and I'm not
even sure that it's all legal oh oh the
AI would say oh that's so bad it it
should have been done sooner and it
should be more
legal and more compassionate and by the
way I'm going to tell you something
you've never heard before here's some
advice you can take with you for the
rest of your life this will serve you
really well he should have used a
scalpel instead
of that's right a chainsaw yeah those
are my generic
complaints and by the way it reminds me
of
Hitler uh how exactly does it remind you
of Hitler well Hitler um he maybe he
uh he uh he owned a chainsaw I don't
think he did it probably didn't own a
chainsaw he
uh but did he own a
scalpel no he probably never owned a
scalpel see see so Hitler didn't own a
scalpel and Elon Musk is not using a
scalpel you see right can you see it's
kind of obvious now everybody sees it
now right there's no point in hiding it
and there was also that time he raised
his his arm above his waist who does
that Hitler Hitler does that and by the
way Bill Burr says that was a Nazi
salute so if you can't believe Bill Burr
who's the biggest freaking idiot I've
ever seen in my life if you can't
believe him when he interpreted
something to be absolutely ridiculous
well who can you
believe yesterday I saw the the
ultimate um it's almost like this
Russian egg egg with an egg thing where
somebody said that uh musk was a a Nazi
because he supported the far right um
party in Germany and said that they're
the only ones that could fix Germany now
I assume that that has something to do
with immigration that they're they must
be opposed to mass immigration so I
assume that's what the what he meant
that they're the only ones that can stop
Germany from just being overrun becoming
a different country
so um so the allegation was that the
far- right party in Germany is pro-nazi
and and that uh Elon Musk was supporting
him so I mean that's proof right that's
proof he must be a Nazi because he's
supporting a group that also is accused
of being a Nazi so I said hey AI
perplexity
can you give me some examples of what
this far- right party is because I've
never I've never weighed in one way or
the other about German politics but I
thought whoa that's a that's a pretty
incendiary claim so what would be some
examples of this far right party
supporting
Nazis and so it gave me examples and and
listen to these chilling
examples there was the one time
one person who was in the
party said something that was similar to
what um the Nazis had once
said without giving me the
example what would be the
example of what they once said that he
also once said because I'm not positive
but I'll bet you people say a lot of
things that Nazis once said but don't we
need some context don't I need an
example
then there was
uh some other individual now keep in
mind that these are not these are not
the parties platform which has nothing
to do with anything Nazi but rather
there were
individuals who were blamed for saying
something that reminded someone else a
Critic it reminded a Critic of Nazis do
you know what else reminds the left of
Nazis
everything everything everything reminds
the left of
Nazis so the other was uh the some
leader said that not every person who
was in the SS was a
criminal so therefore he must be backing
Nazis to which I say I'm going to need a
little context on that one is it
possible and by the way I'll be blamed
of being a Nazi just for saying this so
I'm going to do it anyway because I
don't give a you know you know I don't
care did it mean and this is a question
not a statement did it mean that there
might have been some people who were
just sort of pressed into it and didn't
do anything especially illegal they were
just trying to stay alive and play along
during you know was there somebody who
was in the SS who basically was just
doing the bookkeeping and didn't want to
be there but you know it was easier than
not I don't know so wouldn't you like to
know what that example
was so it sounded exactly like every
leftist complaining about every
Republican candidate for
president every Republican candidate for
president has been compared to a Nazi no
matter what they did apparently it's
just the same thing happening in Germany
that there's people who will say hey it
looks like it's a sunny day oh oh does
it does it look like a sunny day well
did you know what today is no I I wasn't
even thinking about the C oh it's
Hitler's
birthday so so you're saying that that
Hitler's birthday looks like a sunny day
you obvious Nazi and then you're like
you wipe your brow
like this is terrible and they say what
there it is your hand is above your
waist what yeah your hand was above your
waist
that's called a Nazi
salute and you say but but it wasn't it
wasn't I was just wiping my brow because
you made be so nervous no no first of
all Elon Musk supports you and since
he's a Nazi why why do you say he's a
Nazi well obviously because he's
supporting the Nazis but why do you say
they're the Nazis because they say
things that remind me of Hitler but wait
reminding you of Hitler is every
thing that happens every five minutes
everything reminds you of Hiller why is
that a standard for how somebody else is
Hiller well don't ask
questions so the color Revolution is on
and uh the the obviously the Tesla
attacks are paid obviously does anybody
doubt that is there anybody here who
thinks that suddenly all the people who
were Pro electric cars and Afraid of
climate change that suddenly they
completely changed their opinion because
they really like the waste Fraud and
Abuse or that they're really worried
about the compassion of the people who
are being fired from these ridiculous
jobs where there should have been half
as many people does anybody think this
is genuine does anybody think that that
the leftist woke up and said wait a
minute he's using a chainsaw instead of
a scalpel on things that have nothing to
do with me and I didn't even know
existed nobody cares about this no well
the people were getting fired care about
their own lives but nobody cares about
it as a
topic nobody cares about it as a
political
problem is basically every company uh oh
this is the other thing I think Reed
hofman said that somehow Elon Musk
didn't understand that the government is
different from a priv
company I think he understands that do
you know who else understands it
everybody everybody literally everybody
in the whole freaking world knows that
the government doesn't operate like a
private company everybody knows that so
there's your generic complaints oh he
used a he's not using a scalp pole he's
he should have happened sooner oh should
have used more compassion I'm not sure
if it's all
goal no none of it's organic it's all
performative by the way have you noticed
how many people are using the word
performative it it's now completely part
of the um Republican let's say mega prot
Trump World we're seeing nothing but
performance this is completely
artificial and do you know how I know
it's artificial because nobody's asking
enough questions yeah I saw one video
where somebody talked to one protester
and said are you getting paid and then
the one protester said oh yes definitely
being paid but he might have been joking
meaning that it kind of looked like he
might have been pranking you know just
to send people off the
scent
um and don't you think that's the
biggest question
shouldn't the news be only about the
organizers shouldn't they be talking to
you know as many individual protesters
as they can to find out are you being
paid now I'm a little
suspicious of all the evidence that I'm
seeing on social media that suggests
they're being paid I I'm completely sure
that these are not
organic but I worry that there might be
some fake Stories being planted that
won't check
out so there's like oh here's this
here's this advertisement for
protesters and then you say ah there it
is there's an advertisement right in the
newspaper for protesters or online or
something and you go there it is there
it is is proof and then later they
say no it wasn't we made that up that
was just a meme somebody was just joking
you fell for it obviously is not it's
not organized or paid for so I'm sure
it's organized and paid for by all the
usual bad guys who do color revolutions
I'm sure of that these are fake there's
no way in the world that people
organically decided that Teslas are bad
and that that Elon is a Nazi nobody
would come to these opinions on their
own by thinking through what they've
seen nobody this is purely brainwashing
Andor follow the money some combination
of those two
things anyway the uh swatting of
conservatives continues and maybe even
is increasing and now that you know
people have the idea I suppose it'll be
worse I did see somebody did an
analysis of
um the opinions about
Ukraine that the people who got swatted
had so a lot of the people who got
swatted seem to have uh a very clear
anti-
Ukraine
messaging and do you think that's what
it is do you think it's entirely a
Ukraine um kind of a
thing I don't
know I'm going to say that is at least
in my top three
possibilities but don't you think the
government should be trying to figure
that out
it would make sense because it it is a
chilling thing all right so for
example if I knew that you that anybody
who said anything bad about Ukraine was
getting swatted would it make me less
likely to say something bad about
Ukraine well if I were normal yes but
since I'm not normal Ukraine if you
guys are doing this we better not find
out
you know what I mean you we better not
find out now I'm not going to say that
they're doing it because I I don't have
any evidence of that but if if that were
to come
out oh my
God that would not be for free if you
think that's a free punch you're going
to have a real surprise coming because
that's going to be super expensive for
Ukraine and super dangerous cuz we would
would drop support really
quickly so
Ukraine if it is you you better rethink
this really quickly now and again I
don't have any evidence this Ukraine so
I'm not I'm not I'm not accusing Ukraine
whatsoever but if any
evidence
arrived that's going to be really
dangerous for Ukraine maybe worse than
Russia attacking it's going to be really
bad so make sure you're not doing that
Ukraine
anyway what else is going on here um
Randy Warden is uh still on TV uh doing
her performative thing which she does
was Randy wearden ever
a like a a theater
major did she have any background in the
theater cuz she really looks like an
actress when she goes on TV she she
emotes more than you know any normal
person you've ever met she puts on quite
a show so she's good at that good at
putting on a show and obviously good at
retaining power and maybe even really
good for the teachers I don't know maybe
she's doing a good job for teachers but
it it's not doing a good job for her
students that's not her job her job is
not to make the students happy it's to
make make the teachers happy and to make
the Democrats happy but uh so she's
really mad really mad she's spitting mad
she says about the Department of
Education being you know wound down or
decreased now uh let me do a quick
survey uh since there have already been
some some changes there uh is anybody
does anybody have children that are
getting Dumber because the Department of
Education is under attack anybody is
there anybody who had children who used
to be able to spell and do math but
suddenly they
can't is there anybody whose children
benefited in any way from the Department
of Education as far as you can tell is
there anybody besides the people
directly
fired who in all of the and all the
different government Doge related
activities is there anybody whose life
is gotten worse because of anything that
Doge has
done so far I haven't felt the
impact now obviously it's a big impact
to the people losing jobs
but is it an impact to the rest of the
country because unfortunately we do have
a system where if things don't work you
lose your job even if you were doing a
good job so it's not it's not an ideal
system you know capitalism is a a brutal
system and competition is brutal and
evolution is brutal but it does get you
to a better place in in the the met you
know in the larger picture not in the
micro
picture anyway so yeah Randy wearden
she's really mad about that Department
of Education which some say is just
another another tool of the Democrats
and not really something that was
helping anybody get a better education
that's what the critics would say well
let's talk about climate change uh
Anthony watts of Watts up with that is
writing about a New York Post story so
New York Post wrote a story about the
sea level changes around our big cities
so apparently the sea level is
relatively higher in uh let's see New
York City and San Francisco and Los
Angeles and other cities and it's based
on two
things one the sea level seems to be
getting higher but it's also because
there's what's the word they use uh
subsidence
subsidence subsidence SB SI d n c how
would you pronounce that
subsidence and what it means is that um
if you put a big city next to the uh
water there's a real good chance that um
it will just start sinking over time now
part of it is because of uh excessive
groundwater extraction so as the ground
water is reduced under the city there's
just less there holding it up so it
sinks some of it is infrastructure
issues I don't know what that means uh
sediment compaction and tectonic shifts
but climate is not part of that
story so with or without climate change
a city that's just happens to be a
city could naturally sink and we know
exactly why and not because of climate
change but the story got sort of
conflated with the climate change
predictions to make it look like sure
enough climate change predicted exactly
this but there's no evidence of that
climate change did anything and indeed
the change in uh sea level seems to be
completely consistent with the last 100
years and not showing any signs that any
kind of human activity in terms of
climate change specifically had anything
to do with
anything so uh here's what I like to say
after a story like
that wait until Democrats find out about
climate
models because at this point there's
very little holding the entire Democrat
Party
together but still one of them is
climate
change once they realize that the
climate models are completely ridiculous
 and always have been and
couldn't possibly have ever told you the
future um what do they have left I mean
there's not much
left James comr said the other day that
they're doing some investigation into
act blue so act blue was the big
organization that allegedly gets small
donations from people and packages them
up for for Democrats now that would be
completely legal if that's all they were
doing but comr and others and Doge have
seemed to uh discovered that act blue
might be involved in something far more
nefarious
comr goes so far as to say that the that
the investigation that he's putting on
into act blue will destroy the entire
Democrat
Party now that sounds like
hyperbole it's hard for me to believe it
would destroy the whole Democratic party
but he might know more than you
know he might know a little bit more
about how deep this act blue thing goes
because if it touches a lot of the
leaders and the
leaders let's say it could be
demonstrated that the leaders knew
exactly what was going on that actually
could destroy the entire Democratic
party so I feel like I would bet against
it um no matter what happens to act blue
I feel like you know the Democrats are
probably said no we didn't know anything
about it NOP NOP surprise you can't
prove we knew anything about it and you
know maybe it will go away but it could
be such an important funding
source that they might have a a money
problem and maybe the money problem
would be enough to to give them a big
problem we'll
see anyway Trump has ordered an attack
on the
hoodies now if you're not keeping up
with this the hoodies are a group in
Yemen and they're right there by the Red
Sea and if you can't do shipping in the
Red Sea area you're going to have to go
all the way around the horn of Africa
which is really expensive your insurance
rates for your shipping will go through
the roof and apparently American
shipping has been targeted uh it looks
like some other countries perhaps have
not been targeted and we don't know if
that's because they're allies of Iran
that backs the hoodies or is it possible
that they're paying bribes because I
learned today that t hoodis are
blackmailing some of the shippers so I'm
guessing the American Americans are not
paying the
bribe and maybe maybe some other
countries are saying you know what we
we'll just pay the bribe because it's a
lot cheaper than being
attacked so I don't know how that works
but
um remember I always tell you that the
only thing that you can rely on that's
real is that which
predicts those things which predict the
future accurately probably are telling
you that there's something real if
something's an idea but it doesn't
predict probably wasn't real so one of
the things that's interesting here is
that Thomas Massie had made the
following
prediction he and he said it
publicly he said that uh I recently said
to watch for a new military engagement
to compensate for the pullback in
Ukraine oh this is good this is a very
specific prediction the military
industrial complex demands about 50
billion a year from our government above
and beyond what's necessary to defend
our
country so um immediately after we got
out of
Afghanistan oh look we better pay a lot
of money in
Ukraine and as we're winding down
Ukraine oh look uh coincidentally
there's a brand new military conflict
with the hoodies now we've bombed them
before or attacked them before but not
as
scale
so um I'm going to give Thomas Massie
the win for the correct prediction right
on schedule another major military
action now does that mean that we
shouldn't do it no that's a separate
question but it also seems again to
support massie's prediction that there's
always a
reason right there's always a reason the
reason may not be one you agree with but
we always have a reason some kind of
Reason oh we better stop Russia there uh
or it'll get worse we better be you know
have a big and we better do a lot in
Afghanistan because that's where the
terrorist training camps are their
reasons they're not crazy reasons and
attacking the hoodies well it's a really
good reason it's a really good
reason but um then Thomas Massie went
further he went to
grock and he said uh expressed expressed
in billions of dollars list the five
countries and five corporations that
will benefit the most from the US
military activity to eliminate shipping
disruptions caused by the hoodies in the
Red Sea and according to Gro the
countries that would benefit the most
are China Saudi Germany Japan South
Korea and the US is not in the top five
and then of the corporations none of the
corporations are American the top five
so this would suggest that America is
just sort of creating another reason to
spend another $50 billion because the
old reason is is decaying the Ukraine
war and they just need a new
military-industrial complex War to keep
selling
weapons now that's a pretty good
prediction so I take it very
seriously on the other hand I went to
perplex the AI and I asked the following
question so sort of an AI battle here I
said perplexity AI um what would be the
change
in um inflation rates in the United
States if the hoodie thing is not
resolved and according to perplexity our
current inflation rate is around 3
perish and that if things went the way
they're going in the next year the cost
of shipping not just to the US but to
other places that you know might end up
as us products at some point that our
inflation rate from that alone could go
from 3% to 5% in a
year because the shipping cost would
just be
outrageous now do you believe that do
you believe that perplexity AI is a good
source do you believe that when it says
our inflation would go from 3 to 5%
which would be devastating by the way
that would be a devastating
economic um
problem um that's not just a little
little percentage going from 3 to 5%
that's pain that's some serious pain so
and that it would be by next year which
is pretty
close
so here's my take I don't think you can
trust the
perplexity um estimate but I also don't
trust Gro
estimate because I don't think that it's
it's understanding that some of those
countries like China I don't believe
China is being attacked by the
hoodies and I'm not sure that grock knew
that and I think that China is not being
attacked by the hoodies because they
have a better relationship with Iran and
Iran is running the
hoodies so I don't trust grock on this
question and I don't trust perplexity on
this question but the thing we know for
sure is it's really really making our uh
shipping prices go up it's creating
delays long
delays and it's creating
uncertainty
and um so I am in favor of the attacks
but I'm not in favor of the attacks if
they have a you know sort of a pin prick
hey if we'll stop doing this or we'll
come back we almost have to completely
destroy every technological capability
they have uh back to the point where you
just severely destroyed that part of the
country if you don't go that far I think
we can say for sure it won't make any
difference they'll just reconstitute and
get new weapons from Iran and as long as
there's anybody alive Iran will say are
you still alive yes I am would you like
something to do and maybe you'll make
some money too uh I don't have any other
options okay here's some missiles and
some drones just send these at American
shipping you almost have to get to the
point where there's nobody left now I'm
not in favor of
genocide but how else is it going to
stop and and do we have a
legitimate self-defense I think it's
legitimate
and unfortunately it's a part of the
world where if anybody's left they'll
keep fighting it it's not like
traditional enemies of our past where if
you give them a really serious black eye
they'll say okay I don't want to do that
again so you know let's work something
out it will never be like that it will
never be like that if there's anybody
left that one person will be firing a
missile so I don't want to say that I'm
in favor of just wiping out the entire
civilization but what's the other way
that
works can anybody can you give me a
better idea because here's what we can't
do we can't surrender in the in the Red
Sea we can't
surrender so I get I think that they get
to choose whatever outcome they want and
the outcome that they seem to have
chosen is complete destruction of their
own civilization
I feel like it's just their own choice
and I feel like if they need some
compassion they should talk to AI
because I don't have
any and if they if they want to kill all
of their
children by screwing with shipping to
the point where it just makes sense for
the the uh people who don't want to be
killed to kill all of their
children I'm not in favor of it
but I'm not the one choosing
it I'm not choosing it that that is
their own choice and if Trump wants to
deliver to them exactly what they've
chosen I'm not going to complain too
much all
right meanwhile uh Trump has ordered the
uh shutdown of something called the
global media USA GM Global media now
that was the entity that oversaw The
Voice of America Radio free Europe Radio
Liberty so these are all the uh media
broadcasting things that we would
broadcast
propaganda uh but it was left-wing
propaganda from the United States it was
sort of anti-conservative so if we had a
conservative Allied country we were even
working against our own
allies because because they might have
been more concerned conservative and the
radio was propaganda that was more left
leaning now Carrie Lake had been put in
charge of um I'm a little unclear if she
was in charge of Voice of America or the
entire uh agency they had some other
entities but um she did a video today by
the way if um if she's in charge of the
entire thing um she'll we we'll figure
that out by the end of the
show um she's doing a great job job
because the whole idea was you know get
in there and find out if any of this
makes sense to keep alive and it looks
like she has decided that uh at least to
a large extent it doesn't need to exist
and she she did a video today about a
brand new really expensive looking
building that was built for this entity
that's
empty um and I guess the plan was to
move you know from the existing building
to this building
but as she points out this new building
um it's empty and it would they would
spend a quar of a billion dollars uh per
year on an empty
building and they could have just fixed
up the building they were in and now I
think that option is going to go away
and there won't be anybody to be in any
building because it just wasn't a good
enough reason so yes it does look like
this was yet another situation in which
there was enough oversight and probably
a lot of money got pushed to cronies and
friends and well-connected people to
build a building that didn't need to be
built and maybe maybe it wouldn't have
made sense if we'd all known what was
going on so good job Carrie
Lake um Mike Ben is uh he's he's having
the time of his life I think watching
Doge uncover all the things that he's
been warning this about but we didn't
quite understand you know we we couldn't
kind of conceive of the larger picture
because it's just so large and you
really have to wallow in it to get any
sense of what's really going on but
here's a little sample from Mye
Benz uh apparently uh
usaid gave George soros's open Society
Foundation $5
million for its NGS so Soros had some
NGS in a in a little country called
Macedonia that has fewer than two
million people in it and the money was
go going to create uh to train citizens
with a little book a
booklet uh that would uh train them to
protest using Saul olinsky's Rules for
Radicals you know what that is right so
American activist Saul
Alinsky uh had his own book uh Rules for
Radicals and it teach you to do things
like oh I don't know organize protests
against Tesla sound familiar and mock
people and call them Communists sound
familiar or or call them Nazis sound
familiar so apparently we were spending
our money to train people in Macedonia
to use solinsky's Rules for
Radicals that's right we gave money to a
billionaire to teach Teach an Eastern
European country how to do a rent a riot
rent a riot which is exactly what you're
seeing happening with the Tesla protest
it's just a rental
RI bye cernovich had a interesting
observation today on X he said uh
remember when the quote smart people who
write about politics for living were
saying the January 6 pardons were a huge
deal and really would hurt Trump
uh LMFAO he says remember when those PE
remember that those people are
losers they don't leave their bubbles
they are always wrong keep
pushing that's a really good observation
um I have to I have to admit that when
the January 6 pardons happened which I
was fully in favor of and fully in favor
of pardoning everybody didn't didn't
care what they did so I'm all in on that
completely
but I did
worry that maybe it would create a
weakness that would be exploited by the
left to say there you see those pardons
but it's been weirdly
quiet and I think it's because partly
because so many things are happening so
quickly that the Democrats could never
really aim at anything if it had been
the only thing that happened and there
had never been a doge it probably would
have been a target maybe it would have
made more difference politically but now
it just seems like it was 10 years ago
you know we're all on Trump time you
know every Trump year is seven years and
I'm thinking to myself like who would
care about the January 6 pardons wasn't
that at least seven years
ago almost can't remember them and and
it became so small uh looking in the
hindsight um but also here's what I
wonder and maybe maybe this is something
the Trump Administration needs to look
into but I don't know how they could
because this would be totally a States
issue who gets to control the history
books about January
6 in other words will the children of uh
let's say a year from now or two years
from now are they going to learn that
there wasn't an attempt to overthrow the
country by Republicans on January 6th is
that what the is that what the history
books will say because it's not true or
will they say that the
protesters uh were trying to save the
country from what they thought was an
obvious Insurrection by the left and
they were trying to make sure that the
election had not been rigged because it
certainly looked like it
had or will the history book say well
there are two points of view on this
some people say this some people people
say that I don't remember history books
ever doing that do you remember any
history that you've ever read where the
history was well you know some
interpreted it this way some interpreted
it that way no they just sort of told
you what happened and then you got
tested on it so what are they going to
tell your children what happened and
does the federal government have any way
to control that or should they maybe the
federal government should stay out of it
but the state government gets to buy the
uh the textbooks right so the market
will decide and so if the state
government in blue States decides oh
we'll buy these textbooks to say
Republicans are the devil then they
will and if Texas and Florida say get
those textbooks out of here because
we're not going to sell propaganda to
our
children well then that's what'll happen
in those States
so I feel like we're at the verge of
having two different histories a blue
State history and a red State history
and I don't know does the federal
government have anything to say about
that should they I don't know I don't
have I don't have an answer for this one
it's just it's a big problem if we can
watch History being written incorrectly
right in front of us and I think that's
going to
happen meanwhile in Mexico a truly scary
thing happened so Mexican authorities
found some kind of uh fairly
huge crematorium for getting rid of
people now I can't tell if it was for
cremating people who were already dead
or the worst thing that maybe that's how
they killed those people but apparently
they just found hundreds of you know
shoes and clothing meaning that there
were hundreds of people in involved and
there're human bones and obviously was a
cartel operation uh in the western state
of
alisco uh and it might be the I'm I'm
pronouncing the J as an H halisco
cartel I don't know maybe that's right
um but here's the big picture apparently
there are
12,000 what are called forcibly
disappeared people in
Mexico a
120,000 now this is over multiple years
of course but there are 122
120,000 people who presumably were
rounded up by
cartels and just
disappeared well for that volume you
would have to have some way to get rid
of a lot of
bodies and horribly this might be how
they did
it incredible
anyway you heard about the activist
judge and Obama appointee of course um
who said that uh Trump can't use the
1798 alien enemies act to get rid of the
Venezuelan gangs so apparently there was
some kind of old uh law on the books
that Trump was using to say all right uh
you can Deport all these gang members
and some of them were already on planes
and this judge said nope uh you got to
take at least a 14-day pause so it's a
pause I guess they got 14 days to work
it out
and even to the point of telling the
airplanes to turn around if they were in
the
air now I'm getting just exhausted in
talking about all the bad judges and the
lawfare and how they're trying to stop
Trump and every single thing he does
because they all sound the same Trump
tried to do something that's common
sense and good for the
country a an Obama or Biden appointed
judge stopped him for reasons that sound
ridiculous but eventually a a higher
Court overturned that stupid judge and
then we're back in business but here's a
new challenge from a new obama-appointed
judge and a new problem and then you
just rins it repeat rinse and repeat so
they all started sounding the same after
after a while but a uh related wrinkle
is that uh Marco Rubio is reporting he
said uh we we have sent two dangerous
top MS13 leaders plus 21 of its Most
Wanted back to face Justice in El
Salvador and so we've got a deal worked
out with El
Salvador um where uh we sent 250 members
of this trenda araga gang to El Salvador
which has agreed to hold them in the El
Salvador jails at a fair price so we're
saving
money and uh getting them held in a
secure facility with a friendly
country and
uh um and secretary Rubio says that
President uh Bui of El Salvador is not
only the strongest secure leader in our
region uh he's also a great friend of
the US thank you now I got to say this
bu Kelly guy he does some amazingly
smart
things and one of the amazingly smart
things is this simply offering to use
their existing
facilities to handle some of the worst
people and we didn't I don't think we
asked him I think he volunteered it
which is such a strong move it would be
one thing if we you know tried to lean
on them a little bit and said well you
know we're like your big brother so
maybe you should do us a solid all right
if I have to that's so different then we
don't know we've got this problem we
don't know how to solve it and then he
raises his hand and says I have a
solution I can save you some money and
take care of this
completely and then he
does that is so ball
so so baller and the fact that uh Rubio
says he's the strongest security leader
in our region did that include the
United
States did he just say that El
Salvador's you know better in security
than the United
States because I wouldn't
disagree um you know we're trying to
catch up but that's a hell of a
thing anyway uh according to Ted to no
Todd Todd Lions who's the acting
director of ice apparently Biden was
cooking the books on his ice arrest oh
big surprise how many people didn't know
that that Biden was lying about the
numbers of course he was but one
specific way he was lying is that they
were uh categorizing people that they
processed and then released into the
interior of the United States as is AR
does it count as an ice arrest if all
you do is release them into the United
States to me that would be called ice
not doing his job or ice not arresting
them but if they were technically
arrested and then they were processed
and then released without any penalty
into the United
States I'm not sure I would call that as
an ice
arrest but Biden did look at all those
arrests we're
doing anyway uh Mario and naal was
reminding us of this
story um then do you remember that uh
the one of the smartest people for the
Democrats one of their one of their
Geniuses called James Carville who's uh
even smarter than Bill Burr barely um no
I'm joking uh carville's actually pretty
smart but he did realize that the democ
RS have no skill and no leadership and
no plan so he came up with the genius
idea of doing nothing uh we're going to
call it the playing posum strategy well
I here's what you should do uh since we
don't have anybody who can do anything
useful and we don't have any leaders we
don't have anybody with Charisma uh we
don't have anybody who's got good
policies and we don't have anybody who's
not a complete loser so what we're going
to do is we're going to play dead in
about 30 days
the media will pick apart whatever Trump
is doing so his popularity will plunge
so just do nothing because the more you
do something the stupider we look so
stop doing something every time you do
something you look stupid Jasmine
Crockett Maxine Waters
Schumer he had a
point the the the people that the
Democrats were putting out front not
really really the best look not really
the best look so in sort of a you know
I've given up all hope he decided that
if they just did nothing that might be
their best
play so let's check in on that it's been
about 30 days and uh rasmason just did a
poll and found out uh
oh uh his his approval is
52% the same
as I think he's at a high point
so Trump's success according to rasmus's
at High Point uh now if any of you are
polling
nerds uh if you've ever heard how the
the left talks about the Rasmus and pole
do you know what they say about
him so the rasmon pole is often uh let's
say a different result than the bulk of
the other poles that lean left so the
ones that LE left say oh the rasmon pole
come on you you can't take them
seriously because they're right leaning
you know as if the others are not left
leing so you can't take them seriously
because they have this you know pro-
Republican bias and by the way we have
questions about their
methodology now since you and I are not
pollsters we don't really know what that
means like what's wrong with their
methodology why is your methodology
right and there's a wrong but here's
what they leave out rasmason
consistently does better whenever you
could
check so one of the ways that you could
check well let me give you an example of
something you can't check if if you are
six months away from an
election and rasmuson says the
Republicans are doing well uh but all
the left polls say well not that well
you know the Republicans are actually a
little underwater you can't really check
because the only thing you'd have to
check are other polls so you don't have
a
result you just have something that is
pollers
disagree the only time you can really
know if the posters are are good or bad
is on Election Day so if you were to
check the election day presidential
results of
rasmason versus all the other pollsters
where do you think rasmason would be
right near the top
so whenever you can
check okay now we know for sure because
we have the actual
vote
rasmuson I think they got the last three
um one of the best for the last three so
whenever you see that complaint just
remind yourself whenever you can't check
they'll say oh you can't trust them
they've got bias they've got this
methodology that we criticize whenever
you can know who was right there they
are and they're they're they're
reminding people of that fact this week
so it's kind of fun to
watch anyway uh but how are the
Democrats doing
apparently apparently there's new survey
uh that the Democrat favorability is at
a new record low of
29% so uh you know how the uh
the the midterm
elections pretty much always
historically have gone uh against
whoever the incumbent president is so if
the president's Republican you can
largely depend historically speaking
that the midterm elections would put
more Democrats in charge and they would
have some control of at least one part
of
Congress this might be the first time
that doesn't happen because that is such
a bad branding for the Democrats it
would be hard to imagine that they could
somehow you know keep the historical
norm and and uh you know gain power
compared to the president when I feel
like doge is going to keep getting more
popular the more corruption they find so
we'll
see
um meanwhile over in Israel their
defense Minister says that they're only
a year away from deploying what they
call the iron beam it's this giant laser
air defense system it's supposed to be
operational by the end of this year
actually so less than a year and here's
what that means in terms of cost so the
existing Iron Dome systems fire
basically a missile to stop another
missile or to stop a
drone um but every time you fire a
missile it's really expensive so might
be like A40 to
$50,000 every time the Iron Dome sends
up an intercept
$50,000 for every intercept and there
would be a lot of them so it gets really
expensive really quickly but let's
compare that to what it would cost to
per shot for this new radar system
closer to
$3
$3 compared to 40 to 50,000
$3 per shot so they could spend
$3 to knock down the
enemy's far more expensive
missile now apparently it's not perfect
if the weather is a certain way it's not
going to work as well uh so we'll see
about that you know maybe they need both
because if the weather is bad they need
a different system maybe the lasers are
strong enough or will improve enough
that they can just zip right through the
fog and you know burn the fog out of the
way before it hits the target
maybe um but if this thing works uh I'd
like to order a hundred of
them I don't know what the base units
cost so it's probably pretty expensive
to you know get the the base unit but
once you've got that $3 per
shot that's
amazing um you should read my book uh
God's be the complete works because the
middle book of the of the trilogy if you
can call it that is about a future in
which this sort of uh missile defense
was already uh implemented but in the
book uh there were some of them were
implemented on um C
platforms because you want to stop the
missile well before it reaches your you
know your Shores so you'd put the
platform you know well off the uh Coast
so it could get them as early as
possible before they reach the
coast um and then well I won't tell you
it's a it's a great book you should read
it it's called God's debris the complete
works just check out the uh check out
the ratings and the reviews
online uh you're going to see some
reviews that are just blow your mind
some of the best reviews for a book
you'll ever see
meanwhile uh according to
Reuters uh let's talk about Ukraine um
mcon of France say declared that uh
Russia has no say in whether NATO troops
enter
Ukraine uh because Russia wants to have
no no kind of European peacekeepers in
Ukraine uh but Britain and France are
thinking about putting some there and
mrcon wants to know that it's just up to
Ukraine if Ukraine wants some European
peacekeepers that's up to
Ukraine to which I say
um what would Trump's plan be for
keeping Ukraine safe is it only the
mineral deals like if if we have enough
economic
entanglements Russia won't
attack or does it trust that um Russia
won't attack as long as Trump's office
and maybe that could extend to
hypothetically a JD Vance
Administration is that the only thing
we'd be depending on the the personal
connection would it
be um what would it be now other when I
I said something like this online and
somebody said uh why do you why do you
think it's the the United States
obligation to protect Ukraine and I said
I didn't say that where did I say It's
Our obligation to protect Ukraine I've
never said that what I do think is if
you want a durable peace deal it should
make sense to the people involved and
it's definitely in the United States
benefit to end a war and get out of that
region and just say all right we're done
and we ended a war and uh we're not in
favor of
Wars that's good
uh especially if it prevents some future
Democrat from spending another hundred
billion dollars right back in
Ukraine so we do have an interest in
unwinding our
entanglement and that might re you know
that's going to depend on both sides
thinking that the deal makes sense so
what would be Trump's response to well
if uh if Ukraine wants these
peacekeepers of course that would
prevent any kind of a peace deal um but
what would Trump
do I think he needs to make a better
case for why why Ukraine would be
safe um because I think that's missing
now I think he could do it I I think
there's room there to do it but I'd like
to hear it I'd like to hear a little
more you know what what would Ukraine do
to protect themselves now some of it
might be will will send
Ukraine more drones I don't know does
that would that count as a the same
thing as boots on the ground I don't
know but I'd love to know if Trump has a
more Innovative you know out of the box
concept for this because he might I I
suspect he has he has an answer but
maybe it's just not revealed to us in
full so we'll see
um apparently there's a bill being
introduced Now by US Representative a
republican uh riy Moore West Virginia
and it's a bill to ban Chinese Nationals
from getting student Visas so they're
about
300,000 Chinese residents not residents
Chinese Nationals so they're they're
they're not American citizens they're
Chinese and they come to the United
States for student Vas
now my understanding is that the reason
that our universities like to have
foreign students is that they pay full
price and the so it basically subsidizes
the college and the American students
often have scholarships and stuff like
that so they just make more money on the
foreign students but uh I'm in favor of
this I would have tied it to fentel
though um you've heard me say it before
that we should just send home a handful
of Chinese students for every day that
there's a fenal
death um so I would tie it to fenel but
I like where he's coming
from meanwhile Gateway pundit is
reporting uh that Trump revoked the
security clearances for yet another Law
Firm the Paul Weiss law
firm and um suffice to say that this Law
Firm has done a number of things that
seemed uh politically biased and or
inappropriate to
Republicans and one of them was uh I'll
just give you one
example um back in 2021 one of the
partners in that law firm uh did a pro
bono lawsuit against
Patriots on the January 6th day so it
was somebody who didn't even charge
money
to put together lawsuits against the
protesters on January 6 now I assume it
was the protesters who maybe did some
violence or something but but that would
be you know part of the complaint is
that they were politically biased now I
don't know too much about the law firm
so I don't have an opinion about whether
they should be um they should be uh what
I guess the action would uh cut him off
from any kind of government contracts or
and also gets rid of their security
clearance uh so it would be a pretty big
deal but here here's my take on
this do you remember the time when Trump
couldn't get uh good lawyers to defend
him against massive waves of lawfare and
it was because the lawyers were afraid
that if they got
political meaning just defending Trump
that it would cost them later the law
firm would suffer and you know they
wouldn't be able to get regular clients
except for that and that was a big
problem and I thought to myself that's
one of the worst things I've ever seen
that you create law fair for a candidate
that's already as bad as you can get and
then and then you make it impossible for
that that person to get good
representation now I think Trump
ultimately got great representation
because he did navigate the lawfare
stuff really well so I'm no
lawyer but just judging it from you know
a lay person's perspective it feels to
me that the the legal team that Trump
eventually put together you while he was
out of office I think they were great
does anybody have a disagreement with
that be the fact was that what they
needed to do was stall and minimize the
damage and you know and and play for him
to get reelected basically so that the
rest of it could go away
so I feel like they did a great job now
I don't know if this will hurt them in
the future if they you know can't get
regular jobs again but the fact that
there was ever that much pressure on
lawyers who were going to help
Trump I I can't feel any sympathy for
him getting
revenge now I'm sure they don't call it
Revenge
they call it something like getting rid
of bias in the legal process or
something like that but I don't think it
would happen if they hadn't gone after
Trump
so there is a
price yeah the yeah the the lawyers that
help Trump are probably red listed
that's probably true so as long as
that's true mutually assur Destruction
has been
activated and I can't say that
I can't say that I'm opposed to it I
hate that we're in this situation so I
hate that lawyers had pressure not to
help Trump and I also hate that there's
pressure against anybody for what they
did politically so I can hate both of it
but it does look like mutually sure
Destruction has kicked in and I don't
hate that I don't hate that because
sometimes it's just the only thing you
can do so I don't know that that can get
us to a good place where people can just
be lawyers and there's no
lawfare but as long as there's law fair
and there's red listing of people who
help
Republicans then I think Republicans
have a free pass to destroy every Law
Firm that they can
destroy they had some hand in it I hate
it I hate the whole thing I hate it from
top to bottom but sometimes you know
sometimes you got to pull a
tooth
anyway according to
neoscope and writer Nel
s um that over in Great Britain they've
come up with a mRNA technology stop it
listen uh that has proven effective well
no Take that part away uh they've
created a vaccine for for
cancer using the MRNA
platform now um apparently they're
getting some kind of good indications
that it works I don't have any I don't
have information that says it cured
anything but it must be curing something
because they're pretty happy with it and
they're they're taking it wider now
apparently what it does is you have to
take a uh biopsy and you have to adjust
the what they call a vaccination why do
they call it a vaccination it doesn't
vaccinate because you've already got the
cancer by the time you take it I don't
know so I guess that word vaccination is
getting kind of overused but uh they'll
take the
specific cancer from a specific person
so it's not even just the type of cancer
it's got to be specific to the person
and uh then they design their quote
vaccination uh around that specific one
and they they think it's going to have
great promise now I'd love to hear was
there anybody who had an incurable
cancer that's already been cured or did
it just slow it down a little bit or did
it only work on cancers that maybe there
was some other treatment too but they
think this would be maybe gentler I
don't know so I have many many questions
but um it sounds promising now if you're
going to say to me but Scott if they if
they get the MRNA it's going to cause
other problems with them I don't think
the people who are dying of cancer are
worried too much about that um so that
that certainly changes it's not like
we're it's not like Co where you could
say to yourself all right Co barely
killed anybody so you don't want to take
a chance on the
treatment but if the cancer is going to
kill everybody let's say it's the the
kind with there's no treatment then I
don't know certainly the risk profile
changes completely right what are your
other options is there a second way to
cure an incurable cancer if this cures
any incurable cancer and again they
don't say that but they're sort of
leaning in that direction if it cures
any incurable cancer I think the last
thing the patients going to be worrying
about is that they got some I don't know
mRNA Badness in their body whatever that
is so we'll see good luck with
that sooner the better all right ladies
and
gentlemen that's what I got for you
today it's a fun Sunday the news is all
kind of interesting uh but I think
things are work are heading in the right
direction things are heading in the
right direction so thanks for joining
I'm going to say a few words privately
to the people on locals the rest of you
on X and Rumble and YouTube thanks for
joining we'll see you tomorrow same time
same place YouTube I'm sorry locals
coming at
you
e
e e