bum bum bum bum bum bum bum come on in
here everybody we're gonna try this
again with better sound
with any luck whatsoever I'll remind you
they're complaining about the sound
non-stop
will and end the periscope it's not
because I think you're not telling me
the truth although in some cases the
trolls are just trying to derail things
it's not that it's just that I don't
want to do the periscope if everybody's
just complaining it doesn't matter that
you're right or wrong I just don't enjoy
the experience so I bill them
let's try it again with better sound and
we should do the simultaneous up again I
know you're not prepared but if you've
got a beverage let's do this right now
go and now you're complete all right
let's let's start with the overstock CEO
is it Patrick Byrne and the question
you're all wondering is is the
overstocks ex CEO he just quit is Byrne
crazy is he lying and you're probably
wondering what's going on because his
story is quite incredible the basic
story is that he says members of the FBI
who he names including Comey and struck
asked him to do some counterintelligence
some you know so spying if you will on
Hillary Trump Marco Rubio and Cruz but
mostly Trump now is it true because it'd
be an amazing changes everything kind of
a story if it is here's what I feel I
can say with confidence
I've watched several of his interviews
with confidence I tell you he believes
it's true
so maybe you were already there but let
me say that there isn't the slightest
chance that in his mind he's lying
because the way he talks about it is the
way you don't talk when you're lying
I'll give you a couple of tells now as
far as I know these tools are not
scientific these are these are me
talking so take this with whatever
credibility or lack thereof you want to
put on it one of the questions that
Chris Cuomo asked him asked a burn was
are you going to be able to prove this
allegation you just talk about something
in particular and burn instead of saying
what a liar would say which is um I
couldn't but my dog ate the documents or
yeah yeah I'll get around to that
he looked he looks at Cuomo and I'm
paraphrasing but he says basically I'm
not in the business that convincing you
I'm just opening the door I'm telling
you what I tell you what I know that's
all I'm doing I'm not in the business of
trying to convince you of anything and I
thought that was a really powerful
answer because if he believes his story
is giving enough information by far so
that other people could investigate it
and find out if it's true or not he's
actually saying I was in a room with
other people here are some of the people
go check for yourself so yeah he named
Warren Buffett for example the Warren
Buffett part could be true without the
rest of it being true meaning that it
could be true he talked to Warren
Buffett and it could be true that Warren
Buffett said well if that's your story
you should go to the go to the
authorities which is what I imagine
anybody smart would say when they heard
that story but that doesn't mean the
rest of it's true so definitely he's
telling the truth the way he talks about
it the fact that he mentioned names of
number of people who would suggest there
were lots of witnesses there would tell
the opposite story
even Maria boo Tina presumably would
have the ability to verify or not verify
a story so Liars don't tell stories that
have that many witnesses unless they
believe it's true now this leaves open
the possibility that he's not connected
to reality so it definitely leaves the
possibility that he believes it's true
but he's got a some kind of mental issue
in order to get some penetrating insight
into that we would need to know the
following things has he ever been
accused of hallucinating facts before
because if nobody comes forward in the
next two days to say you know this isn't
the first time he imagines something
that wasn't true if you hear that and
maybe hear from more than one source
then yeah I think you got to say that
it's a little more likely that there's
something going on with him and maybe
the story is not true even if he
believes it to be true but if 48 hours
go by and that's sort of arbitrary you
know a few days go by and nobody comes
forward to say you know on other topics
he has been just as crazy then I would
say the odds strongly favor it being an
accurate version of why he believes to
be true and may largely be true but wait
for that so that's the key thing wait
for other people to talk about other
topics that he may or may not be having
a break with a reality the other thing
is I won't tell you where I first heard
this but let's say there's some
questions as to whether Maria boo Tina
is 30 years old or is she the age that
her pictures without makeup would
suggest on the Internet
she doesn't look 30 years old to me I
would guess mid 40s
so another test would be
hey Patrick how old is Maria Bettina
let's see if he can get that one right
all right but I really wanted to talk
about the president's tweets on China
I'm gonna read them they're very long
but I really need to read the whole
thing because I'm having kind of a
moment with this maybe you'll have the
same if you've already seen it you know
what's what's gonna come but if you
haven't this is really big news so
president tweets just a little bit ago
you said our country has lost the
stupidly trillions of dollars with China
over many years they have stolen our
intellectual property and a rate of
hundreds of billions of dollars a year
and they want to continue I won't let
that happen
we don't need China and frankly would be
far better off without them the vast
amounts of money made and stolen by
China from the United States a year
after year for decades will and must
stop our great American companies are
hereby ordered our great American
companies are hereby ordered our great
American companies are hereby ordered to
immediately start looking for an
alternative to China including bringing
your companies home and making your
products in the USA I will be responding
to China's tariffs this afternoon this
is a great opportunity for the United
States it is also here's my favorite
part I am ordering all carriers
including FedEx Amazon UPS and post
office to search for and refuse search
for and refuse all delivered deliveries
of fentanyl from China or anywhere else
fentanyl kills a hundred thousand
Americans a year President Xi said this
would stop it didn't
our economy because of our gains the
last two enough years is much larger
than that of China we will keep it that
way this is the answer to the question
why I support this president a lot of
people say to me Scott this president
said something that I'm offended by yeah
he did that people say to me this
president said some things that maybe
you think is funny but other people are
pretty upset about yeah that's true
Scott this president may not be paying
attention to some of the smaller issues
yeah that's true
this president may have made this
mistake in that mistake in this mistake
in that mistake this President may have
said 11,000 factually inaccurate things
maybe so but man he gets the big stuff
right and that's what I thought I
thought he gets the big stuff right I
thought he'd do well with the economy I
thought he'd do well with international
relations at least the you know the
dangerous ones like North Korea yes and
I thought he would do well on soft stuff
like this dealing with China
what other president would have said
what this president said he just called
President Xi a liar in public just said
they're murdering our people just shut
down their mail their mail stuff to the
United States and just told the citizens
of the United States to get behind him I
don't know what it means when he says
he's ordering US countries to look at
moving their production here I don't
know that that has a real meaning in
terms of ordering as in the authority to
do it
maybe I know maybe in some ways he does
but I don't care he's speaking to the
country as commander-in-chief
it looks like he's speaking to you as
you know negotiator in chief and
certainly that's part of it but this is
commander in chief the hundred thousand
Americans a year that are killed by
fentanyl that may be an exaggeration but
it's heading in that direction that's
that's a security problem that's a
military problem that's a homeland
protection problem this tweet it's about
trade but it's not about trade
this is commander in chief commander in
chief just told the country to mobilize
just like world war ii in this case
mobilizing to pull our resources away
from a dangerous murderous murderous and
on let's say unreliable country he's
asking the country to mobilize well that
will the country listen to their
commander in chief will they understand
that this is not an economic request
this is a commander in chief request
requests
I know he says he's ordering it when the
commander in chief tells you to pull
your companies back to the United States
do you say well this doesn't apply to me
because this is just economics and you
know I have the freedom to do this well
you maybe you could maybe you could as
an American company just say well I
choose not to take this guidance from
the president but if you choose not to
take the guidance you're taking it as an
economic suggestion it's not
this is commander in chief if you get
that wrong
you really missing the story your
commander in chief just told you if you
want to avoid a hundred thousand people
getting killed by our nemesis China pull
your companies back pull them all back
because I'll tell you when China
promised to take care of the fentanyl
situation and you know I take this
personally because my stepson died less
than a year ago from drug overdose and
fentanyl was in this system you know I
take this personally but that's a
military problem if they say they're
gonna deal with it and they do well
that's an you know dealing with another
country productively but if they say
they're gonna do it and they don't it
becomes a military problem and and the
president is dealing with this and what
I consider a military framework he just
told American companies to come home if
they don't you know that and some of
them will have different risk profiles
you know not everybody can do it and it
might be hard might take a long time
it's gonna be tough but anybody who can
do it I feel as a patriotic
responsibility to do it at this point
anybody you can bring their companies
home or move their move their suppliers
to another country needs to be looking
at that pretty hard right now so let me
say it again everything you want to say
about this president this negatives may
be true maybe he's offended some of you
maybe we wish he had spoken differently
maybe we wish that the country was not
divided by not only his rhetoric but the
way it's treated in the news you need
both of them to get a get a problem
maybe all of that's true maybe maybe
he's departed from the fact-checking way
more times than you think you think is
healthy maybe that's true but people
were supported this president from the
start
supported him for this reason this
reason not just being China this reason
meaning big that he can do the big stuff
that he can think big he can get you a
space force he can pull production at
China I mean just think about that who
else would even talk about that who
would even say that out loud
nobody nobody would say something
this big out loud except him he's the
only one who else would talk to Kim
jong-un nobody who else would say yeah I
can deal with Putin you know we just
have to get what we want at the same
time he's sanctioning the piss out of
them
Trump all right so I'm gonna use this as
my answer to the question for all of you
said you know why would you why would
you be supportive of a president who
makes us so so angry and offended this
is why this is why you're not gonna get
this from the Biden certainly you're not
gonna get this from Biden you nothing
you can ask him to get this from a
Democrat you're not gonna get it from
Bernie and he's the most hard-ass
Democrats about the Chinese you won't
even get this from another Republican
there was one person who could write
this to eat and one person who could you
know cause some action to happen I don't
know how much action will happen but
that's it so I'm completely on board if
this takes our economy down I'm on board
if it makes this stock market the stock
market at fault I'm on board if it
raises my taxes I'm on board
if it makes our deficit bigger I'm on
board
time to do it China had his chance
there's nobody who can say China didn't
have a chance they they need they had
one job had they actually done something
even anything visible on the question of
fentanyl I would say let's keep talking
to them but their refusal to move on
this thing which they could do easily
and there's really just a signal that
you're that you are worthy of being part
of the public conversation they failed
repeatedly and at the cost of tens of
thousands of American lives for what to
negotiate was this part of a trade deal
negotiation you're going to kill 10,000
Americans every few months until we give
you a deal
not an our interest was that the deal
China was that the deal because if it
wasn't the deal you better tell us what
was the deal because that's what looks
like the deal
so if murdering us until we give you a
trade deal was the only deal
you're gonna put it on the table
you China you and your whole
 country you could all die okay
that's a little too strong you can't all
die I don't need a billion people to die
because the Chinese citizens are not the
ones making this mistake but let's say
the government of China let's
pull our stuff back let's let's shut
down their goddamn shipments of
everything let's let's tell the
countries you know the businesses in
this country to try to get their supply
chains in order and then just shut them
down I don't even want to take their
 mail I don't want to see a
package come in that says Made in China
if I see anything made in China
from this day on I'm not buying it
period period I'm not buying another
 thing from China I'm behind the
president 100% shut him down if they had
done anything unfenced no I wouldn't I
wouldn't be talking like this anything
anything at all if they'd said we're
trying I'd say well let's keep
negotiating there they're a credible
partner we can deal with it they're not
they're not credible they are our enemy
we don't need a you know nuclear war
nobody wants war but we should not do
business with murderers who murder us
while looking us in the eye if you can
look us in the eye
China and murder tens of thousands of
our citizens because you think it might
help you get a better trade deal
you your products your economy
 your fentanyl the whole leadership
of China can just go die alright you're
out you're dead to us now no more
Chinese products
that's it period we're done I'm gonna be
checking everything well I think what we
need is some kind of a way to easily
check what's made in China so we can
just avoid that without hurting
American companies so we do need a glide
path so that we're not destroying
American companies you know during the
transition but we need to get out of
China let's just get our stuff out of
there
now I did see an article I didn't read
the whole article but I've skimmed it
but it was the essence of it was that it
would be really hard and maybe even
impossible to move suppliers from China
to some other country he has something
to do with the interconnection of things
and what companies are connected to what
so it's not like you can just pluck one
company and say oh yeah let's move this
company from China to another country
that would be hard but we could do it do
you think there's a product that we
can't build a factory for in Guatemala
do you think Honduras wouldn't like to
see a few factories pretty sure pretty
sure they would so the president hasn't
said this and maybe this isn't the
important part but whatever we can do to
encourage those companies to relocate to
this hemisphere specifically Central
America to absorb some of the some of
the employment so that so that
immigration is less of a problem let's
do it we've got two of the biggest
problems in the world one is China one
is immigration from Central America
let's solve them both what's let's do
what we can to move those move there as
manufacturers to Central America and
help the Central Americans help the
immigrants help our Hemisphere and
China somebody says go smoke a joint and
found Dan Scott well I think you would
all agree that if China killed your son
you might have an attitude about it and
I do
but China is also killing tens of
thousands of other people's sons and
daughters they're doing it intentionally
meaning that they could stop it they
promised to stop it
they didn't you also saw in the last
couple days that the US has gotten tough
on Chinese nationals the actual you know
individual people in China who were
behind the fentanyl we actually know
their names we know the name
we about we know where they live about
we know the name and where they live of
the top fentanyl murderers in China I've
been saying I think we can kill them I
think we can designate them as
terrorists and I think we can kill him
now would that be with that cause of war
no no China is not going to go to war if
we go into their country and kill their
 fentanyl dealers they're not we
could take them out right in front of XI
we could do it in front of them we could
blow with this this guy's brains
out this fentanyl dealer in China was
killing tens of thousands American we
could grab him by the hair hold him in
front of she blow his brains out on
she's carpet and she would not
start a war because he doesn't give a
 about that one guy he doesn't want
a war because he'd be dead
so let's go get him if China doesn't
want to get him that does not clear our
responsibility for protecting this
country let's go kill that guy we could
do that all right I probably broke a few
laws here so I think I'll cut it short
I'll talk to you tomorrow