and here I am so we should do a
podcast let me check the stocks ah okay
enough of that let's get my comments
working here and then we'll go to
town come on
comments you can do
it there we go
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
calleded coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mug or a
glass of tanker Chell Ain a canteen
sugar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the do me the end of the day the
thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and damn it
it happens right now
go
delightful one of the best ever well did
you know that according to Frontiers and
nutrition regular coffee and tea
assumption lowers your risk of
osteoporosis did you notice when you
sipped that your osteoporosis seemed a
little bit better
yeah good
science well Elon Musk has raised almost
a billion dollars in new equity for
X um and here's the fun
part that would value X at about uh $32
billion and that would be close to what
he bought it
for um so so basically the the
outrageous price that he paid for
X has already paid for
itself do you remember when uh when the
biggest thing you could say against Elon
Musk was well he's not such a genius he
overpaid for
x and those of us who were a little bit
smarter said you know just wait yeah I'd
wait a little bit on that so based on
the amount you just rais
uh which means he has plans for X I
think I I assume that's not just to
retire some debt it's probably also to
make sure he can do some new stuff but
uh it looks like his purchase of
X was a good
investment of all the things in the
world it it was the very one of the very
few things his critics had to to cling
to oh yeah well okay maybe SpaceX is
kind of cool and yeah yeah Tesla was
doing all right but but but okay
starlink was good and you know neuralink
seems like it's changing the world but
but but but he he definitely overpaid
for
X can't say that
anymore all right that's
fun um apparently a bunch of Hollywood
celebrities according to breit barart
news uh they got together wrote a letter
to the president uh begging him to help
with their copyright
protection so the same people who were
the biggest critics of trump are now
begging for help to protect them from
AI uh I don't think this is going to
work too well but uh here's what I think
so do you remember when AI could first
make pictures and little little very
short videos you know like just a few
seconds and then you thought oh um if I
can do that I can maybe make a movie
just by saying okay start with that
change this you know add another
character but it could never do anything
that took up from where the last image
ended it would just be a brand new image
so you couldn't do anything with
continuity but the continuity has been
fixed recently at least by a few apps so
I'm going to guess that we're one year
away from anybody being able to create a
featurelength movie by just talking to
the app now you'd still have to be good
at it so the the app isn't going to do
all the work for you but if you were
good at
it um I think you can do it and I'm
pretty sure I could feed my books at
least my my one book uh that's fiction I
bet I could just feed it to the AI and
say make a movie out of this
now the problem would be that the the AI
wouldn't want to violate my copyright so
I'd have to somehow convince it that I
had the rights to the book so that
hasn't been solved yet but I think we're
really close to here's a book turn it
into a movie boom we're very
close well speaking of books um
according to Wired Magazine Lily hey
Newman is writing that uh now you can
buy these lowcost drones from
big Chinese companies like teu and
AliExpress that you can add add-ons to
the Drone to turn them into terrorist
weapons let me say that again China is
now selling just you know commercially
to anybody who wants to buy it drones
that will take
add-ons that will turn them into
terrorist
devices and I don't think that there's
any doubt about why they're doing
this because I don't think these are
going to be available in China so it
looks like they're setting up the United
States to be destroyed by drones now one
of the things that um you can add is the
ability to avoid um first of all it'll
carry a payload so if it's if you want
to carry a bomb or some poison or
something they'll sell you that you can
just buy it off the shelf now um I mean
through the mail but it's off the
shelfish and you can even get the kind
that if it gets jammed it can turn to
visual so as long as it knows what's
supposed to be on the ground it can
thwart the
jamming yeah it's this is really
happening now you might know that about
20 some years ago I wrote a book in
which I predicted this very time you
you've seen the book it's God's debris
so God's debris the work has three
different books in it but the middle one
the religion war is about this exact
time so 20 something years ago I said
you know terrorists are going to be able
to buy a little drone they're going to
be able to weaponize it and they be
going to be able to launch it and you
won't know where it came from and it
will be able to snake through your city
and attack anything it wants and then
we're going to be in big trouble so
that's where that is by the way um some
of you have asked but
now um this is an audio book so you can
buy God's debris the complete works as
an Audi book so a bunch of you were
asking when's the audiobook going to be
available it's available now so it's not
me but I picked the uh I picked the the
reader of the book The reason I couldn't
do it is I have too much um I'm just too
dyslexic you know I I think I'm worse
than I used to be I tried to do the
audiobook myself um spent some time at
this studio but I can't really read
sentences anymore because I can't read
them in the order they're written even
if I wrote the sentence weirdly so I was
unable to do it just from mental
disability but also you were asking me
about the audio book for my other book
had it failed almost everything still
wouldn't Pi this is the second edition
not the first edition this is the one
you want um but the audiobook for that
is also available
so there's
that well but there's even more danger
coming apparently
China according to the
register um Chinese satellites are
already practicing dog fighting in
space which would
be military
preparation for a war in
space so it's not theoretical they're
already practicing dog fights in space
but here's the just sort of slipped into
the story apparently they already have a
a refueling station in space China does
for refueling satellites now I don't
even know what that means how do you
refuel a
satellite what are you refueling it with
I don't even know what that means but
apparently some kind of refueling
satellite thing so we'll probably be
fighting in space before
long um Trump is is looking according to
the hill Trump is looking to boost the
amount of Coal Energy this country
creates now you may say to yourself what
coal that's uh that's
dirty and it's old school and you know
it's not as good as nuclear and there
are lots of reasons not to use coal uh
however as Trump points out China is
building ton of coal power plants
and if there's one thing I can teach you
about
economics is that whoever has the most
energy usually
wins uh for economics so if the only way
you can have enough energy and it looks
like we're going to have a massive
energy squeeze with all the AI and
everything else uh if the only way you
can do it is with coal
power even with all the downsides the
pollution Etc
probably it's worth
doing now here's the fun part I think
trumpa picked exactly the right week to
announce this because it's the week that
the the left is planning to destroy
Tesla as a company and they're they're
going big on trying to destroy Tesla
which proves they were never serious
about climate
change so at the same week that the left
has proven that they were never serious
about climate change Trump comes out
with the most anti-climate
change policy you could ever even
imagine which is hey let's build a whole
bunch of coal power
plants now I think Trump says stuff like
you know clean beautiful coal uh I don't
know how clean you can make a coal plan
but uh I do know if your options
are uh making the atmosphere a little
dirtier and having enough energy you're
going to want that at as bad as that is
I mean you know I'm not trying to
downplay any of the negatives there's a
lot of
negatives but the positives are
unfortunately in a in a competitive
world it's going to be
necessary so I'm very grudgingly in
favor of this but I hate it I hate it
but I understand
it well the JFK files are not completely
out but the ones that are out it's
mostly out um but the ones people look
through do not seem to have any
Bombshells but let me just give you you
know sort of the things that people are
saying about it so according to
grock um the file so far would be
supportive of the single gunman theory
is that what you think do you think that
the files so far are supportive of the
single
shooter I don't know I'm not entire sure
that's that's what it's telling
us I am sure that it's not telling us
anybody else did it so it's not really
suggesting somebody else did it but it's
not really supportive of the lone
gardman Theory it's more like it's not
ruling it out I guess that would be one
of the things um one of the revelations
is that uh you already heard this that
uh one of Kennedy's main trusted
advisers is
Schlesinger um you warned that the CIA
was running its own foreign policy 40%
of the embassies were CIA and the the
Deep State already existed and he was
telling Kennedy that he needs to
dismantle it uh otherwise basically
you've lost your country and that the
CIA would be in
charge and not long after that um
Kennedy was
assassinated uh we do know there's more
information that the CIA had a mafia
connection um the connections seems to
be related to Cuba you know maybe
efforts to assassinate um Castro we do
know that Oswald was known to be a poor
Marksman which sort of suggests he
wasn't the shooter but I think Russia
the Soviet Union um also had been
watching him and said he was a poor
Marksman and I guess we said he's a poor
Marksman so everybody agreed he was a
poor Marksman uh we know Oswald was
being watched by CIA for some good time
before the shooting that's a little
suspicious
um if you want to go full conspiracy
theory there were a bunch of references
to Israeli
intelligence that had been uh I guess
long long redacted in these files but
now they're unredacted but they don't
say anything that's interesting about
Israel so the the only thing that it
tells us about Israel is that the CIA
and Israel intelligence I guess they did
a lot of work together which kind of
made sense somebody said that in the
Middle East at that time the Soviet
Union had a lot of control over the Arab
countries and the only non Soviet Union
controlled entity was Israel so we had a
tight relationship with them with
intelligence but there's no indication
that Israel had anything to do with the
assassination it's just referenced a
bunch of times
um let's
see there's some uh information that
there was this telephone call the
CIA uh intercepted when uh lee harvy
oswal was trying to uh talk to a KGB
agent in Mexico City I guess Oswald was
trying to get to Mexico to get to Cuba
to get to the Soviet Union but we don't
know how that's related to any
shooting um let's see there's a story
about the CIA agent Gary
Underhill uh so he was a CIA guy who
said that he
knew that the shooting was done by a
small group of CIA agents but um
somebody else said that the only
information about that guy was in a
communist
publication so I would put the
credibility of that one guy pretty low I
I don't think that means
anything and let's a
uh and then then that guy was allegedly
found shot to death and there was ruled
of suicide but that seems low
credibility so here's my take um do you
remember my prediction about the JFK
files what what were my
predictions my prediction was there' be
nothing
new there's a little bit new B linger
saying that the CIA was out of control
but we kind of knew that I mean I feel
like we knew that right I knew it uh we
knew that uh Kennedy wanted to get rid
of the
CIA um so that's not really
new so you remember that uh allegedly
Trump said that if you saw what I saw
you would not have released the JFK
files is there anything in these
documents that would have scared Trump
and told him not to release them answer
no
so do you believe that there's more
documents that maybe we've yet to see
that's the good stuff or do you think
that the good stuff was simply removed
and we just given a bunch of not
interesting stuff to just keep us
diverted and make us think we saw
something yeah I think it's the dumbest
question in the world because if it's
true if it's true that there was
something horrible in the files wouldn't
the most obvious thing to do just remove
those few documents and then try to sell
the rest as complete it's the most
obvious thing you would do if you were
in that situation and there was
something you really wanted to cover
up would you say well I'm not going to
release anything because then you look
pretty guilty or would you say here's
880,000
pages is anything left out no no it's
all it's all in there totally believe us
trust us it's all in there and I also
think what are the odds that if it were
that damning that it would be kept in a
file do you believe that somebody would
have taken a file that was so damning it
would have like changed the entire
nature of our understanding of America
from to to something terrible and it
would just be a document and it would
just be in a file somewhere
that that so stretches the imagination
now there wasn't any damning document
that they kept in a file just in case
somebody wanted it
no anyway Doge has discovered 4.7
trillion
dollar uh that the treasury Department
didn't put any tracking codes on meaning
that there was no way to audit or to
find out after the fact where $4.7
trillion went
there was no way to find
out now my bigger question is since this
seems to be the case with all the
government agencies I think usaid you
couldn't really tell where the money was
going partly because it was going to
this vast web of uh
NOS but shouldn't there have been and
didn't you kind of think that the
government was auditing
itself as a routine basis
didn't you assume that the government
was keeping track of where their
trillions of dollars were
going apparently not so don't you think
we need some kind of you know the uh the
auditing department or something because
I don't know that doge is going to
create an auditing
fix um and how in the world did we not
know this until now just
amazing anyway so doge
is is at it meanwhile Trump is expected
to sign an executive order to abolish
the Department of
Education I feel like this is one of
those Groundhog Day stories how many
times have we've been told that Trump is
going to abolish the Department of
Education and then it doesn't
happen maybe this time it will I'll be
optimistic but I'd be a little cautious
of this one it just feels like we always
go right to the edge it's like oh yeah
everybody's we're going to ban this
thing is it banned yet no no any minute
any minute later well how about now no
no not now but but later later we're
going to ban this totally ban it how
about now uh no so we'll
see uh meanwhile uh designated liar
Jamie Raskin he's one of the Democrat
designated liars and why say say
designated Liars there's a small group
of Democrats who apparently are willing
to say absolutely anything you know just
any outrageous lie whereas the more
normal Democrats you know the ones you
don't see on TV too much they would be
embarrassed it's like okay you know I
can't say that in public but Jamie Rasin
nothing will stop him from any lie in
public I guess he went on MSNBC
yesterday and he claimed that Trump
fired the uh the director of the FAA and
that's what caused the American Airline
Collision in
DC can you believe they even tried to
get away with that so it turns out that
the FAA director was not even fired by
Trump but did resign but was not fired
and there doesn't seem to be any
connection between any of that and why
the American Airlines Collision happened
but just think about that from a you
know an ignorant Democrat viewer of
MSNBC because you'd have to be pretty
dumb to be watching MSNBC and think
you're seeing news so so you're already
filtered to be dumb and then and then
this uh
allegedly you know credible guy comes on
and he tells you yeah the reason for the
accident was Trump fired the only guy
who could have prevented
it it's sort of a dumb
lie uh but the MSNBC audience is dumb
enough to say huh huh I guess Trump
keeps firing people and the planes are
going to fall out of the air yeah that's
not
happening um so speaking of lying
Democrats uh the Washington ex examiner
has a scoop an
exclusive um and that apparently the
Democrats put up Billboards in some of
the areas where the uh
Republican uh Republican representatives
were weak you know the places that they
want to win and get a democrat in there
and the uh the Billboards said that the
Republicans want to cut Medicaid and use
the money to give tax breaks to to Elon
[Laughter]
Musk so they put that on uh six
different Billboards in six different uh
um
locations and it looks like they're
being threatened by the Republicans to
take that down because it's a
defamation so they they've already sent
a ceon assist letter
so I don't know how that works so
correct me if I'm wrong um politicians
are allowed to lie and you can't sue
them right so Jamie Rasin can literally
just say anything and you can't say oh
that's defamation because he's a elect
official but maybe the billboard company
since the billboard company are not
elected officials then if they say
something that's patently untrue I think
they can be sued for defamation now the
truth is that there is talk about the
need to decrease the overall budget in
stuff like
Medicaid but they're looking at like a
you know 10% cut that maybe we can get
entirely from Fraud and Abuse and uh
apparently there's no Republican who's
ever said we're going to cut
benefits so you could argue that if
there's an idea that it needs to be cut
to meet our you know meet our targets
for uh the deficit that uh sort of is
going to lead to
that but it does sound like the
Republicans are holding tight uh they
don't want to change the benefits to the
actual individual user so they would
only after their waist FR and abuse and
maybe a little uh you know overhead kind
of stuff so we'll see if that's enough
but the Democrats have gone to just
complete lying as their defense do you
remember when Democrats had ideas about
policies and they'd say hey we get a
better idea they don't have that the
only thing they have is they sit in the
room and they come up with creative lies
and then they figure out who's going to
say them hey I've got an idea let's just
make up some about Medicaid and
we'll have Jamie Rasin go out and say it
and you know the other designated Liars
we can get Adam Schiff to say anything
swall well he'll say anything designated
liar anyway um so Dean Phillips who's a
Democrat who you know remember he ran
for president against Biden because he
he refused
to refused to be a stupid liar even
though he was in the stupid laric party
so he tries to position himself as the
the last reasonable person who's also a
Democrat he does pretty good job pretty
good job which also means he has no
chance of being
elected he can't get elected as a
Democrat because he's sort of Common
Sense
CEST um but he said that he was appalled
at how Tim
was sort of laughing about the
destruction of
Tesla and he said the you know I really
don't recognize my party I don't
recognize its principles uh what I saw
my governor and my friend Tim wall say
today was
appalling and I'm just shocked that
someone who should know better read the
room so
poorly
and I'm going to give him a little bit
of credit I I know sometimes some of you
hate it when I give any Democrat any
credit but he didn't look like he was
acting that's a big deal the the other
Democrats they look like they know
they're lying and they they look like
they know they're
acting he's either the best actor I've
ever seen and I don't think that's the
case or he really meant that he really
meant that he was appalled by his own
party I think he meant
it um
and I don't know I I think he's too he's
too reasonable to really make it to the
top of the party you you need to be a
little bit crazy I think to to get uh
even nominated to run for
president well there's some uh gigantic
study about the safety or lack of it for
the covid-19
shots and there's some appalling um some
appalling outcomes so here are some of
the things they found that these shots
would c um just assume that there are
gigantic percentages of increase that
are in the three-digit category so 610
per increased risk of myoc Cardis
following the MRNA injection
378 more chance of
acute uh disseminated enom
alitis uh
323 increased risk of cerebral Venus
sinus
thrombosis
249 extra risk of Gillian bar is that
how you say it Gillian bar syndrome now
is that
what um who's the singer the young male
singer who his face had a little problem
didn't he have that gillion bar thing
after a
shot so that's pretty awful um I did
check with grock to see if there was any
anything in terms of can
but so far the shots are not um
confirmed not confirmed to have any
impact on cancer rates but I don't know
that that's been studied as much as it
could be but no indication of extra
cancer but these other things are pretty
awful secretary Marco Rubio says that
Dei is going forever but he means in the
state
department um and he said this divisive
and discrimin atory practice has no
place in our country or our diplomacy so
good for you secretary Marco Rubio
getting rid of Dei I like
that um so I I posted on a and I think I
need to explain it a little bit I said
that uh it feels like this week is the
end of the Democrat Party as a political
force that can win elections now what I
mean is National so obviously the
Democrats will still be dominant in in a
lot of cities and a lot of States but I
feel like they've so destroyed their
reputation at this point that I don't
know how they could recover it could be
the end of them as a national party and
if you look at uh if you look at sort of
what's happening at the moment the the
Tesla stuff I don't think they've
calculated that this just completely
took away their biggest issue one of the
few things that Democrats had left to
tell other Democrats that they they
should vote vote for Democrats is that
uh the Republicans didn't take climate
change seriously but Democrats
did and now we see the the Tesla
protests they never meant that that was
all fake so the biggest thing they had
left has been
debunked now I'm not saying I know what
is the answer of climate change I'm just
saying that as a political point it's
completely dead it's dead as it could be
nobody's going to complain about Trump's
coal plants this week because it just
makes you look like an idiot because if
you're still in favor of the Tesla
protests you can't really say you're
you're all in on climate change all
right nobody's going to believe that so
that just sort of went away remember
when abortion was the biggest question
in National
politics well one of the smartest things
the Republicans did is they knew that
they would take a hit by moving it to
the
States but it got there so now that time
has passed that's very much a state
issue and there's Justin Bieber yes he's
the one who got the his his face at a
little droopiness for a while I think I
think it wasn't permanent
right so they they lost abortion as an
issue they lost climate change as an
issue they certainly lost border as an
issue because the Border policy is very
clearly in favor of trump they might
lose inflation as an issue because eggs
are down and gas is down and Trump's
going to meet with the big oil companies
today I think and he's gonna was it
Bell's
policy is is that what Justin Bieber
had okay I guess I'm not up to my pop
our health issues but in the comments
I'm seeing people say Bell's
FY
um I think that uh the Doge stuff that
is now currently the democrat's biggest
thing the only thing they really have is
the scalpel versus the
chainsaw and if Doge Works which we will
know for sure and let's say by the third
year of Trump's presidency if it works
nobody's going to remember the scalpel
versus the chainsaw it just has to work
if you can make it work everybody's
going to say it worked and that's how
history will record it they won't
remember the little talking point oh the
the scalpel not to Hatchet or the
scalpel not the chainsaw it'll just
completely go
away um what about ending the war in
Ukraine I think we're we're not that
close to get getting that to end but I
think it'll be done before Trump is done
with his term so that looks like it
might go away so there's a whole lot of
things that made it you know that gave
you a reason oh what about
Dei so Dei is being just crushed by the
Republicans you know as Marco Rubio said
where's all the push back where is the
where the protests in the street to say
yes we want more de die
apparently that was never very important
to
Democrats it was important to the people
who were grifting off it and it was
important as a talking point but
apparently it wasn't very important and
that people pretty much everybody
understands that you'd rather have
capability and skill um rather than
identity so that went
away um so what do they have left
they're they're going to fight against
common sense that's all they have left
the fight against Common Sense how can
that possibly work except you know
locally and maybe at the state level so
we'll see I can be very wrong on that
you know the here's the alternate
argument uh the alternate argument is
that it's always a
pendulum it doesn't matter what one is
doing you could just say all right who's
winning this 10 years okay 10 years from
now the other ones will be winning and
after that we'll go back to the other
one winning and I think there's
something to that because you know each
side adjusts and they come up with new
lies and new
plans anyway so this was a week we
learned that Democrats were never
serious about climate change
um do you remember the there was the
undercover video and I wish I could
remember if it was OMG
or uh oie's old group I can't remember
which got that video I'm going to say
OMG because I like I like
Keef so I'll just say it was his um
where it showed the CNN producer saying
oh yeah the next big thing we're going
to we're going to be hitting on is
climate change and once you see that
they're treating it as
content and and they're trying to you
know frame how people think about it
it's hard to say that you can take
seriously that they care about it I mean
they talked about it as a thing to put
on the news they didn't really talk
about it as we're going to have to save
the world by telling everybody that
climate change is is bad um and by the
way I just saw Greta tun's name go by in
the comments uh and one of my comments
was don't you think if climate change
were real that Greta tberg would have
already come out and said guys
guys take this seriously Tesla is not
your enemy you know I get how you're mad
you know I get it I get it but don't
don't destroy the climate because you're
mad at one individual for one in one
reason that has nothing to do with Tesla
so the fact that Greta tunberg is quiet
and all the other grifters seem to be
quiet that tells you a lot I saw a clip
of Jimmy door you know I guess podcast
comedian Jimmy door he says he's now
doubting climate science because of his
Co experience you know learning that the
government will lie about literally
anything and maybe everything so uh and
he was talking to Matt taibi now correct
me if I'm wrong but both Matt taibi and
Jimmy
door uh either were or are registered
Democrats right but but both of them got
a little redpilled just by you know
recent
events but uh it's funny to see Jimmy
dor he's like the can Mar in the coal
mine you know since he would be one of
the ones who would go first because he
he's already you know got got a foot in
each world but uh yeah he's D was even
saying that you can't really believe
anybody about anything anymore and uh
you know you talked about all the
projections that are not coming true the
coral reefs and all that but here's the
argument the worst argument and I I want
to convince you all not to make this
argument the argument goes if this real
Obama never would have bought beachfront
property that's a terrible argument do
you want to know
why because rich people don't give a
Flying Fig about maybe I'll lose one of
my many
houses once you reach a certain level of
you know wealth you can kind of put your
beach house there and say well if in 20
years the water starts Rising I could
either sell it or by then I'm dead or
you know I've got five other houses or
I'll move it up the beach they they
don't make decisions like regular people
if they were regular people and they had
most of their net wealth in their house
and then they put it on the beach well
that would be a pretty good point but
when you're talk about rich people no
none of those rules apply they just want
to live by the beach that's the whole
story so stop saying that they don't
believe in climate change because they
have a beach house those two things just
don't connect for rich
people well Owen
Shroyer who was uh I think he's still
part of Infowars right but uh he got
swatted recently and he had an update
today um he said that one of the big
problems with chasing after the
swatters is that if you're in a an area
with a Soros
da the Soros will just kill it so the
Soros da will have no interest
whatsoever in going after a swatter of a
conservative just think about that now
I'll bet this is real yeah I think he
heard it from good
sources
but that is so
awful he also said that uh you know the
there have been pizzas that have been uh
ordered in somebody's name that seem
somehow associated with a swatting well
the pizzas that were ordered in his name
were from the same location that his
coworker at Infowars was murdered
recently
so and it's not even the closest pizza
place to him so somebody intentionally
picked the location that was where his
coworker got murdered
recently
and um that's sting a message that's
clearly sending a
message so uh What uh what Owen says is
that uh he's begging people to keep it
in the news and make as much noise as
possible don't forget it because if the
public doesn't push it um the the Soros
Das can just ignore it but if there's
enough public pressure then maybe
something can get done on the good news
the uh administration's taking it very
seriously so Brendan car the uh head of
the
FCC he just said recently that uh um the
surgeon swatting attacks dangerous form
of political violence he says I've been
in touch with law enforcement to ensure
that they have access to the traceback
resources that locate a Call's
originating
point and Bad actors will face
accountability says now I have a
technical question maybe some of you
know the
answer does the government have the
ability to trace back the source in
every case no matter what technology is
being used by the um the the swatters if
it's a burner
phone can they at least find out you
know where it was transmitting from I
mean we that won't tell you necessarily
the identity of the person but it might
I mean it might be might be the burner
phone was in an
apartment yeah you don't know if they're
smart enough enough to take the burner
phone to someplace public to use it so
I'd love to know if the the Bad actors
have found a way to avoid this
traceback
um my guess is that you can trace a
burner phone but uh not the identity of
the owner so we'll see but we also have
a strong statements by Pam Bondi cash
Patel and chrisy gnome uh that they're
taking this very seriously and they're
going to catch these people and they're
going to take them to justice so we'll
see well over in Egypt probably most of
you saw this story there's a claim that
uh scientists using this powerful ground
penetrating radar have discovered that
beneath the pyramids in Egypt or at
least one in particular um there are
structures that are maybe twice the
height of the tallest building on earth
uh under the uh cafrey pyramid in the in
the Giza
complex now I I think they're assuming
that maybe other pyramids have
structures too but they
allegedly have figured out that there's
this enormous complicated structure and
that the pyramid would just be the top
of it and if you were to dig down two
gigantic buildings worth you would see
this big structure in
there so uh how many how many of you
believe that's
true I want to see in the comments how
many of you think that's
true I'm going to remind you of one of
my more famous and effective BS
filters now this is that what I call the
Scott Alexander filter so it's not named
after me it's named after a guy named
Scott Alexander which also was not his
real name by the way it was a pseud name
and he he once wrote an article that was
just changed me forever it just changed
me forever and here's the rule if you
ever read a story in the news and it
doesn't have to be about Egyptian
Pyramids if you ever read a story in the
news where your first reaction is oh my
God I can't believe that's
true it's not
true let me say it again this is a very
reliable indicator if your first
impression is
holy cow I can't believe that's
true it's almost always not
true what was your first impression when
you found out that under the the
pyramids that some that first of all
somebody had ground penetrating radar
that could look two gigantic skyscrapers
into the
ground well that if that technology
really exists holy cow I can't believe
it uh I I guess we'll be spotting all
those tunnels on the borders that the
cartel's been using right I guess Israel
will be really happy about this new
technology because the Hamas will never
be able to build a tunnel that they
can't detect I mean wow they can look
that deep under the
ground I don't think so so I'm going to
go on record as saying that I think the
Scott Alexander rule fits us when really
well if I had to make a bet I'd say 50
to one it's not real 50 to one I don't
think it's even close to real and you
know they've got pictures and images and
no I no not not even close I also don't
believe that the Egyptians the ancient
Egyptians built the pyramids and then
forgot how to do it do you believe that
all over the planet
in different continents at around the
same time people had independently
without being able to travel you know
there wasn't that much travel um that
they independently figured out how to
move gigantic rocks in ways that even in
the modern world we wouldn't be able to
move do you believe that all over the
world they learned it and then even
better every one of those um independent
societies that had learned how to make
pyramids with gig gantic Boulders and
the pyramids are all over the world
they're just different kinds but they'll
have gigantic rocks that we don't know
how they moved do you think they all
forgot they all forgot like nobody wrote
it down nobody made a hieroglyph to you
know show it being done it didn't get
passed down or or they just got tired of
doing it you know so after hundreds of
years or whatever it was of building
pyramids they just said you know we're
done with
pyramids does that sound even a little
bit
likely I'm going to say that the
evidence is strongly
suggestive of uh some culture that came
before that was teaching all of them how
to move big rocks so I'm sure that there
was somebody who did have the ability to
go from one continent to other did have
the technology to move these big rocks
cuz somebody did and it wasn't just
whipping the slaves harder you know we
know that all the ways we can think of
wouldn't work for the largest ones some
of the smaller rocks you could imagine
you know was just sliding on Sand or
something like that but the biggest ones
no there's no way that no way that the
existing population made any of that
stuff um so I don't believe any of the
egyptology
stuff well here's an update on the uh
the LA fires the Palisades fires um
heard from Joel Pollock he was posting
about this on X that uh he had insurance
with or does have insurance with State
Farm and uh he says uh State Farm maybe
the worst insurer in the history of the
industry I just received their laughable
estimate for repairs to my home and the
contents after the Palisades fire he
says it is charitably on10th of the
actual cost
um
and and he says that uh I guess this is
who's in charge of the insurance
industry should shut it down but he's
too busy in Bermuda now are other people
having the same experience goes I bet
they are can you imagine having
Insurance having a fully paid up
insurance and then when you have the
disaster they're only willing to give
you about 10% of what it would cost to
fix your house he his house survived but
needs you know substantial work to make
it
livable
10% so State firm has some explaining to
do and I feel like somebody in the
government needs to drag their asses
into a room and say all right you know
what's going on here um so this is
completely unacceptable so State Farm
you need to
you need to fix that you need to fix
that I guess Trump had a call with
zinsky um yesterday and it was a
fantastic conversation
fantastic and one of the ideas was that
instead of uh doing a mineral deal so I
guess the US has moved away from we'll
take your minerals and as payment to
we'll run your nuclear power plants
because we have expertise I don't know
how much expertise we have but sounds
like a good idea and I think the idea
would be similar to the mineral deal in
the sense that it would give the US a uh
important presence and some of the more
important assets nuclear power um so
that might be a disincentive for Russia
to attack if they knew that America was
running the power plants I don't know if
that's enough of a reason for Russia not
to attack I don't
know um
meanwhile the US announced sanctions on
Iran so I always think how many
sanctions could there be left like do we
have infinite sanctions and you could
just do more of them all the time so
some of them are about uh targeting
Iran's oil Minister and its shadow Fleet
of tankers so I guess the shadow Fleet
would be uh ships that Iran has control
of but they're not not not branded as
Iranian ships so they can sneak by the
sanctions so somehow I guess we can
figure out what the shadow Fleet is and
I don't know how we're going to stop
them unless
militarily but uh maybe if they're maybe
if they're registered to some private
company we could sanction that private
company I don't know um but we'll see if
that makes any
difference uh in other news a federal
judge has ruled against uh the Trump ad
Administration dismantling the
usaid um and the question is whether
Elon Musk in his advisory capacity
exceeded his authority to which I say
was there really some point where Elon
Musk was making that kind of decision
without checking it with the
boss couldn't Trump do that if he wanted
would wouldn't Trump be able to cut the
budget on
usaid because if Trump could cut the
budget
it and musk was talking to him every day
about you know what what the big stuff
is he was definitely talking to him
about us
Aid
right so at what point if you're in
continuous conversation with the
boss can you really say that it wasn't
the boss who authorized it it's not it's
not like he had a conversation with
Trump and Trump said well whatever you
do don't cut USA ID and then Elon Musk
went and cut it that didn't
happen no no matter what those
conversations look like they were
clearly on the same
side so I don't know how the courts can
stop that but we'll see we'll
see meanwhile cash Patel you've heard
this story before he says he's going to
Shield his staff at the FBI from any
retribution from uh Trump so the
retribution would be if there were any
FBI agents who were involved in any of
that lawfare against Trump or any of the
the dirty tricks against Trump but I
kind of like
this you know I I like that cash Patel
is willing to publicly say you know this
is a line we're not going to cross and
he's the one who will decide if
somebody's done something worthy of
firing so I kind of like a little bit of
push back
little bit that makes sense to me so
that that would be more I would put this
in the scalpel not the chainsaw category
so if he wants to Shield some of them
because he thinks they're more more
valuable than than the power of your
retribution I'm okay with
that well according according to uh
Mario nul he's talking about there's new
UK defense intelligence report
estimating that Russia has suffered
around 900,000 casualties in the Ukraine
war so far and up to a quarter million
soldiers killed and that's the highest
Russian losses since World War II but I
guess Putin quite cleverly is doing most
of his recruiting not from
Moscow so if you lived in you know the
the populist the more populated parts of
Russia the more metropolitan areas you
might not be feeling the war because
they're not running out of money in
Moscow and that's not where most of the
recruits are coming from so they're
getting the recruits from you know
minorities and places that are further
away but my question is how do you kill
that and wound that many people without
eventually everybody in the country
saying what did we get out of this like
what what was the point of that you know
what if you were wounded if you were a
Russian Citizen and you were wounded in
that what exactly were you fighting for
it's not like Ukraine was going to
attack you so wouldn't you feel like
that was sort of your Vietnam you know
there wasn't any strong reason to do it
and there certainly wasn't a strong
reason to lose a quarter million
people so we'll see I I think maybe
Putin has enough control over the media
and the country that he can just you
know come come up with a frame that you
know can keep him in power but in the US
that'd be bit big bit of a
problem all right so what else is going
on so in the hill the publication the
hill there's a opinion piece on Ukraine
from Alan
cooperman now what makes David Sachs was
pointing this out on X what makes this
unusual is that it starts out with quote
I rarely agree with President Trump so
this is not a trump supporter but he's
going to go on to say that Trump was
right about Ukraine so I want to read
just some of the opinion of somebody who
um apparently is a Democrat who's not
bad crazy who was just saying okay
I don't agree with
Trump but he did get this spot on so
here's what he said um and by the way
you don't have to agree with this it's
just interesting why his argument is um
he said that
uh um about Trump that his latest
controversial statements about Ukraine
are mostly true uh they only seem
Preposterous because Western audiences
have been fed a steady diet of
disinformation about Ukraine for more
than a
decade so he goes on Alan cooperman does
he said it was Ukraine's right-wing
militants who started the violence in
2014 that provoked Russia's initial
invasion of the countryes southeast
including Crimea
now here's where I'm going to
say maybe but it's also possible the the
Boris Johnson hypothesis that Putin had
long signaled he was going to take
Ukraine it's in writing he didn't say
I'll take it militarily in writing but
it was well signaled far in advance and
that maybe Putin was
using whatever excuse was available as
the justification so I'm not sure I
agree with him but he's agreeing with
Trump and that's the the news he says
second zinsky contributed to a wider War
by violating peace deals with Russia the
Minsk one and M Minsk 2 and seeking NATO
military aid and
membership now um I do think there was
some violating of the agreements but I'd
be surprised if there wasn't a little
violating in both
directions um and third Joe Biden uh
also contributed crucially to the
escalation and perpetuation of the
fighting and he raised Biden raised
false hopes that somehow you know
Ukraine could win if you just gave it
enough
support and nothing's really changed
since then you know basically the
borders have changed about 1% a few
years
um and he says even more tragic whatever
peace deals emerge after the world will
be worse for Ukraine than the Minsk
Accords now you could put this in the
category of whether or not this U
interpretation of things is correct and
I do think the Boris Johnson
interpretation that Putin was going to
do it and he just needed whatever excuse
worked and and then there were a few
excuses that were given him and made it
easy so at least easy to make the
decision not easy to do um so my earlier
point was what do the Democrats have
if if Trump is right about everything in
Ukraine and Biden was really the problem
and Biden destroyed Ukraine it's really
going to be tough for another Democrat
to say but trust me I'm not going to
make that Biden
mistake I know meanwhile over at the
University of Glasgow they did a uh
study in Scotland and apparently they
found that uh four and a five men who
were in prison in Scotland have a
history of head
injury four out of five now do you
believe that now a lot of people ask but
what does the normal male
have it's not unusual for a normal male
to have a head injury um anybody who
played a sport uh anybody who rode a
bicycle you know head injuries are
really common for men boys especially so
I don't know if that's way on a line
or it could be that the you know the
same people who would not worry about a
crime don't worry about doing something
dangerous that could hurt your head so
it could be just that it shows that
there's a certain group of people who
are not afraid of stuff maybe they
should be more afraid but but aren't so
I'm not sure if it's exactly telling us
what we think but I will tell you um my
stepson who who is now
deceased um he had a serious head injury
on a bicycle now he was wearing a helmet
so it was a very freak situation that
the helmet didn't protect him but he had
a very serious head injury and his
personality completely changed so he
went from the most cautious boy you've
ever met just super cautious about
sports about anything to having no fear
about
anything and that no fear about anything
is eventually what killed him because he
wasn't afraid of taking dangerous drugs
and so he overdosed and he knew it
because I I talked to him not long
before I happened and said all right you
do understand that this stuffier you
know these pills likely have fentanyl in
them and he would tell me yes we we all
know that these have fentanyl in them
and that they could kill
you but he wasn't afraid of anything and
so I've seen it in my real life that
somebody's person personality goes from
um cautious in a way that keeps you
alive to willing to take risks that I've
never even seen before I mean just just
hard to believe
risks so I'm willing to believe that
this head injury thing has some validity
I don't
know based on anecdote one
anecdote all
right ladies and gentlemen that's all I
have for you today that's my show for
today thanks for joining I'm going to
say some private stuff to the local
subscribers but the rest of you will see
next time if you're on X or YouTube or
Rumble thanks for joining and local
supporters coming at you privately
right
e
e
e e