pom pom pom buh-buh-buh-buh-buh boom
ba-ba-boom hey everybody come on in here
it's time for coffee with scott adams
some would say it's already too late I'm
a little bit late this morning sorry but
I did a periscope for you last night
so you'd have what to wake up to this is
sort of like a bonus and so please join
me in raising your class to the
simultaneous up grab your chalice you
mug your glass your container your stein
and join me for the simultaneous M
so I have a new hypothesis I'm gonna try
out about Russia we keep hearing all the
use of Russia stories from Russia
interfering with the election there's a
Russian spy who's part of the NRA
Russia's doing all kinds of stuff and
one of the things we we kind of assume
about Russia is that they're they're
very capable and they're good at stuff
especially the KGB so the the assumption
is that the KGB is just you know super
capable group and doing all kinds of
stuff but what if it's nothing like that
what if what if Russia and all of its
you know entities are just really really
bad at what they do what if they're just
all bad what if the KGB just isn't very
good what if the government is
completely unorganized the the most
ridiculous thing that I keep hearing
about governments goes like this
well Putin would certainly have to know
if something something was happening in
his government and I say to myself well
that sounds like something that might be
true in the United States if if some you
know US entity were messing around with
some other country the president would
probably know probably but is that true
in Russia do you think in Russia if
there's you know let's take this alleged
KGB spy what's-her-name Betina or
bulimia or something who is in the NRA
who was who was not trying to hide that
she was a Russian citizen she was
operating openly trying to get this
whole @ra thing going and then I saw a
clip of Putin saying that when this
whole thing came up
he he contacted all of his heads of his
security organizations and nobody ever
heard of her and I thought to myself ok
ok we know you know Putin's gonna lie
about everything but on the other hand
doesn't that sound kind of true to you
does it doesn't it ring true that Putin
himself would have no idea who this who
this little spy was if she was a spy
secondly what kind of a clever spy uses
her real name says she's from Russia and
tells you exactly what she's going to do
and then does it right in front of you
it's it's kind of a strange spy
situation isn't it
so go let's say just test the hypothesis
that instead of Russia being this
well-oiled machine in which Putin knows
everything that's going on what if it's
the opposite what if it's a very
unmanned Putin has no idea what's going
on half of the time in any other big
organization that would be the case the
United States might be unique you know
maybe a few other Western countries in
which we probably would know everything
that's happening or something like that
look at look at any meeting with the
President or you know any any statement
the president makes on any topic does it
seem like the president has talked to
all the people who were experts in that
topic and and he knows the topic from
top to bottom not really and that's not
exactly just a you know an issue with
this president it's a big country
he's a busy guy he probably doesn't know
what's happening everywhere all the time
do you think it's any different in
Russia and the best example that is that
Russian troll farm we've from the very
beginning of that story we've taken it
for granted that Putin knew all about it
and it's because the the guy who ran the
billionaire who ran the troll shop was
actually close with Putin so you Pope
you know two and two together and say
well Putin knows everything that's
happening you know with his spooks and
he certainly would know something that
was happening with a with this
billionaire that he knows pretty well
so therefore Putin was in on and he
authorized these bad memes that cost all
of thousands of dollars well maybe maybe
you can't rule it out but just try on
this concept and see if it fits what if
there are a lot of people in Russia at
the billionaire level or at the
government level who are just doing a
lot of things and they don't run it all
by Putin because Putin is sort of busy
he's busy is it more likely that there
are plenty of things happening in Russia
or by Russians that Trump that Putin
doesn't know about or is it more likely
that he's got his finger on everything
and unlike every other leader of a large
organization actually understands what's
happening everywhere all the time does
that seem realistic so I think there are
I think there are two ways to look at
this Russian thing some people are
saying absolutely Putin knows that I'm
watching your comments absolutely
Putin knows everything that's happening
well maybe you know I think he knows
what's happening happening in Crimea I
think he knows what's happening in you
know whatever he's doing with the
Ukraine I think he knows that I think he
knows if he sends his bomber over here
to get too close to US territory he
probably knows that but did he know that
one of his billionaire friends spent a
few thousand dollars to make some memes
that one on Facebook maybe
but it seems like if he knew that he
would have told them either don't do it
or do it a lot better so to me it's a
head scratcher whether he he actually
knew all that stuff I thought this was
the old theory mm-hmm now let's take
take the case of Prince Salman the Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia and his knowledge
of the murder of Jay shogi does it feel
more likely to you that he was in on the
detailed planning and he knew where it
was going to go down and what was going
to happen or does it seem more likely
that he told his people shut this guy up
one way or the other and then let them
figure it out which one would be more
likely because it seems to me that yeah
he may have ordered him to be either
co-opted or somehow silenced I believe I
believe the order was that he needed to
be silenced and then what we watched was
them first trying to co-opt him in other
words trying to not kill him but rather
you know bringing him into the kingdom
and then when that didn't work Plan B so
it seems to me that the most likely
explanation is that the crown prince
gave an order that was sort of generic
and then the the way it was carried out
was maybe up to the the underlings that
doesn't make that doesn't take him off
the hook by the way so there's nothing I
said that would release the crown prince
from responsibility because it's his
people and he certainly would have given
the order to shut him up but the way we
think of this you know if you're
thinking that the crown prince said yeah
bring the bonesaw yeah probably not
probably not
I'm seeing some of you say that Mika has
done something you don't like but I
don't know what that is
I'm gonna turn on my computer and find
out what Mika said must be good
something homophobic according to your
comments so mika brzezinski
I assume is who you're talking about
here let's see what a mica mica anti-gay
let's see what she said I got a look at
something that happened in the last 24
hours
nothing from Mika you're probably
telling me right now hold on now I'll
have it in a moment 18 hours ago that
looks good something about miik
nope can't find it it's on mediate all
right I'll do one more try mediate weak
persons No
yeah I don't see it can't be much of a
story going to Don Junior's Twitter is
that where it is all right
we'll do a look one more place as you
can tell I am NOT as organized this
morning as I should be so go to jump
junior let's see what you say all right
so let's say more so mica just asked if
Mike Pompeo is a wannabe dictators but
boy what as a homophobic a term as I've
heard lika called Mike Pompeo I want to
be dictators but boy like that can't be
real I'm gonna play this video that's
I gotta turn off my headphones here all
right hold on for reasons that are
unclear my speakers don't work all right
I don't know why but my computer
speakers aren't working my headphones
are working so yeah so there's just some
sound problem I'm not going to try to
fix today but let's say that she really
said that that's pretty that's pretty
outrageous so she should apologize well
yes
so the 48 hour clock is ticking just
like everybody else everybody gets 48
hours now I'm not sure that you know you
and I or maybe just I I'm not sure that
it's up to me to forgive her because she
didn't insult me she insulted the LGBTQ
community and so it's up to them to
either accept her apology or not but if
48 hours later she is not clarified or
or apologized then that's who she is her
apology is not really an apology oh she
apologized about 20 minutes ago okay
let's see if I can find that will go to
her Twitter totally agree with you super
bad choice of words
I should have said water boy
[Laughter]
like four football teams or something
like that
apologize to Senator Durbin too so sorry
I should have said a waterboy like four
football teams or something like that
yeah
probably should have said waterboy well
let me give you some social media advice
if you're tempted to refer to somebody
in social media by the intakes to their
buttocks you're gonna have some trouble
you're gonna have some trouble go with
water everywhere that you could have
said but say water instead so instead of
up boy
waterboy it works for everything instead
of a pain in the butt it's a pain in the
water just put water in there every time
and you won't be now she's disparaging
water boys that's funny she is
disparaging water boys yeah I didn't
think about that but that's that's
actually what she's doing because if
you're a water boy first of all you know
why are you assuming gender but but
second of all isn't all work worthy of
respect you know obviously I don't even
know if I would use the term water boy
would you would you call somebody
somebody's a water boy because the the
essence of the insult is that a water
boy is worth less than the people on the
team the water boy and B it's insulting
no matter what it is right
yeah lap dog is better doesn't insult
the dog as much a water person
so anyway that's that's I guess that's
the most fun thing happening so you have
noticed that the that the news has
become horribly uninteresting lately and
it's because of the holidays things are
well I mean every few days it heats up
but it's not heating up with anything
substantive so when the news heats up
it's because the event is
hyperventilating over some neumuller
thing that doesn't make any difference
oh yeah so Nancy Pelosi so I talked
about this last night so Nancy Pelosi
has cemented the Democratic Party as a
place that's no place for men if you're
a man and you're supporting the
Democratic Party it's an interesting
choice let's just say it's sort of rare
to be on a team that can sinners you
unworthy of being on the team which is
largely what the Democrat Democrats have
become they'll are they've largely
become a female oriented party that has
a bad attitude about men and if you said
to me hey Scott were we're forming some
clubs yeah we're putting together some
social clubs which one would you like to
join how about the one that men are
considered second-class citizens how
would you like to join the club and I'd
be like yeah let me join the club that
treats me like I'm a second-class
citizen
somebody says that's false Scott well
part you are welcome to give reasons but
it's pretty clear that the that women by
a solid majority prefer Democrats and
it's looking like Republicans by a solid
majority are supported by men
to women who like men so I would say
Republicans are a combination of men and
women who like men as well as they like
women that there seems to be the the
branding that's happening now where the
Democrats are women and men who who
think that women are better than that
[Music]
sounds like weak persuasion yeah
there's no persuasion here at all I'm
actually describing it in as close to an
objective way as I can I'm not trying to
persuade you of anything
so I've been reading up a little bit on
Millennials
so apparently Millennials are 75% of the
workforce and the the stereotype of
Millennials and by the way I don't
really I don't really buy into
stereotypes of entire entire groups of
people so these stereotypes I read in
Forbes but you can use your judgment
about how accurate they are to any
individual they're not accurate to any
individual but the characteristics were
that they're not so much about the money
as they are about autonomy and
recognition so autonomy and recognition
and you know accomplishing things so
they want to feel that they're doing
something and they're being recognized
for it and they have a lot of freedom to
do it and it makes me wonder if that
mindset is more or less successful than
other mindsets you know when when I was
21 and what I got out of college I was
looking for a job the only thing that
really mattered to me was how much it
paid and whether whether it gave me some
path to something better that would be
even paying even better and so for me I
was willing to take almost any kind of
pain to get where I wanted and I thought
that that's how it worked I thought I
thought it doesn't matter how how much
it hurts
that's the deal the deal is you do stuff
that hurts they give you money and over
time you can work yourself into a better
situation as I did but and I think it
was the Forbes article that was
speculating that what may have really
changed the mindset is video games and
social media and the idea is that video
games and social media are somewhat
immediate gratification you have lots of
flexibility you know of what you do but
you get this immediate recognition
people like your thing and you know it's
also kind of surfacy and you don't have
to work very hard so imagine the rewards
you get for posting on social media and
getting lots of likes or playing a video
game in which you succeed with in the
video game you get it you're getting all
this feedback all this positive feelings
you know the chemicals in your brain I'm
yeah happy happy happy happy and then
you go to work and you go to work and
everything about work is opposite
everything about work is dehumanizing
you you gotta beg for credit it's gonna
take you forever to succeed at anything
if you ever do so I don't know what that
does to people's success but here's one
of the things that I like to point out
every now and then I'll put this in two
different contexts one of the things
that makes white people racist is they
say hey look at all those white people
who invented great things and you know
they were very successful white people
and then the racist says but I'm a white
person too so white people are awesome
but that white person who is the racist
didn't
into anything how does the racist get
credit for what completely different
other people did it's it's a strange the
whole racist belief system is is so
irrational that I don't even know how to
call it racist instead of just stupid
because you know there are lots of
things you can say that are
scientifically valid about differences
between groups but the fact is the
racist themselves the actual individual
racist did not invent anything didn't do
anything so how does that person who is
doing nothing but making a racist
website trying to draft off of the
successes of completely different people
the people who actually make a
difference in the world are 1% or maybe
it's point
Oh 1% and if you're not one of those
people you can't really claim credit
because people who have a pigmentation
similarity to you did great
how does that work same with men versus
women I often hear men who were being
sort of secretly sexist usually they
don't say this in public but some
version of men invented everything men
invented everything well I'm the man I
didn't invent anything I I do have a
patent but it's for something completely
useless
and most men 99% they didn't invent
anything they didn't invent a damn thing
so how can I take credit because I have
a penis and some complete stranger 20
years ago or a hundred years ago or five
hundred years ago who also had a penis
who was far smarter than me once
invented something like how do I take
that as my accomplishment what what is
the connective tissue it's like Oh
there are very smart successful white
people there for all the dumb
unsuccessful ones get to get to be part
of that success does it really work that
way is any racial pride okay
well okay is a vague way to ask the
question I would put it this way racial
pride either is either a useful to the
person who has it word is not useful if
you can find a way to make it useful
then I'd say it's a good thing for
example let's say you were a member of
some ethnic group that was routinely
discriminated against doesn't matter who
it is just any any ethnic group that is
routinely discriminated against would it
make sense for them to have ethnic pride
probably probably because it might be
part of part of the mindset that helps
them succeed gives them a little a
little bit of cushion and protection
against other people's bad opinions and
that sort of thing but suppose you were
a generic white person as I am I'm about
as generic as you can get would it be
useful for me to have white pride I
can't think of any way that that would
be useful I mean I like I don't have a
lack of pride and nobody is nobody is
discriminating against me because other
white people are bad in some way so in
my case it wouldn't have a utility that
I can see but if it did have a utility
then absolutely so if there's somebody
who is feeling beaten up because of
their ethnicity generating a little bit
of you know whether it's real or
artificial pride and you're your group
of people it might have some usefulness
as part of your overall mindset you know
as long as it doesn't dominate and push
you in the wrong direction
I guess my bigger point is that
you should not be taking credit for the
success of complete strangers who happen
to have genitalia that is roughly
similar to yours that just doesn't make
any sense and I would go further and say
that there somebody says gay pride gay
pride had use that had so gay pride was
a very smart very effective mindset as
well as a political movement because
they were they were very much the ones
who are being discriminated against and
and still of course by Mikah and other
people still discriminated against yeah
black pride gay pride yeah any group
that feels put upon it probably is
useful do you think of it in those terms
in terms of being proud of who they are
but it doesn't make sense it can be
useful without making sense they don't
have to be the same thing and in my case
it wouldn't be useful so I don't take it
too far
what's the opposite of pride in your
race I would not think of it in terms of
opposites I think you could either care
or not care so disliking your race is
kind of rare I don't know anybody who
discriminates against themselves
I suppose it happens but I think it's
either a question of whether it matters
where it just doesn't matter it's more
like 1 over 0 not 1 or negative 1
men are arguably being put upon yeah men
are being I think we're at kind of a
turning point wouldn't you say I think
we're at a turning point in society at
least in the United States where being
male is widely considered and I'll say
widely meaning I don't know 40 percent
of the public thirty percent of the
public that's pretty wide I'd say 30
percent of the public thinks that men
are just bad humans and of course
they're there no two men are exactly
alike so it's a gross generalization
like everything else the liberal
indoctrination is to make you feel
guilty about your white to maleness
somebody said yeah maybe so
so somebody said is Micah's comment
about but boy a firing offense it should
be right I mean in order to be
consistent it should be now in my
opinion if somebody apologizes and by
the way she didn't apologize to the
LGBTQ community did she she said it was
a super bad choice of words and that she
she apologizes to Senator Durbin too
which seems to be a different topic so
sorry
yeah I'm not sure if saying you're sorry
generically is the same as apologizing
to the community she offended the gay
community yeah I guess all day long
people are going to be talking about
whether mica should be fired since Kevin
Hart was kind of fired personally I'm
not in favor of firing people who who
are being corrected and accept the
correction so I would say this this case
mica did something society collectively
corrected her she acknowledges the
correction
that's about all I would ask of anybody
so I would apply the same standard to
mica that I would apply to Kevin Hart
and it goes like this I don't judge
people by their mistakes if you do if
you judge people by their mistakes
that's the case of loser think because
we all make mistakes all the time we're
in a continuous state of failure and
mistake making it makes more sense to
judge people by how they handle their
mistakes so I would look to both Kevin
Hart and mica and say okay what did they
do about their mistakes
and it seems to me that in both cases
they they will say improved or increase
but let's say they improved their
understanding of other people's
sensibilities in this social world in
which they live and they've learned how
to navigate their society in a more
enlightened way now is it is it just as
likely that Kevin Hart would say an
anti-gay thing today no it's not he he
has clearly you know I hate to use the
word evolved but it kind of works here
Kevin Hart started as an imperfect
person as we all have and he got a
little bit better and this incident
helped him get there maybe quicker than
he would have mica clearly made an
insensitive comment that was
inappropriate according to society
she fairly quickly acknowledged it and
and said she was sorry I'm not sure it
was that the apology and needed to be
but still it's obvious that she has
taken it as something that she needs to
avoid in the future in other words
growth you know and I say that about
every form of of racism and sexism if
there's if there's if there's one thing
that we could say about everybody over a
certain age and that age is pretty young
but everybody over a certain age was an
adult we used to be worse that's almost
true of I don't know 95% of people 98%
of people it's true of all of us we used
to be a lot worse so if you judge me by
who I was 40 years ago I'm not gonna
look so good and guess what if I judge
you by you know decades ago that thing
you did that thing you used to think you
wouldn't look so good either
and so that's why I have proposed the
20-year rule the 20-year rule says that
you just don't judge people by
I stuff they thought or did or said 20
years ago because we're not really the
same people we were 20 years ago
now 20 is sort of a random number and
you could you could apply it to you know
five or ten or no or 50 years whatever
you want but it's a good rule of thumb
then if somebody's complaining about
let's say George Soros I'm no fan of
George Soros but when you tell me that I
need to judge him by something he did
when he was 14 when he's in his 80s I
can't go there with you I just can't go
there with you just do to far away I
seem to have a phone around here
somewhere that just dinged oh I need to
find it all right but anyway uh I will
talk to you later because I don't have
much else to say today but let's let's
let people grow let's let's let people
improve if they don't apologize and they
don't improve well then judge them judge
of any way you like but if somebody used
to be bad even if even if used to be was
yesterday and it's obvious to you that
they understand what the problem is and
it's obvious to you that they've you
know they've said they're they're
sorry's it's obvious to you that
something has changed to make them less
like that in the future I say we should
applaud it so Kevin Hart and mica I put
them on the same team in the same
category which is two people who were
imperfect just like the rest of us and
showed growth let's be happy about that
and Merry Christmas I'll talk to you
later