mmm
[Music]
hey everybody come on in here come on in
here and enjoy the unparalleled pleasure
of the simultaneous sip yes it's gonna
happen right here and you're part of it
think of all the billions of people in
the world who are not enjoying this Oh
empathy is an order
let us feel sorry for those who are not
enjoying the simultaneous sip as you
wise and punctual people will enjoy
momentarily and you don't need much all
you need is a couple of mother of
glasses time to tell us that the taker
thermos last canteen Grail goblet and
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite beverage I like coffee and join
me now for the dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
you're gonna have an amazing day today
thanks to the simultaneous sip go oh
yeah so let's talk about a few things so
calmly Harris suddenly sent her first
interesting tweet to which I said huh
looks like maybe something happened with
her staff and sure enough she shook up
her staff so simultaneous with shaking
up her staff Cobble Harris has her first
that I could remember anyway interesting
tweet now by interesting I mean it made
us talk about it that's the entire test
if you're talking about it she's winning
now
I've explained this until I am you know
blue in the face as they say I explained
it with Trump he's taking all the
attention it doesn't matter what he's
saying I explained it with AOC when you
thought she was the flash of the pan but
it turns out she's running the whole
show
I told you that getting attention is 50%
of persuasion if you don't understand
that point there's almost nothing else
you're going to understand I'm not
talking to most of you I'm talking to
these several people who will come to my
Twitter feed today and say what what do
you say it's a good tweet why you saying
it's a good tweet and then I'll say back
to them because you're talking about it
and then the next person will come and
say Scott why are you saying it's
between it's not a good tweet is such a
boring tweet it bores me so much and
then I'll say but you're talking about
it and then the next person will come
and guess what they'll say you probably
had to be but it'll look something like
this
why you say it's a good tweet it's not a
good tweet or such a bad tweet I always
say bad tweets I can't why do you say
that Scott and then I'll say for the
third time because you're talking about
it and no matter how many times I say
that there will still be a fourth person
who will say well you know how it goes
for some reason that message doesn't
connect I don't know why it doesn't
connect with everybody most of you are
on board with that but there's some
minority of people who simply can't hear
that getting attention is pretty much
always good in the political realm I
mean you'd have to you'd have to be
saying things so bad well let me give
you an example representative to Labe I
don't never know if I'm pronouncing your
name right so I apologize if I got that
wrong too late
Fox News is reporting that she has now
tweeted a total of four separate race
hoaxes all of which you know were were
discovered to be hoaxes later and and
she hasn't corrected at him she's never
tweeted all I got that wrong I guess I
guess that was a race hoax now who are
we talking about too late she's still in
the news no matter what she does can you
think of something that would be worse
than tweeting four separate race hoaxes
getting the world all worked up
with stuff and then apparently yesterday
she was touring some a police facility
that had they were showing off their
facial recognition and I swear I'm not
making this up she said on you know in
public to people who could record her
and and witness it she said maybe you
should only hire black people to do the
facial recognition because white people
can't tell black people apart she
actually said that that actually came
out of her mouth now did it hurt her
probably not probably not apparently
there's nothing she can say there won't
make her just more famous and somehow
that works now if that exists if that
example doesn't make my case I don't
know what we'll keep in mind that if you
were a Democrat or an anti-trump ur
watching Trump's entire act you would
have been screaming the whole time
there's no way this is gonna work sure
he's getting a lot of attention but look
at the things he's saying come on just
sorry cats in the act again the things
he's saying will disqualify him no they
got him all the attention he became
president most important person in the
world that's how it works so getting
back to Camelot if we're talking about
it it's working and the tweet was she
was tweeting that the president should
be kicked off a tweet Twitter for his
outrageous tweets and then she I think
there was two of them and the second one
she she tweeted to Jack Dorsey saying
Jack what are you gonna do about this
kick him off of Twitter now let me ask
you this do you think that calmly aris
believes that there's any chance that
Trump would be kicked off of Twitter can
we agree that she doesn't think that's
actually gonna happen cuz that's
important you have to know that she
doesn't believe now I'm not reading
minds but you'd have to have an IQ of
about six to think that anything will
to the president in terms of getting
kicked off of Twitter you know that's
not going to happen no chance so given
that it can't happen
why would somebody suggest it twice well
probably because she got better advisors
so whoever advised her and I it looks
like maybe there's a better advisor in
the mix here because she did shake up
her staff yesterday
whoever advised her certainly was not
thinking hey if you send a couple of
tweets Twitter might take the president
off a tweet Twitter no nobody thought
that nobody thought that they thought
that it would be a provocative tweet
that would allow her to get back into
the news cycle where she has disappeared
did it work
yeah totally worked it was a headline
all yesterday that's all we talked about
not as well we talked about other things
but of all the other Democrats that were
running how much attention did they get
yesterday less less attention so keep an
eye on Camilla I've been saying for a
while and this will be the point that
you will that will be ignored unless it
becomes important sometime in the future
so one of those things you can't hear
when I when it's first said you can hear
it in the past when you go back and say
oh he said that here's what I said the
top three polling Democrats are
unelectable and I think a lot of
professionals and people in the base
know that for different reasons they're
unelectable if if you were to turn the
polls around and put you know something
like Delaney and Yang and stuff on the
top you would end up with a more
electable group it's just the weird Atia
of the system allowed the least
electable people to be the top three now
as the professionals start to exert
their control over the system and I
think that happens especially as a as
the crowd thins out a little bit the
professionals will have more influence
over everything I believe that they will
start looking for somebody who could win
and what's unique about Kamala Harris
they're her problems while enormous are
easily solvable she has the most
solvable problems let me give you an
example when she talks she she gets
jumpy like her shoulders go up and it
doesn't even look it doesn't look
leadership like how hard would it be to
learn to calm your body while you talk
and to maybe not hold your hands
together like this in front of you like
you're nervous how hard would it be to
learn that one minute 60 seconds
you just have to be aware of it and then
if she started to do it she's oh don't
do that she'd probably fix her posture
stand up straight and just put her arms
and hands in whatever position look more
literally how hard 60 seconds I had to
correct probably a third of her problems
which is her body language how hard
would it be for her to learn to not
laugh at her own jokes well it's a
lifelong habit so you don't break it
immediately but how hard would it be to
learn to start doing it 60 seconds
somebody says to her you know people are
talking about this it makes you look
less like a leader more like a follower
don't giggle like a schoolgirl at your
own jokes the first time you hear that I
tell you it's so chilling that you would
remember it if somebody you trusted said
look you're nervous laugh at yourself
just looks makes you look like you could
never be President just stop doing that
how hard would it be to stop not really
hard because once it became a priority
and you're running for president you
just put a little attention on it and it
would stop right away so she can fix her
body language she can fix her nervous
laugh that's sixty percent of her
problem right there
who else can fix their biggest problems
in in 120 seconds that's unique right
then the last thing is how to be
interesting and now to have you know
good policies and stuff
that people care about that part has a
lot to do with their professional staff
so if she is if she's moved out of the
way whoever was boring us to death with
their advice and if she moved in
somebody who can get some attention
which wouldn't be the hardest thing in
the world I have to do is hire a better
advisor or get somebody out of the way
who was maybe blocking the good advisor
she already had looks like that just
happened so of the biggest problems to
solve looks like looks like she has a
very solvable problems and the first
thing you would imagine that would
happen to solve those problems would be
a shake-up in the staff and that
happened yesterday now the odds the odds
of her pulling up from 3% to leadership
are low right I think we would all agree
you know when you get down to like 3%
the odds of coming back I don't know has
that ever happened it'd be hard but the
next thing that's gonna happen is some
consolidation and by that I mean
somebody in the top three is going to
drop out and when the first person in
the top three drops out will there only
be three left at that point in other
words will the Tut will the one of the
top three drop out only when it's down
to three well will one of them drop out
while they're still stragglers and 3%
ORS in the race that's important I think
Biden might drop out before the the
group when it was too much if Biden
drops out early and I think you'd have
to say that's a good 50/50 chance
wouldn't you wouldn't you say there's a
good 50/50 chance that Biden will find
some respectable reason up I had a
health problem something like that
there'll be some reason that will look
natural why he has to drop out because
you you figure at this point the
professionals aren't
urging him to do it or at least not
supporting him enough to to get to the
finish line
so when Biden goes where does his
support go does it go to radical Bernie
in radical Warren or does it go to the
next person after the two radicals who
at least has some chance of finding
something like a reasonable middle
that's the play so that's the play that
I'd be looking for I'm not going to say
I predict it I'm gonna stick with my
prediction from over a year ago in which
I said common law would be the nominee
but that lose to trump in the general
I'm going to stick with that only
because it's interesting you know I I
did lay out the reasons the reasons
haven't changed the only thing that did
change is that we learned she's the
worst campaign or we've ever seen but
it's fixable the things which make her
the worst candidate I've ever seen are
actually really easily fixed so watch
out for that let's see oh and of course
people are saying how can come aleris
you ask a social media giant to silence
the First Amendment that's exactly why
the tweet works because people are
falling for it they're just totally
falling for it like it's like it's a
serious suggestion you know what else is
not a serious suggestion there's a book
out now that claims the Trump quote
wanted to dig a water-filled trench at
the border stocked with snakes and
alligators and now there's no mention to
whether about whether these snakes and
alligators would have frickin lasers
attached to their heads because there's
no point in building a border moat with
just snakes and alligators if you're not
going to take it to the next level and
put some frickin lasers on the
alligators heads snakes are a little
harder because they're smaller but at
the very least put some frickin lasers
on the alligators heads so they can just
look at people and try them
and then there's also also in this book
they say that Trump suggested migrants
be shot in the legs to slow them down
I'm not laughing about shooting migrants
let me be clear
laughing at the ridiculousness of the
report there's nothing funny about
shooting people at the border and we
shouldn't make fun of it but it's also
not going to happen the way the way is
described now do I think that Trump has
ever said anything that other people
could interpret as asking about shooting
people in the leg and asking about
building a moat with snakes and
alligators I think he probably did ask
those questions how seriously should
that have been taken probably not too
seriously
it doesn't sound a lot different than if
three of you were sitting in a room
having some beers and just talking about
stuff the way he talks
apparently in professional settings is
not a lot different than an ordinary
person talks all the time it's just that
he does it in a in the White House now
do I think there's anything we should
worry about in this reporting in this
one book that took it took us it took us
until now to hear this obviously anybody
else who heard this didn't think it was
serious enough you know to even even
mention so if it took this long for it
to come out in the book one thing you
could be fairly confident about is that
it's out of context in other words all
the people who didn't complain about it
probably because they heard it in
context and just laughed or thought it's
just you know it's just him talking
he's just stirring up the room it's not
real right now the shooting in the leg
thing I have to think was because of
something specific I don't believe
there's any chance that you thought you
know just as a general policy if you see
somebody crossing the border
you'll say it's a young family with
their children in their arms you know
doing their best to make a new life
leaving a dangerous situation maybe we
should just start shooting them but not
killing him just shooting him in the
lake he never said that I think we could
agree that nothing like that actually
happened now did he say that there might
be some special case where shooting
somebody leg was better than whatever
the alternative was maybe you may have
thrown something out there just to see
how people react but I don't think you
can take any of that as seriously and I
think you just have to look at you know
where actual policies end up to know
that this was it's just another fake
news story but a funny one if you
believe that the president seriously
wanted to build a moat with snakes and
alligators I think that's on you if you
think the president literally wanted to
start shooting immigrants in the leg as
some kind of you know general policy or
something I think that's on you I think
that's on you cuz that's not really a
credible report here's something
interesting you didn't know about
there's an office of nuclear energy in
the government did you even know that I
didn't I knew there was a Department of
Energy and I knew that they were doing
some pro nuclear stuff Rick Perry's
group but I didn't know there was an
office of nuclear energy I found out
yesterday when Mark Snyder who's our
famous
nuclear energy advocate mark Snyder said
that they started following him which is
great because he's he's one of the most
effective advocates for nuclear energy
so they should follow him so I followed
him to just to see what they were about
and man that was a good follow I'll tell
you what they are they're at a tag of
nuclear govt nuclear at gov nuclear on
Twitter and worth following if you
follow you know if you're interested in
climate or energy or nuclear energy or
any of that it's a good follow they have
they don't have many followers yet so
they tweeted see they tweeted this are
you ready there are three advanced
reactor systems meaning three different
new technologies for nuclear power could
be coming as soon as 2030 and are
expected to be safe cheap etc so there's
there's an international consortium my
consortium consortium that we are part
of we be in the United States and the
office of nuclear energy is talking
about it and their generation for Gen 4
stuff that won't won't melt down and and
we know how to make them less expensive
it's easy to make nuclear less expensive
if you don't know that you're not paying
attention a lot of people say nuclear is
too expensive well the old way is the
old way is really expensive the way we
know how to do it in the future
is the way you make anything less
expensive you standardize it you build
them in factories you you agree on you
know one design so everybody knows how
to make that one design and you test it
until you're one design is pretty solid
and then you reproduce it so it's mass
production it's factory built it's
making them smaller in some cases you
get some economies that way because you
can ship stuff on on trucks etc build a
minute factory ship it on a truck
assemble it so because economics is such
a mature science I guess if you want to
call it a science it's not quite not a
science but it's a maturer field we know
exactly how to make a nuclear power
plant less expensive we just make it
smaller standardized test it you know
make sure that anybody who knows how to
work at one sort of automatically knows
how to work at another business the same
technology so the government is well on
its way working with other countries to
have it
designs working by 2030 and then once
you have them how quickly can you roll
them out ah you're thinking the old way
if I told you in 2030 we'll have these
really good safe small economical
nuclear plants you're probably gonna say
to me if you're a if you're a climate
alarmist I'm not sure I love that term
but let's say you believe that the
climate is a big problem you might say
to yourself too late Scott it's too late
it takes so long to approve and build a
nuclear plant that if we don't start
building these safe ones in 2030 it's
already too late well no it isn't
because you're thinking of the old way
the old way of getting something
approved and built was way too slow and
too expensive they had two things not
working for it by 2030 if we're serious
about this and if we still care about
the planet and let's say worst-case
scenario
sea level is risen similar to the
predictions could happen yeah it might
happen on its own not for human warming
but maybe it just happens then people
are more panicked so it's the panic I'm
talking about not the truth of climate
science in 2030 we're likely to have a
little warmer planet and people are
gonna say whoa let's do this I didn't
know you could make these small and
cheap and safe as soon as the public
understands that small cheap and safe
has been accomplished and looks very
doable there there some engineering
testing iterating challenges but they're
all within the realm of just engineering
you know we don't have to you you don't
need you don't need I you Stein to
invent something new you just need to
engineer it and test it and iterate
until it's working just the way you want
for the most part in all likelihood we
could roll them out pretty quickly once
they're safe because that's the trouble
right nobody wants one near them if it's
gonna potentially even in their mind to
be unsafe now you should know that the
current generation that we could build
today is already the safest power that
we have the things that have had
problems in the past were earlier
generations which were less say for
reasons we understand really well so the
the current and newest generation of
nuclear has never had a major event all
right events meaning somebody dying or
that sort of thing here's my idea
for getting rid of hurricanes and making
the world a better place this is my
whiteboard that you can barely see but
if you could you can see that this is a
very bad map of Africa with the top part
of of Africa being the Sahara so that's
all desert up there suppose you put
together three technologies that we
understand we know how to build nuclear
so you put a nuclear power plant right
on the on the coast or close enough to
the coast that you can get the water
from it and then you put a
desalinization plant right next to it to
take advantage of the energy because d
Selin ization is an energy intensive
thing that gives you an ability to
irrigate but irrigating a desert is
enough
you would also need nutrient-dense soil
turns out we know how to do that too if
you put a bunch of free-roaming
livestock on the border between
vegetation and desert those livestock
will wander over into the desert part
now and then and poop and their their
activities of eatin plants and poop and
seeds and the poop being the you know
the fertilizer fairly quickly and faster
than you would imagine would be the case
meaning over just a few years they
actually moved the border of the
vegetation into the desert so you can
actually expand you can expand a
vegetation into a desert just by having
livestock wandering around on the border
so if you combine those three things you
could target the Sahara
one of the hottest places on earth for a
specific and targeted cooling why does
that matter
oh I'm not even gonna
how many of you know why that matters
why would it matter so much to do it
there versus somewhere else does anybody
know the answer that the answer is
because that's where hurricanes start
hurricanes are born because of the
difference in temperature between and
suddenly they'll have to fact-check
beyond that's what I'm pretty sure this
is approximately true that the ocean is
relatively cool the death at the desert
is relatively hot and there's a certain
time of season when that difference is
enough to make the wind turn into a
storm configuration if you could cool
just a few degrees off of the you know
the coastal Sahara part there are smart
people who believe and again I'd have to
be fact-checked on all this I'm not I'm
not the climate scientist but I believe
you could actually weaken hurricanes now
weakening hurricanes is not an answer to
climate change because hurricanes and
storms are just one thing that people
are worried about you know they're
worried about this super storm etc but
we could somewhat directly go after it
we could find that hottest spot and just
take a couple of - a couple of degrees
off it over time so that now we're 40
years in the future when there would be
super hurricanes assuming climate change
you know goes away the scientists say
now what if climate change is a big ol
hoax a lot of you believe that right
those say you believe climate change is
a big ol hoax isn't it still a good idea
to get rid of that desert and turn it
into something useful of course this is
that it's never gonna be a bad idea to
have desalinization and fresh water and
cheap energy and you know a place you
can plant more stuff so I just put that
out there as a possibility
speaking of climate change there was a
study published in a prestigious
prestigious journal called Nature
that was retracted and it was a study
that said that the oceans were warming
even even more than we thought so it was
going to be even worse than we thought
and that paper got retracted but here's
the interesting part
it was retracted because somebody named
Lewis a mathematician and who was a
critic of the climate change consensus
he looked at the paper and after it was
published so remember he was not an
initial reviewer he saw it after it was
published and he posted a critique and
then the scientists looked at his
critique and said oh darn it you're
right
and they withdrew the paper now let me
let me let me tell you how they
described the discrepancy so the short
they say quote shortly after publication
arising from comments from Nicholas
Lewis so he would be the climate skeptic
we realized that our reported
uncertainties were underestimated owing
to our treatment of certain systemic
errors as random errors so the problem
was that they treated systemic errors as
random errors I don't know what any of
that means but here's the here's the
punchline of the story a hundred percent
of climate scientists didn't catch this
mistake the only person who caught it
was not a climate scientist let me say
it again a hundred percent of all the
climate scientists in the world didn't
catch the obvious mistake the only
person who caught it was somebody who's
not a climate scientists he's a
mathematician now he knows about climate
science because he follows it he's a
mathematician now let me ask you this
how unusual is it that all of the
experts would be fooled and the one
person who's not an expert would catch
it and remember now all the experts have
agreed that the guy who caught it was
right
that that was there it would just had an
errand how unusual is that unfortunately
that's not unusual so let me ask you
this how unusual is it that an outsider
a mathematician could have enough
information to debunk a study that has
been published in a prestigious manual
or a prestigious publication it's kind
of unusual right because the error that
he caught was I think in just the math
and the statistics of it so in other
words it was a rare situation in which
the outsider had everything he needed
because it's just math and statistics
and they gave I guess the raw data was
there so he could just look at and say
no I'm a mathematician you got this
wrong that's not that usual let's let's
compare that to somebody who said we
went to all the measuring stations
around the world and we came up with
this estimate of what the warming is
let's say you read that read that paper
could you and I or anybody else know if
they did the measurements correctly well
not really because that you'd have to
sort of do what they did and travel
there and see if there's anything
interesting or wrong with the with the
measuring state stations most things I
would imagine are not easy to check if
you were if you're just an observer of
the paper if all you have is the paper
what are the odds that you could debunk
it even if it's wrong
probably not because all you have is
what's not in the paper you're not gonna
go reproduce the stuff I mean if you're
just a reviewer you're not going to try
to reproduce it other people might try
to reproduce it later
so here's what experience gets you the
inexperienced dozens and I talked about
this little in one of my chapters in
loser think which is my great book
that's almost out too you can buy it on
pre-order right now it's called loser
think and it's available wherever
books are sold audio book will be
available too at the same time
November 5th is when it comes out but
you could preorder it now it'd be a good
time to do that and I talked about this
effect where if you're experienced it is
it would not seem unusual for the
consensus of reviewers to be so wrong so
often that the public would have an
incorrect view about climate change that
wouldn't even be that weird if you're
experienced because if you're
experienced you've seen this situation a
whole bunch of times if you're 22 and
it's the first one of the issue you've
seen you're like oh there was a
publication and then it it got there it
was criticized and it was pulled down
you'd probably say to yourself science
is working really well because that's
how it works
you know nobody expects science to be
right on the first try every time nobody
expects every paper to be true you know
that that's how it works you're
transparent people criticize you you fix
it so if you're 22 you'd read this story
and say everything's working fine it was
just one paper all right just one time
and they caught the error they fixed it
it doesn't really change the big picture
everything's working fine if you're
experienced this is the hundredth time
you've seen something like this or
whatever you've seen it over and over
again if you've worked for a big company
you've seen these blind spots and you've
seen lots of situations where the
majority are all wrong if you've never
seen situations in which the majority
were blinded to their wrongness even for
years you would assume it's unusual and
you would assume well it's not happening
in this case what are the chances that
so many people could be wrong well if
you're experienced you would say totally
feasible doesn't mean that's what's
happening and I want to be very clear
here I'm not telling you that all the
climate scientists are wrong
I'm telling you that if they're wrong on
the big picture you know that the level
of risk if they're wrong I would
conclude based on my longer life and
vaster experience and different large
organizations etc I would say huh can't
say I didn't see your comin
now I'm not saying it's true that I'm
not saying that climate change is all
alarmist and no science I'm not saying
that how would I know I'm not a
scientist I will say that if someday we
find out it was not valid I would say
yeah that's consistent with my
experience that wouldn't be surprising
at all even though and let me say this
as clear as possible the scientific
community is pretty unified sure there's
5% or whatever it is that is on the
other team but they're pretty sure and
still it would not surprise me if they
were blind to some you know certain
types of errors all right and I don't
believe that science would that the
scientific process is robust enough to
catch it within any time frame I will
say the science the scientific process
probably is robust enough that it would
catch any major errors with climate
science eventually but the problem is
you don't know when eventually starts
right could it be a year could it be
five years could it be ten years could
it be twenty years before some major
error is found in in the scientific
consensus easily yeah easily you could
go 20 years and then find out oh man we
got all this wrong that wouldn't even be
surprising but I'm not I'm not saying
that's the case I'm saying it wouldn't
be surprising all right
Trump offered congratulations on Chinese
Communist Party anniversary their 70th
anniversary and people criticize the
president they would say are you kidding
me how can you criticize
or how can you compliment President Xi
for this regime of 70 years that's done
all these bad things and so mr.
president you're doing it all wrong why
can't you learn to deal with leaders the
right way to which I say who taught you
how to negotiate you critics here's how
you negotiate which I know you show them
complete respect at the leadership level
which eliminates any reasons they have
to to work against you
all right it eliminates any ego brand
reason to work against you so by showing
the leader maximum respect the president
takes off the table any problems that
would cause by not doing that now he can
talk to them now at the same time that
only works if you're if you're tough as
nails on the actual deal negotiating
which apparently we are otherwise we
would have by now we would have a deal
if we were not being pretty pretty tough
so the perfect negotiating stance is
complete respect for the person you're
dealing with even if you don't feel it
on the inside you might not feel it on
the inside but it's a good strategy to
show respect you get the best
communication that way the best level of
trust etc and then you go hard-as-nails
on then negotiating now as I've said
there's no chance that we're gonna have
a trade deal where we are heading toward
a soft decoupling and I don't see the
slightest chance that's going to change
I take that as a prediction it used to
be a preference but now it's a
prediction I think it's the first time I
predicted it so my prediction is a soft
decoupling soft meaning we're not going
to have some kind of law that says
everybody get an China stop doing
business with China rather it will be
something like simply not doing any
more business with China because all we
have to do is stop the trend that's all
we have to do we just we just say
alright if you're already there it's
gonna be hard to leave we get that but
your next factory your next factory kind
of needs to be a little closer to home
doesn't have to be it doesn't have to be
America that'd be great
if you're like Apple Computer and you're
built your plants in Texas I'd be great
but it doesn't have to be just shouldn't
be in China so decoupling is coming yeah
because and I say that because China is
never going to act on fentanyl they're
never going to give up on squashing Hong
Kong they're probably not going to stop
the Holocaust against the Weger
community and they're never going to
stop stealing IP and they're never going
to be trustworthy on any kind of in you
know technology deal or really anything
so we should just stop pretending that
that that could ever be a deal all right
um here's the other news fake news fake
only because I thought it already
happened so it's not fake news in the in
a in the sense that is false it's fake
news in the sense that why is this news
and the news is the Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo admitted he was on the call
between Trump and the Ukrainian
president to which I said I thought we
already knew that are you telling me
that the president would call the
president of Ukraine and he wouldn't
have Mike Pompeo on the call in what
world is Mark Mike Pompeo would not on
that call didn't you assume he was on
the call yeah and I'm washing the
comments people are going who cares that
was his job why are we even talking
about it you know what else Mike Pompeo
did and I swear I'm not making this up
Mike Pompeo and I I hate to be the one
to break this news to you
but Mike Pompeo once put on a crisp
looking suit with a necktie and went to
work I swear I'm not making that up
Mike Pompeo and you could probably get
him to admit it he once put on a
good-looking suit put on a necktie and
went to work one day that's the same
story Mike Pompeo went to work that's it
it's ridiculous
all right I saw CNN in one of their
headlines - a story they said Trump is
branding impeachment as a coup I love
the way that they worded it that he's
branding it
he's rebranding impeachment as a coup
now is that fair there's a fair to call
it impeachment a coup well general you
know impeachment as a general concept is
certainly not a coup it's it's almost
the opposite of a coup it would be under
normal circumstances the impeachment
process would be part of what keeps the
Republic healthy it would be more like a
cure than a disease under normal
circumstances what we're saying is not
normal circumstances what we're seeing
is people who started with impeachment
and then figured out the reasons after
the fact that's pretty well-established
at this point so is it fair in terms of
being close enough to true when Trump is
saying that impeachment is a coup I say
yes I say yes now I think you've watched
me long enough to know that I will
disagree when something doesn't make
sense I mean I hope you've seen me
enough to know I don't just reflexively
agree with everything the administration
does but they do a lot of stuff right
and I do tend to focus on the things
they do right because that's where the
interesting stuff is that's where you
learn something when they do something
right and Trump branding impeachment as
a coup is right it is right because it
fits the facts it's a completely fair
description of the intentions of the
people involved
the intentions are to undo an election
and not for a legitimate reasons what
would you call it I think calling it a
coup is actually factually ethically
morally completely fair completely
appropriate now I can see why they don't
like it but I think it's fair now and
then of course the the people who are
going to complain about Trump branding
it a coup no doubt are gonna say oh
you're starting a civil war or you
starting a race war I talked about this
yesterday do you know what I don't see
if I walk outside I'm not gonna see a
race war if I talk to my neighbors and I
couldn't see any race war I don't think
there's gonna be a race horror because
first of all nobody wants one and that
that's all you really need if nobody
wants one that's probably sufficient you
don't need more than that literally
nobody wants one
period nobody wants one it's not gonna
happen
all right let's see what else we got
going on here well I think that was most
of it I had all the high points you got
any questions
Bernie in the hospital
two stents put in is that true did
Bernie get hospitalized because that
would end him I don't know that that's
true can somebody confirm that Bernie
stents I'm just gonna search it while
you're here I don't think that's true
ooh cancelled events until further
notice oh it is true so ABC is this
current yeah October 2nd Bernie Sanders
age 78 to canceled events until further
notice after being hospitalized
a medical evaluation you found to have
blockage in one artery and two stents
were inserted
he's conversing in in good spirits and
he's done he's done so let me let me
wish Bernie Sanders well this is no time
to be political but you know you can't
help it because he's running for
president you know everything's
political if you're running for
president she can't really you know take
that out of it
but let me just say Bernie Sanders has
been a national treasure
even if you hate everything he's ever
said because I think you could respect
people for their passion and for
fighting for things he certainly changed
the conversation he's changed the entire
Democratic Party he's moved things which
he thought were crazy into the well
let's talk about it realm he's been a
good fighter a good he said infinite
energy he's inspired people I think he's
a patriot I think he's a patriot even if
you disagree with everything he's ever
said or done I think he's a patriot and
so I wish him well but at age 78 if you
are hospitalized during a campaign with
a fairly serious heart condition even
though the treatment of it seems fairly
trivial I think you're done as a
candidate is that too harsh tell me in
the comments do you think that's the end
of it because if you had a choice of
Warren or Sanders and one of them didn't
look like he could make it to the finish
line
yes he's 78 and now he's got a medical
problem it would be okay to be 78 with
no medical problem well I don't know how
okay that would be but I mean it
wouldn't be okay with me but apparently
your supporters didn't care
well I don't know how you could have a
major cardio situation at age 78
obviously you'll have to pull back on
your schedule for a while it cetera so
we wish him well
but that should end his campaign in a
sense now I was expecting Biden to come
up with this kind of an excuse first
it's not an excuse in Bernie's case I'm
sure you didn't want this to happen but
I would serve Biden to have some kind of
a health event whether real or imagined
because if once you reach a certain age
you're pretty much in and out of the
doctor's office once every two weeks are
you amused we reach a certain age and
you get pretty acquainted with your
doctor so I feel sorry for Bernie
well it apparently the operation was
completely successful so there's nothing
to feel sorry about in terms of his
health
looks like medical community did his job
so good job for the medical community
and we wish him well he's a communist
who wants us all in chains chains I say
well I think that might be a slight
exaggeration now you don't get a
sympathy vote for president there's no
such thing as the sympathy vote for
president now the impeach the
impeachment thing there was some poll
they showed that a number of people were
against impeachment just because they
knew it would be bad for Democrats the
Democrats were against it because they
knew it would be bad for Democrats
so impeachment is not a sympathy
situation is more anger situation and a
strategic political situation and here
comes Carla I don't think Carla Harris
would be the natural recipient of
Bernie's voters I think they go to
Warren if Warren takes our so here's the
sequence of events Bernie will drop in
the polls presumably his support will go
to Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Warren
will become the uncontested front-runner
if you're Biden what is your one claim
for being in the race that you're the
one who can win
what's it look like if Biden thinks he
can't win the nomination
once Warren has a commanding lead and
once Warren absorbs Bernie's people I
think that's gonna happen I don't think
they're gonna go to Biden especially if
your candidate had a age-related health
problem are you gonna move your vote to
the other guy who's that age if that's
this seems like a stretch so the logical
thing that's gonna happen because the
Bernie support will go down
Warren's support will go up sufficient
that she's the front-runner and then the
entire reason for Biden disappears
Biden's reason for running will
disappear if he's not the front-runner
he only makes sense as an unquestioned
frontrunner at the moment he's not he's
completely irrelevant in second place in
second place he has no relevance to
anything and he's gonna know it and
anybody who might give him money or
support him is gonna know it as well so
the likely sequence of events Warren
goes to number one Biden no longer has a
reason to be in the race Bernie becomes
irrelevant in the race whether he stays
in or not he might he might drop out if
Warren goes to the top and then you're
gonna start looking around for who's
next level down and you'll see a bump
for yang and Budaj edge and maybe Harris
maybe Harris and maybe others so it
looks like that's the way it's lining up
let me tell you if I get my Comley
prediction right you'd have to admit now
I'm not saying I'm not gonna say it will
be right but I'm sticking with the
prediction because all of the reasons
for the prediction are still in place I
just have one additional fact that she's
a bad campaigner but it looks fixable so
that's what we got going on right now
it's all fun and remember snakes and
alligators and moats they're no good
without freaking lasers on their heads
that's a reference to dr. evil and
well most of you do that reference the
dr. evil with the frickin lasers
somebody says hillary's goes light in I
say zero chance of Hillary the reason I
say zero chance of Hillary is because
number one she would not take a second
beating and I don't think she could
handle the risk of losing a second time
number two nothing would motivate Trump
supporters more than Hillary in the race
no it would be the best thing ever two
or three or whatever when I'm up to
Hillary does not strike me as a
spontaneous personality meaning that if
she were planning to run or even if she
had a secret desire to run we would have
seen it she would have already had a
meeting with X somebody would have said
I you know I just talked to her it would
be something like fundraising you would
see signs of it she's not going to just
go from 0 to 100 miles per hour without
all the stuff in between Hillary does
not strike me as an unprepared candidate
she I don't think she would run
unprepared that's part of the reason
people liked her right I mean she was
serious detail-oriented person so I just
don't see her spontaneously getting in
it would be so out of an of brand all
right that's enough for now somebody
says you're under estimating Budaj edge
maybe I think Budaj edge and who else is
down there Cory Booker you know that you
can see somebody who's in sixth place or
whatever rising up to third I can see
that happening all right not for now bye
for now