let up bum bumbum okay I'm back
I already periscope once this morning
but that was before I played the video
that is the video that President Trump
shared with chairman Kim I don't know
how many of you have seen that video but
let me tell you you have to watch it
alright so if you i'm aight i might play
it on here but you're not going to be
able to see it as well i might play here
just to take you through some of the
good points but so those of you just
joining can be talking about the video
that President Trump shared with
chairman Kim and let me give you my
first reaction I just watched it it's
fresh in my mind it might be the best
thing that anybody ever did in a
negotiation period it might be in the
history of the world the best thing
anybody ever did it is so good
it hits every note perfectly and alright
I'll run you through it a little bit so
let's say we've got a couple thousand
people on here let me see if you can
hear it at all it's coming
[Music]
of those alive today only a small number
would leave a lasting impact all right
so it's starting off as kind of a movie
model now I assume that we've done our
research and we know that chairman Kim
might like american-style movies or just
movies so if he is the type of person
who likes that kind of thing movies in
American culture that might be effective
but there it starts right off saying
that this is a rare opportunity with two
special people so the the incentive to
be aspirational and to become the person
of this movie is very high so it starts
out perfectly it's a great tone it's
serious it's it's a the music and
everything is big it's like world you
catch that history doesn't have to
repeat history is always evolving what
is the biggest issue that everybody has
with with you know things happening in
North Korea right now the problem is
we're stuck in our mental prison of
history we're stuck assuming that the
past repeats this is saying right from
the start
history evolves history doesn't repeat
history evolves where did you hear that
before Kanye
all right Candace now you've heard these
things before domestically so you know
that these messages play pretty well
domestically but they're strong there's
strong messages and perfectly on point
for this situation now what
lots of good images what if so the
question what if is far more powerful
than saying here's what's going to
happen so persuasion wise if you say to
somebody here's what's going to happen
people will immediately reflexively go
into well no there's a reason that can't
happen so as soon as you affirmatively
say this will happen whoever you're
talking to reflexively says up six
reasons why can't happen they didn't let
them get into whoever made this video
and it's brilliant didn't let anybody
get into the head instead they said what
if because nobody resists what if
especially if the what-if is such a
positive thing so what if is brilliant
it's brilliant
[Music]
curiosity it's good stuff
curiosity pictures presents notice that
the video which is made by the United
States elevates chairman Kim and
president Trump to at least in this
context the two most important people in
the world and there's there's no
distinction made between is one of them
the more important one or one of them is
not as important no remember I told you
that ego is a tool ego is not who you
are if you if you imagine that your ego
is who you are you're in the loser mode
you're just going to be protect
protecting this image of who you are if
you treat ego as a tool you can
manipulate it up or down depending on
what you want to accomplish here you see
that the president who has obviously
approved this and he showed it to
chairman Kim the president has allowed
himself and approved it probably was
behind it to be shown as an exact equal
with chairman Kim that's a choice that's
somebody using ego as a tool what did I
always tell you that the president does
he uses ego as a tool that's now who he
is
[Music]
special moment in time one chance this
is good persuasion and also completely
true right now we don't know that it's
the only chance ever but it feels like
it could be so it's true enough for
practical purposes when you tell
somebody there's only one chance they're
far more motivated than if you say well
another chance might come along maybe
the next one's been better so you say
one chance and that's pretty close to
the real situation so I don't so far I
don't think there's any hyperbole going
on even though the form of it
is is sort of a you know what would I
say sort of an important germ attic
presentation but it's not going too far
there's nothing here you'll see that is
unrealistic even a little bit you just
saw an image of a NBA player dunking we
know that you know Rodman Sarah we know
Kim likes basketball so they've they've
seeded this video with things which they
know will be compatible with with things
that he likes things that he would like
to have more of imagine imagine being a
big NBA fan and having the possibility
of not only making everything good in
your country but you can attend a game
now all right these are pretty these are
really strong images all right now
here's the organize so you see pictures
of destruction now I had a mixed feeling
about this at first which is oh you know
why don't why not just keep it all on
the positive but in terms of persuasion
I talk about this a lot you want to set
the contrast there's if we're not
friends way over here it's the worst
thing in the world literally the worst
thing in the world war but over here oh
my god it's so good so watch how this
video clearly establishes the contrast
and so
so you have this one chance at least it
feels like one chance to to pick the
right choice and the right choice is
amazing it's not just good it's amazing
this isn't black and white than moving
back all right now I don't know if you
caught it but there was a satellite
picture that wasn't by fairly quickly of
the Korean Peninsula and it would show
that South Korea has all the lights on
and North Korea has the lights off all
right remember that because this is
there's gonna be a callback to that a
little bit later it's a it's it's like
an amazing moment coming okay
the missile just went back into the silo
big physical door visual image
[Music]
[Music]
we shake the hand of peace and enjoy
prosperity like he has never seen a
great life or more isolation which path
will be chosen
featuring president Donald Trump and
Chairman Kim Jong Kook so this is sort
of movie talk
[Music]
the future remains to be written ladies
and gentlemen all right so it went by
fairly quickly I didn't have a chance to
stop it but there was a point where when
they were doing the what-if stuff and
things will be great in the future maybe
they shared that same picture of the
satellite where originally the the
lights were only on in the south and
there was this little musical score and
it goes boom and all the lights came on
and North so they're you know the fake
lights but in movie terms it just turned
on the lights of the North it was the
coolest thing
coolest thing when I saw that I just
want oh god the visual there is amazing
so remember that I've been telling you
that we may be entering this Golden Age
and that that we may be just looking at
the world in a different way and you've
seen with not only you know Kanye and
Candace and and I've talked about it as
well I'm actually gonna be talking to
Michael malleus this morning in a couple
hours so I think that's life so I'll
tell you more about that in in a bit but
you're seeing that that there is a
explicit understanding now there were
not we're not trapped in a mental box of
the past this is so important because so
many of our problems I've said are
mental meaning that North Korea and the
rest of the world never well they did at
one point have a reason but at the
moment they don't have a reason to be a
war the US has no reason to be a war
with North Korea they have no reason to
be you know belligerent with us none
we're only stuck in that old mindset
where it used to make sense or we
thought it made sense back then and both
Kim and the president have said in
explicit words we're not going to we're
not going to be trapped in the past
anymore and you saw in this video is
said in indirect
language history doesn't repeat it
evolves it's my I think it's my new
favorite saying history doesn't repeat
it evolves president Trump you know I'm
not sure who wrote that but you know
it's certainly a message from the White
House
all right so that was just amazing yeah
it's so fun to see your government do
something that right you know aren't you
aren't you sort of used to watching your
government do things and you say well I
like some of that you know I got some
reservations could have done this a
little differently yeah we're pretty
cynical and we're used to you know
criticizing anything the government does
just automatic it's part of the American
experience but when you see this video
this was so right I mean this was this
was right from beginning to end -
everything about that so credit whoever
made that I don't know if I'm not sure
we'll ever know the the author or
authors of the video but Wow
good stuff
where do you find the video on YouTube I
saw it on townhall.com
I'm sure it's all over the internet by
now but that's the one I was playing was
that townhall.com all right so having
seen that my opinion of of how things
are going to go actually changed because
you know I think everybody is coming
into this with the right amount of
skepticism you know I think we all got
it or at least some of us I'm guilty of
it got ahead of ourselves and the hey
this thing's will be perfect right away
kind of mindset because we were feeling
pretty optimistic and then when you know
the the signed agreement was sort of
general but it was all the right things
but as sort of general I thought to
myself out okay I'm gonna accept this as
real progress but you know so much more
that would need to be done to make it
real but when I see this video and I see
how persuasive this is I feel far more
optimistic than I did before I watched
it because if this is the approach that
we're putting forward if this is the
face of American diplomacy I like it I
like it I and I would go so far as to
say that as a diplomatic move to show me
a better one all right show me a better
one ever this might be one of the best
diplomatic plays of all time now people
ask me what's the difference between
persuading and manipulating and I always
say its intention if you're manipulating
somebody to do something that's bad for
them but good for you well then you're a
manipulator and you could be using
exactly the same tools as someone who's
just trying to persuade toward a win-win
scenario in this case the persuasion
technique in the video is plain and you
know it's out there and there's
there's no question to anybody watching
it knows that it was made to persuade
you know Kim knows it was made to
persuade his people know it was made to
persuade but it's persuading in a
positive direction all right
that's the persuasion you want to go
along with that's that's the frame you
want to get into that's that's everybody
comes out ahead there all right that's
all I have to say for this I might be
back for some more snippets on
individual topics as things develop
but that's all for now