doo-doo-doo
pom pom pom yes I'm back for the second
time today with the valuable lesson on
persuasion by audience demand so I'll be
talking today about my tweet recently in
which I said that bad
persuasion is where you say stop being a
victim and good persuasion is be
strategic I'll talk about that in a
minute but I want to revise something I
said on a periscope and I think I
tweeted it a while ago and I was saying
that it was bad persuasion to say that
that the Democrats who are African
Americans should try to leave the quote
Democratic plantation and I encourage
you to stop using those words because
first of all it puts your mind in the
past and it puts it in the negative past
so it it pre Suede's you in all the
wrong ways it just puts your mind and a
competitive us-against-them
past so that you know we're trying to
get past and I'd suggested that you know
free yourself from your mental prison
and you know bringing it to today is
better persuasion but you may have
noticed that both Candice Owens and
Kanye who's used the the plantation word
for their message when I heard them use
it is sounded different and so the
lesson here is that the message and the
messenger can never be separated I think
it is a mistake for me to use that kind
of imagery because I'm not black
it was not a mistake for Candice and the
Kanye to use it because it just comes
across differently if you know if you're
speaking from the in-group versus you
know an outsider presuming to give any
kind of advice you know which is always
problematic
so I revised my opinion the plantation
imagery is great if you happen to be
african-american you can use it all you
want and it just sounds different it's
probably good persuasion but if you're
as white as I am you just stay away from
that it's it's offensive just by feeling
and and you don't persuade people just
by defending them by your choice of
words it's just a bad place to start so
let's say let's get to my point of the
day yes we're going to the white board
here we are it's persuasion lesson
here's but here's an example of bad
persuasion stop being a victim you know
get out of your victim mentality it's a
good idea in terms of that the concept
it's terrific in terms of a way to
communicate the concept it's a total
failure and I'll explain more in a
moment the better way would be be
strategic I'll give you some examples of
that stop being the victim has the
problem of putting you in the victim
mindset
it also makes you argumentative and it
tells you to stop doing things these are
all bad persuasion what is easier stop
doing drugs you know if you're trying to
persuade somebody what's an easier thing
to do stop doing what you're doing
whatever that is doing drugs or whatever
stop doing it
or hey how would you like to have a
cookie which is easier to persuade it's
very hard to get somebody to stop doing
anything it's easy to get people to
start doing something that sounds like
something they wanted to do anyway
all right so stop being a victim gets
you to the same place as be strategic
because thinking about yourself as a
victim and being mired in that that
mindset is just a bad strategy but don't
say you've got a bad strategy don't say
being a victim because it's very much
like telling somebody to stop thinking
about an elephant it's the most famous
example of bad persuasion that people
know you've probably heard it before if
I try to persuade you and say hey don't
think of an elephant it's a famous
example most of you have heard of it but
you can't your brain just sees an
elephant as soon as you say stop stop
seeing an elephant all I think of as an
elephant what do you think of when
somebody says stop being a victim boom
put you into the victim mindset terrible
place to be and if you're already there
telling anybody to stop doing what
they're doing is a hard persuasion task
compared to be strategic let me give you
an example let's say you are a young
african-american person and you just
want to I was gonna say male or female
but that part didn't matter but you're
just a young and african-american and
you have these choices in your
environment you could go try to get a
job where you know there will be a lot
of bias let's say it's a private company
that's just all white people you know
you don't know if they're biased but
they might be sort of looks like that
right or you can go to a fortune 500
company who have incentives and a great
a great desire to improve diversity so
if you have a strategy you go where your
strategy makes sense you go where the
bias works in your favor those places do
exist they may be far fewer than these
places but there's still plenty of them
if you went to college you've got to get
an education or if you've developed a
skill that a big company wants they
really want you then if you get in with
a big company you have two choices I'm
just so oversimplifying this to show you
what I mean by strategy once you're in a
big company you can either in network
primarily with people who were not in
your
ethnic group because you might not be in
the majority there or you could not
network and just stick with stick with
your friends one of these will lead to
success one of those won't again
oversimplifying there are lots of
variables but one of them looks like a
strategy and one of them doesn't now
let's say you say to yourself
yeah but the world is unfair you know I
need to fix the unfairness in the world
that's you know I know I don't just want
to get a job you know I'd like a job too
but I want to fix it in equality what's
a good strategy for doing it get a job
the best way you can fix inequality is
by doing a good job now it takes a while
but you will develop you know your own
resources you'll have money you can then
hire people yourself you can be
influential you can make a difference
but first you got to get a job make some
money you know bake do some networking
gain some power alright
so it's going to take a while to get rid
of the the victim stuff because there
there are real constraints in the world
that do victimize real people but this
is another this is another example of
separating the problem from the solution
right the problem might be slavery you
know the legacy of slavery the problem
might be white people the problem might
be racist the problem might be be any
number of things but the solution can be
completely unrelated to the problem all
right so let's say if the problem is
white people and racists they're not the
ones who are going to solve the problem
they're the cause of the problem so
forget about them just go to where your
strategic and you have a solution build
a good life raise a good family create
assets create power gives you political
power you can donate to causes
you become a more capable powerful
person if you have a strategy now I've
suggested that strategy should be a
course taught in school I believe that
there is I don't know if this word quite
fits and if it doesn't it's even better
because it's more provocative that way
but when you talk about let's say
institutional racism that that plays out
in all kinds of subtle ways that people
probably disagree about what's in and
what's not in the definition I'm gonna
invite Hawk Medusa back on soon to talk
about that very topic institutional
racism but it seems to be that if you
are born into a family that let's say is
running a small business you know people
are entrepreneurs and your family you're
picking up a lot of strategy just by
osmosis you're just seeing people do it
seeing people talk about it you're
living maybe you're working for your
uncle or your dad your mother or
something and you're picking up strategy
you you don't think of it that way but
you're absorbing it but there are a lot
of people who let's say they come from a
you know a single-parent household
they're just scraping by they're lucky
their mom or their dad even has a job
they're not seeing anything that looks
like strategy they're just seeing people
just trying to survive you know best
they can in that day strategy would help
some people who just didn't get it
through the environment so I think
strategy should be almost a a beginning
class almost a you know something you
learned in third grade sort of thing ya
know somebody's saying don't blame don't
blame white people for the problems of
black people will blame black people
this is some somebody saying this on the
comments and I'm saying that as soon as
you get into any kind of the blame model
you've lost your strategy so if you stay
in the strategy level you've got some
places something to work with I think
this is also pretty compatible with what
Kanye saying he's saying two thing
differently well this is one way to
think differently it's not necessarily
the only way but it's an example of
moving from a less productive mindset to
a more productive one what's your
strategy all right that's all I wanted
to add to this for today so don't
identify the causation somebody's saying
I think it's good and useful to identify
the source of problems because in many
cases that will help you with a solution
but in the case of let's say racism it's
just a lot of things and it's baked into
the you know the institutional racism
and everybody's seeing it differently
you see eonni
I see Laurel and none of that helps you
too much compared to just having a good
strategy if you have a good strategy a
lot of that noise is not going to matter
to you it might matter to other people
who have bad strategies so separate the
problem from the solution the solution
can be the thing you do the problem can
be just somebody else doing something
they shouldn't have done but you can't
change that can't change the past can't
change other people too much but you can
certainly change your own strategy all
right
did you save good stuff for the end of
this periscope alright I'll give you one
little easter egg at the end here I just
tweeted that apparently the the
Intelligence Agency or intelligence
heads at in Great Britain have issued a
denial that they were involved in
wiretapping president Trump's campaign
and as I noted in my tweet that I just
did before this when you see these oddly
specific denials you can usually read
them as an admission of guilt not always
you could be wrong but when you tell
when when you deny things in an oddly
specific way when it would be very easy
to just deny everything in in a clearer
way it's usually a tell for deceit so
for example if Great Britain wanted to
say that they had they had done nothing
in this area they could have said
something like you know we want to be
very clear we had no involvement with
the election and we did not do any
surveillance and we were not involved
with any surveillance either directly or
indirectly nor did we help anybody to
surveil the the Trump administration
that's a frickin denial
now that could still be a lie but that's
what an honest denial at least looks
like a dishonest denial says it's that
in fact they didn't even deny it they
didn't use denied words they said it's
nonsense and ridiculous that we would
wiretap the Trump campaign it's nonsense
and ridiculous that we would do that one
specific thing that is even the wrong
word to describe it and very very
narrowly defined looks like an admission
of guilt to me
I'm gonna say as many times as I need to
say this the fact that it looks to me
and a lot of you exactly like Great
Britain and Brennan and some of the deep
state people colluded to you know change
the government in the United States in
some way just because it looks exactly
like that that actually doesn't mean
it's true
sometimes you know it walks like a duck
and quacks like a duck and it's it's oh
it's a robot duck you know somebody
built a little robot that walks and
talks like a duck so the fact that it
looks exactly like that's what happened
does not mean that it happened however
you know there at some point the weight
of the weight of evidence might tip us
one way or the other but when you see
Great Britain issue the worst totally
non credible denial you've ever seen you
have to put that on one side of the the
evidence but it doesn't prove anything
sometimes people just word things
inappropriately all right so just
looking at your comments for a moment
all right I think that's all I've got
for today and I'm signing out for now
and I'll talk to you later