yes all right I want to give you a
little persuasion on nuclear energy I
give you give you a quick lesson on it I
save this the end so I might I might
edit this part out and make it a special
little part on nuclear energy so I'm
going to act as though I'm starting a
new periscope even though I'm in the
middle of a periscope because I might
edit this part out and making its own
thing okay I'd like to talk about
persuasion in the service of nuclear
energy trying to get the country to
understand that nuclear energy is a
practical and safe and probably the only
solution for climate change if you're
worried about it and if you're not
worried about climate change it's still
something you should do because it's
good for the world it's good for poor
people that lowers the cost of energy
etc so I think we should drink to that
pick up your mug have a sip now I'm
gonna give you some tips because I sent
out a tweet in which I tweeted a little
spreadsheet and if you go to my Twitter
feeds got Adam says and you look at the
pin tweet you can follow along if you
have another device to watch this on
otherwise I'll give you the high points
here so the idea was that I was trying
to figure out the easiest way to
convince the population of the United
States maybe the world but focusing in
the United States getting them to
understand the question of nuclear
energy what's the risk what's the payoff
what's good what's bad because it's a
real complicated thing and people who
try to tiptoe into it will get
overwhelmed with details and I thought
to myself what I'm good at
is simplifying I used to do this for a
living make presentations about
complicated things and try to simplify
them so decision-makers know the key
variables I'm going to do that for you
but basically I showed a chart that
showed the generations generation one
two three and four of nuclear I showed
how many plants have been built I showed
how many people have died from accidents
and you can see the generation of one
was terrible you see the generation two
killed a bunch of people but only with
one accident and it was the Chernobyl
plant which as it turns down you would
never build a plant like that and none
of the other generation tears had any
deaths
so even generation two had exactly one
one death creating event and nobody
would ever build a plant like that even
even if they were building a generation
to plant today they wouldn't build it
like Chernobyl they wouldn't run it by
true Nobel that's that was an outlier
remember that's just generation to
generation three is what people would
build if they started today so far there
are zero deaths from generation three
plants but there aren't as many of them
and that's part of the current part of
the context and then generation four is
under development in Russia and China in
particular and that design would get you
down to not even possible to have a big
meltdown event so that technology would
make it impossible even safer but I want
to show you so so the spreadsheet is
pinned to my Twitter feed at the top so
if you go to Socata adam says it's the
top tweet and you can see the details
there but i want to tell you what
persuasion methods i used because i know
a lot of you watch for that right the
first persuasion method I used was on
myself to do this this is one of the
most important persuasion techniques
you'll ever hear in your life when I
thought about putting this together I
said oh my god that's gonna be a lot of
work I have so many other things to do
that I want to do how am I ever gonna
create this simplified chart
to help people understand nuclear energy
and so I did what I recommend that you
do when you find yourself in this that's
too hard how do I get started I just got
started I did the bad version if you
can't convince yourself to do something
that's big and hard and you want it to
do to do it right you're right your
alternative is to don't start you know
don't do anything or put in more energy
than you want to don't do either those
things instead find the smallest thing
you're willing to do and then do it even
if the smallest thing you're willing to
do is to send somebody an email and say
hey do you have some information once
you start with the smallest thing the
next day you can say well I'll do one
more small thing you you eventually find
that you get yourself a little bit
pregnant and you create some momentum
simply by starting small so I write more
about this in my upcoming book lose you
think but the best persuasion you'll
ever give yourself is start small and do
the first little thing that you can do
don't imagine the whole thing that you
have to do alright so when you look at
my chart that I just told you I put on
Twitter you will notice it doesn't look
very good then it's not pretty
that's okay because people in the
comments are saying hey this number
should have an asterisk on it you should
include this fact add this little
context that's great
they're telling me how to improve it if
you want advice on how to do something
right first do it wrong works every time
if you want free advice on how to do
something right do it wrong in public I
do this all the time you have to learn
to have no shame that's part of the
process but look at all the free advice
isn't getting look at the comments on
that now this is an iterative process
all persuasion is if you do it right if
you don't understand this next point
everything else I tell you is useless
almost right the next point is the
important point remember this one even
if you forget all the other points
it's about iteration nobody is smart
enough to know on the first try how to
be the most persuasive you try something
as I did you see how people react you
fix it you try again you see how people
react you fix it you try again
persuasion is an iterative process if
you're not thinking of it that way
you're not doing it right doesn't matter
what else you do if you're not thinking
of it as a in evolution where you get
smarter and smarter based on the
feedback you're just not doing it right
here are the things that are included in
my tweet persuasion that you can seep
into my Twitter feed on nuclear
persuasion you can see that iteration
that I just mentioned is important
people will look at that and they'll say
for example hey maybe you should have
given it a blue background maybe you
shouldn't be formatted this way
maybe you should simplified maybe you
should add a little bit so it will
probably improve over time and as it
does I'll retweet it it it's it's visual
as it exists because I pasted a
spreadsheet into my tweet a tweet
without a visual gets far less traffic
so if you're trying to persuade people
with a tweet put a picture there the
current picture is a terrible picture
it's not attractive it's just a
spreadsheet and it still works
because it takes up more real estate it
tells you there's something more
important because there's a picture it
draws people in but it could be much
better and it would iterate to a better
picture you want to keep people's
attention so it's not good enough that I
get them to look at the spreadsheet I've
got to keep them there and spending time
there the more time they spend grab you
know grappling with the data even if the
reason that I keep them there is that
they're trying to understand it whatever
the reason if I can keep them on there
more time they spend thinking about it
the more important they will imagine it
and the more they will remember it so
getting people to pay attention to it as
important so I could have made my
spreadsheets simpler and then people
would have spent less time on it I could
have made it more complicated and then
people would be discouraged from
spending time on it the sweet spot is
that people say hey that looks simple
enough that I could get the idea and
then they they look at it and go oh I
get the idea but I still kind of want to
look at some other stuff here there's
enough there to keep them interested for
half a minute which is way better than
keeping them interested for 10 seconds
so the level of complexity is part of
your persuasion you want a little bit to
keep them there but not too simple you
want repetition and you'll see that if
people retweet it people will start
seeing this same presentation more and
more the more they see it the better
simplicity as I mentioned it's got to be
simple enough for people to read it and
get the basic idea
and then those people go forth as
advocates because they're now armed with
some good context so they can now talk
about this topic in a way that they
couldn't before so I keep it simple so
that the message can travel it can
spread into more brains come out of more
mouths it's automatically more viral if
it's simple but not too simple contrast
is the primary persuasion tool that I
use I first contrast generation 1 to 2
to 3 to 4 so the first message is if you
don't understand that the current
nuclear technology is completely
different from the early generations
you're not up to you're not up to speed
all right so so I contrast not only
generations of nuclear so you can see
the new stuff is good I also contrast it
to other ways that people die so if you
see that
you dozen people dying or one person
dying from nuclear you compare that to
how many people died on bicycles how
many died and drowning in pools how many
died from automobile accidents most of
the accidental deaths are big numbers
you know bicycles I think are 2,500 a
year 2500 people a year die on bicycles
the most the most that nuclear the
biggest nuclear disaster was 39 people
and that was Chernobyl and we would
never build one like that again all
right
and even Fukushima the people who died
were escaping it and they didn't die
from the explosion itself all right the
other persuasion is I started in my
tweet I said that there's bipartisan
support now when you tell people that
there's wide bipartisan support you're
saying other smart people think this is
a good idea and that and that's a that's
a good thing so if people think everyone
else agrees it biases them toward
thinking well maybe I should agree
everybody's on this team I also called
it bipartisan support so the people who
were team players and would never cross
to agree with the other team can still
like this because their team likes it so
it was very important to say your team
likes this because people may not go
beyond that for at least 80 percent of
the country if you say hey Democrats
like this the Democrats will say well
then I like it it's same with
Republicans you just tell them that
their team likes it and suddenly they
like it there's been plenty of studies
to suggest that's true
so tell people their team likes it
because it's true not not the entire
team but even a overseas said she's open
to to nuclear if you have small errors
and I put errors in quotes because maybe
an imperfection is not exactly an error
maybe something you could have clarified
it's not exactly an error just something
you could have done better but if
some imperfections in your presentation
people will spend more time engaging if
those imperfections are not core to your
message you actually improve your
persuasion by having errors this is
something that the president does to
perfection he will say something that's
not quite exactly true maybe there's a
fact check that you you question and by
spending time questioning the small fact
you spend more time with the main
message and that's the win you want
people to spend more time with a main
message even if they're debating some
trivial part of it so that's good
intentional small errors now there are
no intentional small errors in my graph
that I put together but I am smart
enough to know because I've done this
sort of thing enough for long enough
that there must be small imperfections
things that people will disagree with so
I didn't engineer it in but I knew it
was there and it's part of the
persuasion I tell people indirectly I
suggest that people who have seen this
tweet read the chart and now have
learned to understand with the nuclear
opportunity I make sure that they
believe that they're the smart ones
because if you tell people hey look at
this in 30 seconds you're gonna be
smarter about a major topic people like
that people like to feel smart that's
that's a real draw so I give them an
opportunity to feel smart
that's good persuasion the hero
opportunity this is very important to
making something viral the reason I put
it all in a tweet is this is the hope
that other people would would tweet it
so in order to be tweetable it's helpful
to create the hero opportunity the hero
opportunity is for those of you who read
my tweets you say to yourself hey if I
retweet this or send it to somebody I
think could use it I'm making the world
a better place I'm actually improving
the world and the person who receives
this will probably thank me because I
have cleared up this whole nuclear
energy opportunity
in the way that they've never seen
before so I could be a hero in a small
way but everybody likes that who doesn't
like being being a hero and that I also
said it was a no-brainer to consider
nuclear now when you say it's a
no-brainer you remove people from the
critical thinking process so it's a
little bit unfair but it's also true in
other words I'm not lying it is sort of
a no-brainer once you see the you don't
see the facts laid out I would say that
that's why a OSI can agree with you know
the most Republican Republican the
reason that they can come to the same
conclusion is because this is a
no-brainer
the only people were disagreeing are the
people who haven't quite come up to
speed with the fact that the newer
technologies are as good as they are now
thank you to mark Schneider who is at at
sub schreiter SCH and Eydie ER for his
for his information to help me build
this and you should follow him on
Twitter if you're not already now also I
would say to mark Schneider you should
use interface by when table my startup
to add a link on your web page that
people can contact you directly from
that link and it will open up the
interface by when hub app that my
company makes and you could have a
direct video call with Mark were
scheduled one because that same link
would let you schedule one and he can he
can help you out with some persuasion
he's already on the app but I noticed
that his web page did not take the link
that we provide and put it on the page
so that somebody can contact him to
schedule a phone call and if you have
any kind of webpage that you would like
to do the same go to when hub com if
you've already signed up to be
to be an expert on the interface by one
hub app so there are two things you need
the app the mobile app that works on any
mobile device so if you have that it's
free but you also want to go to the web
hub comm page search for yourself and
that will give you the the link that you
can put on your web page just just add
the link and people can automatically be
directed to a schedule or to catch you
live if you happen to be live on the
interface app and they can talk to you
in person without exchanging any
personal information so that's all for
now and I will talk to you all later