[Music]
hey everybody come on in here coming to
you with my headset on because I'm going
to be taking some audience questions
soon as everybody gets in here but you
know there's something that's far more
important than audience
questions it's called the simultaneous
sep and if you've got a cup a mug a
tanker to chalice a thermos a
Stein put your favorite liquid in there
I like coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous
CP ah I'd like to begin by reading a
passage from one of my books uh which is
a bestselling New York Times
bestseller and I just got I just got a
fresh
copy um now I don't speak this language
this is a this is
translated uh so it's a translated title
of one of my books but I'd like to read
you just a little bit
from Jac
perses um again I said I don't I don't
know the language but I think I can work
through it pretty well so if anybody
speaks speak this language you'll
understand this
perfectly pretty good you have to admit
so if you speak whatever language this
is you can buy this
book Czechoslovakian Slovak or whatever
the language is there something like
that all right I watched
uh I watched the special uh leaving
Neverland last night now I saw part one
which I which I think is going to give
me everything that I really need how
many of you have seen that uh that
special leaving
Neverland let me tell
you so so there's I heard there was this
uh documentary that a couple of people
who were adults now were were allegedly
going to accuse Michael Jackson of um
child abuse of them and I thought to
myself how interesting could this be
right it's going to be H we spent some
time with him he did some bad things to
us it's going to be not that interesting
well the first thing you need to know is
that the story
itself is really really interesting you
know even independent of the child abuse
part just the documentary is really
really
interesting I'm not going to ruin it for
you but the the lives of the two
children who are the adults talking
about it in the documentary just their
lives
alone amazing it's a really good story
now here's the thing I watched it with a
slightly open mind in the sense that I'd
watched a a Critic of the documentary
before I watched the documentary so I
saw somebody who was saying it's all Bs
everybody's lying blah blah so I saw
that first and my uh my impression was
that the critic was pretty credible it
was pretty
credible if somebody says it sounds
boring it does sound boring but you will
be really surprised there's there's way
more depth to the whole situation than I
imagined it's it's a fascinating story
really um it's horrible
and fascinating but the horrible Parts
even even if you didn't count the sexual
abuse you could take that out of the
story and the whole thing would stand up
as one of the best things you've ever
seen that's that's how that's how good
it is
um but so I watch the thing and I'll
tell you my impression my impression is
oh this is very credible when you listen
to the the two people tell their story
uh as soon as it was done I said to
myself well okay there's no no more
doubt you know all all doubt on this
issue is now removed this is as clearcut
as you could possibly be the very first
person I talked to who also watched it
said nah they're
lying what it it was a fascinating two
World kind of situation now remember we
do live in a world in which something
that is totally convincing to one person
in this case convincing to
me might not be true it's it's entirely
possible it's not true I would just be
really really
surprised so watch it you have to watch
it
um so maniford only gets 47
months uh I keep trying to be interested
in Paul maniford but I can't get there
are you having that problem too you know
Paul manfor should be interesting
because he's in the news and it's a
little bit
interesting but not really because it's
not really enough about President Trump
and he committed some crimes he got
caught he's being punished I don't know
um but I thought it was interesting that
it got turned into a no collusion story
because the judge apparently said there
was no collusion and then the president
getss to repeat that and and send his
message around
um so the funniest story from yesterday
is that the house was started out voting
on or they wanted to vote on a
resolution condemning representative
Omar for her alleged
anti-semitic comments I'll say alleged
because Nancy Pelosi says that
representative Omar didn't know what she
was saying and didn't know that her
words would be taken as
anti-semitic now that's hard to believe
but it falls into the category of things
which I've seen other people interpret
the wrong way in other words we often
see people say the way you're saying
that you must be ar racist how often
have we seen that somebody saying about
somebody else you're not you're not
saying exactly racist stuff but the way
you word it seems like a a clear you
know racist whistle so we see this a lot
and I'm not convinced it's always
true sometimes it's just the way people
talk and uh so I'll just I'll still say
alleged at the same time it looks
anti-semitic to me I that's that's my
impression of it but hey I could be
wrong um
so the funniest thing about it is they
start out with shall we have a
resolution condemning representative
Omar and then it turns into well let's
make it all hate we don't want to zero
in on one person what about all this
other hate why why are we only
condemning one kind of hate let's get
condemn all kinds of hate and apparently
they managed to turn a story about
representative Omar saying something
anti-semitic into by the time it was
written
it was implying that the president was
racist so they changed it that by the
time they were done rewriting it in
committee it turned from a
representative Omar uh rebuke into a
president Trump
rebuke now if you can be more worthless
than that and that you know just became
this generic thing about hate but they
had to put in some Clauses that made you
think of of President Trump if you could
be more worthless than that I I don't
know how I mean I don't know how you
could possibly do
that another topic I was just watching
uh representative
Jordan uh grilling some border experts
about how many drugs get across the
border and one of the talking points
from the Democrats is that uh most of
the drugs are caught at points of Entry
so the idea is that if the points of
Entry is where you're catching all the
drugs why do you need all this wall in
these other parts because all the drugs
are getting caught at the points of
entry and and it's it's funny when you
hear Jordan representative Jordan uh
counter to that which is uh I'll
summarize it which is so you're saying
that law enforcement only catches drugs
where law enforcement
is so the argument is that it should be
surprising that the only place that law
enforcement catches drugs is where
there's law
enforcement that's the only place that
happens where there's law
enforcement you mean where we don't have
any law enforcement the number of people
that law enforcement catches is low huh
how about that but it gets even funnier
because apparently one of the experts on
the border uh said that if you were to
weigh the amount of drugs that they
catch at the point points of entry and
you were just going to weigh without
respect to what kind of mix of drugs it
is but if you just weigh them uh they've
actually caught more drugs between the
ports of Entry did you know
that think about that if you were to if
you to measure it by pure weight there's
more that they caught PL in the places
they don't even have people to catch
they caught more drugs by weight
maybe not by dollar amount I don't know
how they measure this by weight there
was more caught where we don't even have
people to
catch so if we caught more by weight
where we don't even have people to catch
people doesn't that tell you that there
might be like 10 to one coming through
across the non- walled Parts in instead
of the ports of Entry I mean there's no
way to know right you just be guessing
but the possibility is pretty
wide all right
um let's uh take some questions I see
some people are lining up to ask me some
questions we've got Jacob April and
Shawn looks like Jacob got here first so
we'll call on Jacob and Jacob I'm
gonna ask you to uh Jacob you
there Scott can you hear me J
ask your question yeah well uh I was
wondering about climate change one of
the arguments uh in particular that we
keep hearing is the consensus argument
and uh now my thing was that even if it
was somehow measurable and true that 97%
of scientists agreed that climate change
is causing or is caused for alarm then
it actually still doesn't matter uh I
would argue that consensus has no place
in science because everything that has
been a consensus in the past has also
been wrong I mean you can go just to
nutrition or back as far as Flat Earth
or witches if you
want right well I would say that the
consensus argument is more about the
marketing of the science so the
consensus when they say it's a consensus
they nobody is saying that's how science
should run so nobody makes the argument
that you're debunking what they do say
is if you're the citizens you're not
you're not part of the scientific
Community we're going to make an
argument that you should trust the
science and the argument is look how
many people are on the same side so as a
marketing statement it would be uh it
would be useful if the polling on that
wasn't anything useful in other words if
they asked the right question then the
polling results would be would be um
very useful the question they didn't ask
ask the the question that was asked is
do you think that the warming has to do
with humans basically something like
that are are humans causing more warming
and 97% or something like that say yes
but the trick is so do the the Skeptics
even the Skeptics will agree the CO2
causes warming the difference is how
much and should we worry about it so the
the poll doesn't even ask the question
that is the subject of the national
debate but they ask a different question
and then they try to Market it as the
right question but it's not the right
question so thank you for your question
that was actually a good question I
appreciate that all
right we're going to now take let's see
who else we got
here all right we're going to
add hello hello are you there
hi what what's your question my question
Scot well first I just want to say it's
an honor to talk to you I watch you
every morning with my daughter well
thanks and my question simply is if you
had to pick one other comic strip um
which one is your
favorite oh my favorite comic strip that
isn't my own comic strip um I like
Pearls Before Swine Pearls Before SP
right
on I like uh F minus
um you won't see that as much but that's
a good one Tony Carell um so th those
are two goods those are the ones I'd go
for of the ones that are current and
still running you know if you went back
in time then I'd be looking at Far Side
In Bloom County and Calvin and Hobs and
okay the the oldtimers okay right thank
you thanks talking to you have a great
day all right you
too all right next question will be Shan
Shan Sean
Sean come to us
Sean
hi good what's your
question all right here's my
question when it comes to
2020 what do you think the biggest
obstacle will
be and shifting 5 to 10% of the black
vote over to
Trump well do you think you can help to
be a part of making that happen well
first of all if you believe the polling
that's already
happened so but I don't know if I can
believe the polling when I say that's
already happened I mean that uh Trump's
approval is in the I think the mid to
low 20% or so among the African-American
Community if that's true and if that
influences voting
then it looks like 2020 is already done
because that's all it would take right
um but but I think it's sort of uh a
number of factors that are pushing it in
the right way way you've got the uh
prison reform I think probably has a big
impact I think that the economy has a
big impact um and uh I think uh I think
the scandals on the Democrat side are
having a big impact you know the fact
that all the the blackface stuff was
Democrat stuff um you know and now
representative Omar is being called out
for racism a different kind right her
would be anti-Semitism but it's just
starting to look like there's more
racism more problems on one side than on
the Republican side so my guess is that
it's already done well I thinking about
what you just said I mean I'm Jewish I'm
not like practicing or whatever but I'm
Jewish
and I have a feeling a lot of Jews are
going to leave the Democrat Party after
they could not denounce anti-Semitism
yesterday could be yeah feel they're
gonna lose a whole lot of those votes
yeah I anyway thank you for your time
sir have a nice day continue on all
right you too now yeah I I wouldn't be
surprised if the the mere existence of
Representative Omar takes I don't know
20% of the Jewish American vote at least
away from the Democrats yeah I I would
feel that that would be a minimum
because you know there's some there's
some sort of you know lines in the sand
let me put it this way if I were if I
were
Jewish and I watched the way the
Democrats handle this representative
Omar stuff there's no way in hell I
would ever vote for that party again did
does that sound about how you're
thinking oh yeah they they destroyed
themselves yesterday and they showed
that they really especially with what
cliver said when he said that Omar's
pain was more recent than the Holocaust
pain so she has a right to say what she
wants holy that was rather unbelievably
jaw-dropping yeah I didn't see that
reported so it didn't look at what rep
cln said he's number three in the house
and he literally said that
paraphrasing but he brought up the
Holocaust and that her pain was more
recent and that she had a right to feel
the way that she
feels yeah then that's jawdropping and
then apparently David Duke came out in
favor of Representative
Omar which what do they have in
common so all right I'm gonna take
another caller thank than have a good
day too
all right let's take uh let's see who
else we got
here let's take
Tom Tom you
are Tom you're going live talk to us
Tom hey Tom do you have a
question hi hello I can hear you yes so
so yeah um I'm hello hello I'm gonna can
you can you he okay I'm I'm going to
Echo what the previous caller had said
just when the whole black lives matters
thing happened and you had that
Periscope and you said what's the deal
what's the big deal with this and nobody
got the answer and you said that hey
people who are African-American think
that their lives don't matter and that's
why they're saying that and I thought
how does that make any sense but then
when I saw what happened yesterday in
the house and that watered down
resolution and it went to generic for
everybody I was like holy
I get it now I totally
understand
that's yeah I guess my my my first my my
question really
is with the whole uh nice people on both
sides hoax what's the most effective way
to talk to people about it well here's
what I was thinking of doing i' I'd say
to them they say listen I'm GNA tell you
something that is going to sound
shocking and you're going to probably
experience cognitive dissonance and then
tell them that the president didn't say
nice people on both sides with with the
tiki torches and then show them the
actual quote because if I remember what
you said before if you talk to somebody
about if you predict what they're going
to feel and think and then they actually
feel it and think it you have instant
credibility with them and and to me this
seems like it's ultimate cognitive
distance so preparing somebody for it
would help them get through it what do
you think about that yes that's that's
pretty close to exactly the way I would
do it so the uh the setup here is that
um most people who were anti- Trump
believe the news the fake news that he
once called uh racist fine people at
Charlottesville now the real story is he
was talking about both sides of the
statue issue have some fine people he
was not talking about the actual
marching racist the way it was reported
illegitimately so uh and as you said one
of the techniques
of persuasion is if you tell somebody
what they're going to think um as
they're thinking it or or before they
think it you form a little Bond so if I
were to say to you I know some of you
are wishing I you know I we doing
something differently today now if that
were true those of you who are thinking
that would say I was just thinking that
I was just thinking you should do
something differently uh you form a
little Bond and that's a little
persuasion trick so to your point yes if
you said to somebody look I'm going to
blow your mind I'm going to tell you
something that you are positive is true
you're positive it's a fact you could
not possibly be wrong about this and
it's something key to your total
understanding of this President and I'm
going to show you right in front of you
that you were that you were fooled you
know do you want to do this experiment
with me so usually you get people at
least play along now the first time you
show them your evidence they're they're
going to say it's wrong they're going to
say it's out of context they're going to
say what could you possibly mean so
you're not going to get the win on the
first presentation of the facts you're
going to have to work on a little bit
make sure that they really know you've
presented it right you show the right
context Etc but my experience is and
I've been doing this for the last few
days is that um the people have sort of
a a moment when they realize they've
been had and another thing I like to say
is it's not going to feel good to you
when you realize that you've been duped
by your own side because that's what's
happened so you so the framework you set
up is is that it's not you against the
person you're talking to you say look
I'm on your side the people you think
are your on your side have screwed you
terribly because they've given you fake
news and I'm going to show you how so
I'm here to help the people who you
think are on your side or your enemies
and now here's the proof
they told you this here's the actual
quote from the president there you go so
yes that's a good technique um probably
it's probably not a kill shot in the
sense that it works every time on every
person in the same way but it's it's a
productive way I'm I'm going to take
another call thank you thank you Tom
appreciate
it all right who else we got here well I
I cannot resist taking a call from Carpe
carpet dunum coming
up the meme the meme
Meister the president Trump's favorite
meme maker Carpe you there yeah I'm here
what's up Scott hey how you doing I'm
going pretty good did you have a
question or a com yeah I do um my my
question is uh we all saw the the energy
behind the latest
uh oh Bernie Sanders
rally do do you think that he has enough
energy behind him that he can actually
become the nominee this time or do you
think he's too
old um I think what's going to happen is
that the people with and this is sort of
a standard analysis everybody saying
this the name recognition is driving the
polls at this point for the Democratic
uh candidates for president and as soon
as the public sees more
of white guys uh I think they'll pick
they'll pick Cala or or somebody else so
Cala Harris is is my prediction right um
but here's the thing if if they go ahead
and pick the candidate that has the
highest polling numbers now and let's
say it's either Bernie or or Biden they
can't win because those two people are
not going to bring people to the polls
right there I I think their entire
set up as being um you know about
identity politics and about really
frankly being younger you know there
there should be you know when you've got
the aoc's ETC and the all the the
freshmen coming into the house they're
they're trying to move toward this
younger more more inclusive less old
white guy mode and I just don't know it
would excite the base enough and and
everything's going to be about turnout
you know nobody really going to be
convincing the other side much there's
not you not much of that really happens
but will they show up yeah seems like a
num game yeah well they show up for an
old white guy who doesn't agree with AOC
because that that's what they need so so
I think it's a problem I would say that
the if you were to poll things right now
they're probably a couple of different
candidates who would beat the president
in a hypothetical match if we're held
right today but I think by the time you
get to
2020 if if all the variables keep going
the way they're going it's just going to
be pretty commanding win but uh for
reelection that's what I think all right
that was your question y that's it thank
you all right thank
you let's go
to
Thomas Thomas Thomas Thomas come to us
Thomas ask you a question
good how are you what what is your
question well I'm being driven Crazy
by what I believe is the truth about the
Muller probe which is that if Hillary
would have been elected there never
would have been a probe and I just can't
figure out why the media or the Press
never talked about that and if you don't
if you never cared enough to even
investigate what have H what would have
happened if Hillary would have won then
well we don't know that you square that
Circle for me yeah well the problem is
that we don't know that so you're
starting with a an assumption which is
not in evidence which is that if Hillary
had won there would be no uh Trump
investigation now we don't know that but
uh but we do know that it would be less
important because he wouldn't be
president so he he could not have any
ongoing influence Etc so if you notice
that there doesn't seem to be much
energy to investigate Hillary Clinton
and the reason is because she didn't win
so it's not that there isn't stuff there
that you could look at with Hillary it's
just uh it may not be the best thing for
the country to do an autopsy on the
loser for president because first of all
they lost and second of all it look it
looks like the whoever won is punishing
the loser by you know being in charge of
the investigation so it's a bad look to
investigate the loser that that's a bad
look you know you don't want to live in
a country where whoever loses for
president is also going to go to jail
that's that's a terrible precedent so
believe it or not I'm actually in favor
of not going after Hillary unless
there's something that's really really
really solid because you just don't want
to start the the loser Goes to Jail
that's just no way to run a country all
right thank you for that
question thanks Scott
bye all right next question is going to
be uh looking at all my options here
let's go to Alex who is up
first
Alex can you hear me
Alex Alex you have a question yes I do
um I had a couple questions but two two
small ones two small ones but first of
all I just want to thank you because
like you're the highlight of my day
every morning
so thank you but um one quick question
is about embarrassment I've heard you
talk about how you don't feel it but is
there any particular exercises or things
that you can do uh just little things
that perhaps you can Implement within
your daily routine perhaps that would
get you up to the level of feeling a lot
less embarrassment embarrassed now are
you talking about social anxiety or
embarrassment because they're different
um I would say it would be like when
you're embarrassed let's say like you're
in a store and you feel like you do
something stupid and people are watching
you you're like oh my God this is so
embarrassing well you're in luck
because sorry um the main thing to so
the question is how do you deal with
your propensity for embarrassment how
how do you make yourself a person who is
less
embarrassed um less often and I was very
much in that situation I'm I'm a blusher
you know I blush when I'm embarrassed
and I and I blush easily so I had a sort
of a double whammy internally I would
feel you know embarrassed or shy but I
would also blush which would make me
more embarrassed and shy so I took the
Dale Carnegie course and what they do in
the course you could do outside of the
course which is you put yourself in
embarrassing situations
intentionally but they are lowrisk ones
in the context of the class uh each
person got up and and would do a a real
hokey play uh like they were pretending
to be a character but they weren't very
good at it so they would embarrass
themselves in front of the small class
and then they would sit down and and the
teacher would say all right so are you
still alive you know do you feel any
different can you still eat you know
does your body feel okay and people
would be like huh I just embarrassed
myself and literally nothing happened
there were no consequences and in fact
nobody's even going to remember tomorrow
if you ask me to remember specifically
all of the people in my class who
embarrassed my themselves that day I
didn't remember them by the time I got
home so the first thing you want to
remember is that people don't care about
you that much now I don't mean that in a
bad e away I mean literally people just
don't care about other people too much
so the first thing you should remind
yourself is that people are in their own
little bubble they care a lot about what
you think of them think about that
people care about what you think of them
but they don't care much about
you you know they they're not thinking
about you they're not thinking about
your problems except how it affects them
and best example was uh years ago I got
some laser um what would you call it I I
had a laser remove some spider veins on
my face many years ago and it leaves you
with a face that looks like it went
through a windshield so it looks like
you had a bad car accident your face is
all black and blue for several weeks
and uh I didn't want to go out in public
because I thought everybody'd look at me
and I'd be all embarrassed but about a
week into it I was so sick of being at
home and I had another week or two of
these bruises I just said well heck with
it I'm just going to go out and I'll
I'll deal with the fact that everybody's
going to be looking at me and I go out
and I go to the mall hundreds and
hundreds of people walking by and I'm
waiting for people to like stare at me
because I look like a freak and my
experience was nobody cared nobody cared
I think people noted it you know they
probably looked by and said huh guy with
bruise on faces nobody cared and it took
me about a minute and a half to
completely forget that I was walking
around like I just had a major accident
because nobody cared nobody cared and it
was it was a valuable lesson that's very
now the other thing so so I would say
you want to put yourself in positions
where you're in front of other people
and failing in in small ways and so that
you just get used to it so it's like a
muscle you need to build up you need to
build up your daily basis let's say I'm
going to the store today or if I'm gonna
go to the gym
there's certain activity that you would
say you know what just do this like lay
down in public and do something that is
very you kind ofly or whatever but maybe
it'll help you out with that I'm just
wondering what I could recommend to
somebody who who deals with
this yeah I'll tell here's one um so
you're often let's say you're often in
public you could be in airports you
could be in stores and stuff like this
one of the ones I like to do is is just
the stretch where you just stretch
yourself out you know some call it the
victory pose but you just open your
yourself up you
go like this now if you do that in
public everybody looks but you're doing
two things you're embarrassing yourself
you know a little bit in in a very
lowrisk way in public you're putting
yourself out there you're making sure
everybody's looking at you you're doing
something a little bit weird but first
of all they don't care that's the first
thing they don't care and secondly
nothing happens to you and and then
thirdly when you open yourself up and
you take take a deep breath and you you
open up your chest and your arms it
actually makes you feel more comfortable
so um yeah in small ways uh I'd say that
you could practice that in public the
other thing that I like to do is be the
um let's say the I don't want to say the
aggressor the one who takes initiative
in the social situation so if you're
likely to be embarrassed or likely to be
shy and you walk into let's say a store
and you're going to deal with a Cas here
and there are other people around you
would that be an embarrassing situation
in in the context of your question you
know there people around you're doing a
transaction does that sound embarrassing
oh I think we lost the caller um but the
point is instead of being the person who
is talked to you could control the the
situation so instead of waiting for
somebody to say you know are you paying
my credit card or whatever you just say
hey how's it going how's your day going
and you take the you take the assertive
side but you pretend in other words you
take the role of an actor and you're in
public and there are people around and
you say wow what a hot day it is today
or whatever you're saying it doesn't
matter what you say but you take the
actor's assertive role and it takes you
out of the I'm the embarrassed one and
and it puts you into well I'm
controlling this situation this all all
this situation is going to go the way I
make it go I'm going to ask a question
somebody's going to have to answer my
question I now control the situation all
right so those are some tips let's take
another caller Dan Newman you are coming
at
us Dan Dan
Dan come at us please Dan are you
there hi what is your question Dan uh my
question is about
AOC um we have lots of examples of
celebrities who um may not be the
brightest but um they're kind of young
and sexy and glamorous and they're
famous for that reason um so why do you
assume AOC is persuasive rather than
just falling into this category of just
people who are famous who have you know
are have sex appeal
Etc well those are things which help her
but there are lots of people who have
those things who are not AOC so there
are plenty of people who can have the
minimum requirement which is is well you
look good on TV and you know you're
young you got some energy those are the
easy things but you wouldn't be talking
about those people and in fact we're not
the only person we're talking about
based on your question is AOC so the
first tell that somebody is persuasive
is somebody says to me why do you say
they're so
persuasive and I say why do you care the
fact that you cared enough to ask the
question is the answer to the question
yes they are persuasive because they
they got your attention now beyond that
I think she uses techniques which come
right out of the president Trump
playbook for persuasion she she says
provocative things on a regular basis
she says things that are just outside of
what you expect what you feel is
appropriate what is maybe going a little
too far and there's this narrow zone
between being boring and ordinary where
most politicians are and you don't even
know their names I mean there are people
who have been in the Senate for you know
decades and you don't even know their
names but she goes in that little
dangerous box that's not so dangerous
she's going to you know lose everything
but dangerous enough that you can't look
away so that's a that's a a trump
Playbook thing you know every every
tweet from Trump is just a little too
far A little more provocative that you
want but not so much he's going to get
impeached over it one quick follow and
she also yeah go ahead uh do you
consider celebrities like Justin Bieber
and Kim Kardashian who have these
massive Twitter followings to be
persuasive uh I'm going to make a big
difference between Kim Kardashian and uh
Justin Bieber Justin's a young guy and
I'm sure he's uh he's very bright in
terms of his his musical stuff so as a
musician and as an artist he's a genius
in other ways we don't have evidence
that he's he's clever in other domains I
don't know if is I it might turn out he
is but we don't have any evidence of
that Kim Kardashian is probably one of
the most
underrated brilliant business people of
all time that the there there's nothing
about her success that's a freaking
accident you know she she has that that
thing that X Factor that you know thing
that makes her interesting in general
but she's also made how many different
fortunes you know she's navigating this
entire Empire she's caused you know
other members of her family to be super
wealthy uh she's the real deal so I
wouldn't I wouldn't compare Kim
Kardashian to
celebrities that would be a little like
comparing Kane to just a celebrity that
both of them have extra gears so I just
I wouldn't accept putting them in the
celebrity bundle they're more in the
entrepreneur Creator artist change the
world X Factor special category you know
so I don't know if that answers your
question but I I wouldn't treat them
together what was the question I think I
lost the question it the question was
just how you distinguish and you
answered it all right thank you okay
thank
you all right uh looks like Nuke city is
coming to
us nuke City
speak to me duuk
City yes hi do you have a
question like your comment on uh or your
um on the global warming Theory uh what
I and you can correct me if I say this
incor wrong but I believe that if the US
contribution to global warming was set
to zero in other words we we stopped all
uses of uh the um fossil fuel
godamn according to the ipcc the the
effect to the universe I mean excuse me
to to our well the temperatures would
only be 0.2 degrees Fahrenheit okay that
order over over a tenure Factor so
doesn't that sort of negate the whole
argument about our our contribution and
what we should be doing if it's only 0.2
degrees um no it does not so let's let's
take let's take as a given uh just for
the point the purpose of this question
let's say that there there is a big
global warming climate change risk and
so the question is even if the United
States did everything it could do it
wouldn't make any difference to the
whole world because we're such a small
part of it and we're not the main
polluters and by the way our CO2 is
reducing uh it's mostly China and India
is that is the question so it's a yes no
if the United States went let's say
Manhattan Project and we said we're
going to we're going to use the new
generation 4 safe nuclear reactors we're
going to they're you know they're
relatively not relatively they're
they're meltdown proof and they eat
nuclear waste for fuel and we're going
to just reiterate until we've got this
and we're just going to start pouring
these gen 4S out there same model so
that we save save money with approvals
and save money with design we're just
going to like blanket these things all
over the country what would happen is it
would create a product and an industry
which is um these these kit-like well
let's say uh TurnKey solutions for
nuclear that would be available to
everybody so in theory as a leadership
country we would drive down the cost we
would prove the economics we would
create experts we would create knowledge
about this so anything that that was a
solution in the United States
automatically becomes a solution
everywhere so the the the spillover
effect I think you could reasonably
expect to be extreme you know if if we
solved our problem with nuclear and
China is sitting over there you know
unable to breathe because they're
putting so much smoke and CO2 and
everything else in the air with their
bad technology they're going to follow
us and they're going to do it very
quickly now here's the uh here's the
punchline the punchline is I just read
that apparently China is getting quite
aggressive on I think it's Gen 4
Nuclear So the thing that we say the
United States should take some
leadership in you know we should we
should get ahead in these green
technologies maybe these other countries
will do it well guess what China might
be ahead of us already and they may be
recognizing the emergency need oh
somebody's saying thorium reactors in
China that's right so I think they're
they're building I think they've got
some progress in in going uh going live
in not too long with a thorium reactor
if it works then they can start
iterating it tweaking it and then start
rolling it out so it's probably already
true that development and work that
happened in the United States and and
Europe and in other countries probably
is already helping China do what they're
doing and they need to do so given that
the world communicates and is connected
uh I would say yes the argument that the
United States um could make a big push
and it could matter to the the whole
world does make sense here's what
doesn't make sense um if we all turn off
our lights or if we uh if we walk to
work those things will you know reduce
our our pollution maybe and they might
be good for the world and General ways
but just reducing our energy
use would not help China's CO2 problem
so to that part of your question it
depends what you do so if we do if all
we do is you know we recycle better and
we you know turn the heat down to 67
degrees that won't make any difference
to
CO2 not not any real way which is the
point of your question but if we develop
nuclear and that helps other people in
in the general way that I described then
yes it could make a big difference so
all right we'll take another caller
let's go
with
Stephanie Stephanie are you
there I can hear you what is your
question
Stephanie Dr Shiva and I'm sorry I can't
pronounce his last name and I was ready
to I loved how he had many degrees from
MIT and I felt like he was scientist and
what he's going to say is going to be
really
valid and then you know and I believed
what he said about the climate being a
the climate change being kind of a hoax
and how it's become so political and
then I thought okay aha now I'm on to
something because I like you I'm kind of
wavering between both sides so then I
looked up who he was and it sounds like
he's a bit of a politician so then I got
a little bit nervous that he's not that
true
scientist and furthermore I will just
say one other thing so my family went
many in my family went to MIT and we get
the technology review from MIT this
month's issue which has Bill Gates on
the cover is completely it's like their
name dropping climate
change in every article so then when he
said about it being behind all of the
federal grants and whatnot so I kind of
believe that part of it that climent
change is now the new um catch phrase if
you will to get funding and maybe there
the the pure true science is getting
very convoluted it is very complicated
so let me let me address those two
points first of all I I don't think you
should hold it against Dr Shiva that he
has uh more talents than the average
person it is true that he's he has
entered a political you know stage of
his life
but it's but it's after passing through
successful entrepreneurial scientific
you know uh Innovative passing through
all his educational phase he the the
thing that makes him an interesting
guest is that the breath of his
experience is sort of jaw-dropping yeah
which I appreciated yes yeah so it's
it's fair to say that he's he's in a
political mode at the moment but uh I
would say that's just he's adding to his
his his talent stacks so that's part of
why I like him not not why I would
criticize him um and then yes I I think
we would all agree that money influences
science what we don't know is to what
degree that that's the hard part to know
all right thank you Stephanie wait was
it Stephanie yeah yep okay thanks
Stephanie let's
see looking at some of the other names
here just to see if there's
anybody extra fun
let's take first appearance I don't know
who you are
but first appearance are you
there hi do you have a
question Scott it's regarding your most
recent tweet uh about the Democrats uh
refusal to name inar and uh kind of
change from anti-Semitism to just a
broad uh refal of bigotry uh could you
please differentiate that from uh what
the president did refuting all bigotry
instead of specifically naming white
supremacy uh uh fact check uh the
president did specifically uh refute
white supremacist at
Charlottesville he did specifically
refute the KKK and he has specifically
refuted neo-nazis he is
also yes I accept that uh I understand
that he did though receive critic that's
not my criticism right but he did uh
receive criticism for not doing that in
his first speech after the incident
right he was caught off guard you know
sure but uh you know I would feel that
the criticism that you're leving against
the Democrats as this is also their
first response uh you know there's
there's a bit of a parallel so I would
ask you to please differ
um it looks like they were in opposite
directions so correct me if I'm wrong
but but I think you're saying that the
president said generically hate is bad
and then when they pressed them he said
yeah yeah if you're talking about the
neo-nazis they're especially bad so I
think he went from General and then when
they pressed him for details he did he
did disavow the detailed people that
they mentioned it looks like the
Democrats are going in the opposite
direction where the original question
was about Omar and anti-Semitism and
instead of condemning that specifically
they watered it down by making it
generic so the the Democrats went from a
specific thing to watering it down
making it General the president started
with a watered down notion and then when
asked he made it specific as specific as
anybody would want it he he named the
names he disavowed them in clear
language and then people said oh okay
well maybe you should have said that
sooner so they're not quite comparable
they're actually the
reverse um but in both and then the
second difference is the timing meaning
that uh if you had already
watched um people uh shoot themselves in
the foot saying uh what do you mean
black lives matter why can't you say all
lives matter and then you you realize
that that was a trap aha if you said all
lives matter you're denying that black
lives matter and therefore you're racist
so having seen that and then also having
seen the president's problems when as
you noted he he uh disavowed hate but
then he had to you know he had to get
more specific and that caused the
problem why didn't you say it sooner
Etc so given that we have this
background the Democrats should have
seen this trap in a way that maybe you
wouldn't have seen it if we hadn't
fallen into it twice already I mean we
fell into the same a damn trap
twice and they fell into it a third time
so you have to say it's a little worse
if it's the third time just feels like
it to me all right so I think that's
your answer um I appreciate it thank you
that was a good question I like that
question all right Charles coming to us
Charles
Charles are you
there hello you have a
question uh well sort of a comment
question
yeah um okay I I think you um I I buy
the fine people hoax that it's a hoax
but I think that you're focusing a
little too much on that because a lot of
the liberals or leftists who say Trump
is a racist they they'll say oh well
there's a lot of other things that he
said and done that are that make that
are racist and so it's like if you say
that like I told that to someone
recently I said oh you know he didn't
actually say that that white
supremacists are fine people and they
was like oh well there's all these other
things that he said and done so maybe
that's I think a problem with focusing
too much on just that one thing well
well here's so here's the way that that
it should properly be set up I like to
say to people all right you're you're
sure of your opinion you think the
presidents are racist can you give me
your number one best reason and would
you agree that if your number one best
reason turns out to be fake news that
you'll at least consider that you've
been had on the other things now that
still leaves them lots of ammo to go
back to but generally they'll come up
with their first thing and they'll say
all right all right I'll do that how
about that time he took out a full page
black ad saying that there black ad full
page ad in the New York Times whatever
years ago about the Central Park 5 and
there was the uh I guess five black men
who had been accused falsely it turns
out some people believe most people
believe because they were they were
released um and at the same time the
president ran a full PL Jad that they
should be uh uh they should be killed be
they should be uh get the death penalty
even though it turns out they were
innocent so why would he want to give
the death penalty to innocent black men
and the answer is his full page ad
didn't even mention them it wasn't about
them it was the timing was the same
meaning that it was no doubt the trigger
for why the the question of you know
deadly crimes were in the news and
certainly it was a reason that he picked
that time to make this ad but the ad
just talked about crime so most
people why am I fudging on the details
Skippy you're I'll I'll I'll block you
so you don't have to hear the details
um so that story is fake
news can I say one thing though the
Central Park 5 thing he did I think on
Wikipedia at least it says that he did
say in 2014 or 15 he said oh it was a
mistake to equip them so and then that
could be interpreted as racist I mean
Ken Burns said it was racist for example
now I don't that doesn't Pro well why
but uh it would be racist if it's
something you wouldn't say about white
people but that's there's no no reason
to believe that have you seen this
President go easy on white people he
doesn't like you have not he he goes
hard at everybody all the time and he
doesn't like to change his mind on stuff
so you're you're seeing a pattern which
is 100% consistent for all people all
genders all everything but I you're I
get your point um yes it's a it's it's
tough because there's a whack Ando
problem but I I do like to force people
into committing what is their best point
and then uh removing their confidence on
their best point that's usually as far
as you can go in a single conversation
so it might at least just you know
introduce the the concept of doubt it's
probably all you can do in one
interaction um and I think that was your
question thank you
yeah all right let's go
to I want to change it up and let's get
a
let's get feisty on
here feisty you are coming at us can you
hear me
feisty hi do you have a question I want
to ask you if you ever paid your friend
for U erroneously calling gastron aritis
stomach
flu uh I'm sorry uh say it
louder did you ever pay your friend the
bet that they Lo that you lost over call
G write his stomach flute
um I I did not pay because well it
wasn't wasn't a monetary bat but uh so
the Mayo Clinic called
gastroenteritis stomach flu so I I'll
take the Mayo Clinic as my source if
we're going to argue about that um I'm
not a doctor so I have nothing to say
about that I just know that the Mayo
Clinic site parenthetically
said one is sort of the the common
language that people use for
gastroenteritis which probably includes
more stuff so they're not perfect not
perfect uh uh analoges but the the BET
was specifically is there such a thing
as stomach flu and if the Mayo Clinic
says there is such a thing as stomach
flu and it's a phrase I use I claim
victory you can use influenza um and
you're using the word influenza
interchangeably with all of stomach
viruses and that's where the um the
mistake is um stomach flu as opposed to
uh well I I said that there is such a
thing as a stomach flu well I'm already
bored with the topic but okay but I'm
not the expert so I'm not going to die
on that Hill about the definition of a
of a medical term but if uh if I got it
wrong people can check that on Wikipedia
all right thank
you all right let's get another question
that does not have to do with definition
of
words let's go to Stone
Fox and then this will be my last
question Stone Fox are you
there can't believe I'm talking to you
um what is your question I'm yes um I'm
a PhD student and I want to say you
challenge a lot of my thinking but one
problem I have is finding time to write
and as a writer what advice do you have
on you know keeping up and always
improving with writing ah so a writing
question I like these so tips for
writing number one this is the number
one tip is the most important
tip your ability to write will be very
different at different times of the day
now now uh you would find almost
universally true that professional
writers prefer to write either early in
the morning or late at night so they're
either writing you know after midnight
or they're writing before you know 8 A.M
uh which is true in my case as well and
there's something about the way we're
wired our biorhythms who knows what it
is our energy but there are times a day
when you can do it easily and there are
times a day when it's just a struggle
you know when when you in the middle of
the day the afternoon is a terrible time
to
write so that's the first thing is you
should find a regular time and you
should say okay this is my regular time
and then make sure you don't schedule
anything else that will over overlap
that I preferred getting up in the
morning before anybody wakes up because
the moment anybody else in your house
wakes up it's all over the first person
who wakes up your writing is done all
right so that's rule number one so if
the first person in your house who isn't
you is going to wake up at 700 a.m. you
might need to get up at 4:30 a.m. to get
in get in a little writing uh or stay up
late now and then the other thing is to
uh have discipline about doing it every
day or as close as you can get every day
and at the same time and you want to
have a a place you do it uh that's
really good let me let me show you
something um that is very directly
related to your point so I'm right now
I'm at my my my desk let's see here's my
computer and you here's my desk it turns
out this is a terrible place to write
and I want to show you how subtle the
difference is right so where I'm sitting
right now in my office at my official
desk is a terrible place to write and I
say that because I've tried to write
here and it's very hard now look at
this this is a view of the opposite side
of my office you can't see it very well
but say you can see there's a chair and
I've got another computer and a laptop
there so this is set right up against
the window and so I've got much more
light coming in I can sit at that chair
and write for hours comfortably but uh
literally what 12 feet
away sitting where I am right now I
can't write it it it is that sensitive
to light and
position and and I don't know maybe way
if if that's even a thing but you need
to find that place where your feet are
not up by the way that's one of the
worst mistakes you can make is to sit on
the couch and get all comfy and put your
feet up and try to write because if
you're like exactly what I do yeah stop
doing that if you're going to write you
need your your feet need to be on the
floor or at least you know on on sitting
down you need to be sitting up you need
to be somewhere ideally where you've got
natural light like a lot of it that's
why I'm by the by the window it's the
natural light that'll keep you awake if
you're in a slightly darken place you're
working on the just the light of your
laptop you got the fireplace going your
feet are up you got a nice you know warm
cup of tea good luck you're going to be
asleep in 15
minutes all right so so th those are my
tips and uh beyond that you should look
for if you Google my name and um writing
tips I think you'll see it all over the
Internet I've got a a set of how to be
how to be a better writer I think is the
thing you want to search for my name and
how to be a better writer and you'll see
a very brief list of tips I think you'll
find useful all right thank you all
thank you thank you very much thank you
for your question and I'm going to go do
some other things right now and I will
talk to you all later