pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here hello kitten
hello Martin somebody named hey Zeus or
Jesus I can't tell and Nicholas and the
rest of you well it's good to see you
it's uh it's been a long weekend it's
time for morning coffee with Scott Adams
and hey Garrett
grab your mug your vessel your container
filled with your favorite beverage I
think coffee is a good choice your
mileage may vary it's time for the
simultaneous up yes so the news today is
that Mexico is getting ready to sign a
new trade deal with the United States
and do you know what happens when Mexico
signs a trade deal with the United
States well that we start negotiated
with Canada and II know what happens
when Canada signs a trade agreement with
the United States well then we've got to
trade agreements done and the dominoes
will start to fall boom boom boom boom
boom boom
hello November what's the biggest thing
people are worried about in terms of the
economy trade agreements what happens
when they start coming in and people
start signing them and they do look
maybe a little bit better than they look
before now I don't know what this
Mexican Trade Agreement will look like
but I wonder if it will be the kind of
thing I just wonder just maybe I wonder
if the Mexican trade deal will be the
kind of thing that Trump supporters say
is a big win and Trump critics say oh my
god
when he ruined he ruined another
agreement I've got a feeling it's gonna
be one of those things where but he
couldn't see whatever they want to see
but I'm gonna think that it's more of
more win than not win and that when the
dominoes start falling the China might
be the last domino but it will get
embarrassing to China if they're the
only ones that can't make a deal
think about it think about the impact of
the prior deals on future deals because
it's all connected in our minds if China
and everybody else is holding out well
it's easier to hold out if everybody's
holding out but as soon as the
friendlier deals get signed then China
is going to start getting isolated
they'll just be a few people holding out
and then what happens when the world is
looking at this situation and sees that
everybody can sign a deal with the
United States except China what's wrong
China China can't why can't you sign the
deal with the United States so I should
make an impact to get these other deals
signed first
now you're seeing some chatter out of
North Korea
about the fact that Pompeo cancelled his
trip because it wasn't enough progress
and it looks like they've come down to
sort of a who goes first situation now
you have to be a little careful about
their reporting out of that part of the
world because you never really know if
you're getting the real story but if
it's true that the that the obstacle
right now is that both sides are waiting
for the other side to make a big move
sort of a big first move that feels like
something that could get solved it
doesn't feel like something that can't
get solved now if I had more details I
might be able to suggest a way to get
past that but I don't quite know what
the variables are that are in play
so let me tell you now that you're all
here let me tell you my John McCain's
story and so it's a good day to tell a
good John McCain story so it was 2006
maybe and I think it was 2006 and I was
on a trip the biggest longest trip I
think I've taken anywhere outside the
country and I was in a tiny little
island in the Pacific called Turtle
Island now eternal Island you can only
get there by you know was a rickety old
seaplane and it's very exclusive little
island it's where they filmed the movie
Blue Lagoon just a little bit of
historical note and I think there were
only there might have been only 15
guests staying at the island that week
you know something like that 15 or 20
and I think they were about maybe 30
employees on the island so there were
more people working on the island then
there were guests and everybody had
their own little bungalow and it was
sort of a special place so one day my ex
and I were in a little golf cart sort of
a thing that they used on the island to
transport you from one side of the
island to the other side and the Fijian
gentleman who was driving I'm thinking
he was mmm it was late 30s or something
so it's a Fijian local man and he's
driving my ex and I across the island as
they did to transport people there and
he's making conversation he says so are
you following you know the elections or
whatever was happening in the politics
at the time I wasn't really following
them but I made some conversation and
then just out of nowhere this Fijian
driver of this cart says
do you know john mccain and it was a
funny way that he put it you know do you
know him and I thought no you know don't
know him but you know I'm watching
politics blow up and he goes on to tell
me that he noticed John McCain so I'm
literally in the middle of the Pacific
on Turtle Island and this one of these
four GM employees is saying oh yeah John
McCain and his wife they vacation here
all the time and he said it's it's the
regular place that they go I don't know
how often but sounds like they've been
there a number of times enough so that
the small staff on the island knew them
quite well knew them personally and
here's the story told he said yeah you
know he sees here I'll look a lot I got
to know him over the years and he said
that he said that if I'm ever in the
mainland I should come look him up and
and stay with him all right just just
picture this so John McCain one of the
most powerful politicians in the United
States and therefore in the world is on
this tiny little island called Turtle
Island in the middle of the Pacific and
gets to know this Fijian guy who works
there and says hey if you're ever in the
United States once you stop by my house
now if you hear something like that
don't you tell yourself well he doesn't
really mean that he doesn't he doesn't
actually mean stop by my house because
this is just the employee on the island
right so then the guy in the island goes
on to say and then you know I was I
planned a trip I wanted to visit and
family or something so I went over and I
looked him up and and I stayed with John
McCain for a week that actually happened
so he went to the United States took him
up on his offer or I don't know if he
has text you know what did he do did he
text them and say I'm John McCain I'm in
the neighborhood can I stay at your
house and McCain said sure come on over
he just stayed with the McCain's for
however long so that's my old story
this story sounded much better in your
hand somebody said hey I only have one
John McCain story the this is the day to
tell it right so that's the best I have
the guy was high on kava that's funny
because they did they did do kava and
they tried to get us to take some of it
but I think I tasted a little but it was
not a tasty mix all right somebody else
has a John McCain story so I there's a
headline here on CNN politics or CNN the
site and it said just forget where it is
but the headline said something like
McCain and Hillary Clinton some time ago
what years ago they had a drinking
contest in some Eastern European country
so it's a famous story in which they
claimed they had a drinking contest of
doing shots of vodka and you know the
way the story goes is that Hillary won
the contest yeah they did four shots of
vodka each and then they just sort of
gave up he didn't really win but they
declared her the winner it was in
Estonia somebody's saying and the the
title of the article said you know what
does this tell you about you know what
does it tell you that John McCain and
Hillary had a drinking contest and I
thought to myself oh it tells me that
how happy we are or should be that we
have a president who doesn't drink that
was that's where my mind went to
immediately I was like wow I see where
you're going with this how great it is
to have a leader who's in charge of the
nuclear weapons who doesn't drink
anything
and I thought to myself you know if you
have a drinking contest in front of
other people you like to drink yeah
you're a person who likes to drink so
I'm not so sure that CNN's point was the
same point that I came to their point
was that in those days the left and the
right could sit down and have a drink
and reach across the aisle and I think
that was true and that's a good point
too but all I heard was two leaders who
drank too much so that's the filter I
put on it
[Music]
drunk politics do I think Cindy McCain
will be appointed to the office I don't
know how that works I could see why they
might but I don't know if that's being
seriously discussed I just saw some
speculation about that so I don't have
an opinion on that
[Music]
both 36 what interview Clay Travis of
Fox Sports why him in particular he is
interesting am I going to see come--and
Walnut Creek would Dana no I don't know
what that's all about but the answer is
no all right so I noticed that Adam
Schiff who is famous for being a critic
of President Trump is saying that he
doesn't see at this point grounds for
impeachment think about that after
everything that we've seen and down and
been through the biggest critic of the
president came out and said he doesn't
see grounds for impeachment holy cow now
of course everybody says yet yet so
let's do a little pattern recognition
here the people who are anti Trump
versus say to themselves there are so
many avenues where we might find out
something about the president that's bad
there surely we will so people are
saying well if it isn't Michael Cohen
it's you know it's gonna be something
that Muller kicks up or it's gonna be
the doorman or it's going to be David
pecker at the National Enquirer but one
thing we can be sure about is with all
these balls in the air there's something
that's going to get this president we're
gonna find out something about them it
might be the IRS it might be something
so that's that's one way of thinking and
then the other way of thinking looks
like this are you freaking kidding me
you haven't found anything yet as hard
as everybody has been looking for
something
the best we have is some payments to an
old girlfriend which was already baked
into the election because we kind of
knew what you know people knew what they
were voting for right nobody was really
surprised by any of this stuff so
somebody says you're being a rube well
maybe you should wait till I get to the
point so the point is this which of
those patterns is more predictive the
fact that there are so many avenues that
something might be discovered does that
tell you well with all that going on
something will be or are you looking at
it and say with all that looking after
three years all of that looking that
we've got basically nothing doesn't that
tell you there's nothing there if you
could look that hard and not find
anything that kind of tells you there's
not much there to find so which of those
is a more predictive pattern we don't
know but here's what I will tell you the
people who look at the pattern and then
say therefore I know what's going to
happen they haven't been right yet so
here's how I look at it I look at it
that we're basically at scratch that
what we can predict about the future of
this president in terms of things that
might be kicked up that are problematic
probably just the same as any presidents
at this point you know if you if you had
said to me on day one of trumps
presidency if you said I'm day one do
you think if people look as hard as they
can for two years do you think they'll
find anything bad I would have said well
I hope not but if you look hard enough
it could probably find something with
any any rich person so I would have said
just the fact that he's a billionaire
with lots of businesses there's probably
something there but two years I'm pretty
much nothing
that surprised me I think we may be
exhausting this line of attack have you
seen the file of all the things that
people have called this president it's
it's a funny long list of insults all
right I know why would oh let's talk
about so there's somebody named Lionel I
don't really know who he is who has
something to do with the Q phenomenon
who was photographed with the president
in the Oval Office and people say how
could that be anything but confirmation
that Q is real and the answer is easily
I think most of you know that I also got
photographed with the president in the
Oval Office
so being photographed with the president
in the Oval Office is sort of business
as usual for the president people who
were supporters people come in with
groups you know get their picture taken
so it's just sort of routine so would
the president know everything about the
people that he is photographed with no
no really there is no part of the
process of getting your picture taken
with the president that involves a deep
look into your past or at least I'm not
aware of one you know I had my
photograph taken with the president and
as far as I know nobody did a deep dive
on my on my politics or my personal
personal life or anything else you know
I'm sure they googled me but maybe not
but I don't think anybody did a deep
dive on me and I don't think they do a
deep dive on anybody else and if he came
in with a group of people and then they
said hey let's get her picture taken
there's
there's nothing unusual about that so he
probably the president has probably got
his picture taken with lots of people
who if you look deeply into the
background you'd find at least one thing
you didn't like now the other the other
interesting thing the speaking of of
that so people ask me well why wouldn't
the president disavow vacuum if it's not
real or or why would he be seen with AK
you support her if it's not real and the
answer is look at his pattern
the president's pattern is pretty clear
he tends to be supportive of his
supporters and he goes hard against his
critics you know the the only exceptions
are the the racists so when asked about
the races he disavows them so that's I
think that's the only exception that I
can think of but other than white
supremacists who we disavow is about
once a week while people tell him he
doesn't disavow them I think he just
always supports his supporters and he
always goes hard against his critics in
other words he's a politician it's not
the worst thing in the world
that would you admit defeat if q is real
when I admit defeat if Q is real I would
admit to being amazed all right
trying to see if there's anything else
we need to talk about it's gonna be a
strange news period because the John
McCain stuff will push everything off of
the page
and if you're like me you don't want to
say anything negative about him
especially now so there's not much to
say that's interesting because
complimenting people is just no fun so Q
says there are 45,000 sealed indictments
what does that even mean
what what does it mean to have 45,000
sealed indictments about who about what
for what I don't even know what that
means
the Florida shooting is not a topic I'm
going to talk about for all the all the
good reasons don't talk about idiots
because I don't want the next idiot to
give famous but I can say an idiot did
something in Florida and that's all I
want to say
Tiger Woods comment well sounds like
Tiger Woods made a comment what was it
let's see if he's in the news today news
Tiger Woods that he's just playing
poorly I don't see anything on there
he wouldn't slam the President of the
United States is that it yeah well he's
just smart all right um that's all I
have to say for today not not very
interesting today is just data pay
respects to Senator McCain and to
veterans in general who he represented
in his way
and let's we'll get back to other
business at a more appropriate time but
for now I will talk to you later