but the pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here you know what
time it is
yes I was flying yesterday and I did not
get to do my periscope I missed it I
hope you missed me a little bit so is it
time for the simultaneous imp I believe
it is I believe it is do you have your
cup your mug your vessel your glass your
Stein your container does it have the
liquid of your choice I like coffee join
me for the simultaneous end yes my voice
is all better those of you who heard me
losing my voice the other day it's
because I I don't you know it's weird
but most of the talking I do in any
24-hour day is right here on periscope
so you're used to seeing me talking but
90% of my day is just sitting in front
of my computer thinking hanging out with
Christina we don't do a lot of talking
all right as you know I've been on my
book tour for my book when basically now
out in paperback if you don't like to
read it in English you could read it in
whatever this is or Korean or German or
whatever this is yes you have many
choices I think that was either Chinese
or Japanese I'm not sure but when Bigley
is doing great with some paperback now
so those of you have been waiting for
the lower price it's here and you know
what time of year it is it's time for
your 2019 calendar all right if you
don't have your Dilbert calendar it's
time to get it enough about that let's
talk about the important news of the day
you know the really big stuff such as
Kanye West
I missed a day so
a little behind on the news but most of
you know that Kanye is pulling back from
politics because he says he did not he
did not I hope to design the blex it
t-shirt and hat and logo so he is
because there was a I guess a suggestion
that he was the designer he wanted to
pull back because he felt used now my
take on this is that it's very it would
be very unlikely
if Candace or anybody else intentionally
said hey let's just claim that Kanye
designed this and it's his so I don't
think anybody did that it just sounds
like a miscommunication so the the
actual event is less important than the
bigger picture were any of you surprised
that Kanye pivoted away from Republicans
to think about what he said he wants to
do he wants to run for president 2024 if
Kanye really wanted to run for president
in 2020 for how long should he keep
being more friendly with Republicans
than Democrats well not too long he'd be
better sort of pivot over to the the
Democrats because that's the only party
he could get elected in so as popular as
Kanye is with Republicans he's popular
because of really his style his you know
the fact that he's willing to embrace
you know president Trump so he's popular
for reasons that don't have anything to
do with policy on a policy level it
feels to me he's going to be more likely
leaning Democrat so there's no way he
would run as a Republican but what is
the very strongest package you could
create going into a presidential
election well you saw President Trump do
it he used to be a Democrat used to be a
Democrat now he's a Republican
you saw Mike Bloomberg do a'right used
to be a Republican and then he became a
Democrat to my mind the strongest the
strongest positioning the strongest
setting the table for becoming president
is that you used to be on the other side
or at the very least you used to be
really friendly with the other side
because what do people what is the thing
that people care about most of them
they're voting for president are you on
my side can you understand my side have
you ever had an appreciation from my
side it's one thing that you don't agree
with me you know it's it's routine that
somebody doesn't agree with you
somebody says Reagan did Reagan also
switch was Reagan a Democrat he was
right he also switched because what that
does is that allows the other team to
say well I don't love everything about
your policies but I still like you and
if I still like you maybe more than I
like the one running from my own party
yeah this time I'm gonna go over and
vote the other side so somebody says so
he was pacing us in a sense yes in a
sense he was pacing the Republicans
because he was agreeing with them in
their support of for president Trump as
a person and you know and not damning
him as a crazy racist and stuff like
that and he was also so just to be clear
I don't I don't want to I want to make
sure that I'm not putting any opinions
into Kanye his opinions are just for him
to express so if I've said that
accidentally I think I got close to
saying that you know we'll pull that
back a little bit we don't know what
he's thinking we can only observe what's
happening okay
so what's happening is he's doing
exactly what you would do if you were
really smart and planning to run for
president in 2024 so what you've seen
this week was consistent with being
brilliant
if you plan to run for president in 2024
now here's the here's the other element
it would also be consistent with not
wanting to run for president in 2024
because in either case he wants to
demonstrate his independence of thought
so he can be Pro President Trump as a
person and as a you know wanting to him
to look good as a leader because he
represents the country so that's
essentially what Kanye said but he can
also you know he's a free thinker and he
doesn't have to stay in any camp longer
than he wants to so I like that about I
would say that my my opinion of Kanye
went up a little bit
because it is the time to pivot he needs
to live in the community that is
primarily you know anti-trump so for
practical reasons for professional
reasons for personal reasons and even if
someday he runs for president political
reasons it was important for him to show
some independence which he just
demonstrated in a graphic way now the
actual source of the dispute if you
could call it that I'm not sure dispute
is really the right word but that I
think there was a miscommunication about
the logo probably is not the important
part of the story
probably not all right let's talk about
the campaign ad the president Trump is
running that CNN is labeled on their top
left of their page so as I've taught you
the top left of a news page is the news
that the news organization has judged is
the most important news all right so
CNN's most important news just a few
days before the midterm is Trump
campaign releases racist ad now here's
the thing that's of opinion the it's
purely an opinion that it's a racist ad
and they're actually reporting it like
it's news
and then they don't show the ad so it's
the most important but the most
important news is that the ad is racist
and they don't show it at least yeah I
didn't see it right below that what is
the second most important thing on the
CNN news you're gonna love this the
second most important thing so it's the
top left of the page the second one down
it's a Don Lemon says this is Trump's ad
and here are the facts so in other words
Don Lemon who just came out as a racist
he literally just came out on TV
publicly as a racist who's got a problem
with white men that really happened I'm
it sounds like I'm exaggerating but
please you know if he if you think that
sounded like even a little bit of an
exaggeration just Google Don Lemon white
man you know you'll see the video in
which he says that the real problem in
this country yeah you should really hear
it in his own words because I don't want
to accidentally mischaracterize it but
his essence is he has a problem with
white men as the problem in this country
now I'm not gonna fact-check that I'm
just saying that he said that and by the
standards of this country that would be
racist as I understand what the word
means you know with someone who's biased
against a particular race or gender in
this case - because he made made it male
so he's talking against Trump's ad the
CNN has labeled as racist the ad itself
if you haven't seen it I'm not going to
play it but the ad itself is shows a cop
killer who I guess is a must have come
from south of the border and he's the
cop killers in court being I guess he
just got convicted for killing two cops
and he's laughing and saying that he
wished he'd killed more and it's
translated from Spanish so you can tell
that he's you know wasn't born in this
country now it's just one guy and then
it shows yeah other criminal types in
the the caravan etc now is it racist to
show one guy who accurately did come
across the border and then killed two
cops is it racist can facts ever be
racist I guess that's the question I
would ask you can facts ever be racist
nice I could I guess they couldn't be
depending on how you organize them right
if you organize them so you left out on
other facts and it created a misleading
narrative well I didn't see anywhere in
the ad this suggested that everyone in
the caravan was a cop-killer that wasn't
there in fact I would think any
reasonable adult looking at that ad
would say oh there are some bad people
in this group
and we don't know how many I don't know
how you could come to any other
conclusion except that some of them
coming across the border whether it's in
the caravan or just the general
immigration that some number of them are
committing bad crimes is that racist
i I I get I get how they take it now
they're comparing it of course to the
Willie Horton ad back in the George Bush
era and I don't remember exactly the
Willie Horton had itself but the the the
sense of it was that Willie Horton was
an african-american man who had
committed some kind of crime he got out
I think I'm some kind of early release
and then he killed somebody I think
that's the basic idea there and I don't
remember the ad itself but I guess I had
more racial you know it was trying a
little bit harder to make a racial case
but I'm not sure that that applies so
much when you're not talking about
you're not talking about domestic actors
and you're not talking about necessarily
one country you know you're talking
about a whole region you're talking
about crime that's coming in nobody
doubts crime is coming in they just you
know they
disagree about how much of it or how
much it matters but it's it's
interesting that CNN reports as News
their opinion have you have you seen
anything like that before
who who reports who reports as news
something that's clearly of opinion even
if the opinion is right I it doesn't
even matter whether the pendant is true
or false I'm saying that how do you
report that as news it's very much an
opinion all right the other amazing and
funny thing is did you all see the Jon
Stewart interview so Jon Stewart was
from The Daily Show as you all know he
sort of disappeared from the news and he
came back and he essentially was saying
that Trump is triggering the media and
that the members of the media are taking
it personally and because they're taking
it personally they're falling into his
trap and overreacting and putting all
the attention on what he wants and I
read this article I just saw for the
first time and my article see if you had
see if you had the same reaction I did
my reaction was this sorry I know you
loved it when I cleared my throat on
periscope I had the same reaction to Jon
Stewart's comment which is uh-oh they're
only smart guy came back did you have
that impression it feels like he's the
only person who understands what's going
on who's also a Democrat I guess I think
you would he would classify himself as a
Democrat have you heard anyone on the
entire anti Trump the Democrat side have
you heard anyone say what Jon Stewart
just said which is so obviously true and
matters and frames it correctly
and could possibly help them you know
recover from their Trump derangement
syndrome and here's the best part
John Stewart is not suffering from Trump
derangement syndrome he's actually
looking at it from the outside he's on
the inside of you know the political
bubble and yet he gave you a view of
what it looks like from the outside how
many people on the Left have the
intellectual capability to do what John
Stewart who is you know a political
comedian I guess for a living or was
that's pretty it's pretty unusual
alright so credit where credit is due
John Stewart just completely accurately
framed the problem on the left and I
don't know if they can hear it that's
the other interesting thing so it became
viral which means that got a lot of
attention because it was unique it's
because it was from him things he does
is more interesting you know he gave us
a new look as something that we were
used to seeing the old looks but his his
take on it was that the media is taking
it personally and that they've and that
that's causing you know a lot of their
their problems is that they're falling
into his they're falling into Trump's
trap because they take it personally and
I think it was brilliant and you got to
give him credit oh you know somebody
Michael Moore okay I will give you
Michael Moore as another person who does
seem to understand what's going on from
both the inside and the outside
I'll give you Michael Moore as well but
I think Jon Stewart is another higher
level of credibility because Michael
Moore understands things he understands
Trump better than I think almost anybody
on the left that would be true which I
think too is credit because Michael
Moore understands a certain segment of
the population that Trump also
understands so I think whatever you want
to say in Michael Moore's politics etc
he certainly understands this topic
Bill Maher somebody saying Bill Maher
now I think Bill Maher
in the trunk range Minh syndrome
category on this topic he seems to be
taking it personally I believe there's
actually some bad blood between Bill
Maher and Trump in the past there was
some kind of interaction they had that
wasn't good so so those are your big
stories let's see what else is happening
on CNN that a week before the event they
think better Bob Woodward on Trump we
are being had he's doing things to
distract us from policies so Bob
Woodward is sort of agreeing with Jon
Stewart
that Trump is having his way by the way
did you see the clip oh I hope you saw
the clip of when what was it that Trump
did oh when Trump announced he wanted to
end birthright the birthright
citizenship with an executive order and
of course the experts I think you know
90% or 95% or 99% of the experts are
saying you can't do that but see you
then realized that it was a distraction
from other issues and that it was a
positive distraction in other words if
if Trump was successful distracting
people and making them think about
birthright citizenship it was a real
good last of thought going into the
midterm election and they knew they were
being had and they couldn't stop talking
about it if you haven't seen that clip
of the CNN hosts saying he's just
tricking us to make us talk about this
and then the coast would say but we're
talking about it it's working we can't
not talk about it but he's tricking us
we know he's tricking us and it's
working and we're still doing it but
it's the news what are we gonna do it
was it was frickin hilarious
because they were so unhappy they were
so unhappy talking about the news
because the news is what the president
says
it's just always what the president says
because he's the president after they
had to report it well boy did they don't
want to report that it was one of the
funniest things you will ever see
to watch them essentially sabotaging
themselves on live TV because it's not
the message they want out there all
right now I'm gonna make I'm gonna make
a fun prediction for the midterms and
it's primarily because I don't think
anybody's made this prediction so the
people are saying the Senate is probably
gonna go Republican so I'll go with that
I'll just go with the experts on that so
if I'm right or wrong about the Senate
you know don't don't put that on my
permanent record because I'm just gonna
agree with the experts on this I don't
have any special kind of insight on it
but in the house the house we imagine is
supposed to go to to the Democrats
that's what the experts have been saying
some people are saying well you know
maybe these the there's some hidden
Trump supporters etc I was on Maria
Bartiromo --is about a Ramos show
yesterday morning and I made this this
prediction if the midterms and they'll
talk about the house race in particular
if the midterms and the house race goes
the way everything else is gone
in the Trump era what will be the
outcome let's see if you can guess it
what will be the outcome of the house
race if it goes like everything else
let's see if anybody else comes to the
same answer it's gonna take me a while
for you to uh somebody sent a surprise
I'd say no not quite
so it might be a surprise but there
you're you're almost there here's the
answer it's going to be a a photo finish
with an ambiguous ending so if it's like
everything else we won't know who
on Election Day here's what I mean by
that
listen let's say it comes down to a
majority of one one two three so so one
of the sides wins by a majority of just
one or two or three representatives yeah
so if it's just that close what do you
think people are going to say they're
gonna say recount they're gonna say
there's something that happened in that
district that's fishy wait a minute how
come there were more votes in that area
than there are people wait a minute why
was why was one of those polling places
closed early wait a minute why are some
of the votes missing wait a minute
did Russia have anything to do with the
election in this area so this is I'm
gonna categorize this as a fun
prediction all right
meaning that I don't have a ton of
confidence in it so when I get this one
wrong and you put it on my permanent
record just know that I didn't have a
lot of confidence in it but for fun if
it's like everything else it's going to
be something like a tie in the sense
that it will go one way or the other
but there will be something ambiguous
some some gray area some dispute so it
won't feel like it's done that's my that
is my prediction so my prediction is an
ambiguous photo finish with different
photos four different finishes just like
everything else can there be a tie well
there I don't mean a tie literally but I
mean the result was so close that the
ambiguity would make the difference
between which way it went so that's
essentially a tie
yeah because if you think about it the
primary so Trump wins the primary but he
has to go to the convention and they're
still talk that they're going to try to
take it away from them
right so you think Trump wins under the
the denomination but you're you're not
really quite sure because they might
take it away from then he wins the
presidency but now there's all this
question about Russia stuff and you know
it's like well we're not gonna let you
stay president so it's sort of ambiguous
then he goes for the Supreme Court
nomination for a Kavanagh and it's like
well he's easily gonna get in well maybe
not well he's in but maybe we'll maybe
we'll claw him back somehow so it's just
one thing after another that you think
is done that isn't done now I've also
made the following prediction and he
goes like this in the year 2018 does any
adult have a an expectation of privacy
in the digital domain in other words
does any adult believe that they have
actual privacy meaning that no one can
ever find out what they're doing on
email or text or answering a poll do
people think that they have privacy when
they answer a phone call a poll most
probably think they have enough right
most people think well I don't care if I
have privacy or not I'm voting for this
way or voting for that way I'm just
telling you my reasons I don't care if
anybody knows that but some people maybe
5% maybe 5% will say to themselves
there's no such thing as privacy and
there's no way my life is better if
people find out and I'm a trump
supporter so there's a very high
likelihood that something like 5% of the
people answering polls are just flat-out
lying they're lying just in case just in
case they really don't have any privacy
and just in case they got on a list
somewhere where somebody would hunt them
down and kill them for being a trump
supporter now I'm not saying that any of
those risks are real I'm saying that if
you have you know a hundred people and
all hundred people have them believe
that
this is no longer really a thing I mean
not if the government really wants to
find out who you are some of them I
think might luck and the other factor is
turnout I've predicted the what I call a
jaw-dropping Republican turnout now it
might also be that the the Democrats
will have incredible turnout so I don't
have any kind of a prediction on the
Democrat side I suspect it'll be high
but on the Republican side it's really
gonna be high it could be a
record-setting so that's my prediction
is jaw-dropping surprisingly big and
here are a few of the reasons unlike
unlike some midterms I'm no historian so
I don't know if it's all but most
midterms midterms are usually not just
about the president but this president
is special in which everything is about
Trump so even if it shouldn't be about
him if it's not about him it's still
about him I think two-thirds of the
people voting have said it's sort of a
it's sort of a vote that's about the
president in their minds so with that
many people who think it's about the
president and you've got a president
with ninety percent support 90 percent
support on his own side and what matters
most is how many of his own side goes to
vote how many of them are actually
activated to stand up have we ever seen
a situation in which a president with
this much persuasion power at the height
of his popularity within his own poll
has gone out and showed you a tremendous
amount of energy of his own this is very
important make sure that you take away
this point more than anything else I
said today the president by going to
rally rally rally rally is demonstrating
his own level of energy what does he
need voters to do he needs them to model
him he needs them to pace him he needs
the voter
to ramp up to his level of energy
because that's what gets you off the
couch he's bringing these your
record-breaking political crowds into an
arena and he's showing you how much fun
they're having together do you remember
all of the all of the video of all the
Democrats who are in big crowds having
fun together
I don't I don't I've seen your pictures
of Biden you know talking and you know
that there's a crowd there I've seen
pictures of you know Kamala Harris and
they're not many people in the audience
so the Democrats are either small groups
or unhappy groups or angry groups in my
room that if you were to characterize
all of the Democratic get-togethers
whether it's the street protests or the
you know going to talk to one of their
political leaders they're either angry
or there are not many of them right
that's sort of the vibe Trump is showing
us one image after another of enormous
Republican crowds and what's the one
characteristic that all of the Trump
crowds have in common
happy happy high-energy happy and they
like to win take those three things
high energy happy they love they love
the the the collective feel of it they
love being part of something this is
very important the the Trump people
really feel part of something that's
positive they can feel the love with
each other etc so there's this enormous
high energy positive thing which is
being modeled directly on the leader
that they have a 90% approval of
President Trump his ability and here's
the the bigger point I'm getting to
President Trump the most influential
person in a hundred years
just has directly asked the people who
like him best to actually go vote now
all politicians ask you to go vote but
you've never seen it done like this
before you've never seen him model it
move your energy up make you part of a
group make it the most fun fun thing you
did you know this year you went to that
event but other people are watching and
saying I wish I was in that crowd that
looks like would be funny to be there
live etc he's created this whole feeling
of what it's like to vote for him and
it's all positive it's high-energy and
it's great and it's you know and it's
especially would be entertaining if the
Republicans came from behind again
because it would be another surprise win
it would be like the best day they've
ever had I mean you can you can put
yourself into that future can you can't
you imagine that you voted let's say
you're a trump supporter you voted
Republican can't you imagine what it
feels like watching the results come in
and then feeling of victory it would
feel amazing so I think Trump's
persuasion on turnout will be the best
you've ever seen the Democrats of course
are highly incentive but their incentive
by anger they've got yeah they got some
fear they've got some anger you know
they've got it's a bench it's a whole
bunch of negativity does negativity get
you to go somewhere and by the way who
is asking the Democrats to vote think
about it you know who is asking
Republicans to vote President Trump
90% support most influential person of
all time who on the Democrat side is
asking them to vote because the ask
matters it's not enough to just get
people in the mood to vote you have to
directly to close the sale you have to
say here's what I need do this now all
the Republicans are doing that they're
of course saying their vote you know
going sign them they're making a big
deal about it but it's all distributed
across people who have various levels of
approval within the Democrats like no
matter who it is on the Democrat side
it's gonna be somebody who only has you
know forty percent and you know a
high-level approval within the group etc
so they don't really have a spokesperson
who has any kind of persuasive quality
whatsoever
to get them out there but still they're
very motivated I think they'll do fine
in terms of turnout alright so there you
have my predictions it's gonna be a fun
election night I I'm also going to go on
record as saying that if the Democrats
do take the house that President Trump
will give stronger not weaker so
remember that so so there's a prediction
that I'm confident of it's sort of an
if-then prediction so if the if the
Democrats take the house the president
Trump will get stronger not weaker and
the reason is that he's uniquely
qualified and capable of working with
both sides if he doesn't need to work
with both sides because he has a narrow
majority of Republicans he's maybe not
going to try so hard and the the
Democrats will try harder to resist but
if the Democrats had some power meaning
they had the house they would have to
play a little bit productively if you
have no power you don't have to be
productive if you do have power you kind
of have to be productive and that means
working with the president who's not on
your side so it seems to me that both
immigration reform and health care are
two areas in which the only way
something is going to get done is if
both sides agree with it a little bit
and both sides are unhappy the only way
you get health care and the only way you
get immigration is if both sides are
unhappy and the only way you get to both
sides are unhappy is with the deal that
both sides have some responsibility both
sides have some power so Trump has two
ways to win in this election one way to
win is if he gets full stronger
Republican control the other way to win
is if he doesn't yeah I'm sure he has a
very strong preference to to do it the
you know the straight way and you know
just get more Republicans in that what
that would be a first choice but he does
have two ways to win that has a lot to
do with what's left right he's sort of
done good things for the economy he's
done good things for North Korea etc you
know the list but now let me make
another point I've said that one of the
things that Trump does right all the
time and his opponents do wrong all the
time his Trump gets the visuals right so
he's talking about immigration at the
same time that there's this great us a
great bonus a powerful visual thing the
caravan itself and then the wall itself
is visual and then he shows a picture of
a cop-killer on his commercial and
that's visual so Trump is visual visual
visual visual and he picks also a topic
that can be visual what do the the
Democrats have health care now imagine
your picture of health care you can't do
it right imagine health care I know what
am I seeing that a doctor you don't
there's no there's nothing you can't
imagine health care it's a concept
people just don't get activated by
concepts yeah you can imagine maybe
you're writing the check or something
about that's as close as you can get
imagine let's say what else let's say
climate change climate change you can
show weather but I'm not sure people are
quite connecting all the dots you know
climate change doesn't have a good
visual either or at least they're not
taking advantage of it and part of it
partly is because they're they're
scientifically you know that they're
trapped in their own scientific bias the
the Democrats would say that climate
change is you know settled science from
their point of view that this
scientists the consensus is on their
side and so they would not want to be
anti science to sell the fact that their
pro science so it wouldn't make sense
and one of the things that they really
can't really do is show anecdotes you
don't prove science by showing that
there was a hurricane that time because
there were hurricanes in all times
so they they do have a visual they could
use but they can't really use it because
their brand is we're trying to stick to
the facts you know they don't want to
depart from the facts on climate science
that would be problematic all right
has anybody heard from cue lately did
Hugh just go away after Jack pasaba k--
essentially laid bare their entire
history has Q going away I haven't heard
about them lately it feels to me it's W
now and did I have anything to do with
that I mean Jack had the most to do with
it but Scott you have all that roam yeah
it seems to me that Hugh went away all
right so I'm going to claim victory on
correctly identifying Q as not a deep
state actor I haven't seen a trump
hospital video now
that did so people are saying that Jack
killed it yeah I mean Jack had the the
goods on him so whatever people think
about him that changed would have come
through Jack's work alright but it helps
always to have other voices that are on
the same the same side so that you could
say oh other people think that do is win
Bigley going paper backing yes thanks
for asking when Bigley came out in
paperback yesterday or day before so you
can get your wooden Bigley paper back so
I don't know what happened to queue but
we don't hear from that much anymore
trump hospital video is epic let's see
if I can find that right now
well I won't do that while you're
waiting oak you disappeared thirty days
before the election somebody said so it
might be that queue needs to stay quiet
to keep off the radar for a little while
that wouldn't that would not be the
wrong thing to do
you were wrong about Jack buh all right
Q was compromised back in April did I
arrest anybody last night oh so we had a
good time last night
Kristina came over we had lots of
trick-or-treaters it was very fun yeah
there's a new chapter
Oh somebody says is there a new chapter
in the Kindle I don't think the Kindle
version has a new chapter I believe we
just put that in the soft cover but the
the new chapter is an update on my
predictions so you can see what I got
right around when Bigley is has always
been on Kindle yes if you're talking
about the video where he's visiting
after the synagogue the attack I haven't
seen that yet all right I've said enough
I've got nothing left
I'm gonna go look at that video and I'll
talk to you all later