[Music]
hey everybody I'm coming to you early
because I gotta hit the road today but I
didn't want you to miss the simultaneous
sip no you don't want to miss that the
news is gonna be just full of the usual
bad news aftermath of the big shootings
and I feel like talking about that
doesn't help us a lot we will anyway but
first grab but mugger a classic up
starting the chalice but taker
could be the thermos or a flask could be
a vessel of any type filled with your
favorite lip and I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the early simultaneous set that's good
stuff yeah I got up early 4:30 this
morning I've got to do a little
traveling I just didn't want to leave
you hanging in case you were sitting
there at the appointed time waiting for
your sip and then it didn't come how sad
would you be so let's just talk for a
moment about assigning blame for these
shootings first thing I'd say is that if
you see anybody giving you one reason
for why there are all these shootings
that person has no credibility so if you
see somebody say it's because Donald
Trump or it's because no fathers or it's
because guns or it's because white
supremacist whatever it's because if
there's only one thing that follows
because you're not talking to a credible
person you're talking to somebody who
has a political agenda and that's it
you could just stop listening after that
so here's here's my advice if you hear
the shooting happened because followed
by one reason doesn't matter what the
reason is ignore everything that that
person says after that because that's
not a credible person we have no idea
how to stop any of this stuff if we did
we would have done it by now
and but one of the things that we're
going to grapple with in the aftermath
is stuff is what is what exactly is the
risk from radical white supremacist I'm
trying to get my wrap my arms around
that and I don't really have an answer
to you because the trouble is that other
types of risks have the potential to
take big numbers quickly whereas the way
supremacist as awful as it is they seem
to be I hate to say smaller if dozens
people are dying but in terms of
comparing it to 9/11 for example it's
smaller so I don't know how you could
add that up because the risk is what
happens in the future the risk is not
what happened in the past and the future
is unknowable so we don't know if
there's going to be more of it or less
of it or it'll trickle along like it is
and the triple will get stronger until
they're 2 per day we don't know but the
other thing is they're not all going to
be motivated by the same thing now how
many of you have had a chance to see the
el paso shooters manifesto I'm wondering
how widely that's getting out there I
know some people are finding it and I've
seen it or I think I've seen it meaning
that you can't be sure of anything these
days so a lot of you have seen it ok now
it was sort of hard to figure out what
the he was up to because on one hand he
had a high IQ you could tell by the
writing on the other hand it didn't
quite hold together his in his thesis so
you don't know exactly what he was up to
but what I got out of it and see if you
agree is that while he had some like
racial opinions he seemed to be
motivated primarily by having fewer
Democrats is that how you read it it
didn't look like it was racial in terms
of why he was shooting people the reason
he was shooting people
according to the manifesto remember it's
a crazy person so we don't know why any
crazy person does anything but according
to the manifesto he just wanted to make
sure that the Democrats didn't get a
voting majority and take over and let's
say Texas as as a democratic country and
that immigration would do that yeah that
doesn't make you less evil for those of
you who were pointed that out yeah I
wasn't I wasn't defending him I know
there's somebody who's gonna say are you
defending that guy
no just reading his manifesto we have
there's no defense but he was weirdly
non so he had a racial view of the world
but he didn't go out
he didn't directly say there's something
wrong with anybody else it was more like
he said that there exists other people
and it's hard for them to get along
which is you know I think what anybody
would say so I think people are gonna
jump to judge him as a white supremacist
but when I read the manifesto wasn't
that obvious maybe he was and maybe
we'll find out that you know that the
sun'll hints are exactly what we think
all right like my car is here so I'm
gonna have to bail out early but I will
talk to you all tomorrow bye for now