Ben Ben Ben Ben bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum you know what I just realized I'm in
a different time zone than the rest of
you so this periscope is the wrong time
for you what time is it where you are
hey everybody
well I'm coming to you from a secure
undisclosed location which I can't
mention for security reasons but what
time is it oh it's 8 a.m.
Oh so I've already well this doesn't
help me because I don't know I don't
know what time zone you're in but I do
know what time it is everywhere it's
time for the simultaneous zip it is and
if you're prepared you already have some
kind of a compromise of steinege Ellis a
tankard it could be a thermos of flasks
a canteen some kind of a vessel
something like that fill it with your
favorite liquid and please join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure of this
simultaneous imp oh man I'm feeling the
dopamine going through my body I've got
a pet peeve I have to tell you about
it's a it's a rich guy complaint so I
normally wouldn't talk about it but
you've already formed your opinions of
me so it doesn't matter have you ever
been at a hotel so already it's a rich
guy complaint but if you've ever been in
a hotel in you order room service and
all you want is for that person who
delivers your food to leave your room
it's all you want you just want them to
bring the food put it somewhere and then
turn around and walk right out but
instead they they try to work for the
tip and so they'll take each item on
their little room sort of saying this
1/4 let me move this as slowly as
possible from the tray upon which I
brought it in here into its exact place
in front of you can you feel your your
getting cold can you feel your your food
is getting cold your coffee is getting
cold
and I put a fork down and now let me let
me slowly take every item which we've
put cellophane on and let me unwrap it
but not in a fast way let me unwrap it
always your coffee getting cold how
about your bagel is it getting cold
let me slowly in slow motion unwrap it
man you're hungry oh man I'll bet you
want to eat let me unwrap it and move it
slowly over to your table there and now
how about a spoon uh anyway that's my
rich guy complaint from the day we all
have bigger problems than that but I
can't it just makes me crazy so I meet
them at the door and they'll let them in
that's a good idea so some of you
actually have the same meet them at the
door give them a tip and take the car
that's exactly what I'm going to start
doing I get it's funny I see that I can
see that you've all had the same
frustration I cannot stand watching my
food get cold
well the slow motion the service is
going on
here's another complaint I have this
tour called CVS around me and no matter
what you buy you could buy a candy bar
and they'll give you a length of receipt
a piece of paper that's you know this
wide and usually it's almost six feet
long and that's not an exaggeration it's
actually you can hold it here it would
unfold to your feet it's got all these
discounts and coupons on and information
and then you're supposed to save this
gigantic ball of paper until the next
time you go to the CVS because it's got
some valuable discount on it or actually
they'll give you free money toward your
next purchase there's actually money on
that six foot long coupon but of course
you have to go several times to CVS in
order to get get enough to have some
money back so by the time you're done
you would feel like a bushel Cardon
with nothing but these balled up giant
pieces of wiry paper and here's my
reaction every time I go to save yes I
go to CVS and they they give me the
receipt and I hate them with a white-hot
fire so if there's anybody at CVS
watching this you're a customer service
method of giving me a 6 foot long piece
of paper no matter the purchase makes me
white-hot hate your brand because it's
abusive and you're just doing it for
well let's let's not kid ourselves the
reason they do it is so that you won't
keep the piece of paper how often have I
ever used the discounts that they give
me on a 6 foot piece of paper
zero zero lifetime usage of the money
and free money that they give me so when
they give me the free money in the
physical form of a giant ball of paper
what do I think about CVS all I think is
if anybody ever built a store next to
you that they had all the same products
but didn't have this piece of paper
associated with it
I would never shop a CVS again I
freaking hate your company every time
you do that to me because you give me
free money and then tell me I can't
spend it and I know I'm just being
abused
so Safeway is just as bad anyway some
reasons why not email the receipt the
reason is because if you emailed the
receipt people could more easily save it
and reproduce it the whole point is they
think you're getting free money back but
you're getting in a form you can never
use unless you're the most anal person
in the world and you keep huge baskets
of receipts and then every time you want
to go to the store you you pour through
your huge basket you know piles and
piles of paper until you find it anyway
that's my complaints for the day let's
talk about loser think and mass
shootings so of course whatever there's
a mass shooting everybody in the world
try
to commercialize the politicians try to
turn it into a political weapon everyone
in the media gets clicks by covering the
news even though they know that covering
the news makes things worse this is one
of those weird situations in which
normally the news by its nature is a
public service because the citizens want
to be informed but the news about the
mass shootings is the one exception it's
the opposite of a service for the public
because it creates more shootings which
creates more stories which the news can
report on so it's a self-perpetuating
cycle but it's not for your good you
know it probably is a public good that
we know it happened that could have been
entirely covered in 24 hours so for
example we could have a law or even just
a let's say an understanding it doesn't
have to be a law that these get covered
for 24 hours you know just so you get
the facts out no pictures and then you
do an update let's say you do an update
in one week let's say that was the rule
but just for example just a thought
experiment it's a little rule where it's
a little rule that just minimizes how
much attention against well that would
be bad for the news business
so instead the news feeds us on ending
content that gets all mix all of our
hairs catch on fire
notice how the public is reacting to
this it's because of the news the news
is getting everybody worked up so the
news is commercializing on the disaster
all of the politicians are
commercializing on the disaster all of
the pundits including me right now as we
speak I'm in effect commercializing the
disaster cuz to the extent that I put
this on YouTube later actually no
because on YouTube is demonetized so I
might be the only person whose
Demond who was not monetizing it because
youtube doesn't let me but if they did I
would be talking about it there was
disasters on this periscope the
periscope would eventually be uploaded
to YouTube and then it would be
monetized but that doesn't happen in my
case because I'm D monetized upon
publication so there's a I saw a letter
to the editor in the San Jose Mercury
yesterday in which the person said I was
vile and he was going to throw away L as
Dilber books I was vile because I
mentioned during the garlic this was the
the third shooting ago there have been
so many mass shootings it's hard to keep
them straight but the Gilroy one I
mentioned that my my startups app would
be a good tool for people to collect
eyewitness accounts and do it
efficiently I forgot to mention that you
can set your price as zero which I would
assume people would do if they were just
trying to get the information now but
they wouldn't have to it's just I assume
that they would and so there was no
profit motive in it but somebody wrote a
or at least there's no way to directly
profit in my case with the startup that
was never an intention because there
wasn't any way to do that anyway well
even if people had used it and even if
they charged you know the the the most
the company could have made would be
five dollars if somebody you know would
stay down there for a few minutes and
that'd be about it
and then the five dollars would be you
know split five ways so I had maybe I
had maybe a dollar on the line but
somebody writes to the San Jose Mercury
News to complain about me
commercializing the disaster do you see
any hypocrisy in using the San Jose
Mercury News as your vehicle for
complaining about people commercialized
disasters that's what they do that's
what the San Jose Mercury does it's not
the only thing they do right
yeah they cover all the news
commercializing disasters those are the
people whose vehicle you used to
complain about me commercializing the
disaster how does that not obvious to
people well I'm not sure that people
care about what's obvious anymore people
care about can you make a you know a
political point so let's talk about that
let's talk about the shootings and all
the crazy people and the loser thinking
about that so aoc says that it's not
video games that are the problem it's
white supremacy to which I say in my
retweet of her tweet anybody who's
telling you the problem of mass
shootings is caused by one variable is
either lying or stupid now in your case
I don't believe she's stupid so I think
she's just lie for a political game now
all the politicians that have weighed in
probably on both sides I'd say they're
mostly illegitimate so let me just say
that again every politician weighing in
with any opinion no matter what their
opinion is as long as it's on this topic
they're all illegitimate do you want to
hear a legitimate opinion now you don't
you don't even have to agree with what I
say next the only thing I'm trying to
sell you is that that this opinion if so
if someone had this opinion it would be
legitimate legitimate means they're not
doing it for self-interest
here's a legitimate opinion on gun gun
control we don't know what to do but we
have lots of ideas we can try states
that have already tried some of it let's
do a deeper dive to find out if any of
it's working
if any of it's working let's consider
making it more widespread for example
apparently there are these red flag laws
and I think Massachusetts has one few
other states in which somebody can be
flagged as having
potential mental or violence problem and
they have handguns and there's some
legal process in which they can be
temporarily removed to remove the danger
does it work does it work I don't know
do you know I don't know if there's a
way to know because if you take
somebody's got away and then they don't
do a shooting you don't know you don't
know if they would have done the
shooting I think you have to do it
probably for a while before you can
determine whether or not it worked but
you could certainly say we'd like to do
a deep dive on this and get to a better
common understanding now if you said
that let's try some things and see what
works I would say well that sounds to me
like somebody who actually just wants to
solve a problem but if you say and every
time it doesn't matter who it is doesn't
matter if it's Trump saying it doesn't
matter if it's AOC saying it doesn't
matter which politician or pundit is
saying it if you hear this form of an
argument well the problem is X doesn't
matter what X is doesn't matter you can
fill in X with anything and the person
who's talking is lying or stupid it's
the end of the story you don't have to
listen to them if somebody says the
problem is too many guns they're lying
or they're stupid if they say the
problem is video games and nothing else
they're lying or they're stupid if
somebody says it's it's a way supremacy
they're lying or they're stupid that's
it it doesn't matter what you feel in X
with if it's just one variable you're
lying or you're stupid now and this this
applies to the ones that you like too so
if there's somebody on your side
who's coming out in public and saying
well the problem is X they're lying or
they're stupid because whatever whatever
the situation is there's certainly lots
of variables let me give you some
backing for this opinion so their New
York Times those story that said video
games have been studied and they can
find no causation so in other words they
can't find causation between video games
and the people who consume them more
likely to cause a mass shooting are you
convinced is that the end of video games
video games been cleared because they
did a study and they found no confirmed
causation and in fact not even the
correlation so there's neither causation
nor even correlation between how much
video games use you consume and whether
or not you become a mass shooter so end
of story
no wrong question
here's the right question how many mass
shootings happen in countries that have
access to guns but for whatever reason
nobody watches video games and nobody
consumes movies well that doesn't exist
right you can't actually study the
effects of video games when they are
universal and in fact the New York Times
article said as much
they said that video games are universal
and here's where they they add the loser
think this is so dumb that I feel like
it gave me a headache reading it they
say that video games and violent ones
are universal and not everybody is
becoming a mass shooter so therefore
video games are not the cause right now
they didn't say it as directly as I'm
saying but that was the inference does
that make sense no let me explain the
problem with new thinking and I said
this before but I'm gonna connect it to
this explanation people do the things
they can think of that are doable you
don't do things you can't imagine what
today I'm going to spend the entire day
doing things that I have thought of
before I'm drinking coffee
this is something I have thought of
before I did not wake up and order an
exotic kombucha well maybe I thought of
that one before but nobody who has never
heard of kombucha has ever ordered one
before hasn't happened no one who is
never heard of yoga has ever
accidentally done it do you feel me no
I'm gonna say that again because I liked
it so much nobody who has never heard of
yoga has ever accidentally done it
likewise mass shootings happen exactly
because they're top of mind it doesn't
matter that you played a lot of video
games it doesn't matter how many movies
you've seen in which there are lots of
mass shootings is simply matters that
it's top of mind so the culture does
create a situation where mass shootings
are the first thing you think of what's
the first thing you think of this week
mass shootings it's all we're talking
about and it's on the news it's in the
movies it's on TV it's in video games
that so now the problem is there's
probably no way to get rid of it and
here's the other loser think how many
times are people gonna say this stupid
ass thing and again I'm going to talk
about both sides everything I'm saying
so far is equally applicable to the left
and the right program anti-gun and
everybody in between
just making Universal statements it is
looser think meaning an unproductive way
of thinking to imagine that finding the
cause helps you find the solution it's a
big big problem and you see it all the
time in other words let's say let's say
you imagined that the problem was white
supremacists and let's say it was true
let's say it was a world where he only
had one variable and it was that does
that mean that
fix involves only doesn't mean that the
only way to fix it is to go after a
white supremacist well you might want to
go after them for you know other reasons
but the thing is it might be that the
problem is the way supremacist but the
solution is a gun law I don't know which
one and I'm not promoting anyone in
particular I'm just saying that if you
think the problem has to be directly
related to the solution that those those
two things have to be connected then
you're not smart enough to be in the
conversation because they never need to
be connected the problem could be
Trump's rhetoric the problem could be
video games and again I'm not saying
there's ever one variable but even if
you imagine hypothetically there were
one variable for the shootings and you
could identify it let's say the one
variable is mental illness or the one
variable is gods whatever it is even
hypothetically if you could identify it
you wouldn't tell you what to do because
the solutions are often unrelated so the
solution might be just preventing access
to something or you know who knows so
you got to decouple what's the problem
from what's the fix and if you can't do
that you're probably a political
candidate you'll notice that the the
political people can't do that but
they're trying to sell to you that it
makes sense to even think of it that way
if you can't even frame the problem
correctly well you're not really
qualified to be a leader
somebody says firearms are far harder to
obtain today than in 1965 what happened
here's my theory at least a theory that
goes to the the a ours and the the scary
looking rifles so I hear the argument
that you can do as much damage with
handguns you know if you're determined
to do that so I I hear the drum I can
hear the gun experts saying it's not the
gun it's the person but let's go with
that
let's say it is the person
is the person separate from the gun can
Kenny ever say that the the person is an
entity completely separable from the gun
well you can in a legal sense because a
gun can't commit a crime a human can
commit a crime with a gun and then they
go to jail so in a legal sense you can
absolutely separate them there's a clean
total universally agreed seperation guns
don't create crimes they're just tools
right so it's so hard to read your
comments and think at the same time
every now and then I'll lose my train of
thoughts it'll take me take me a minute
to get back so what I was saying here
was that you can't really separate the
person from the gun because people
choose guns for emotional reasons let me
say this if a ours
if those a our rifles looked like a nerd
weapon would there be as many mass
shootings with those weapons nope I'd be
willing to bet that that's not the case
the coolness of those weapons in other
words the the the awesomeness of the
look and feel and how it makes you
respond to it is like the woman and the
person sort of become one entity in the
sense and it might be more useful to
think of it that way
because here's here's an idea that I've
heard nobody suggests which is to make
to make rifles less awesome
now I'm not I'm not suggesting that I'm
just saying why hasn't that been in the
conversation because if you tell me that
a a 20-something year old male let's
just say 20 years as sort of an average
for shooters if you tell me that a young
male is going to want to do a mass
shooting with an unmanly weapon and
an awesome-looking weapon I'll tell you
not less they're severely mentally
disturbed
in which case and you know anything goes
but you can't separate the feeling that
people get from an AR from their actions
with it the the person in the gun sort
of become one entity because they're
compatible in that way the gun is
perfectly designed to have an effect on
the user because remember guns have been
made for a long time and the natural
evolution of gun design is if a gun
maker makes a gun that doesn't have a
cool look people will buy it because you
have a choice of lots of different guns
and so you choose the ones that makes
you feel a certain way you know on top
of function you wanted to feel a certain
way now
could this be tested is there a way to
test this hypothesis I don't know might
be but the point is that if we say
there's a 1:1 thing and we're trying to
separate it and say that's the problem
it's either the person or the gun look
at what you've missed as soon as you say
is either this or it's this you've
missed the fact that the gun and the
person or one unit that they work
together
the gun changes the gun changes the mind
of the user you don't think so because
I'd love to see anybody debate this let
me let me give you this mental I'll give
you a a mental experiment let's say
you're pro-gun but you don't own a gun
okay
so here's the scenario just imagine that
your pro gun in general but you've never
owned a gun most of you can't imagine X
I think most of you own guns but just
imagine you've never owned one
you're just not opposed to them and then
then somebody gives you let's say it's a
gift I don't know if that's even legal
but let's say you acquire you buy and
they are because your friends have one
and you just you know want to own a gun
for safety
whatever so you get in there now you're
a person who had not thought of any bad
uses from the gun but now you've got it
into your hand and you're looking at
yourself in the mirror do you think in
in the history of people who have bought
ARS is there even one person who ever
bought an AR and did not look at
themselves in the mirror holding it
probably never I'll bet in the history
of of those rifles no one has ever
bought one took it home unwrapped it and
not stood in front of the mirror because
that's what you do now once you're
standing in front of the mirror with an
instrument thing that is able to kill
lots of people
does it change how you think of course
it does because everything you do
changes how you think everything you
focus on changes what you think so if
you stand there with a gun and you play
with it enough you are automatically
going to be thinking about shooting mass
numbers of people and you and the gun
becomes sort of one mind the gun is not
separate from you the gun is changing
who you are in real time
the gun is rewiring your mental
processes simply by standing from the
mirror and looking at yourself holding
it did you know that you could check it
I mean I don't know how easy that would
be a check but common sense and the way
the mind works tells you that every
experience rewires your brain that's
what experience does and that specific
experience takes you to mind to a very
dark place and instantly it does so
think about the complexity in the
situation and when you see anybody
saying is one thing just know that
they're lying or stupid I'm seeing
people talk about how many mass
shootings were under Obama but every
time I see that I do not see a compared
and why not
don't make the point if you're gonna
make your point look like you're lying
here's the point that looks like you're
a liar even if you're not lying so if
you have the facts on your side don't
present the facts in exactly the way
that sounds like you're lying here so
I'm talking about so people will say
under Obama
there were X number of mass shootings
okay that's just the fact now if you
don't compare that to the first you know
three years or whatever of Trump so we
can see okay is it going up are they the
same kinds of shooting or the body count
going up is er there's a different
ideology what's different if you haven't
done that just shut up about it because
showing showing us that there were mass
shootings in the past has no use unless
we're comparing them to the present and
even then you might be seeing more you
know you might be seeing something you
can't explain it doesn't mean therefore
it's the president because that's just
one of the variables that have changed a
lot of variables have changed presidents
just one of them there's a question
about whether white supremacists are
mentally ill was a was Elizabeth Warren
who said that in a tweet that waist'
that white supremacy is not mental
illness and so I asked myself is that
true you know where do you draw the line
at mental illness because I would say
mental illness would be if you're if
you're looking at yeah I would define
mental illness as if somebody says hey
look at this coffee cup and you look at
it you say no I see a frog no it's
coffee cup there's nobody else now is it
I think it's a frog and everybody else
uses the caustic coffee cup well you say
the person who sees a frog might be
mentally ill and so I ask you this in my
life which is very very long
I've met good people and bad people of
all types I've met people I would
consider racists even people who would
consider themselves racists but here's
what I have not met in my let's say in
20 years in 20 years I've never spoken
to a single person and I've trust me
I've spoken to bad people I've spoken to
people who have committed every kind of
crime who have the worst thoughts the
worst that i-i've really trust me I know
some bad people but even I and and it's
part of my philosophy that I will
unreservedly spend time any way I want
with anybody I want no matter how bad
they are no matter how good they are
it's why I hold that as an absolute
freedom of which nobody can I won't let
anybody interfere with that but in all
of that I've never met a white
supremacist and I'm gonna be maybe I'll
end my career by saying this so let's
see how this goes I've never never met a
white racist we thought that white
people were better as sports then let's
say black people just to pick one
example nor have I ever met a white
racist who thought that white people
have the highest IQ among the various
ethnicities because they generally say
that's that's you know Asians have
higher IQs this is what the races say
and they say that as a measure Jews or
whatever have high IQs and so I've met
races but I've never met a supremacist
in the last 20 years or so because your
eyes are telling you white people are
not supreme like here's my coffee cup
it's not a frog if I turn it on the TV
and look at sports you know the highest
level of athletic prowess I'm not seeing
white people dominate are you I'm seeing
the opposite
so certainly white people are not
dominating in any physical way if you
look at mental well how do you measure
that
if it's college if it's college
Ashkenazi Jews was the phrase I was
looking for thank you somebody help me
in the comments if you think IQ is how
you measure intelligence even the races
say we're not anywhere near at the top
and here's the even more weird part if
you were a white supremacist what
exactly would you look to to make the
determination that you were awesome well
usually they look to people who invented
things and you know people who did great
things in the past you know and they say
hey look at all the look at all the
things that were invented by white
people but those white people are not
you they're not me I mean I invented
Dilbert I didn't change the world I
didn't invite the I didn't invent the
like you the light bulb I didn't invent
the computer I didn't I didn't invent a
car I didn't invent much of anything so
in my opinion there probably is no such
thing as a white supremacist except
people who have some mental problems
there are definitely a racists ordinary
racists who just say well you know every
every group has some advantages and
disadvantages that would be what the
racists would say but I just prefer you
know my people for whatever reason those
people exist plenty of those people and
they're in every group but but I've
never met a somebody who literally
thought that white people in some
general way were superior to other
groups I just haven't met that and so I
question whether they exist but if they
do exist
I don't know how they could not be
considered mentally challenged because
the evidence is just
refuses so cleanly alright um so there's
that so I'm reading a fascinating book
that I haven't finished so I have more
to say about it but it's called nations
or what's it called American nations and
what they talk about is the founding of
the country and how it was really made
up of lots of little cultures and and
types of people and we don't really get
that history you know you get the
simplified American history oh there
were thirteen column colonies and they
were all awesome and they banded
together to fight Great Britain and then
you hear people like Steve King say
Western culture is awesome then people
say well you must be racist because you
like Western culture and until I started
reading this book I said to myself hey
that's not fair you know I can't read
Steve King's mind I'm not gonna defend
everything he's ever said isn't this
Steve King yeah senator or congressman I
mean I'm not gonna defend everything he
said but there's certainly nothing wrong
with saying that Western culture has
some advantages yeah whether you agree
or disagree because its culture it's not
ethnicity but then I read this book
where I read I read this much in this
book so far and here's what here's one
of the things that sort of changed how I
think of the founding of the United
States turns out that there were two
Western cultures maybe three and so when
you say Western culture you're not
talking about one thing because you had
the Puritans coming in and the Puritans
were trying to get away from you know
the oppression of Europe and they they
came and they said how about treating
everybody equally but you have to be
religious but otherwise everybody's you
know give me somewhat equal and then you
had the people who came to the southern
states and some of them came from a
culture in which there were sort of the
special people the rich the royalties
and then everybody else was below them
and they were essentially slaves
and one of the things I didn't realize
that that is that the African slave
trade happened because those white
people ran out of other white people to
enslave because that's what they did
first they were literally enslaving poor
white people and they just didn't have
enough so they they ended up having to
look elsewhere for their slaves but
think about this the original slaves
that were actually indentured servants
but in many ways they were essentially
slaves that the first slaves were white
people by other rich white people who
were part of Western culture so I now
I'm now changing my opinion so my
opinion used to be what's wrong with
Western culture looks pretty good you
know democracy capitalism and you know I
think of those things when somebody says
Western culture I think of you know
maybe the the church and the good things
of the church and you know freedom and
equality but turns out that is not
Western culture indeed the people who
brought those qualities to America wait
for it were escaping from Europe because
they didn't have those qualities in
other words the stuff we like is
American and calling it Western culture
is sort of over selling the European
contribution because it sort of was an
American invention to treat everybody
equally you know you could say similar
stuff was happening in France but
there's no such thing as sort of a
Western culture it was just a whole
bunch of good and bad some of the good
stuff you know stuck with us some of the
bad stuff stuck with us - all right so
that changed entirely so from now on if
somebody says Western culture is good
I will regard them as uninformed as I
regard myself as uninformed meaning that
until you learn a little bit more about
what this Western culture brought us
such as slavery of both white people and
black people
I've been the just the worst possible
thing until you accept that it's hard to
be a big fan of this Western
civilization even the religious people
were killing people in the name of
religion etc all right let's talk about
Trump condemning white supremacy so I
guess he talked about video games being
a cause we talked about that and then he
condemned white supremacy I think he
used the word white supremacy once I
grade his performance and F failure for
my critics who just continually like to
say the same dumbass thing scoffs well I
don't have Dale with me today so I'll
have to make do Scott why is it you only
say that's the president those good
things and you never criticize him so
therefore you are not a credible person
to which I say uh apparently you've
never listened to me because I criticize
them all the time
criticize them on healthcare criticize
him on immigration and on race relations
this is a perfect example how did the
president do in healing the nation and
getting out of this you know everything
was about race and the white supremacy
stuff how did he do I would say a
complete failure I'd give it a solid F
love to give it a d-minus I'd love to
say well you know he barely got it right
but it was right I want to say that but
he didn't he didn't even come close it
was a swing and a miss there was a
missed by this far it was it in close if
you wanted to even pretend that you're
they are trying to heal things he wasn't
even close and so I think to myself what
would make a difference and by the way I
do I do see your comments that you think
he did do the right thing but I would
argue that he only did the right thing
to the people who are
on his side in other words he was sort
of talking to the bass and the bass
didn't need to hear it anyway but you
know it helped them that he said it so
that they could repeat it and they could
say oh he said it the right thing but he
didn't say it in a way that was
persuasive you didn't he didn't say it
in a way that could ever help complete
failure and I hope everybody hears me
say this because I don't want him to
fail I don't want in fact you know I
didn't want any president to fail I was
supportive of all presidents you know
once they're in office I support the
president period yeah unless something
really weird happens so so Michele I see
you disagreeing with me but here's what
I would ask you is there anybody you
know who changed their mind based on his
speech if not then it was a hundred
percent failure because I think only the
people on the right said at least he
said the right words so I can repeat
them when people come after me that's
not enough it's not even close not even
enough and so I thought to myself what
would be enough and you've seen that
I've been working on this debunking the
fine people hoax and it is such a sticky
lie the lie of course is that the
president called the neo-nazis find
people in Charles Ville indeed he said
exactly the opposite his actual quote
was they should be condemned
totally and he called them out by name
at the same time but if he showed the
first part of the video let me summarize
this so I have a long-form blog which
which debunks the fine people hoax
you've seen the Steve Cortes has done a
great job of continually debunking it he
did not only I think was Real Clear
Politics did a long article a great job
of debunking it and then he just did a
Prager you video which again terrific
work debunking it here's the problem I
think that everything that Steve has
done everything I've done everything
Joel Pollock wrote in Breitbart which is
on the same topic all of us have made
the same mistake it's a big complicated
topic and people can only hold little
bits of facts in their head and it's
just it's too hard to explain how they
could be so wrong because people say
things such as well I saw with my own
eyes I heard it with my own ears and
therefore everything you say after that
is just blah blah blah to me and and
unpersuasive so here's how I suggest
shrinking down the argument to its
smallest point and maybe if carpe Noctem
immersively wants to do a meme on this
it would tell the story we need to three
screens and you want to tell the story
in I think you could do it in 12 seconds
because you need to compress the
complicated thing down to a point where
everybody can consume it with the audio
on or the audio off so that's the other
thing you have subtitles so it could be
consumed with or without audio and the
entire story can be told in 12 seconds
here's how I suggest doing it this is so
the first three slides says this is what
the media told you happened and then you
show President Trump saying they were
fine people on both sides then the
second screen says this is the part they
don't show you that happened at the same
time cut to it the next thing he says
I'm not talking about the neo-nazis and
white nationalists they should be
condemned totally and again you've got
subtitles so you don't have to have the
sound on third screen wait for it I
believe there's a poll I don't know if
it's credible yet so somebody needs to
find that this is a credible poll but I
believe there was a credible poll that
said that 44% of African Americans were
in favor of keeping Confederate statues
because once you've debunked the fact
that the president was clearly not
talking about it once you establish that
he was clearly not talking about the
neo-nazis being fine people and
that's what the second slide supports
then people always retreat to well but
why were they there you know there can't
be any fine people who support statues
and that's what the third slide is for
to show that african-americans you know
at least a good number of them also
support them and are clearly not racist
and therefore it must be true that there
are fine people who support statues
because nobody is saying that the
African American community who is okay
with keeping historical monuments even
if their monuments about something
that's ugly
they prefer keeping the history that's
not a terrible opinion that's just a
different opinion I personally would
like to get rid of those statues because
I think they're offensive to enough
people that they don't qualify as good
decorations and they're not even good
history we get better history from the
internet so so so that would be my
suggestion
Amy maker to have three slides first
part of the quote labeled this is what
you saw second part of the quote this is
the part they edited out in 3rd slide
African Americans support the statues by
40% and they're fine people I think you
might be able to make a dent with that
if you also linked maybe to the full
story or the full transcript so that
people could check themselves because I
think people would think hey you've
edited these clips to be misleading so
they might have to go check for
themselves to see that it's not
misleading but if you can't make this
complicated story into all seconds with
three slides that anybody can understand
immediately you don't have a chance of
making a big dent in in that hoax here's
what I would do if I were Trump here's
how I would attack it I wouldn't I would
go after the media and I would go after
them directly and I would say this well
there were two ways to do this and he
didn't do either one one way would be to
make a much bigger deal of his statement
against racism and white supremacy
what he did look sort of like you know
when a ten-year-old is forced to
apologize for taking somebody's toy he
sort of looked like that like you didn't
want to be there so you either have to
do it you either have to sell it like
you want to be there which he didn't do
or go this way and say let me tell you
what the media has done to you people
for two years you've been hearing that
that I called the neo-nazis fine people
here's the clip that you keep seeing and
basically I'm saying that he could
reproduce the three slice you can
actually have this in each size when
he's talking but he can reproduce them
with language you can say you can say
alright let me show you the clip of what
you've been seeing there are fine people
on both sides now let me show you the
rest of the clip that they don't show
you imagine the President of the United
States showing you the two clips the one
the one where he says fine people then
went the one where he says immediately
after that I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and the racists they should be
condemned totally and then mentioning
you know a recent polls had 44% of
African Americans want to keep the
statues nobody's saying that they're now
fine people we can disagree with him
calling each other racists you know he
might continue supporting the statues
etcetera but it would be on the same
side as 44 percent of the African
Americans were asked in that poll I have
a little question about whether that
poll is accurate or credible so I
wouldn't do any of this until we find
out if that poll holds up that would be
important all right let me see I think
oh let's talk about that Dayton shooter
in the el Pasto shooter first of all
when Joe Biden got the two cities wrong
I guess he was confusing them with where
the Democrat debates would be and I
thought to myself
aha this could be an important turning
point where people realize
people realize somebody says come on
Scott why do you think Trump failed you
just have to show me one Democrat would
change their mind then I'll agree with
you that he succeeded if the only thing
he did was tell his base that
everything's okay
that would be a complete failure and
that's I think where we are so so I
thought wouldn't Biden got the cities
wrong of the two latest shootings that
it would be such a sign that he's too
old to be President that it would be a
meaningful turning point but then of
course President Trump I don't know if
he had a teleprompter a problem or what
it was mentioned Toledo and got a city
wrong and so in some ways I would say
that you know you have to worry because
both of them are a certain age and you
got to worry about that you have to
worry about that but here's here's my
take on the political polarization of
the two latest shootings so we've got
the one guy who wrote a manifesto and
then the other guy in Dayton the El Paso
one wrote a manifesto so we know a
little bit of his thinking and then the
Dayton person apparently had mental
problems and shot his own sister who he
liked so whatever happened in Dayton
even though he was a Warren supporter
and an anti-fascist or it didn't have to
do with politics so I think we should
just take politics out of that one
because the fact that he supported
Warren seems completely unrelated to
shooting your own sister you don't kill
your own sister over your love of
socialism I don't know
so it it is not fair to say that if the
other shooter was a white supremacist
and we're going to talk about that
because he wasn't it's not fair to say
that it's balanced down there's there's
one form each because there wasn't there
was just one crazy guy so that's data is
just a crazy guy
what about El pasa El Paso was he a
political terrorist domestic terrorist
or was he just another crazy guy well I
read the manifesto and I can conclude I
will conclude that he was intelligent
but that it didn't make any sense except
that he didn't like Democrats so what I
read in the manifesto and maybe
fact-checked me on this did I miss a
part what I read is that he thought that
immigration would change the electoral
nature of this country and make it more
of a Democrat stronghold which would be
a one-party rule and there was a
one-party rule the kind that he wasn't
crazy about I don't recall anything in
his manifesto about the ethnicity of the
immigrants I don't even know if he
talked about crime did he I think he was
talking primarily about it changing the
electoral nature of the country and
changing it in a way that he didn't
approve of because apparently he was not
crazy of a Democrat rule but at the same
time he was talking a yeah he was as
you're saying in the comments he was
anti corporations and pro-environment
which sounds a lot more like the
Democrats but it sounded like his major
point you know the bigger point was that
immigration would give us one-party rule
and it wouldn't matter which one it was
that it would be bad now if you're going
to do a mass shooting over that concept
the concept that Democrats would have
more power I don't know if you can call
that same can you I so I'm no expert and
we always have to be careful where we
draw the line between crazy and what
insane and if you're in a clinical
setting and you're trying to decide
let's say guilt or innocence from her
you know could you did you know what you
were doing were you that crazy those
things matter
but when you and I are talking were not
in the clinical setting were not in the
legal setting were in the trying to
understand the world setting and the
trying to understand the world setting a
person who writes a long manifesto which
says that a mass shooting to reduce to
reduce the number of Democrats and
government is that is that sane is the
same that he would think that this would
make a difference is it sane to think Oh
and therefore I'll kill a bunch of
people I don't see how there's any sane
connection between that because he
couldn't have possibly thought or did he
that you know I'll go kill a bunch of
people and that should make that should
give us more immigration did he think
that because if he did he was insane so
there is there is a category of crazy
people who can function in the world so
well that they would never be
institutionalized and might not even not
when they wouldn't necessarily even be
on meds if a doctor got all of them so
he was certainly in that gray area where
I personally as a non doctor and not
part of the legal system would say he
was insane to put more than that on it I
think is over interpreting it and it's
part of the political process that we're
trying to find winners and losers and
the left and the right so I think
anybody who says that either of these
were political probably has some
explaining to do even though one of them
wrote a long political manifesto that's
sort of what crazy people do you know
crazy people find a way to express their
crazy if the same guy had just say
killed his ex-girlfriend would we be
saying that it was a murder what would
we say it was a crime of passion
probably not probably say he's crazy
because he killed his girlfriend
but he does it for politics of we know
say he's crazy because he wrote some
incoherent stuff on his manifesto well I
look crazy to me so that's all I have to
say about him and I think that's all I
got to say about this Shapiro says Trump
is all of a sudden ignoring the advice
was aids following his gut instinct
that's crazy
well I don't know if Ben Shapiro really
said that so I I'm not going to comment
about Ben Shapiro specifically because I
can't verify you said that or it might
have been a different context but I will
say that if anybody believes they have
anybody who believes that they
understand what's going on in the in the
private conversations in the Oval Office
that's not credible even even I found a
private conversation in the Oval Office
do you think anybody knows what I said
to the president no well it was one
person there but you know you haven't
you haven't heard a reporting that's
right how would anybody know well I
didn't as it turns out I did not give
the president any advice but if I had
how would you know and if he hadn't
accepted my advice how would you know
how would you possibly know that the
president has private conversations all
day long how would anybody know whose
advice he's taking we can't know that
impossible so that's not a credible
opinion all right they got you on tape
yeah I probably was taped but it's not
in the public it's not in the public
domain all right
that's all for now I will talk to you
all later