[Music]
bum bum hey everybody yes Muller time
more Muller
all the time you know I've never wanted
to talk about Muller so much as I want
to talk about it today and you know this
conversation it would be good by itself
if you just came here to hear a
conversation you'd probably be pretty
happy with it but no you could do more
than that you can enjoy the simultaneous
up making your conversation come alive
in a way that Muller did not make the
molar report come alive and all you need
to enjoy this ceremony this little kick
to your dopamine is you need a cup of
mugged or glasses time to tell us a
tankard possibly thermos or a flask a
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid dye like
coffee and join me for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
simultaneous yep here it is Oh extra
good coffee today I would say my coffee
has been mullah rised that's my new word
for extra good extra good all right
let's talk about all the stuff I think
you probably watched the Miller stuff
non-stop yesterday as did I by the end
of the day I was so full of Mahler stuff
I was ready to go to sleep but I woke up
to more Muller stuff so let's talk about
it let's give the overall first of all
I'm probably not going to say too much
that maybe didn't hear in the news
treatment yesterday but I'm gonna put my
own special spin on it or as Missy
Pelosi you might say my special spin on
it
number one the Muller did not look
competent that's sort of the big
takeaway
people are using different words to
describe it well he didn't look like he
was the same molar he used to be now
people are trying to be kind but Muller
did put himself in the situation where
he was the face is the most important
issue of the country and maybe he should
have known that he wasn't the right
person for the job I don't know if he
has declined quickly recently that's
possible he meant maybe by the time he
took the job he was in better shape well
first of all let us give President Trump
credit for not offering him the job to
head the FBI
there's a story you didn't see right is
anybody saying President Trump got it
right when he didn't offer Muller the
job as head of the FBI now I think that
Muller is claiming that the job was
never offered or he wasn't asking for
the job I think is what he's going to
say they just had a conversation about
it but at that level if the president
calls you if to have a conversation
about a job you can't really walk out
and say we weren't talking about me
taking the job you don't go to a private
meeting with the president to talk about
a job if you're not you know if you're
not either the person filling the job or
a candidate for it so just just saying
here are the takeaways things that I
learned from the malaria investigation
that I didn't know did you know that
there was was there anything that you
didn't know that you learned there were
for me there were some things I didn't
know here's one did you know that Glenn
Simpson the fusion GPS guy he met with
that Russian lawyer who met with Don
junior in the Trump Tower meeting there
Glenn Simpson met with that lawyer both
before and after the Trump Tower meeting
did you know that
I didn't know that turns out that fusion
GPS is sort of in a lot of this stuff is
aren't they
there's a lot of fusion GPS in this but
that's okay because we had this whole
Muller investigation and in fusion GPS
suddenly steel Doce and all that if they
were central really to the question that
was being investigated
well at least Muller investigated
everything about them to find out if
Russia was really doing a disinformation
kit what what oh I'm being told that he
didn't look into that at all what what
the mauler investigation didn't look
into whether the steel dossier was a
Russian misinformation campaign given
that the entire topic was about Russian
interference and it was the biggest most
obvious example of Russian interference
you don't even need to be a professional
to know that the Russians were evidently
involved in a major misinformation thing
that could have changed our election why
was that not listed as one of the most
major things that Russia did to
influence our elections why was that
left out so I I'm gonna make a bold
statement there was no Muller
investigation because if Muller left out
of the investigation the most important
part of the best of the investigation
which is was Russia messing with our
election if he ignored the most
important one the one that you and I
know about I'm not sure that you could
say he really investigated could you I
think you'd have to say there was
something like a cover story of an
investigation there was something like
yeah people got talked to people went to
jail but I don't think you could call
that an investigation could you I would
call it something else yeah I guess
Muller was saying it wasn't his
his purview but given that no literally
nobody believes that right now there's a
little bit of fate news I'm gonna call
fate news on this that Muller didn't
recognize fusion GPS when it came up in
the questioning did you see that little
exchange as Pig reported as though
Muller had never heard of fusion GPS but
if you listen to the actual video it's
another one of these where it can be
interpreted to waste when I looked at it
it didn't look like that at all so it's
being reported that Muller didn't know
who fusion GPS was I looked at the
videotape and I said no that's not
what's going on there he was confused
about the question or the situation or
what page or what context it was but he
didn't say I don't know what fusion GPS
is that's actually just faint boos as
far as I can tell I looked at the same
video where everybody else said let's
say what else you're something that the
public probably never heard I have heard
this but it was so de-emphasized and I
think it was only on Tucker Carlson show
and maybe no place else in the world
this news which came out because of the
the Muller hearing was that we don't
have any direct evidence that Putin was
behind any of the interference
you know I first heard that on Tucker
Carlson show and I thought wait a minute
I've been saying this from the beginning
does it and first of all let me let me
fact check this is there anybody who
remembers there from the very beginning
I've been saying yes I keep hearing that
Russia is involved but you and I have
not seen any and the evidence of that
happen have I not been saying that since
the beginning yes I understand that our
intelligence services say that Russia
was involved but you and I have not
heard anything we have seen no evidence
of that we have seen evidence that a
troll factory ran some ads mostly
pro-trump some of them pro kleh
who is it will explain to me why the
troll farm that was trying to help trump
explicitly ran a number of Pro Hillary
ads can somebody explain what was going
on there you know it would make more
sense if somebody said okay we were just
trying to mess with our elections in
general but did they have a bad trol did
they have a little troll for him and one
of the trolls went bad and when they
said hey everybody this is your job make
ads that are good for President Trump
was there a bad troll who wasn't
listening that day and that's all
decided I think I'll make some trolls
there some troll ads that are good for
president or for Hillary Clinton that
doesn't make sense it never made sense
what about that whole steel dossier what
about the fact that when we were saying
that Russia was interfering with the
election who was the first person you
heard say Russia's interfering with the
election why do I keep hearing about
British people who told you that first
probably the first person who ever said
I noticed we're talking about it like
his Russian interference but it looks to
me like British interference who said
that
me I probably was the first person who
ever said that or that you heard not the
first person who ever said it obviously
so I would say that the whole Moeller
thing is a disgrace to the country a
complete disservice a waste of money
except to help the president I suppose
indirectly and it didn't do the basics
of his job it didn't look into British
interference and it didn't look into
Russian interference because it didn't
look into the steel dossier so and it
didn't make a it did not make any direct
connection that has been revealed to us
or even revealed to Muller or whoever
wrote the report because even the molar
report does not say Russians did
interfere it says it appears that way it
seems that way that's a pretty pretty
big difference in the world where we're
wrong about just about
everything all the time if we lives in a
world where you could be right because
things look right well it seems right
therefore when things seem right they
usually are right we don't live in that
world we live in the world when things
seem exactly right they're completely
wrong routinely the most the most normal
thing that you know about the world that
maybe wasn't so obvious a few years ago
the most the most clear thing you know
about the world is it just because it
well it seems like the Russians were
involved it feels like it means nothing
it doesn't mean anything the most basic
fact of this whole story is
undemonstrated but it's undemonstrated
meaning unproven it's unproven in a
world where things just seeming like
they're true doesn't mean anything
anymore so the reliability of all this
is pretty close to zero for around 25 40
billion dollars and all of the pain and
distraction that it has caused let's
talk about how the Democrats are taking
it it has been well reported that many
prominent anti-trump errs are even
saying oh my god this was a total waste
of time apparently Michael Moore came
down pretty hard on Muller and even Phil
Mudd who's pretty
I was spoken to say the least anti-trump
ER even C said the Democrats should just
shut up and move on he said just shut up
and move on
let's talk about healthcare take the L
Phil Mudd I give you respect for that
because it's actually hard to take the L
all right I would say that he's got the
the ones who were willing to do it the
ones who were just saying okay that
didn't work out it wasn't what we
thought it would be the whole thing
failed but let's move on iris
like that because at least this shows
somebody is learning the people who are
not moving on they're not learning and
they're not doing anything useful for
the world either so at least FilmOn gets
partial credit for that but not for the
last three years of ragging on the
president for nothing or was keep what
amounted to nothing here are some more
people that this whole situation is bad
for Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders the
reason it's so bad for Biden Sanders is
that we have this situation where
everybody thought that Muller was
competent and in charge
everybody thought everybody thought he
was the man but it turns out and he's
this Patriot so I don't want to I don't
want to I hate to malign his reputation
but it's about the country now it's not
about him and he's a patriot and he
probably understands that sometimes you
know there are casualties and
unfortunately here's one in this case
it's obvious he was too old for the job
I think everybody would agree with that
there's probably nobody who watched it
on either side who did not come away
saying Oh turns out he was too old for
that job now when you've got a Biden in
the Sanders who are certainly on the
cusp of the too old problem if not
unambiguously too old that's gonna kill
those guys I don't I don't see any
chance the Biden and Sanders won't
either
won't see their numbers slide somewhat
directly because of Muller and even
though President Trump is up in years he
is so energetic and dynamic that you
don't even really you don't even see him
that age do you do you really even see
Trump as being the same age as Muller or
Biden of those guys that it looks like
apples and oranges Trump seems like he
has every bit of
and mental agility ever had and those
other guys look like they're losing the
step but not birdie let me say Bernie
does not look like he's losing a step
but you see the oldest one I think I
think he might be the oldest one so you
the thing you worry about is that when
they decline it happens quickly that's
the problem
all right i I think questions are gonna
start swirling around Nancy Pelosi too
because of age when she talks she slurs
her words and I don't know what that's
about
is that about age or is that about
dentures
does anybody know because Nancy Pro she
she's from our sort of shores are in a
bit now maybe that didn't mean as much
before but now that we've seen the
Muller risk to the country and it is a
risk it's pretty big risk people are
gonna start to ask you know do we want
somebody who's who's on the edge alright
did it seem to you like this whole
Muller investigation sort of evolved
into a Dilbert cartoon did Muller not
turn into the point here boss is that my
imagination like maybe I see everything
to that filter but it seemed like one of
these situations where the boss knew the
least about what was going on which it
is a Dilbert comic strip do you think
that I will get a Dilbert comic strip or
two and of the Muller report yeah yes I
will I will because it's a perfect you
know big organization problem where the
employees are trying to manage the boss
and the boss somebody a lot of a lot of
you in the comments are saying that
Pelosi is drunk I'm not saying that but
I will say it sounds like it it sounds
like the slurring of somebody who's had
too much to drink I doubt that's what's
going on
but it's the look and since there are
politicians on the national stage the
look matters you know it's not nice to
talk about those things but it's it's
important all right let's talk about
Boris Johnson new prime minister in the
UK he apparently gave a speech in which
he said that the UK is heading toward
wait for it a golden age a golden age
where'd he get that it's a great phrase
so I've been saying that the u.s. is
heading for a golden age but the UK got
their their own version of a Donald
Trump band and he said it explicitly
time for the golden age I don't know
exactly what he was talking about but I
can imagine so it's good good to know
that at least the UK is thinking in
those terms now here's a question for
you given that I believe the UK was
somehow involved with the whole steel
dossier situation because Christopher
steel was at X pi and are there really X
buys can you really be an ex-spy I'm not
sure that's even the thing but what
would happen if Boris Johnson decided to
maybe open the lid on whatever it is
that the UK knows about this whole
situation I don't know that he will
probably would be bad for the UK but on
the other hand he might say you know
they knew the new broom sweeps clean and
he might say you know I'd like to
improve relationships with the United
States
he might say it's a golden age he might
say let's get right with the United
States and let's tell them what we know
and maybe we'll find out some things
about the UK that we didn't know before
maybe I think the odds been are pretty
low because ultimately they have to do
what's good for the UK we wouldn't want
them to act any any differently because
that would be a weird world if everybody
acted against their own best interests
of but I would put it out there that
there's a
zero chance that Boris Johnson will
surprise us with some information about
maybe what the UK knew and when it who
was involved with Christopher Steele
alright there's a cryptic report that
Epstein was injured in his jail cell no
information about that as to whether it
was an attempted suicide or a beating
but wasn't Epstein in his own cell was
Epstein with the regular population
because if F Steven was with the regular
population
well you'd expect him to get beaten so
what's up with that why would they do
that so if he attempted suicide was this
part of a plan I don't know but it's
really interesting I would say slightly
more chance of it being self-inflicted
only because I can't imagine they put
him with the general population that
would be my guess all right the new CEO
move yeah Boris Johnson will probably do
the new CEO move that I described as the
first things you do when you gain power
when you take the job as a CEO for
example the first things you do or what
people will lament will know about you
as your brand so if Boris Johnson does
something surprising that's on brand for
him that it's the thing that he wants
you to know him by don't be surprised if
he acts quickly to do something that
sticks in your mind and tells you who he
is if he's smart and I believe he is
Epstein might get the UK involved
there's a connection there and maybe yes
so Epstein might have the keys to the
kingdom
meaning the Epstein might have a lot of
people's secrets
if Epstein were in jail and any of those
super important people who allegedly are
at risk because Epstein is alive if
those people wanted to kill him when he
was in jail how hard would it be
probably wouldn't be that hard one way
you could kill Epstein if he were in
jail I'm not suggesting this by the way
I'm just speculating they could have
slipped him something to kill himself
for example they might have said to
themselves you know this guy's probably
gonna have some suicidal thoughts if
somebody gave him a bag of opioids one
of these nights he's gonna he's give him
down that bag he's gonna have a bad
night and he's just gonna take care of
it himself
so one way to do it would be just make
sure a guard slipped in the bag
the other way to do it is to have the
guards led him into the general
population and that probably would take
care of himself so maybe that's what
happened so one possibility is this
someone who's trying to kill Epstein
compare that to maybe he just wanted to
do it himself because he's gonna go to
jail for life those are both good
theories and I would not say I would not
say one of them is more likely than the
other at this point yeah okay so what
else was going on seems like those are
the only fun stories but let's talk
about the bigger picture of Muller I
have to ask myself what happens to
Democrats mental health now and I say
that not jokingly even though everything
we talk about is sort of fun completely
seriously imagine if you had been a
Democrat and you had had this belief
about the molar investigation that it
was competent it was a big run by
serious capable professionals for all
the right reasons
and that it would
producing results they would clearly get
rid of this this monster you believe is
President Trump and you've been living
with that belief a solidly for however
two years whatever what happens to your
mental health when you find out none of
that was true
that there was not really a real
investigation because the steel the
steel dossier thing was just ignored I'm
not sure you could call that a real
investigation there were real stuff that
happened and the real professionals who
did real things but I don't know that
you even got up or got anything there
was a investigation and then when it was
done he comes up with this cryptic were
not exonerating you for the president
guess what
he also didn't exonerate me because
that's not his job either do you know
he'll see didn't exonerate his dog
Muller did not exonerate his own dog
from being a murderer because that's not
his job he doesn't exonerate dogs
he doesn't exonerate anybody he's not an
exaggerator so for him to say in his
report I'm not exonerating anybody when
in fact his job is neither to is never
to exonerate it's nobody's job was that
doing a good job it's not no when you
put that phrase we're not exonerating
the president in your report you're not
a you can't be taken seriously because
that is just a political statement it is
meant for a political audience and it's
the opposite of what he was supposed to
be doing you're supposed to be helping
the country heal or at least you know
get to the facts didn't do it didn't do
it now if you had been taken and so
badly abused by your own media sources
what would you say about them after
going through this experience what do
you say to yourself well they only got
one wrong cuz you know you if you
cabinet it that way you'd say well
that's one topic the molar report they
got one wrong but it wasn't just one
it was walled wall
coverage it was the main thing and then
when you look at things like the the
fine people hoax you know the idea that
the president called neo-nazis fine
people when you can just look at the
video and see that he said they should
be condemned totally the opposite of how
it's reported if you're a Democrat and
that's the only thing you saw you'd say
yeah I'll just still believe my the
thing I believed before I saw the facts
because the little stuff you can sort of
just act like it didn't happen
you know our brains are good at just
ignoring any evidence that goes against
what we believe but the smaller thing is
so big is so big and what the anti-trump
errs believed about it was so wrong that
they they must have at some point a
track record of being completely wrong
about who would get the nomination to be
Republican completely wrong about Trump
winning completely wrong about what
would happen if he did win completely
wrong about the economy completely wrong
about his success overseas completely
and thoroughly wrong about everything
important that's that's their life
completely wrong about everything and
now this Mahler report comes out the
thing that they had hoped would be the
the thing that saved them from all of
the other wrongness think about this had
they been had they been wrong about
Trump getting elected and all of the
other stuff had they been wrong about
that but if Mahler had come in and said
oh you weren't really wrong it's only
because the Russians got an elected and
he's a bad seed just like you always
thought so it turns out that although he
didn't predict the events very well you
were still right about the big story
so the Mullen report gave that the
anti-trump errs at least the hope they
even though they had guessed wrong about
outcomes who would win what would happen
with the economy and that sort of thing
that they'd still be right and the big
picture that that Trump was a big
Russian including monster and that's the
only reason they got elected if that
could be right
if there was a world in which that were
true then they were not insane for the
last three years that's a pretty big
deal Muller was their last hope to tell
themselves they hadn't been insane for
three years I'm not I'm not exaggerating
Muller was their last hope to learn
about their own mental health and find
out if they had been good or had they
been actually mentally distressed and
crazy for three years and what Muller
told them unambiguously was they had
been crazy for three years and wrong
about everything for three years and
didn't know it it was the last the last
little hope when you hear Phil Mudd say
we should just Democrat should just shut
up about the Muller report now and focus
on health care that tells you that all
of the other stuff were lies or hoaxes
or just wrong he's not even saying Phil
Mudd is not even saying and we better
talk about the economy because the
economy's doing well Phil Mudd is not
saying yeah we'd better get somebody
else in here because there might be a
nuclear war
as there ever better president who took
us at further from the risk of nuclear
war than this president never no
president has ever gotten you further
from nuclear war than this one and even
his opponents know that so there's
nothing left by health care and the news
this morning is that the administration
is floating some plans to drastically
cut the prices that at least the
government pays for health for
pharmaceuticals so I think there might
be some cracks in the - movie situation
most people probably 80% of all the
people who were anti chompers will find
some tortured way
- to maintain their hatred against all
evidence they'll find something that
they can hold on to but I'll tell you
when it came became clear that Omar and
Talib were were essentially just racists
and our racists that certainly takes a
bite out of your your hatred for the
president doesn't it when you find out
that the people on your side are
unambiguously racist and guess what from
now until Election Day I'm gonna be
calling them racist every time they
tweet out something at least that's on
that topic but the old videos yeah the
old videos of interviews with Omar the
tweets that both tell it and Talib and
or have made are just clearly racist
there's no question about it at so we'll
label it and once people realize that
all of these topics sounds a little bit
racist if you if you're talking about it
people are gonna realize that sorry my
technology is talking to me so I think
you can find that there may be a solid
chunk of Democrats who just say oh my
goodness I was taken this is so
embarrassing dude at what point do
Democrats just feel embarrassed I don't
even know if that's a thing here's when
we make another prediction for you are
you ready
AOC who can be a bit racist herself AOC
is going to soon learn that her brand
AFC's brand is being diminished
substantially by omar and may be too
late too late I always pronounce her
name wrong I believe that a or C will
someday in the future know it might not
be this year but a or C you will find
some distance between herself and Omar
in particular I think she's gonna need
some distance because for her own
benefit
the average of her brand is being
lowered a OC by herself is pretty
powerful a oc+ Omar plus Talib is is a I
know C+ so she has allowed herself to to
have her average taken down from again
you don't have to agree with their
policies this is not the point this but
in terms of effectiveness she's sort of
an A+ for effectiveness but when she's
put into the squad which the Republicans
were happy to do the Presley sort of
disappears I would say she's not
important to the conversation she's just
part of the squad but Omar and tell Abe
Talib Omar and Talib somebody's helping
me with the pronunciation here they are
so bad for a overseas brand I think
she's probably gonna create some
distance eventually she'll be forced to
do that for rune benefit so that's what
I say I have pinned the slaughter meter
at 300% so the odds of a Trump
re-election slaughter is essentially
guaranteed if nothing changed but
something might change oh by the way
there's a news report that of all things
what what a weird coincidence that
Michael and L the my pillow guy might
consider running for omar's seat can you
imagine if Michael and L the pillow guy
the my pillow guy if he ran against Omar
could that be any better come on
that would be just the best thing ever
from a from an entertainment perspective
first of all you'd probably win because
as I've noted he really knows how to do
this stuff as a public communicator he's
used one of the best you'll ever see so
he could actually just walk into
politics and
- mark very few people could do that but
he can walk into a political situation
for Congress maybe not as a senator
maybe not president maybe not right away
but for Congress he can walk into any
district and I think he'd be the
front-runner pretty quickly what do you
order my thoughts on Dan and Crenshaw
somebody's saying very similar to what
the president thinks of Dan Crenshaw
Crenshaw has a very very strong game
both politically and say charisma wise
and social media wise so he has Crenshaw
has the tools the President Trump has
without some of the rough edges so he's
got a little more credit and probably a
lot more credibility because he's got
the military service behind a wounded
veteran but he's also got the full game
so he's got the communication skills
he's got the persuasion he's got the
social media he's got the risk
management he looks like he's got a full
toolbox that's my guess so I would say
that Crenshaw takes a little bit more
seasoning and then I would hate to run
against him for president can you
imagine some poor bastard will Sunday I
don't know when probably not that the
next cycle or two but some poor bastard
is gonna have to run for president
against Crenshaw I would place my bet
already and I don't even know who's
running who will be running against I
was saying the odds isn't running for
president are very high someday and
whoever is running against him you could
just place your bet today it's like you
don't even need to know the other name
you know just wrong as candidate in the
world on the Democrat side and you don't
even tell me the name because I'll tell
you crayons did Crenshaw would win it
all right the eye patch is good branding
it kind of is yeah yep it kind of in US
it's weird that Crenshaw could turn that
into a positive but he did he did
Oh somebody says Crenshaw is born in the
UK is that true what I'd like to hear
more about that I don't know if that's
true
borrow reinstated the federal death
penalty this morning really for what
I got a look at that while you're still
here hold on
federal death penalty that would
probably be on Fox the reasons not
looking at I want to say has to do with
I don't see yet on the top pages so wait
on that with the I heard his perception
that's a weird question all right I
think we said what we need to say I've
got more more followers than usual but I
have less to say so that's all for today
and I will talk to you later