good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but could it go even higher
could it be even better it can and all
you need for that is a copper M Glass a
tanker CH Stein a canteen jogur flask a
vegetable of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparallel pleasure of the
dopam me headend of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous SE happens now
go yeah savor
it well if you had said to me 5 years
ago Scott should we build a wall on the
southern border you know what I would
have said
H that's a good idea good idea if You'
ask me four years ago should we build a
wall in the southern border I'd say
still good still good three years ago
two years ago one year ago same answer
yes probably need that
wall but today we learn that our
government is considering and maybe even
deploying robot dogs at the
border robot
dogs well I don't like to admit I was
wrong about anything really but I'm
going to make an exception
today I was so wrong about that wall
thing cuz if we built the
wall probably no chance of robot
dogs now come on what would you rather
see immigrants coming up to the wall and
saying h damn we can't get over we
better go back that's no fun or would
you rather see unlimited videos of robot
dogs chasing immigrants across Open
Fields taking them down and waiting for
the Drone to come in to put the cuffs on
them you tell me which is more fun yeah
now I don't I don't wish any harm on the
immigrants who are just trying to have a
better life but I really do want to see
a robot dog take down people running
across a
desert I'm not the only one am
I come on help me out here I'm not the
only one right I'm not the only one who
wants to see robots take people down in
the
desert anybody else anybody okay it's
just me it's just me it's just me and
Barry Barry apparently is on board thank
you
Barry all right um in other Rob robot
news uh Elon Musk is tweeting a new
image of the new Tesla robot
Optimus now I was pretty excited about
Optimus until I saw Optimus walking has
anybody seen the video of Optimus
walking I don't want to alarm you
but it looks a little like
this
now I think you probably caught
on yeah here's the question I
have how long has Joe Biden been a
robot cuz there are no other humans who
walk like
that am I right when I do my Biden
walking impression do you say to
yourself that could have been anybody no
you don't you say I've never seen
anybody any human walk like that and I
didn't know like why is he the only
person who walks like that and then I
saw Optimus walking and I said oh
already happened he's been a robot for a
long
time and she and Biden is really the
perfect choice to make your first
humanoid
robot because there's not much to work
with there you know the one of the hard
things to do with the robots is to get
the facial reactions right but if you're
just doing Biden all you have to do is
that that poppet Walter you know the the
the frowny
face and just look like you don't know
where you are very easy Bar for a robot
to get across and then what about
intelligence I mean the hard part right
is getting the
intelligence well it turns out that
there again AI doesn't have any trouble
matching uh Joe Biden's intellect and uh
communication
style so it's perfectly possible that
Biden has been a robot for the last
three years and we're just finding
out i' just like to add that to the mix
in case anybody needs a new conspiracy
theory aren't you tired of the old we
didn't really land on the moon and you
know the the cotton trails in the air
boring right
pizzagate boring boring we need we need
a new conspiracy theory that Biden has
been a robot for three years
now just putting that out there all
right speaking of
robots uh Don Lemon who you know has
retired from well Force he was forced to
retire from CNN I guess he doesn't watch
CNN anymore but reportedly he watches is
the daily wire in Ben Shapiro and Pierce
Morgan all right did anybody see that
coming did you ever imagine that Don
Lemon might have a little bit of let's
say not love for but maybe appreciation
for a little bit of the messaging on the
right does that surprise
you you shouldn't it shouldn't because
if you saw some of his older videos he
was pretty
anti-me and he was against sagging pants
and basically any culture that would be
negative to you know
success
so are you
surprised I'm not surprised a bit not
surprised a bit CU it always looked to
me like the CNN hosts were playing a
role did you always have that feeling it
it never looked to me like the those
were their honest opinions it always
looked to me like the boss told them how
to be they had really good paychecks so
they gave him what the boss
wanted I always wonder that about uh
Jake
Tapper you know don't don't you wonder
if his opinions would change the moment
he took another job I feel like it might
but there's no way to know so you you've
see now that uh Chris Coro who also had
been you know the the uh let's say the
compatriot of Don Lemon CNN um he said
recently that he would be open to at
least considering voting for Trump and
most of you said well that's a lie and I
told you it's not a lie I'm not saying
he'll vote for Trump you that'd be still
a stretch but when he says he's open to
it that is not out of the question
that's actually true I I believe that is
100% true and if you heard tomorrow he
hasn't said this but if you heard
tomorrow Don Lemon say I haven't decided
who to vote for but I haven't ruled down
Trump I wouldn't even be
surprised now I'm not saying he will
ever say that I'm saying if he did it
wouldn't be that
inconsistent with what we know about him
and and how we know CNN operated it
wouldn't be a huge surprise it'd be news
but it wouldn't be a
surprise and especially if you're
talking about stuff like crime in the
cities and open borders there there's no
reasonable Democrat who thinks those are
good ideas there aren't
any all right
um so there's a survey that says 50% of
Americans uh watch content with the
subtitles on most of the time because
they can't hear it Chris Williamson was
posting about this and when asked her
main reason for using sub titles uh 55%
said it's hard to hear the
dialogue and nearly three and four
claimed muddled audio do you do you know
why it's impossible to watch
TV have you ever tried to watch uh any
drama and during the
daytime indoors is
dark have you ever notice
that daytime it'll be daytime in
somebody's office and it'll be dark and
they just act like that's okay and then
all the people will Mumble and
whisper in the dark so you can't see it
you can't hear it do you know
why do you know why this content would
be made that way now you might say to
yourself well it's probably a technical
limitation but I don't have any problem
hearing the
news does anybody have any trouble
hearing the news no I hear every word
that every pund says say even if they
have an accent no matter what even when
they do the report from the field and
there's like wind or background noise I
can hear them perfectly no problem at
all not once with a news program how
about sports do you have any trouble
hearing Sports no no no you you can say
oh they're talking louder or something
but not really Sports they're talking
over the crowd noise they're always
talking over noise I can hear them
perfectly
so why is it that dramas are all garbage
that you can't see them and you can't
hear them I'll tell you
why because all the directors and the
actors and whatnot are trying for an
Academy
Award in the Academy Award apparently
you've got to have a disability you've
got to be some kind of you know ethnic
religious group that's you know Under
Fire and you've got to be in the dark
and you got got to whisper and Mumble to
sound
serious and they just won't make any
other kind of
movie now part of that is because the
creative people have too much power do
you remember when movies were good back
in the Hitchcock era well maybe you're
not young enough you're not old enough
to remember that but there was a time
when a movie would be a real tight 90
minutes and you'd watch that 90 minutes
and you'd say that was that was tight
good dialogue good acting it didn't see
where it was going nice twist at the end
wow good show and now and now you watch
a movie you can guarantee that somebody
will be tied to a chair to be tortured
you can guarantee that there will be
this overly long romantic scene so that
you can understand that the two lead
characters love each other because you
couldn't figure that out by the context
or anything and then then there will be
some like cringy you know gay scene that
they have to put put in there and just
make sure everybody's got their
situation and by the way the the heteros
scenes are all cringey as well so the
cringy part does not apply to the fact
that they're gay the cringey part is I
don't need to
see uh you know
semi racy sex scenes in a movie they
never add they never add to the quality
of the movie I I fast forward through
all the romance scenes I fast forward
through all car chase scenes cuz they
all look alike now you can't really it's
pretty hard to excite me with a car
chase uh all the torture scenes where
somebody ties to a
chair
and and and usually I also go past the
one hero beats up 15 people scenes oh no
the hero is surrounded by 15 people I
wonder if the hero can beat all 15 in a
death fight yes they can fast
forward can you imagine yourself
watching a Hitchcock movie and even
thinking to fast forward any part of it
just just just hold that in your mind
you would never even consider it you
would
never at all right so and and I'm I'm
told that the reason is that the
directors and the actors and the writers
and stuff have more power so they insist
that all of their content get in there
and then they got to throw in those
things that people expect so yeah movies
are terrible so China is deflating so
instead of inflation they have
deflation and um we hear different
stories of their imminent economic
demise every day probably all
exaggerated but I'm wondering this just
sort of a basic economic question would
the United States already be toast
economically if not for the fact
everybody else was doing
worse is the only thing that's
protecting
America the fact that everybody else is
a little bit worse because right now we
can still attract
investment even though you know we're
shadow of our former selves economically
in some ways um but it's because where
are you going to put your money in
Russia China North Korea it's like we we
just don't have what we used to have but
other people are worse
so yeah that's a that's a pretty sketchy
situation but it's holding for
now looks like Tucker Carlson has
started up his Tucker Carlson
Network and uh I'm hearing all kinds of
things about it so he's doing an amazing
job of getting
attention uh but I was listening some
audio clips from him yesterday and one
of them I think was on Spaces he was
talking about
uh K John Pierre the
spokesperson he say she's so dumb you
can't understand how she even got a
driver's
license so so Tucker has vowed that for
the rest of his days on this Earth he's
going to tell the truth no matter how
brutal it is in his personal life and
professional life now I always thought
he was telling the truth before but but
it sounds like he's announcing he's
going to the next level cuz he doesn't
have any sponsors or anything so he's
just going right at the corruption and
incompetence he says everybody knows
Biden is senile and his spokesperson is
the dumbest person we've ever seen in
the job and it's a miracle she got a
driver's
license now does anybody think that Gren
John Pierre is keeping your job for any
reason other than her diversity
nobody thinks that I I can't imagine
there's even a Democrat who thinks that
she's qualified for the job but maybe I
don't know maybe they
do but it will be fun to watch Tucker go
uh full honesty speaking of Dei more
articles about it
dying uh so there's a backlash over Dei
you know the diversity equity and
inclusion stuff and uh colleges and
companies are starting to pull back a
little bit not enough I mean it's still
pervasive but there seems to be some
kind of a trend going on and programs
are being cut in various places but
here's the funniest part of the
story uh one Dei professional was
interviewed about why you know
everything's going wrong and the Dei
programs are being cut and one person
said that the solution was not to cut
Dei because you know you're not getting
the result you want the solution is more
Dei cuz the Dei stuff was getting um
heat for not being pro-israel enough I
guess and they're saying but if we were
a little bit more Dei we would be pro-
Israel too and pro we would be more
pro-islamic people two if only if only
you gave us a little more money put a
little more attention into this Dei we
hit it a little bit harder than those
problems that you're see at Harvard
they'll go away so what you need is more
of the thing that's not working until it
works
now I love it when something I don't
like goes to the point of only being
funny every story about it is just how
funny it is while it's dying this is
funny it's funny that they think the
solution to that is more of
it okay now I'd like to make an
observation that I'm unique uniquely
qualified to make about Dei are you
ready uniquely qualified so now now
that's a claim right imagine all the
people in the world a billion of them
and I say I'm uniquely qualified to make
the following point and of all 8 billion
people I am uniquely qualified is that
too big a claim can i p can I back it
up well I say I
can my biggest bestelling book was
called the Dilbert principle and the
basic idea of it and basically it's it's
the thing that put me on the map because
it was such a big hit is the idea that
uh at least in the early days of the
tech boom you know the high-tech boom um
I came up with the observation because I
was working in Corporate America at the
time that if you it was hard to get
qualified technology people in your
company so there was a a great thirst
for more high-tech employees and they
were hard to get so if you wanted to
find somebody who would be the boss of
any high-tech
group you didn't want somebody who had
no experience in technology that'd be
disaster but you also don't want to
waste one of your smart really good
programmers or technical people you
don't want to waste an engineer in a
management job you know ordering the you
know having meetings and
telling people to give you status
reports I mean it's a wasted
function so I so I made the Ry
observation that the bosses of all the
technical groups were the dumbest
people now that was actually
true now not 100% true everywhere like
nothing is but it was an observation and
I was seeing it all over the place they
would literally promote the least
technically qualified person so you
didn't waste Talent it would just be a
waste of talent to have them as a
manager
now take that
concept which was obvious enough that it
made the book A bestseller because
people read that and said oh yeah that's
what we're
seeing now let me ask you this two years
ago or however a few years ago when
George Floyd became the big thing and
then uh businesses said oh we better
hurry up and get us some Dei employees
and a de Department
dep who do you think they hired when
they were in a big hurry to get a Dei
Department did they look among their
existing staff and say we have to pick
our best and our brightest and put them
into the D Dei group probably not
because you don't want to waste you know
your best Finance guy or your best
technology woman you know the the people
who really are making the company home
you don't want to waste them so who are
you going to get well you're probably
hiring from the
outside but have I ever told you that if
you do anything to artificially
constrain your hiring pool you're pretty
much guaranteed to get less quality
right let me give you an example if you
said let's put the greatest technology
Minds from the country of
Luxembourg in a contest against the
greatest technology mines in let's say
China which one would you expect to have
greater technology mines the tiny little
country of Luxembourg which has very few
people of any kind much less Geniuses
you know probably have the right ratio
but there's just not many people China
could even have you know hypothetically
they could have you know fewer as a
percentage and still have you know 10
million more experts so anything you do
to artificially constrain the number of
people that you consider guarantees you
a low quality right so now they're
saying all right we don't want to waste
somebody who's in our existing structure
so let's hire from the outside at the
same time everybody else is hiring from
the outside for the same reason so
you've got a limited pool because
suddenly everybody's trying to get them
very much like AI experts right the
reason we're talking so much about this
Ilia what whatever last name is uh who's
missing from open AI suddenly is because
there aren't many of them the the reason
when Sam mman you know looked like he
was pushed out of open AI the reason it
was a big issue is there aren't many Sam
mtans there are not many of him right
and and so if everybody tries to make an
AI group and this would be Elon musk's
problem as well you don't want to be the
fifth company that tries to make AI cuz
cuz the first four already hired
everybody who's in the the top Zone
everybody right there just wouldn't be
anybody
left uh Ilia yeah okay I thought you
gave me his real name but it's not
kaken Man from Uncle reference all right
so here's the
point the Dei professionals are not only
selected from a limited pool because
everybody's selecting at the same time
all the companies got panicked at the
same time
but on top of that the Dei professionals
had to be black and
female am I
right the the ones I see are fairly
often black and female so it looks to me
like that was a requirement of the
hiring I I can't imagine that there's do
you think that there's any Dei group
anywhere in America as a white man
running
it Dei group cuz you would just laugh at
them if they did nobody would take that
seriously so you have to remove the
category of all white men from your pool
of potential hires how about white
women white women white women are
actually doing kind of okay in today's
world aren't they so if you want a white
woman you're going to have to get
yourself a
lesbian you're going to have to get a
lesbian or disabled or something and of
course there's nothing wrong with that
duh nothing wrong with that the pro the
point is it limits the
pool if you say we like white women you
know they'll be okay but they got to be
lesbian well no it's very small
pool so I want to make I want to make
the point as nonb bigoted as possible
it's not about the fact that they're
black or that they're women or that
they're lesbians that makes them less
capable nothing like that that those
characteristics are not part of the
conversation the conversation is if you
artificially limit the total number of
people you even in consider you can't
possibly get a high quality set of
people everywhere right you could do it
individually in some places but you
can't get it everywhere so we we created
a system somewhat
accidentally that guaranteed the Dei
groups within every company would be the
least capable
employees is that
unfair based based entirely on everybody
pay panicking to get the same small
group of people and and strenuously
avoiding big populations like white men
and big populations like um high-tech
people who had other
value right
so I always say to you design is
Destiny this was a
design which any any person who knew
anything about anything could have
looked at and said wait a minute you're
all doing at the same time and you're
artificially limiting the type of person
you can hire that design guarantees
incompetence guarantees it now again I'm
not talking about any individual person
who got hired I I remind you that even
if it doesn't sound like this sometimes
I'm absolutely against any kind of
discrimination against an individual for
anything you know any of the immutable
characteristics so
it's not about any individual it's about
just numbers you restrict the pool you
get fewer people so we should be seeing
the complete destruction of Dei by
incompetence alone now now when tuer
Carlson says look at
Johan uh Karin John
Pierre I hate to say it but she's
obviously the least capable person who's
ever done that job and it's obvious that
although there's nothing wrong with
black people or or women or lesbians she
was hired for those reasons or some
subside of those reasons and everybody
knows she's doing a terrible job
Democrats know it but they can't do
anything about it do you think that
Biden can remove her not a chance not a
chance so he's created a situation which
by
Design he can't fix by Design he put in
somebody who you can't
fire now have you ever seen that happen
before to have an employee a high level
employee who no matter what they do you
can't fire
them have you heard of
Harvard Harvard is a some kind of a
college I hear and uh they have a
president who has apparently plagiarized
like
crazy and uh did exactly the same thing
that another College president saw
already been asked to step down for and
the entire country wants her to step
down well not the entire country but a
lot of
it and uh she can't be
fired can't be
fired all
right so that's where design is
predictive um I went to the mall
yesterday to just experience the
Christmas of it I didn't really need to
go cuz I buy anything I want online but
if you didn't see this I posted
it picture of my Mall this is my local
mall this is a Christmas rush it's 5:00
p.m. this is yesterday 5 p.m. Christmas
rush at my Mall there it
is there's not even a
person this is the middle of the rush
you can't even see a human being in the
wall
now this this was a misleading picture
because normally there were at least a
few people there was no store that had
anybody waiting at a cash
register like I walked by every store
and I just looked in to see if anybody
was
buying there was no store with anybody
at a cash register now of course people
were buying things but there was no line
it's Christmas there's no lying so what
are they going to do with all these
malls
um I'm thinking high-end
condos because honestly I think it'd be
kind of cool to live in a live in a
converted
Mall it' be kind of
cool you know it would depend how they
did it but I could totally see myself
overpaying for a condo in a
mall I don't know why I just like the I
like the space of it you know they do
such a good job of Designing the space
so that people want to be there just cuz
how it feels just the openness and
everything I feel like you might like to
live there I don't know put an indoor
garden in the middle in the big open
walkways just put indoor
gardens have the robots do the work be
kind of cool yeah you need more windows
they need more windows for
sure well Robbie Robbie Starbuck uh had
a little uh eye opening situation he
used a Google's bard their Ai and it was
asked a series of questions about him so
he was asked a bunch of questions about
himself and AI went on to uh make
horrible defaming lies about
him you know I won't give any of the
examples but basically just said he was
you know a horrible racist who did
terrible things and here's the thing
most of the claims were actually made
up so B just lied like crazy about him
so he's a public figure you know
somebody that writes and posts and stuff
so he's a public figure and uh Bard
basically just absolutely slimed him I
mean I'm not even going to tell you what
it said because I don't want it in your
head just really
bad so then he said my God is this
something about AI or something about
me so he ran AOC through the same set of
questions kind of likes her AOC well
there's a spunky politician who's adding
a lot to the
world yep
now how in the world are we ever going
to use
AI now it it's it's starting to to
become clear that AI will be probably
amazing in image
generation right ability to create an
image that doesn't exist in real it I
think it's going to be beyond amazing in
that realm and I really didn't see that
coming actually but in terms of being an
honest broker of
information I don't know if there's a
chance I don't know if that's solvable
because the whatever makes ai ai is
still mysterious even the people who
built it don't know why it's doing what
it's doing they can't even predict what
it will do next but I ask you the
following
question how could AI be anything but a
racist if it's trained on Public
Information how is it even
possible here's what I think is probably
happening just a guess I'm guessing that
AI might have bad things to say about
people in general or at least too many
bad things just because it's trying to
be honest uh and also because it would
be picking up the criticisms of people
at the same time who was reading about
them so in theory AI should have a
little bit good and probably a little
bit bad about just about anybody right
but imagine if you're the creators of
the AI and you put Al Sharpton in there
and it says he's a racist what are you
going to
do you going to let that
go nope no you're going to go in there
and say um we better put a little
Safeguard in here if you're Al Sharpton
you know we're not going to call you bad
names I'm sure they're not using that
specific one but just to get the idea
then you put in
AOC and it comes out and says AOC is a
communist or something because the
critics say that now what are they going
to do are they going to say well that's
fine because the critics do say that and
you know they show their work so I'm not
going to make AI I'm not going to give
it its opinions I'll just let it go into
the wild and come up with its own
opinions but if they said that AI that
AOC was a communist do you think that
the creators of the AI would let that
stand or would they put in a little line
of code that says okay if it's AOC don't
call her a
communist and do you think that they
might have an entire department that's
doing nothing but putting in rules and
adjusting so that
traditionally what do we call it uh
disadvantaged groups so that
traditionally disadvantaged groups do
not become further victimized by
AI now many of our problems in the world
are based on Good
Intentions yeah and by the way do you
think they would put the same safeguards
in for uh Robbie
Starbuck do you think anybody bothered
to do
that something like if a if a notable
white person is called a
racist you know may maybe you should
back off on that do you think any put
anybody put that rule into AI of course
not of course not do you think if you
ask questions about George
Floyd that the AI would give you a
completely unbiased opinion about
that not a chance it' be too
important right so you're not going to
get an honest answer from AI or just as
bad you won't know if it's
honest it's just as bad if you don't
know right cuz you think maybe they just
programmed this in there I don't
know yeah they're they're not helping
out any disgrace cartoonist I'm sure of
that yeah if you Google
me it's not going to show you my point
of view you know that right my point of
view is is very well expressed in the
wild because I was out there expressing
it but if you were to Google AI about my
own situation it'll just tell you I was
provocative and many people said I'm a
racist does that seem like a capturing
everything you need to know about
me I feel like that's leaving in a few
things few relevant things
right but I will add to the AI is
 uh at least when it comes to
public figures did you know that 100% of
all articles about famous people are
 I've been telling you this for
a while but now we're going to add AI to
the bullshitting so you're not going to
just have a writer lying about somebody
because all public figure stories are
fake now we'll have ai making up stories
about public
figures speaking of that
um
um Bill akman who as you know activist
investor has been going hard at Harvard
and so there was a big media hitpiece on
him surprise right surprise he's going
after Harvard now there's a big HIIT
piece on him and he had to write this
extensive
explanation to show you how wrong the
reporting
was and I helpfully you know boosted his
message by saying remember all stories
about public figures are fake
all stories about public figures are
fake all of them as soon as you think
some are real you're
lost they don't even bother writing the
article if it's going to be
real they don't even bother writing it
there are only two kinds of articles
that journalists
write this person is awesome and
everything they've ever done is kind of
awesome too that's for their friends or
this is a
and this is everybody cuz
he's a and a
racist nobody wants to run a story that
says you know good points and bad
points Nobody Does that right so all
stories are either overly good or overly
bad but nobody tries to balance it
because nobody would buy that story you
can't be a writer if you write that kind
of you know balance stuff nobody
wants
it yes so also uh Christopher
rufo who is one of the superstars in
fighting against wokeness wakes up to
find three hit pieces against him uh and
I guess the splc's after him which I
always remind you you have to know the
players the news doesn't make any sense
I let you know who funds who who's
married to who and who used to work in
the administration of who you that's the
minimum you need to know the
splc is not exactly an IND independent
operator who's looking out for your
interests that they
are some would say some who know a lot
would say they're just a uh an
organization that's another kit job for
the
Democrats basically it's an organization
to take out their political enemies now
they do actually go after bad people
just like the ADL the ADL does go after
bad people and does do legitimate things
but they're also
very much a Democrat Hammer so it's not
like they're trying to play it even
right they're they are very corrupt
organizations super corrupt as corrupt
as you could possibly be yeah uh but if
you didn't know that you might have a
different opinion of Christopher rufo
when in fact you should think he's a
hero all
right uh
Obama has produced his first fiction
film for Netflix called Leave the World
Behind mind uh would you be surprised to
know that the critics love it critics
love it what do you think the audience
thought about
it absolute racist yeah it's
anti-white it's literally anti-white say
the critics I'm not going to watch it
but say the people who watched it they
say it's
anti-white and of course the critics
love that anti-white stuff but uh the
audience not so
much somebody said it's funny that
Obama is the president who bombed the
most I don't think he's the one who
bombed the most but did Obama do a lot
of
bombing or he made a bomb o Obama just
made a movie that bombed he made a
bomb do not never order somebody to make
movies what's his name
Obama we don't want him to make a bomb
well his name is
Obama
but that's not as funny as what the
simulation has given us for the name of
the leader of Hamas does anybody know
the leader of
Hamas first name is yeah
yay last name is
sinir sin SI i
n and then
War yay sin
War now come on
so Obama's making bombs in the form of
movies in this case and the head of
Hamas is going yay sin
War none of this could be
real yeah and what about uh former
president who is being uh who is being
uh taken to court on what kind of
charges is our former president being
taken to court on what what do you call
those trumped up trumped up charges and
here's the thing they are actually
literally trumped up
charges they're
clearly obviously trumped up now that
doesn't mean that they're not you know
technically there's some violation that
went on there I'm saying that they
trumped it up to the level where it
sounds important when it never
was trumped up
charges was Derek Chauvin a chauvinist
well I don't know about
that all right let's see what else is
happening
here uh Mike Ben is I think Mike Ben is
now a a must
follow let let me add him to he's not
even optional if you want to pretend you
understand the news just follow Mike BS
B NZ just like
mercedesbenz and he's talking about the
election Integrity partnership
ship uh he was he was on a show the
podcast and apparently this thing called
the election Integrity partnership was
anything but and they they were involved
in censoring millions of prot trump
tweets they had a 2020 so they were
basically a censoring Organization for
censoring one side more than the other
of course um it was a level high level
DC operatives in the transition
integrity
project so within the election Integrity
part ship I think was it separate or
within it doesn't matter but there was a
transition Integrity project they were
plotting according to Mike a uh a color
Revolution if Trump won fair and
square now they don't say it that way in
their documents they make it sound like
if he loses and keeps power you know
what do we do about it but I think
somewhat obviously
it was also going to include if he won
fair and square they were going to do
the same thing whether he won not fair
and square or one fair and square they
were going to do a color Revolution now
if you don't know that term it basically
means that some outside entities will
get a bunch of people to march in the
streets until the country becomes
ungovernable and the leadership has to
change so that's sort of something you
do for some other country if you're
trying to change their leadership you
fund from the outside a bunch of
seemingly Grassroots protests but
they're not Grassroots at all it's
organized by some entity so apparently
the Democrats were planning to overthrow
the country through the same same uh
mechanisms that they used to overthrow
other countries or the at least America
has used and that it was actually
documented and well understood that they
were going to run a coup in the United
United States if Trump won the fair and
square now that's that's what Mike Ben
says if you were to read their own
words they would couch it in if if he
clings to power illegally they would do
these things so that but that's sort of
a fig Leaf I think it's pretty obvious
that they would have done it no matter
what if if he had been in power they
would have done it no matter what so
while I would argue that probably
there's nothing nothing so illegal that
a court could deal with it because
they're pretty smart about how they
message things uh it does look exactly
to me an opinion not a fact but as an
opinion it does look exactly like they
were planning an actual Revolution like
an honest to God
Insurrection that's what it looks like
to me so I agree with Mike benz's
interpretation of
that and now an episode of what I like
to call backward WS science backwards
science there's a new study coming in
that says that having kids makes you
live longer if you have one or two kids
that's the ideal you'll live longer than
people who have no kids but also longer
than people have multiple
kids does that mean that one way you
could improve your health is by having
kids CU that's what they suggest why
don't you have some kids it'll help you
he or
or I'm just going to put this out
here um if I'm going to a woman do
I pick one that looks unhealthy or one
that looks
healthy try to try to guess my inner
thoughts um I want to that woman
but she looks like she's under her last
last breath I think she'd be dead in a
week good to go no
no is it
possible that men select women for
breeding based on their
health of course of course it is is it
possible that women select men for
breeding based on their
health of course it is of course it is
would you expect that when people choose
each other wisely because of their good
health with the intention of having one
or two children which is a strong signal
of somebody with control a plan and
ability to stick to the
plan do you think if you looked at the
people who can make a plan for
moderation they can they can execute the
plan properly do you think that that
tells you something about that group as
opposed to somebody who has 17 kids
because they haven't figured out what's
causing it
or somebody who has no children because
nobody wants to wife them up or husband
them
up doesn't this seem like backward
science to
you to me it looks like it's just saying
that healthy people are more likely to
have one or two kids and you're either
going to be a nut job or maybe you're
insane if you have 17 kids and if you
have no kids maybe it's cuz nobody
wanted to have a kid with
you that's at least part of it now of
course A lot of it is people don't want
to have children or can't afford
it but
still of the people who can't afford to
have children I would bet you that of
the people who can't afford it the
healthiest looking ones end up more
likely having
them don't you think that's
likely that even the ones who don't want
them are still more likely to have them
just CU they're so damn healthy that
somebody's going to try to talk them
into it yeah you're not going to try to
talk an unhealthy person into having two
kids but you might try hard to talk a
healthy person into it because you say I
want more of that you know the reason I
married you is because I like all of
that so I I want to see more of that
yeah backward
science all right uh the FCC is going
after musk of
course uh Brendan Carr chairman of the
FCC is calling it out and basically he's
throwing the FCC under the bus as you
should cuz it looks like looks like it
is completely political I'm I'm going to
take the speculation and looks like out
of this one this is so obvious I don't
have to talk about it in terms like oh
some critics say or people are claiming
no this one is so obvious this is
weaponized government going after Elon
Musk because he's not playing their game
that's all it is and when he and when
Brendan Carr calls it down publicly
I think we're done here
right I think we're done if you don't
know who Brendan Carr is look it up but
if he says this is exactly what it looks
like it's exactly what it looks like
right that's the end of the story right
you don't guess somebody like him
calling this out in public unless unless
it's way over the
line and it
is so the Biden Administration through
the FCC uh revoked 885 million Grant
starlink so this is something that had
already
been already been approved and they're
yanking it back and they're apparently
putting in place some requirements so
would make it impossible to get back
it's just purely
political
 uh Michael Cowen Trump's ex
disgraced
attorney uh did something pretty funny
so he's trying to uh reverse let's say
his supervised release so he he's a free
person on supervised release but he
wants to get rid of that early and so he
uh filed some kind of a legal motion and
uh referenced a number of uh case
law but three of the cases that he
referenced do not
exist at
all he didn't misinterpret them they
just don't
exist three of them
any anybody want to take a guess how
that
happened want to take a guess yeah you
got it you got it AI yeah I don't know
for sure but I'm going to guess that he
has to AI for some case
law have I mentioned that the AI cannot
be dependent on you should not believe
anything the AI tells
you it just doesn't it's just not built
to tell you the truth it will tell you
some version of imagination lying what
you want to
see all right uh account every day
walking with Christ needs to seem to do
a gigantic post with uh with repeating
letters about vake and coffee and Scott
Adams now can I say that I seen
it the last 24 times you did it you
don't need to do it anymore right nobody
likes you
nobody likes you right now stop it all
right I just had to do
that
um so apparently the IDF is going to
flood those tunnels or maybe they've
already started uh so the uh Gaza
tunnels will be flooded and here's my
question now the big the big issue here
is whether it will destroy the aquifers
and make the water that is clean water
underneath Gaza will it'll be polluted
with seawat and it doesn't take much
pollution to ruin the whole aquifer so
that's a big risk but as I've said
before I do not
believe uh Israel has any plans of
populating Gaza again certainly not with
Hamas and indeed Benjamin Netanyahu said
he wants to block any attempt to put the
Palestinian Authority in Gaza after the
war uh or Hamas obviously so obviously
Israel is going to keep management of it
um I imagine they might look for
Creative Alternatives with you know
maybe some kind of Coalition of friendly
countries running it or something maybe
but one thing you won't see is the
Palestinians running Gaza apparently
that's just off the
table but the question I ask about
flooding the tunnels is what is the
optimal way to flood
them I would say that the op optimal way
to flood them is not
completely wouldn't you wouldn't you
flood them up to maybe chest
level because if there are any hostages
in there you still give them another
chance to get out because if you just
flood them to chest level and just leave
it there just leave it
there I I I would imagine it would ruin
all of their
Munitions and they would be frightened
to death that the level would keep going
up so you should probably take it up to
like chest level and then just really
slowly keep going because I think they
would come out of the tunnels and I
think that they there would be a greater
chance that a hostage would come out
than if you just filled it so I'm not
positive you should fill them what do
you
think I mean some people hate it when we
speculate about military stuff I know
you some of you hate it but I'm kind of
curious about what would be the smarter
because it's a psychological question as
much as a military question right so the
the thing that fascinates me is the
psychology cuz I put myself in the
tunnel and I tell myself if you put it
up to my chest I would be surrendering
right away I would surrender immediately
if the water hit my chest and I was in a
tunnel so we'll see what
happens um there's a new
story so Mario naal is reporting this
aler is
saying that uh that the Israelis lined
up babies and and executed
them okay does anybody believe that the
IDF lined up babies in Gaza and then
executed them no no here here's my take
I'm going to say this firmly and clearly
I don't believe any of the baby stories
on either
side are you okay with that are you okay
with me not believing any of the baby
stories I don't believe any of them now
I'm not saying the babies weren't killed
in the most horrible way I'm sure they
were but the specific
stories no they don't look real to me
that I don't didn't believe any of the
Israel ones I don't believe the
Palestinian version It's just War the
it's just war in the sense that of
course they're going to make the worst
claims that they can now if you think
about the
situation there wasn't much room to to
go anywhere to make it sound worse right
the what actually happened that we know
happened because you can see it on the
GoPros what actually happened was so
horrible but I don't know if it was
shocking enough so maybe maybe a little
uh little extra was put on some of these
stories now but it's but you should see
these in the context of War where um
persuasion is part of the war so if
either side lied through their teeth
about this stuff I don't think I'd hold
it against them
would you agree with
that once you say to yourself This is a
war you know you can oppose the war in
general but if part of the war is
propaganda what are you going to do I
mean were you expecting it not to happen
were you expecting that somebody would
leave one of their best
weapons unused no no propaganda is one
of their best weapons so of course
they're using it of course we just don't
know which stories are totally made up
and which are not now this does not
change in any way the 10 and a 10
brutality of what October 7th was you
don't need the baby stories right the
the baby stories are not necessary to
understand what's happening but might
give you a little extra energy so it
made sense that they they LED with those
stories all right uh the Department of
Education US Department of Education is
that is six schools including
Stanford and
uh University of Cal UCLA and Ruckers to
his ongoing probe about
discrimination and anti-Semitism and
islamophobia so seriously the Department
of
Education did not think that there was a
sufficient discrimination in
education until it happened to uh Jews
and
Islamic students in the United States
are you kidding me you garbage
pieces of
 40 years of overt
discrimination against white men and
you're not even interested until it
happens to the Jews and the islamists
you you every one of you
pieces of you racist pieces of
 now that said I'm fully in favor of
what what they're doing I'm fully in
favor of them looking into it and I'm
fully in favor of them rooting out
anti-Semitism and
islamophobia I I oppose islamophobia and
and obviously
anti-Semitism but really really we had
to wait till this happened we had to
wait till October
7th
2023 before you pay attention to
what's happening in the country I'm so
done with this I love Free
Speech has have any of you had the
feeling yet of envying me that I can say
this has anybody had that feeling
yet I'm not trying to make you envy me
like that that's no pay off for me but I
wondered if you watch me and say God I
wish I could do that I just wonder
because if I were watching I I would if
I were in your place I would wish I
could do it no these are despicable
people despicable racists the worst
racists in the country Department of
Education all right so uh I'm totally in
favor of aake or Trump uh getting rid of
the whole department and this proves are
useless so that's the best argument I
could say to get rid of them well here's
something that isn't any big surprise
Tick Tock um the the public opinion on
Banning Tik Tock has moved in favor of
Tik Tock there's a big move
in which uh Republicans especially are
more favorable to keeping Tik Tock than
getting rid of it huh has anything
happened recently that would cause that
H what what has Tik Tock done recently
that would make them more popular with
Republicans oh how about a massive ad
campaign on Fox News in which they show
all the good things they're doing for
wounded
veterans
do you ever wonder if if propaganda
Works propaganda works yeah now in this
time has there been anything happening
that would suggest that Tik Tok should
be kept like what what are the what are
the things in the news you're seeing
well the first thing you're seeing is
that Fox News endorses TiK ToK by
accepting their sponsorship let me say
it again Fox News is endorsing TiK ToK
by accepting their
sponsorship and Fox News is the primary
Persuader of all things
Republican so you can actually buy your
way into the conversation and they did
it's kind of impressive I mean I this is
sort of like when a a serial killer does
a really good job of killing people and
I say well that's terrible I wish that
not happen but you got admit that was a
pretty good job of killing people this
is like that Tik Tock you know of course
I think should be banned I think it's an
evil force I think it's destroying
America but they're doing a really good
job of it like it it's hard for me not
to
appreciate how freaking good they are at
doing this that's a really well-run
company
God how they ever got this done I don't
know but I would also say that uh V
saying that he was going to use it makes
it easier for Republicans to say Well it
can't be that bad
and um Nikki Haley saying that her
daughter uses
it makes Republicans say well can't be
that bad if you're letting your daughter
use it if A's using it can't be that
bad so that's what you
got anyway I guess you I guess we
deserve what we
get uh the hill is reporting that the
calls of trump as dictator in other
words the the critics um main theme of
calling Trump a dictator wait for it
it's backfiring it's not
working do you know why do you know why
it's not working do you know why the
hill says that calling Trump a dictator
is not
working because Trump's making fun of
it oh
yeah yep uh let me just say what they
said about
it uh
he says you're not going to be this is
Trump talking recently at at another
rally I guess uh he says uh you're not
going to be a dictator are you I said no
no no uh other than day one uh this is
what he said originally I think
to was this to Hannity or more recently
uh because he he repeated it again oh
okay so I think this was theity at first
so when he said uh no no no other than
day one we're close closing the border
and we're drilling drilling drilling
after that I'm not a
dictator and everybody applauded right
so it worked the first time he said it
people just laughed and applauded so
apparently he's going with us so he said
at a rally recently uh Peter Baker today
in the New York Times said that I want
to be a dictator I didn't say that I
said I want to be a dictator for one day
Trump said on
Saturday uh you know I wanted to be a
dictator because I want I want a wall
right I want a wall and I want to drill
drill
drill
now it's kind of
perfect every time he says yes I want to
be a dictator but just one day he forces
the media to cover the story because
it's their narrative so if he does
anything within their narrative they
have to cover it it's their narrative so
you go he enters their narrative have I
ever taught you this
I've taught you this right this is a
hypnosis trick if somebody has a
narrative that's damaging to you you
don't stand on the outside and throw
stones at it that never works you enter
it you enter it you wear it like a suit
and you make it your that's the
only way you can beat a bad narrative he
entered he he's already entered their
Arena he made
news on their
theme that means he's already hollowed
them out he's already wearing them like
a suit and he's already making them
dance he's already doing it and every
time he jokes about this he makes them
remind the country that he wants to get
a wall border security and he wants to
drill he wants to bring your gas prices
down so he turned he turned the darkest
worst accusation you could ever get into
first of all a
joke literally a punchline he turned it
into a
punchline and then he used it to attract
attention for two of the strongest parts
of his
candidacy that he would like people to
know now that is
genius I don't think that Trump will
ever be fully
acknowledged for the level of this is
just pure genius honestly it's just
genius and
um you know I'm trying to help him out
by taking it to the next level and
calling him Thanos you know Thanos was
the Super evil guy from the Marvel um
movies and he was trying to destroy half
of all the population of Earth you know
just by getting some jewels and snapping
his fingers because it would make the
world a better place if there were only
half as many I guess something like that
so I think it's funnier to say that
they're afraid of
Thanos but I came up with a a new word
for this whole Trump as a dictator and
Trump treating it like a
joke not
bait not bait he's actually he's baiting
the nuts to come in and call him a
dictator it's
beautiful it's not just effective it's
actually just
beautiful and and the nuttiest ones are
already going in because the you have to
go with the nuts first because they're
the ones willing to say things that
sound ridiculous so the nuts are just
rushing in on this dictator thing narrow
Ravine this is the narrow Ravine so he's
already herded everybody into the EUR a
dictator Nar Ravine turned it into a
punchline hollowed them out used it as a
suit and use it to get attention for his
own
policies God I miss
him oh my God
well the hooes fired another missile
this time at or near the USS Mason that
shot it down and I don't know looks like
they might re attack him or
something why the hell are the hooi
firing at our Navy is that just because
Iran is putting pressure on us through
proxies well something's going to happen
over there and it won't be won't be good
for the hoodies all right ladies and
gentlemen this
brings me to the conclusion of what
might be the best live stream in the
history of live
streams but I like to say is there any
story that I have missed while I've been
yaking anything I
missed poor Scott he needs to let it go
I love the people who uh go at me as a
personality CU I I used to think oh you
evil person why are you going after to
me personally instead of instead of
engaging with my arguments but now that
I'm older I understand that as a
surrender so I accept your
surrender if there's anybody else who
would like to comment on my opinions by
saying there's something wrong with me
as a person I would like to accept your
surrender as well would anybody else
like to surrender and just acknowledge
that everything I say is right go ahead
all right good nobody
else see that's a
reframe oh yeah and I guess the Obama
movie had scenes that would scare you
about owning a
Tesla what a what a piece of
 I I I don't want I certainly wonder
if
Obama is serious about any of
this uh it does seem to me that his
interest in making movies for Netflix
has nothing to do with
movies would you say that's fair that
the Obama's going to movies is just it's
just a propaganda do you do you think
that Obama is like looking over
scripts and you know hiring people and
 I doubt it no I think Obama just
said go make me some woke
movies and make sure that they have the
following themes something bad about
Elon Musk something bad about Republican
Christians something you know something
good about uh all black people something
bad about all white people you know that
sort of thing just just put that in
there yeah lots of trans get us lots of
trons all
right ladies and gentlemen I'm going to
say bye to you wonderful people
um on YouTube thanks for joining and
I'll see you tomorrow for another best
live stream you've ever seen in your
life bye for
now