[Music]
well looks like we should do some kind
of a show since you're here and I'm
here let me get ready for
that it's going to be amazing
really stick around you're going to love
it
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization Cy
with Scott Adams and I'm pretty sure
there's never been a better time in your
whole life but if you'd like to take it
up to levels that no human brain with
its shiny tiny status could understand
all you need for that is a cup moner a
glass of tanker chalice or Stein a
canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled
the dopam me at the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now
oh
Divine well Jake and Logan Paul said
they would offer $12 million if they
could get the Maga hat that Trump War
when he survived the
assassination weirdly that might be a
good invest
you could imagine somebody buying it
from them for more at some point but if
I had that kind of crazy money I suppose
it might be worth it but what I really
wonder is who has the
bullet you know it would really be worth
some money the bullet they hit Trump's
ear who has that bullet don't you think
somebody has that it's either it was
either taking out of a the second person
that the same bullet hit or
somebody probably found it on the
ground but how much is that thing worth
I don't know well uh Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu is in town I guess
he's going to address
Congress and it's a bipartisan
thing um but it's going to be kind of
interesting because apparently Harris is
more
anti-israel than
Biden and we're going to really get to
test that theory that some of you have
that APAC controls the
country because if your belief is
correct and that there's some kind of
cabal of uh Israeli supporters who
Israel supporters who were controlling
the
country then you would expect that they
would uh cause Trump to be
elected isn't that way that would work
because it seems to me that Israel would
not be super excited about a president
Harris so if she easily slips through
and becomes the dominant
politician you'd have to ask yourself if
your beliefs about who has power where
are really
correct and uh I do think we're seeing
the gears of the machine and it looks
like the gears of the machine have you
know something to do with the
intelligence groups and you know a
number of big Democrats you've heard of
Clinton and obam and it does look like
that's the power source at the moment
but you get to test your theory if you
had a different
Theory well Trump is going to uh meet
with um Netanyahu and uh Trump also got
a letter from uh mmud abas the
Palestinian leader and it was a letter
saying um it was about the assassination
attempt and it was just a very nice
letter from uh Mamud abas saying that
they're glad he survived and you know
they're basically good wishes and uh
Trump similarly responded with his
handwritten thank you that got back to
the leader and here's my
question doesn't it feel like Israel
wants you know the situation to end
somehow uh the Palestinians wanted end
somehow that's something they can all
live with but I feel like they all want
something from the outside to come into
for them because you know the leaders on
both sides are captivated by their own
audiences meaning the you know Israeli
leader has to do what the Israelis want
and the Palestinian leader has to do
what the Palestinians want and if they
want different things then you're in a
permanent War but wouldn't it be great
if something that wasn't part of the
current system that's putting him in
permanent war came from the
outside something that both leaders
liked somebody with some credibility
with some power who could just wrap
things
up and I think that uh some people see
Trump as almost having a magical
mythical ability to do that stuff and I
think he actually does I do think he has
the ability to do things that almost
nobody could do and maybe his
assassination attempt gave him another
you know level of power so I don't think
it's
crazy that both the leaders are saying
you know what we do like
you that's a big step if both leaders
say we like you can you help us I I like
where that's
heading but it also means I wouldn't
expect Israel to do anything too
different between now and election
because they'll be waiting for Trump I
think meanwhile you already heard that
uh Trump after after Trump talked to
zalinski zalinski and Ukraine started
talking about you know uh wouldn't it be
good to get peace so now zalinski is
talking peace more than defeating Russia
that's good and now we hear that
Ukraine's top Diplomat went to
Beijing and it's being called it's being
characterized is uh talking to China
about how to help end the
war now does it look to you like
ukrainians the Ukrainian leadership got
really focused because they know the war
is going to end and they better figure
out how to do it in a way that's best
for them but it's going to end so I
think that they've taken the assumption
that Trump means what he said and he can
end it because he can turn off the money
and he can talk to Putin he say all
right you keep this they'll keep that
let's cut this
out so um that seems productive I think
talking to China makes
sense in other news I don't know if
you're following the story of Scott
presler who's uh sort of doing a super
job of registering Republicans uh which
has not been what Republicans are great
at but apparently he's uh registered so
many people in Pennsylvania where he's
focusing his efforts because that's a
important swing state um he's uh
switched one County from Mostly blue to
more registered Republicans and he's
focusing on another one next so he might
actually flip two counties from Blue to
Red that's a hell of a job yeah that's
you see a lot of people doing
talk but rarely do you see something
that you can measure and it's real
that's what Scott presler is doing so
whatever he's
doing maybe we can clone it
anyway and his organization is hiring
full-time staff across Pennsylvania so
uh look for his posts if you want to
help fund
it um here's something interesting so
the Trump campaign is filing a complaint
with the Federal Election
Commission uh trying to stop kamla
Harris from having full access to all
the uh donated funds that had been
donated to the Biden Harris team now the
argument for her keeping the funds is
that her name was on the on the fund I
guess and uh so as long as she's there
she gets to spend it Etc but the Trump
uh argument isn't
terrible because here's the thing if you
are a donor to Biden
Harris and every political expert in the
world agrees with the following
statement that nobody votes for the vice
president is that fair every side every
election everybody says the same thing
nobody votes for the vice president you
want a vice president who doesn't Hur
you but nobody votes for that
person now if that's true that's a
truism then would also be a truism that
nobody donated to the vice president
meaning that their intentions were not
either
or and they knew it when they made the
the uh donation then nobody was thinking
or or that that's a very separate
decision if if they had been running as
a team where you know there were some
kind of equals or something then
maybe but if you're running as a team
where one's in charge and the other one
is literally considered
irrelevant to the
outcome it's kind of hard to make the
argument that people really meant her to
have the money now some of them of
course would be fine with it uh then the
the argument against that argument is
that uh By the time any of these legal
actions you know reach
fruition uh probably KET will have
already spent most of the money because
between now and election day they're
going to you know race through
it but I think it's a good argument it
seems to me fraudulent to take money for
one thing and then use it on another
thing and in my opinion Harris is
definitely another thing it's not just
that they didn't say use this money
Democrats any way you want so I think
the Trump campaign has a shot I don't
know if they have enough time to make a
difference uh there are a bunch of July
polls that show Trump would crush
Harrison so there 13 National polls
breit Bart's reporting and uh Harris
leads uh in all 13 and you know
she um I'm sorry Trump leads Harris in
all
13 but I would I would rate the
predictive quality of that as
zero here's my current opinion of where
the race stands in my opinion Harris has
the advantage
um with nothing obvious that's going to
stop her and what I mean by the
advantage is this uh I've seen some
really bad opinions lately and it goes
like this Scott Scott Scott you don't
understand as soon as the public sees
her in action they're going to they're
going to know what she is and then
they're not going to support her or
they're going to say she's not likable
and that's why she never want any
delegates and they're going to say she
was the first woman of the race
therefore you know everybody's going to
see that she's not popular here's a
problem nobody cares about any of that
in the real world this is a brainwashing
competition in which the Democrat
brainwashing uh machine geared up and
you saw how awesomely coordinated it is
she Harris is already a superstar on Tik
Tock which means that in my opinion it
means that China is backing her
great I mean I don't I don't know how
once you could um interpret that because
nobody thinks that Tik Tock just lets
the algorithm do what it wants on
anything important you know it probably
does unimportant stuff but I just I just
assume that if China has access to
putting their hand on the button and I
assume they do even though Tik Tock says
very clearly they do not I just assume
they do
and um I think that by election day the
brainwashing machine will have
successfully
brainwashed close to 100% of their
normal voters and there are more of them
I think still than Republicans and if
they can get that
close then probably the let's say the
uncertainties of the election system
itself some legal changes some some some
facts that there are a lot of mailin
votes you know if you put it all
together with people's suspicion that uh
there's probably a reason our elections
are not fully
auditable maybe they're designed for
cheating that's what it looks like to
me do I have any evidence that the
elections were stolen no I just live in
a world in which every other major
system is obviously demonstrably corrupt
so for me to believe that this is the
one
exception is asking me to believe
something I would consider absurd now
that doesn't mean people are cheating
but to imagine that they can't and
wouldn't is is really
naive we don't live in a world where
people don't take opportunities if they
think they can get away with it right
all that matters is people think they
can get away with it and then you can
guarantee it happens and I'm pretty sure
there are some people who think they can
get away with it so it if people are not
acting like people always act in every
other situation since the beginning of
History
maybe but I think betting against it
would be the better
bet so do not fall asleep do not believe
that uh that Trump's higher quality
better policies or any of that will make
a difference don't think that if she
fails in a debate that anybody body on
her team will know it even if they watch
even if they watch your lose the debate
terribly the news will say my God she
won that debate she just destroyed Trump
and then everybody who thought they saw
the opposite will say really huh yeah I
didn't really think she did that well
but I see everybody in CNN and MSNBC say
she killed it so huh yeah maybe she did
maybe she did kill it so many people
think so so no they will they will
erase the opinions of their entire base
and rewrite them and you're watching it
happen in real
time and of course there'll be some new
hoaxes about Trump Etc so it's very
unpredictable so here's where I think it
is I think that uh in order for Trump to
win he would need his A++ game Plus+
plus I think we've seen his A+ game you
know especially this
circuit um certainly the way he handled
the assassination attempt that's
A+ you know you that's not a that's A+
A+ won't get it done he's going to need
plus plus plus I think he has it I I
think that's within his his
toolbox uh my observation is that Trump
has always been at
80% it's just that his 80% is better
than almost everybody's 100% when it
comes to persuasion but he's got
more and he's got great advisors he's
got
experience and he wants to win so can he
reach the A++ plus level he can but we
can't guarantee it so he has the ability
to win but he's on a losing Vector at
the moment in other words something's
going to have to be different or I don't
like his odds honestly
but let me give you some
uh uh I'm going to give some free advice
although advice is let me take back that
word I I think it's there's something
creepy about people like me giving
advice to people like Trump because he's
better right whatever he's been doing
has been working if I'd been giving him
advice since day one I don't know if he
would have done as well as he's done so
you have to have a little bit of
humility about the quality of your
advice and and of course humility is the
hardest thing for me so I'm trying
really hard to get there but so I won't
make this advice uh let me say that this
is an example an example for you the
audience on what
A++ plus would look like you
ready here's a word I would love to see
Trump use we need to Future proof the
country do you feel
that can you can you feel that
physically we need to Future proof the
country because we're heading into the
most uncertain times we've ever added
into we've got the AI we've got the the
debt problem we've got the robots coming
uh we got all kinds of stuff that we've
never seen before and here's an example
of what would future proof the country
we should uh look at whatever China did
with its fourth generation uh Power
Plant the nuclear power plant and the
fourth generation you could actually
just turn off the power and instead of
melting down like the old the old ones
did it just stops
running so you can actually build a
nuclear power plant now it's been proven
China just built one and they just
tested it by turning it off and it just
turned off just like it was designed to
do
so we we also have a number of fourth
generation
um Technologies in the works Bill Gates
has a company that does that I think
there's several more but you can imagine
the Trump saying uh we've got a future
proof the country by going wild on
energy we have to go wild on drilling it
but we have to go even Wilder on solar
and uh and
nuclear and he should say
Kamara Harris doesn't understand AI
because she doesn't and say she doesn't
understand that if you limit it you
have't future proofed the country
because we won't be able to handle AI
it'll drive our cost to the roof so
consumers will be paying more and China
and Russia and whoever else will get
ahead of us in AI so he's got to be
better on AI which means fewer
restrictions probably he's got to be
better on energy and say we got a future
proof the country we don't know what's
coming but we better future proof it I
would love to see somebody float the
idea of someday transferring the burden
of taxes to
robots that's right to robots because
robots will be the
workers and if we need to have some you
know Universal basic income because
robots have all the jobs that money's
got to come from somebody so I think you
should at least float the idea that
someday robot should be taxed instead of
people you don't need a specific for
that you could just give people an idea
that income tax might go away if if
everybody has a robot tax the robot
robot will be doing your job for you and
getting paid for it you know maybe only
the robots that are getting paid not
necessarily your household robot but you
could imagine worker robots getting
getting taxed that sort of thing
all right um you could uh you could say
we got lower expenses in the future and
give some ideas of how to do that you
know just the basic expense of living um
you could look at the population Decline
and say we've got to figure out how to
fix the population decline have some
ideas for that Trump's already talking
about building new
cities that's future
proving um we need to fix our election
integrity that's future proofing uh we
need to make here's myidea IDE I think
we me need to make America a tourist
destination here's why in the age of AI
and
robots it could be that there's nothing
else that matters except where you're
going to use your leisure time we're
we're very quickly going to get to the
point where selling widgets isn't a
business because my robot can make a
widget on the 3D printer your robot can
make one it's not really a business but
but but putting a human being in a
different situation that is recreational
will always be a business you know
probably virtual reality is never going
to replace that so you could say we've
got to turn America into the bike path
walking path vacation destination easy
to get from one city to the next maybe
even build some build some things to
visit that didn't exist until now um so
making America a tourist destination to
the world makes it safer I think and
also because people don't like America
because they visited and somehow we have
to fix the debt so he's got to come up
for a plan to that but more importantly
whatever is Under the Umbrella I think
somebody has to Future proof the
country and I'll ask you in the comments
when you hear that phrase future prooof
and you could easily imagine what kind
of things go under
it that is way stronger
than saying I'm going to do what I did
last time I was President even if you
like those things it's way stronger to
say your future how about you say I'm
going to make a deal with Putin so that
in the future there are no
Wars that's future proofing right how
about I'm going to be friends with North
Korea so even if they make some new
weapons they're not going to point them
at us that's future proofing
so every time that Trump says I'm going
to make America great again do you know
what I
think that's the wrong
play if we make America great again it
reminds me of you know like being ready
for the past if you say you're going to
Future proof America you're saying
everything's changing I know it's
changing and here's what I'm going to do
for those changes because that's the
scary part the future is scary the past
is gone so say I'm going to be like the
past we're going to be make America
great again the again is just I've never
liked
again again is the past is influencing
the present I want the future to
influence the
present you I don't want to past proof
the country I want to Future proof
it so you can see how much stronger that
is
right and it it immediately takes
everything out of that you know weird uh
raci
dictator kind of
frame uh James Carville has weighed in
on KL Harris and uh he said this uh he
said she looks like she quote tries too
hard quote sometimes the VP has a
tendency to try too hard and he was
talking to Katie Krick and she said you
can see the wheels turning in her head
and Carville says uh if I was in her
head I'd say reverse the wheels that's
something people can improve on I don't
think they can change but they can
improve on it now correct me if I'm
wrong um doesn't that sound like they're
both calling her
stupid is that what you here CU When I
hear somebody says they're trying too
hard and uh you can see the wheels
turning in her
head that feels very much like she's not
quick witted
I I feel like he's trying to find a way
to say the less you talk the better how
about we'll just give you some phrases
to say in each situation then you won't
have to think we're going to replace
your thinking which is a problem we're
just saying what we tell you to say so
if the topic is climate change just say
Trump's going to destroy the world don't
worry about the details just go right to
the message
so I feel like this is very
transparently saying we're running the
dumbest person we've ever run we better
have her think less in public and just
say what we tell her to say that's sure
what it looks like to
me there is uh the new hoax is that uh
if you want to call it that it's
technically true that uh K haris did not
fail as the borders are do you know why
she was never the borders are people
that's that's the hoax no no no it was
her job to work with these Central
American countries to decrease the
reason to cross the border and that
would be their solution to the border
security but she wasn't the borders are
she was just in charge of making sure
the Border worked
well but not AAR not AAR
people why' you think she's a zar where
are you making up that so I guess
they're going to try to say well I mean
it's not like she had any authority over
the Border or
anything but let's ask what she did so
if it's if it's not true that she's the
borders are but she was working on the
source of the problem how' she do what
are those new policies that are keeping
people in those other countries because
those other countries are doing so well
I haven't heard of a thing I haven't
even heard of a plan I haven't heard of
a proposition a
proposal
nothing Well since I've started talking
about how it seems to me it's obvious
that KL Harris is drunk in
public several new videos have been
brought to my attention thank you
Owen um that very clearly show her
inebriated now I think I'm Way Beyond
the point where I'm saying do you see it
cuz if you watch these specific videos
well you definitely see it but then you
watch the other videos where it's very
clear that she's not
inebriated completely different
personality so you don't know which one
you're getting do you get the serious
one which totally could be a present
when when she's in serious mode and she
knows her topic she can play off like a
very capable person
but I did see a pattern of when she
appears to be drunk in public and I want
you to see if you can identify the
pattern it's when she's talking to
kids it seemed to me that whenever she
knew that she was going to go to lunch
first and then have to talk to a bunch
of children that she would show up drunk
because it didn't really matter that
much and it didn't but when she you know
let's say showed up for a congressional
hearing or something like that of course
she wouldn't be drunk uh and then she
would act like her capable
self so look for that uh look for that
pattern if you find a video where she
was you know her day involved going to
talk to
children just look how drunk she looks I
think she's calling your shots which
would suggest um you know maybe it's
more recreational if she can call when
she doesn't when she
doesn't all right
well um
but watching the uh media turn her into
a star is
amazing uh and the fact that she's
popular on Tik Tok does suggest that
China might be supporting
her and you may have heard that uh the
Secret Service asked Trump to stop doing
outdoor
events stop doing rallies you know
Trump's number one um campaign technique
the number number one thing because you
can't ignore it it makes massive crowds
and it makes him look like he's the
stronger candidate because he can get a
massive Crow so surprisingly the Secret
Service said you know what we maybe you
shouldn't do that because we can't
totally protect you and the reports are
that he's agreed the reporting is that
he agreed to cancel his outdoor
rallies
now what are they going to do
well I've got an idea I recommend a
dance off because it turns out that
commis is getting a lot of credit on Tik
Tok for dance moves which are in almost
all of her
memes
and I have to be honest she does have
some
Rhythm can't take that away from her
yeah her her dance
moves suggest she has some rhythm
but watching a trump dance has been a uh
a meme
forever and it's nevertheless
entertaining so so watching Trump do his
little dance which basically is not I
don't think he uses his feet at all he
just sort of sways back and forth with
his arms and his hips I want to see a
dance off I don't even want to see a
debate because you know we don't care
what they say in the debate let's see a
dance
off well over in the GOP speaker Johnson
and some of the house Republican leaders
are telling their their other
Republicans to stop focusing so much on
Harris's race and gender and you know
the Dei
situation um to which I say probably a
good strategy for the leadership of the
GOP that's our job yeah that's not their
job their job is to be more bipartisan
you know when they can and support their
person in the normal way because they
don't need any heat on them but uh the
public and the the social media people
and the people who have been so
cancelled that they can't get any more
Hur like me we can say it uh but the key
is that uh I'm very much against the uh
all the the
sexual connotations because I don't
think it works it's not really changing
anybody's Minds it just makes the person
saying it looks all and I don't think
that's helpful and it's not funny you
know maybe at some point it was funny
because it was you know shocking and
stuff but not really not so funny so I
wouldn't do that but I would say that if
you're going to attack her on the Dei
stuff you should point out that um Biden
said she was picked because of her race
and her gender I mean he said it before
he picked her so you don't have to
wonder if those things were the
operative things he said so and then he
did it right in front of you but the the
main argument is one
uh of the system so the argument is not
she's bad because she's a certain color
or gender that would be stupid and
terrible the argument is that the system
of Dei if it limits you to you have to
pick a certain kind of person and the
pool of available applicants is
limited over time you get the worst
outcomes even if they're plenty of
Highly qualified people of all kinds
which is true there are plenty of Hol
but not plenty enough they're plenty if
you're just counting up the number of
them but not nearly plenty enough if
you're looking at the current demand
because everybody wants the same kind of
diversity at the same time so now the
system on paper guarantees that you get
the least qualified candidates over time
and that has nothing to do with
anybody's genes or the G or anything
else it's just
math all
right as I'm watching the Comm haris
excitement took up it it seems to me
that every every reason they get for
supporting her is a fake
because now the fake because is the
reason that you give not the reason you
have so your internal reason I believe
is that people are supporting her
because of her race and
gender I think that's 85% of it and I
don't think people are hiding it too
much if you look at um you know outside
of the Pol political class if you look
at social media there are lots of social
media people are saying yep I like the
black one yes it's time for a woman
president she's a woman and she's black
you know yeah yeah yeah sign me up
so
um just watching the
the fakeness of their support is sort of
nauseating but it also is informative so
you can see that people really use just
the most uh you know basic reasons for
deciding I think it's not a coincidence
that the taller candidate is usually one
I don't think that's a big
coincidence um we make decisions on
things like height and hair and gender
and color all the time and then we
rationalize it because all the Politics
as if we even know their
policies so
um so here are some of the uh the dumb
reasons that people are using to say you
shouldn't vote for
Trump uh he's going to steal your
democracy Trump wants to be a dictator
dumb uh there's a pretending he supports
project 2025 in its entirety which is a
hoax not his plan he has a plan that's
different uh the has and some people are
saying that he has different
values so his character is bad compared
to what the lying
drunk K
Harris did nothing on the border and
lied about the capability of Biden for
years we know she's a Li of the highest
level she lied about the most important
thing in the country that her boss
couldn't
operate uh
and you know you could go further but to
imagine that one of the candidates has
family values the way you'd like them to
be is uh remarkably dumb and then of
course there's the January 6
Insurrection hoax and you know the the
the hoax that the elections can be known
to be um
unrigged the elections might be
unrigged but there's not a way to know
it so it's a hoax that anybody can know
the election was any election was uh
exactly what it should have
been and I do realize that 100% of
Democrats think that's
crazy because they haven't looked into
it you wouldn't have to look into it too
long to figure out that nobody can tell
who got voted
it's intentional because all you have to
know is that making it so that everybody
does know is easy to do you just use
paper and have you know somebody check
other people's work that's it so given
that we have a system that's obviously
designed to be the opposite of
auditable I think that has to mean
something and then of course climate
change we can disagree about but I think
at this point it's it's increasingly
obvious that the projections have been
BS so here's an example of uh a woman uh
Emily a on X she says uh she explains
why she's voting for she says sweetie
responding to somebody else I'm not
voting for her meaning Harris because
she's a woman I'm voting for her because
she wants me to have as many rights as a
man
what come wants her to have as many
rights as a
man um as zubie pointed out on X could
you maybe list those rights you think
you don't have well what exactly right
does a man have in America that a woman
doesn't can you think of one I who even
is still locked in that
belief it's like she missed the last
hundred years or
something oh well
and then one of my Mysteries is a a
billionaire Tech venture capitalist guy
named venod KLA k h o s l a KLA I hope
that's the right
pronunciation but uh he's got his his
own little list here of um why all the
not Maga folks should come together for
KL Harris to be Trump it's to save our
democracy he puts that first now do you
think that a billionaire venture
capitalist who is famous for making
smart
decisions do you think he believes that
there's really democracy is at risk from
Trump is that an actual opinion that a
smart person in the United States who
watches the news could
have so I'm actually
puzzled by his reaction all right he
says reject bad
values what are the bad
vales make
America
successful does he really think that
only one of the candidates has told some
lies does he think that only one of the
candidates has had an interesting sexual
past what exactly does who does he think
has the good values which one was hiding
the fact that Biden was a basket case
for a
year um and then of course he brings up
the project 2025 and I say to myself
does he not know that's fake
news cuz he might
not but wouldn't that be
embarrassing if you didn't know that was
fake news by
now um and then he says the dictatorship
that Trump loves okay I thought
everybody knew that he made a joke about
being dictator for a day there's not the
slightest chance that he has
dictatorial Ambitions in in America like
that could happen there's nothing this
like his chance that does he really
believe that
stuff and uh anyway so my mystery is
this does he have his own personal
reasons which are strong or at least
they're personal and then he's just
making up a bunch of BS because he
thinks that the people he's talking to
are
idiots or does he really believe these
things is it possible that you could be
this successful in business and this
brainwashed at the same time it seems
unlikely but I guess it's not impossible
so some of these billionaires are really
Mysteries because the smartest people
have all largely ended up on the same
side at this point you know Pro Trump
but the the billionaires who still
resist their reasons for resisting are
getting increasingly
absurd they're not even based on any
observable anything they're purely
imaginary
structures in their head that got put
there by the media but do the
billionaires really get that easily
hypnotized or is it just in their
advantage some reason that maybe we
don't know that they have to act that
way it's kind of fascinating to me just
trying to figure out what's what's up
with v-not if he's uninformed or just
playing some kind of a
game
anyway
um and he he he calls the magga some of
the magga people and he says
the test for whether they're magga
 is whether they believe in
election
denialism now anybody uses the term
denialism is an
 you're either just an or
you're a stupid or you're a
stupid and uninformed because
like I said he doesn't have any way to
know what election results were neither
do any of us we don't live in a system
that could make
you feel comfortable in the outcome and
he's probably not been aware of any of
the challenges and problems and obvious
things that people have found with the
system so I don't know it's quite a
mystery to
me anyway so now I told you the Secret
Service got Trump to stop his rallies so
let's uh look at
their um let's look at their record
so they're meaning the Democrats so far
the Democrats have defamed Trump with a
whole range of hoaxes from the Russia
collusion to the you know fine people
hoax drinking bleach hoax the now the
project 2025 hoax so they they're
running hoax after hoax they impeached
him twice on
BS they may or may not have rigged an
election there's no court proof of that
but we live in the real world
so um and certainly they they made some
legal changes which guaranteed they
would win because of the
pandemic um they've tried to break him
financially uh largely using lawfare
unrestricted lawfare and now there's
been an assassination attempt which
given the timing of it and other factors
makes us think that maybe the Democrats
were directly or indirect ly in on
it and now they just told him he can't
do the number one thing that works for
him which is have
rallies if you're not picking up the
pattern
yet and of course the reason they can do
all that is that they painted him as
Hitler in the media and once you've
Brainwashed the people into thinking
that you're stopping Hitler there's no
limit to what people will be willing to
do we're watching it in real time they
are willing to do anything because
they've been actually hypnotized into
thinking that Trump is
Hiller so anyway so uh now they're going
after JD Vance of course because he's
the VP pick and he's uh got some things
to defend from past statements I guess
he made a case on U Fox News before he
was nominated I don't know how long ago
that people like AOC and uh and Harris
and
Buddha didn't have their own kids
and they were making decisions and
people who don't have um that much skin
in the game have kids won't make the
same decisions so he suggested that if
you're not a family person you would not
have the right perspective and buy in to
be a politician now I disagree with that
but um it's a fair argument it's a fair
argument if if uh nobody had a family
then I'd be worried but most of Congress
will be like it always has people with
families there will be plenty of people
to you know carry that uh that argument
forward
um but anyway I I think
uh I think if Republicans could at least
acknowledge that the family unit isn't
the only way to solve problems they
might come out ahead but I don't think
that's going to happen but my favorite
JD van story is that a hoaxer on X uh
posted a hoax that said there was a
specific passage in JD Vance's book in
which he confessed and again this didn't
happen and it's not in the book this is
a really good hoax but the hoax was that
there's a certain page which nobody's
going to read unless they've already
read the
book that suggested that he once as a as
a youth uh turned a
uh what would you call it one of those
elastic gloves inside out and poked it
into a a crack in a couch cushion and
had sex with
it so if you've noticed online all of
the hilarious memes about uh sexy
looking couches and JD Vance looking at
them with lust it took me a while to
figure out what that was all about and
and I actually believed the hoax for a
while uh I hadn't seen the original hoax
but I thought oh my good goodness did
that hillbilly El book you know talk
about some private masturbatory thing
and uh and I thought you know maybe
maybe he admitted something that
happened when he was 12 years old and
and now they're making fun with it but
apparently he never said it and never in
the real world that never happened but
it's really
funny I I can't let go of the fact that
whoever came up with this hoax nicely
Dot
nicely done I don't think it'll change
who anybody votes for but this is a
really funny hoax if you're going to do
a hoax and is this funny and it gets
this you know this much traffic I I just
got to give it up for you that that's a
hell of a good hoax right we we can at
least
appreciate you know the the intelligence
that went into doing that it was really
clever I have to just say I was so
impressed well there's a new study that
says if you want to live a long life you
got to prioritize your friends which of
course you know loneliness will kill you
and uh in other news uh um now there's a
downloadable uh gp4 class AI model that
you can download on your own device it's
llama and uh that's the
Zuckerberg meta version of AI that's
going to be sort of available I guess
it's a more open one so now you could
have your own
full monstrous AI you can't put it on
your computer your regular computer that
wouldn't have enough power but if you
had a server you know very serious beefy
server as they say um you could run your
own AI
locally so that's kind of
exciting all
right and here's here's two sto two
studies that maybe sound too nerdy but
could make a big difference in the world
so re researchers figured out to use 3D
printers to make uh solar steam
generators for
desalinization and what I mean by that
is that if you want to use the sun to
evaporate uh let's say water that has
too much salt in it the evaporation will
be salt-free you know this the salt will
stay in the ground and then you can use
that evaporation but to use that
technique you needed
the water to evaporate on a
Surface but the amount of surface space
that your device had would limit how
much you could evaporate and so they use
3D printing to make surfaces that don't
take up much space but have way more
surface space in other words they're
spiky so there's all kinds of surface
even though it might be one square foot
it would be like you maybe 16 square ft
of surface I'm just making that up but
that's the idea and so that one little
change apparently brings seawater
desalinization into a whole different
level of potential
economics which is a big deal the
availability of water it's hard to
imagine anything bigger than
that at the same time there's another
study uh that also uses a physical
substance and uh a little bitty motor to
to make water from the air same way so
instead of uh instead of evaporating it
from sea sea water there's another one
that can just suck uh air out of the
water out of the
air uh even in the driest places so you
could be sitting in the desert turn on
your little tabletop device and you'd
have a glass of water it just sucks out
of there so these are uh I think both in
the category of uh fundamentally could
change a whole lot about the world you
know if you could Farm anywhere without
the need for water if you know there's
just all kinds of ways this could change
everything
so ladies and gentlemen uh has there
been any news since I
started did anything happen we we didn't
talk about cheel resigning but uh the
director of The Secret servic is
resigning right or already has now does
it seem to
you that the obvious thing that's going
to happen with this investigation about
the assass destion is that once cheel is
gone everything else you'd want to find
out about it is going to turn into well
it's an ongoing
investigation and the investigation will
be ongoing for five years and then
they'll conclude with something
ridiculous and the News will just shrug
because Trump will be out of office
everybody lost interest and it's a
confusing story and they'll make some
claims that are hard to check and then
we'll all say well all right I guess
they looked into
it now did I say that
Benny
Benny is it Thompson or Johnson I can't
remember uh the same guy who was the
head of the impeachment of trump January
6 committee um he's he might be in
charge of uh getting to the bottom of
what happened with the assassination
attempt which would be just spitting in
the face of of every Republican it's
like we're not going to really even
pretend we're trying to get to the real
bottom of this but we'll put somebody in
charge who hates Trump how do you like
that all right is Johnson somebody says
Thompson and somebody says Johnson well
apparently we disagree what his last
name
is
um what's up with gold bar Bob well I
guess gold bar Bob is uh retired right
or he quit so that makes
sense now um is today the day that Biden
is supposed to
speak are we going to hear
uh today's the day right Biden should be
speaking later
all right well we'll all uh be watching
for that it's Thompson Benny
[Music]
Thompson um tonight at what time is he
speaking at 800 p.m. assum the 8 p.m. is
Eastern time so in the man cave tonight
uh for subscribers I'll probably be
watching that with you what's tonight
Wednesday yeah probably so I'll watch
that with
you all
right uh Bob's still a senator until
August 20th okay Bob
Menendez he'll resign in September I'm
seeing in the
comments uh cheel was part of the team
that evacuated Cheney in 911 well but
that that's just why she got
promoted I mean she has experience yeah
I I don't think that tells us anything
um talk about the Yellowstone
eruption uh how many of you saw the
video went viral of some tourist in
Yellowstone and there was a I guess it
was a
geyser um that erupted in a more
spectacular fashion than it normally
erupts and it looked like a
it it looked like basically a portal
from Hell had been
opened that was pretty scary
looking all right so I think that's
about all that's happening so I'm going
to end it here I'm going to say thanks
for joining for YouTube and Rumble and
uh the X people I'm going to talk to the
locals people privately my beloved
subscribers maybe even have an extra sip
of coffee with them and uh we'll see you
tomorrow tomorrow morning same place
same time don't miss it oh one more
thing if you didn't notice the Dilbert
reborn comic which you can only see if
you subscribe here on X or if you
subscribe to
locals
um Dilbert's uh company has to do a
congressional hearing because there
software uh brought down the
internet so uh they have to send
somebody to the congression hearing and
they need to pick somebody who doesn't
know anything about the topic so that
when Congress asks some questions they
can act like they don't know anything
and Congress will just have nothing so
that's what's coming up in the Dilbert
reborn comic and I'm going to say bye to
everybody else except
locals locals I'm coming at you be there
in
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for