[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams the best
time you'll ever have if you'd like to
take it up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their human brains
all you need for that is a cuper muger
glass of tanker CH th a canteen juger FL
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dope of me here the day the thing
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go oh my God that was so good it was
extra good
today maybe the
best the best ever well if you were
following the dilber comic which is only
available to people who subscribe on X
do it or on Scot adams. locals.com you
would know that uh while he is trying to
navigate his AI girlfriends and there's
a real conversation of whether AI women
are real
women are AI women real women well Wally
will figure it out for you if you were
watching and thanks to bri. for that
idea also if you watch coffee with Scott
Adams the new uh merchandise is
available you can get a tank top you can
get a hoodie you can get a t-shirt uh
you can find the links for that in my uh
feed on X if you're on locals you
already know where to look look for
Erica's uh
account and uh you have to get the tank
tops
soon um I've been told that the tank
tops will not last a long time and the
reason is if you don't get the tank top
right away Biden will ship them to
zalinski for use against
Russia it's true you better
hurry all right well this L Louis
Louisiana Supreme Court uh is going to
allow some of their residents to secede
from Baton
Rouge so 100,000 residents are going to
form form their own City within the
city and they got approval to do it
now as I've been predicting and by the
way the theme of today's show is am I
running everything or am I just
predicting
well sometimes I predict so well I can't
tell if I'm causing it to happen I mean
it looks the same and I've been telling
you for a while that the future is
building new cities from scratch because
there is no way to fix the
government it can't be done it would
require voting and transparency we don't
have any of that so so so the only way
you're going to build a good quality of
life is to start from scratch and have
the government not bother you here
here's a little wakeup I had yesterday I
was explaining to a young person doing a
little mentoring about how you would
decide to start a business a generic
business and I went through the well you
know you might find some real estate and
you'd lease it or buy it and I'm going
through sort of the general what you
would do to start a business and I got
about halfway through and I realized
that where I live in California starting
a business that requires you to uh own
real
estate and have all the legal risks and
the HR risks and the lawsuit risks and I
realized that the main reason not to
start your own business is your own
government most of the problems of
starting a business are your own
government and and you know the risk of
being sued by your own Department of
Justice you know all the regulation
the the things that you you know got to
do even if you're a small
business there's nothing we need more
than to find zones where the government
won't bother you we need to find places
where the government can't get to you if
you're trying to do something useful so
freedom from your government should be a
basic
freedom freedom from your own
government everything that's bad is the
government doing it to you and we can't
change it cuz it's is bigger than us so
yeah the future is brand new
cities with robots and very cheap to
live uh rasmason did a little did a
little survey on whether people think
there's going to be a Civil War in the
United States 41% of likely us voters
believe it is likely that we'll have a
second Civil War sometime in the next 5
years
41% of the public thinks there's going
to be an actual violent Civil War in the
next 5 years in the United
States maybe I mean I suppose anything
is possible but I don't see
it let let me give you some old guy
perspective because I think you need it
does it seem to you like everything's
worse than it's ever been before in the
country it's not it's not even close
it's not even close to how bad it was in
my lifetime and you know a lot of
different decades no we're not even in
bad shape it seems like it because we
have this fire hose of bad news coming
from the media because the media you
know gets more attention if it's bad
news so really all that's going on is
what you're exposed to is different your
your experience of
Life probably will be kind of similar to
how it's always been probably I mean
anything could happen things can change
at a dime but that was always true in
all likelihood things will be better in
5 years than they are now in all
likelihood it's not guaranteed we going
to have to work at it but yeah we're not
in any special dangerous times I would
say that we're actually in special
undang times you know even the pandemic
the worst thing that happened when it
was done what was the biggest
complaint the biggest complaint is that
we
overreacted it wasn't the problem itself
it was it was our own overreaction to it
so we're actually in really good shape
it just doesn't seem like it and you you
have to step back once a while and say
okay I'm getting this continuous diet of
bad news but that doesn't mean it's all
bad news I'll give you some good news as
we go but what percentage of people do
you think in the restus and poll think
another civil war is is more likely if
Trump is elected who thinks that getting
Trump elected increases the chance of a
Civil War what
percentage you know you know the
percentage I don't have to tell you 25
25% that is correct 25%
exactly coincidentally if you're new to
the channel uh I always make fun of the
fact that in every poll it doesn't
matter what the topic is 25% of the
respondents will have the dumbest answer
answer you know the question would be is
it good to breathe
oxygen 75% yes oxygen is vital to
survival
25% yeah I'm not really in totally in
favor of oxygen to be
honest very very predictable well
meanwhile over on the serious mental
health Channel sometimes called
MSNBC now I'm not joking about this and
this is not hyperbole to say that I
watch MSNBC for the
entertainment because they're actually
crazy and I don't mean crazy in a a fun
way or crazy as in you're so different
from me
no actual literal Mental Illness but
what makes it amusing because if I may
there's nothing funny about mental
illness can we all agree on that there's
nothing funny about mental in
this unless you gave it to your
self because you lied so long and you
were in such a well of depraved idiots
that you you actually drove yourself
Crazy by hanging out with people like
you if the reason you have mental health
problems is because you're hanging out
with people like you well that's kind of
funny that's a little bit
funny I don't think I there's no law
that says I can't enjoy that while they
suffer
um which makes me a terrible person but
well there you have it so here's the
thing to look for with the mental
illness group look for them trying to
create a something and of words all
right here's something that you don't
need to create any of
words um there's a war in
Ukraine you don't need to create that in
words because there's an actual War how
about um inflation is higher than we
wanted it to
be I didn't have to create it because
the inflation is actually right
there but now look what the Democrats
talk
about when they talk about the dangers
of
trump he's going to subvert your
democracy so I say so he hasn't done it
and he didn't do it for four years he
doesn't say he's going to do anything
like it
and there's no indication of it and he
sort of Acts the opposite of that all
the
time but because words fit into
sentences and I can put subvert before
the word democracy there you have it
he's going to subvert democracy and if
you don't like what I built down of
those words out of absolutely nothing I
got more words he wants to be a dictator
for a day oh but I don't believe it I
think he wants to be a dictator forever
now is that based on his past is it
based on his policies is it based on
something you can hold in your hand is
it based on something you can measure no
it's constructed from words they put the
word dictator before the word day that's
right they arranged words until they
found something to say bad about them
could they do it in any other way yes
he's going to end your free speech he's
going to end free spe spee not because
he's ever said anything like that not
because his party would ever allow it
not because any voter would ever be in
favor of it no nothing based on anything
you could hold in your hand nothing you
could measure no it's because you could
put the word end before the word free
and then you could follow that with the
word speech so if you arrange the three
words well there's a problem look at me
arranging those words
now once you see it you'll never unsee
it Trump talks about real things you can
measure too many people coming across
the border too much
inflation you can measure that how
much can you measure how much he's
subverted your democracy he's going to
steal my
democracy I can't even say it without
saying it with with the idiot face he's
going to subvert my
democracy I think he'll steal my
democracy see him my free speech he's
going to take your your Republic he's
going to steal your Republic right away
from you he's going to take it right
away yeah the the words versus reality
people the So speaking of that so
Trump's been doing his rallies now if
you've caught any of the clips from his
most recent rallies the last few days
correct me if I'm wrong but he's had his
best as as Biden is you know literally
decomposing right in front of us Trump
when he's been caged you know he's been
caged too long in the courtroom but when
they let him out for a few
hours correct me if I'm wrong but here's
what I say his energy and his sort of
just enjoyment of being with his rally
crowd is
really better than I've ever seen he
doesn't even look like giving a rally
speech he looks like he's talking to
three people have you noticed how good
he is when Trump is talking if you
didn't know that he's talking to
thousands of people you would think he's
talking to three people standing in
front of him my God that's a skill that
even Trump couldn't do it when he
started because even Trump was in
presentation mode you know as everybody
is when they're running for office but
he's actually he's actually transcended
presentation
mode in public do you know who can do
that almost nobody that that's a level
of of difficulty in communication that
almost nobody ever can extend has Ronald
Reagan ever did it you know Ronald
Reagan was a great communicator right
could he transcend presentation mode no
not really I he was as great as he was a
communicating you knew he was giving a
speech when when Trump's giving a speech
he'll go into modes where he's just
talking to you like you're standing in
front of them it's just the two of you
and you can't you can't even teach that
that's
unteachable that's a that's a a genuine
organic
skill now one of the things he came up
with yesterday that was just making me
laugh was uh he said he came up with the
idea of calling Biden's inflation uh an
inflation
tax and and then uh and I always laugh
because when he brand something he likes
to use the phrase It's
called and it just means that he calls
it that he goes it's called the
inflation tax and then he talks for a
few more minutes and says inflation tax
over and over again so he's really
drilling it in yep it's called the
inflation tax and I realize it's like a
tax yeah it's inflation but really it
just decreases your money and gives it
to the government so it's like a tax the
inflation tax it's called the inflation
tax now I was trying to model it but he
just found so many different reasons to
say inflation tax within 60 seconds just
classic Trump uh persuasion just turning
turning it into a phrase because nobody
likes inflation and nobody likes taxes
and if you put them together and Tack it
to Joe Biden it's pretty good
persuasion well
um as I told you at today's theme is
everything's going my way and I can't
tell if I'm causing it or I'm just lucky
or I'm good at predicting I really don't
know but you I've been telling you our
food supply is poison and now Time
Magazine has an article it's time to
treat Sugar like cigarettes and it's
just a long article basically saying our
food supply is poison and that our just
normal diet is absolutely just killing
us that's Tha magazine now you know
Grace prices has the documentary about
um sugar being a cancer agent you're
seeing RFK Jr you know featuring uh the
food supply as a problem and I don't you
know obviously I don't think this is all
coming from me I think that everybody's
just noticing the same thing at the same
time but I will note that I seem to be
really good at surfing the wave before
people see the wave so yeah our food
supply is poison and there are very few
things more important than that you know
while while you're worrying about
nuclear war with Russia not really much
of a not a chance but you're every day
you're eating poison so
priorities all right if you didn't see
uh Trump mocking uh Biden for reading
the word pause on his teleprompter
you have to see it because first of all
uh Trump models not using a
teleprompter so the the first thing
that's cool if you like Trump is that uh
when Trump is mocking Joe Biden for
needing a teleprompter he's not using
the teleprompter so Trump just goes into
a whole comedy Act was
spontaneous in which he talks for
minutes makes you laugh the entire time
like it's just fun to listen to and it's
completely unprompted and he's just
mocking him for reading the word pause
and he's doing his impression of it now
if you've seen uh any standup comedy you
know one of the classic things that
comedians do is they'll tell a story
about somebody else and and they'll say
something like can you imagine me trying
that and then you know it doesn't make
sense because it wouldn't work if they
tried it so Trump does that it's like
classic standup comedy you know thing he
goes imagine if I read that and then he
does his impression of him reading pause
and every time he says pause he says it
in that mocking way that the audience is
just eating it up he goes pause and
everybody's like ah pause it was
actually a golden a golden moment in
presidential politicking uh the one
thing you could say for
sure is that you know love him or hate
him I'm pretty sure history is going to
say nobody's ever been better at
campaigning would you agree with that
the history will say he's the best
campaigner of all time no matter what
you think of his policies no matter what
you think of his character or anything
else I I think you're G to just have to
give him that that he's the best
campaigner of all time I think probably
by far you know maybe
JFK maybe but you know it's different
times so it's hard to compare
well uh James O'Keefe and his OMG
Network says they've got a big scoop on
the CIA so they went undercover and got
this
CIA um alleged CIA
contractor now I should tell you that
the CIA denies that this guy still is
involved with him so they say he's not
working for him which might mean they're
lying and it might mean they fired him
and it might mean he's a liar might mean
that he never worked for the CIA but
apparently he had some kind of a you
know ID card that certainly suggests
he's currently working for them so what
he said
was I'll quote he said uh so the
agencies meaning the intelligence
agencies kind of like uh all got
together and said we're not going to
tell Trump director of the CIA would
keep information from Trump so this is
uh
Amad
fizi uh he's a project manager working
in Cy operations for the CIA top secret
security and he said that Trump is a
Russian
asset which is interesting so this is
somebody working for the
CIA who actually believes Trump is a
Russian
asset so um and then he said that the
Intel agencies not only kept
intelligence from the sitting president
and commander chief they also use fisa
to spy on him and that his team are
still monitoring Trump uh in other words
the CIA contractor says that they're
still monitoring him they're still
spying on them it gets
better you ready for
this he said we monitor everything we
also have people that monitor his
ex-wife Trump's
ex-wife they monitor his ex-wife do you
know why they monitor his
ex-wife listen to this next part watch
your head explode you ready so they
monitor Trump's ex-wife he likes to use
burner
phones oh
you
you he likes to use burner phones that
they can't get into so they get into the
destination so they can't listen to his
side of the call because the burner
phone so they just they just bug his
ex-wife so they can still get the call
they just get it through her side not
his side and here's and there he's
saying it
directly that and and and uh as ok' says
you wouldn't know that Trump uses burner
phones unless you're as deep as you
could possibly be into the deepness am I
right that's not the sort of thing
anybody would just sort of make up I
mean it would be a weird thing to make
make up it's so specific it sounds
exactly like what it is probably that
they're monitoring anybody who might
contact and that's how they can monitor
all of his Communications by making sure
that they know everybody who would talk
to in a normal course of things now I've
got something that's even more
mindblowing assume the CIA is you know
sort of after him it seems like a fair
fair bet they've been monitoring all of
his Communications for
years and they have nothing on
him just think about that they've
monitored all of his Communications and
presumably every member of his staff
family and Team all of it all of the
communications and don't have anything
they came up with
nothing not a single
thing now you can't get more vetted than
that imagine can you imagine any
politician where the CIA listened to
everything they said and messaged to
everybody for years and didn't find
anything it's pretty remarkable you know
either either they have blackmail and
they're hiding it or he really doesn't
have anything to
hide um he says we steal it information
meaning and uh this is the ca contractor
alleged and we hack other countries just
like
that um he says currently works on cia's
China Mission Center and uh and he
describes a broken intelligence system
where we don't share information across
agencies because the CIA is very
reluctant to share with the caress NSA
so they don't even trust each
other so the spy agencies that are TR
that allegedly are after Trump don't
trust each other so they don't even they
don't even share information with each
other all right well I'm going to say
that that seems like a credible
story you it's hard to trust anything in
the news but that feels
credible well inflation is rising unit
the labor costs are up way more than
estimated um I would like to remind
you my
prediction that uh money the only money
of the future will be backed by
electricity because there's not enough
electricity and everything else will
will come down in price and deflate
because robots will make it so if you
want to be a person who makes shirts
well good luck because the robots are
going to make shirts cheaper than you
can make shirts with your humans so the
prices on everything should come down so
while we have the highest unit labor
cost for human beings we're only a year
away from robots lowering the cost of
employees not everywhere but some places
will take advantage quickly
and I think uh data is the new apps I
think I told you this
yesterday I think in the future because
of AI you won't have a market for apps
and the reason you won't have a market
for apps is because your AI could act
like any app you could just say make
some movie reservations or something and
as long as it has access to other apis
and other websites and stuff and you can
go do what you want and be an app so the
only thing that will have value is not
the program because the AI will become
anything you want as you want it but
rather the data so the data that trains
it and the data that it needs to find
out what movie is playing today those
will be the things that are the apps of
tomorrow so those are the things you
could create and own and charge for but
you won't be able to create and own and
charge for an app unless you're one of
the few companies that make the big AI
apps that's what I think so data will be
the new app and electricity will be the
new money because electricity will be
the only thing that is scarce everything
else will become UNS scarce fairly
quickly that's my
prediction so I don't know how much to
worry about inflation when we know that
uh anti-inflationary things are coming
really quickly so the anti-inflationary
things are the robots we should bring
that in the cost of stuff in the long
run and then also build those new cities
from
scratch uh reuter zpos poll says that um
58% of
respondant um say that Tik Tock is a
Chinese influence
tool
58% of the general public thinks that
Tik Tok is not just a tool to get
people's private data which your
government has been trying to tell you
is the real problem but rather they see
it as a tool of influence which I've
been telling you is the real problem
58% now when I started my Jihad against
Tik
Tok did you believe it would ever be
considered for Banning and did you
believe that 58% of the public would
come to believe that it was not like
other things and that it was uniquely
dangerous I'll bet you didn't see that
coming now is this a case where I made
any difference or did I just predict it
or did I get lucky did I just read the
Zeitgeist and I just I saw the wave
early or did I have something to do with
it I actually don't know I I have no
idea I can't tell myself but I'll tell
you the P here's a example of the push
back somebody named Matt whose account
is market and unlimited on the xplatform
he uh he responded to in one of my
comments he said uh they baned Tik Tok
which has not never done any provable
harm but keep Facebook which has been
shown to have interfered with elections
do you think that's a good point how
many of you would agree with that point
that they ban Tik Tock which has never
done any provable harm but they keep
Facebook which has shown to have
provably done
harm is that good
thinking here's the problem with the
thinking may I simplify a for you and
see if this helps you have two
problems you find that it's possible to
solve one of them but solving the other
one may not be possible what's your best
play you've got two problems one can be
solved but maybe one can't is your best
play to leave both of them unsolved
because you can't solve two problems so
you should leave both of them
unsolved do you know how many people
said in public
that they thought that was the better
solution to not solve one of two
problems because there are two problems
so why would you solve one when you have
two problems well how about it reduces
your problems by
50% how in the world do I have to
explain to people that if you have two
problems and you can only solve one you
should still go ahead and solve
it I I I feel like people's brains are
just broken do I think that the Facebook
issue with interfering with elections is
important yes do I think we should try
to address it yes do I think that the
way you treat an American company should
be just the way you treat a company that
has some control from China
no no does that mean I like everything
Facebook is doing no these are not hard
questions people I know all of you
understand so I'm not talking to you but
it's just amazing there's any push back
on on solving extra
problems well Biden's trying hard to
forgive a bunch of student loans 1.4
trillion some say and some say he's
already relieved 620 billion so we're
talking about $2 trillion doll in debt
that Biden wants to cancel to make sure
that he can get a few votes from the
young
people what would be the cost per vote
of $2
trillion how how many votes do you think
he
gets probably a lot because there are
tons tons of people who want their debt
um forgiven but it'd be interesting to
know what that cost per vote you know is
it I don't know 10,000 people extra
votes is it is it a million does it get
a million extra votes maybe I don't know
which would be pretty good deal actually
well anyway I know your opinions on that
so we won't be laboring uh RNC research
that's the Republican's account they
like to post embarrassing things about
Democrats and they're showing a 2019
clip in which Jake Tapper is debunking
the very fine people hoax on
CNN so it's a video and some of you know
this but where the topic of the fine
people uh came up and Jake Tapper told
the people at the table on CNN in prime
time that Trump did not call the
neo-nazis fine people and that indeed he
specified that they were not the fine
people that was Jake Tapper on
CNN
now here's what you don't know about
it that happened a few days after I
talked to Jake Tepper on the phone and
said I was very unhappy about the way
his network was covering the fine people
hoax because surely they know it's a
hoax and he did not say that the
neo-nazis were fine people to my
surprise Jake Tapper seemed to believe
that he
did I I think he actually I he convinced
me that he believed he watched it and
saw it and that he did and so you know I
went through the explanation of how you
know the quote is taken out of context
and I probably went through the quote so
you could see that it was just a bad
edit Etc when I was done talking to him
I was pretty sure that he agreed that
seen in context that the fine people
hoax was a
hoax but what happens when you debunk a
a a hoax that somebody had been
believing for a while what happens do
they then say my goodness I was so wrong
and from this day on I will say it your
the correct way
rather than the wrong way I've been
doing it up to now have you ever seen
that no people don't do that instead
they go down what I call the hoax funnel
going down the hoax funnel means you
Retreat to a weaker version of The hoax
but it's still just the same thing so
what Jake did when I was talking to him
is he retreated exactly like every every
other person I've debunk the hooks with
they all do the same thing and they say
but you know the the General I'm
paraphrasing right but the
general Vibe and the thrust of it was it
seemed like he was going easy on
neo-nazis to which I say he said I
disavow them totally in direct language
without being asked to say it that can't
be more obvious and direct but no the
feel of it you know the way he said it
the you know the it seemed like support
for giving cover you know the sort of
building something out of
words that can't be
measured there's no quote that supports
it but it's just the feeling and you can
build something out of words that really
and then I think what the the ultimate
argument was there could be no people
there who were fine people because it
was a Nazi
March so that Trump should have known
that you can't say anybody's a fine
person at a March of not
and therefore it's sort of like
supporting them like it's not but it's
sort of in that domain of you know not
being
anti-nazi
so from that day on um after the 2019 I
I think he probably got so much push
back I'm just guessing about this he
never said it
again I don't believe that Jake ever
fact checked anybody again on the fine
people Oaks
you you you could fact check me on that
but I think he backed off it and sort of
went with but there now I also explained
to him that I personally talked to
people who attended and I personally
vetted them and heard their story and
they disavowed the racists and they were
there because they were Lo in some cases
they were locals and they just wanted to
keep their statues and they hated the
racists but they kind of wanted the
statues you maybe put them in context
but they wanted to keep them
and I would consider them fine people
even though I
disagree I you know um which is another
story
so so there's your background on the
fine people hoax do the people at CNN
know that it's a hoax probably yes but
some of them probably no CU I am
convinced that he didn't know until I
talked to him personally I think he
actually didn't know it was oax
anyway
um so and by the way I was actually
telling the CNN host that I I did the
research that they didn't do CNN never
did a segment where they talked to the
people who attended the Charlottesville
to ask them if they were fine people say
do you support the races or you just
hear about the statues and they would
have found just as I
did that people some people were just
there for the
statues all
right uh Jack
dorsy said something that people are
criticizing sound it sounded like he was
favoring the anti-israel protesters at
Colombia but I'm not sure that's exactly
the right characterization of it
somebody said that the online somebody
said that the Vietnam and Iraq war
protesters were thought to be radical at
the time but as time goes by they seem
like they were just right
would you agree with that statement that
the Vietnam protesters and the Iraq War
protesters they were a bit unpopular at
the time but when you look back you go
you know you know maybe you guys were
right and the thinking is that we would
look back and feel the same way about
supporting Israel's war in
Gaza now I don't believe in reasoning by
analogies and I don't believe history
repeats because those are nonsense ideas
so I'm not buying into any comparison of
those prior
things um but I would say
this I would say that Jack is probably I
can't read his mind but I'll just tell
you the impression I got I think he's
anti-war which is not exactly the same
as backing the Palestinians I mean he
may have some good feelings about them
as well as good feelings about other
people but I don't think he's backing
the bad guys I think he's more anti-war
that's just my feel but you know that's
that's for him to uh explain if he feels
like
it um here's what I
think are you wondering who the
protesters
are here's the weirdest thing about the
protest we don't really know who they
are some of it because the masks let me
give you some hints hint number one last
night I watched um live feed from uh
Columbia and the protesters were doing
their chants and stuff how many of you
watched the live feed and saw the all
the chants did did you hear the voices
of the people chanting did you notice
any anything about the voices of the
people
chanting there was a lot of
chanting okay listen to it again see if
you pick up a pattern they're all
women the enchanters
are all women now when I say all women
they're obviously they men in the crowd
but when you listen to the chance you
only hear the female voices because
there's so many females compared to men
that you can only pick up their voices
you actually can't detect a male voice
in the
chanting now who is leading the
chants mostly
women mostly women yeah there are men
who lead the chance as well have you
heard the equality of the chant leaders
where they they do their uh were they
saying uh uh from the from the river to
the Sea palestin Palestine will be
free have you heard them do
it ask yourself
this I hand you a megaphone and say hey
you've never done this before but you
really care about this issue I want you
to go lead a
chat now now imagine how well you would
do it which is not that well and then
listen to the people leading the chance
at the
protests they're not just good at
it they are well
trained yeah they Almost Do It um like
it's a musical
accompanyment in other words when they
lead the chant uh it's it's actually
attractive in other words their their
voice is attractive like a
musician and because it's so attractive
like a
musician the women are singing along
like they sing in cars by the way may I
just say this can I do a public service
announcement uh this is for the women in
the United States I don't know about
other countries but ladies this is a
public service announcement this is from
the men because the men don't want to
tell you
this when you sing in the car to the
radio
we want to kill
you we want to kill you we won't I swear
we won't yeah we don't do that we don't
kill people for singing in the cars but
we want to kill you do you know
why um I was married twice and I've
never heard a song on the radio that was
good do you know why if it was a bad
song that somebody would reach over and
change the
station if it was a good
song any female in the car would start
singing along and then I can't hear the
song I can only hear the person singing
next to
me and the person singing next to me is
usually not a professional but having a
good time so ladies ladies like to sing
along men I don't think I've ever seen
men in the car spontaneously sing to the
song on the
radio has anybody ever seen that have
you ever seen men sing along
spontaneously to the song on the radio
never right yeah I've never seen
it so here's hypothesis number one for
why they're there's so much energy for
the
protests women like to get together and
sing and they got they're getting
together and saying if you listen to the
unedited audio of the crowd you hear a
female voice voices laughing like
they're at a party while the police are
closing in right so first of all they
don't feel they're in any danger
obviously they seem to be doing it like
an entertainment lifestyle thing and so
I submit to you that the dominant
character of the the bulk of the people
are are women who are under
25 which means their brains are not
developed probably don't pay too close
attention to politics because nobody
does at that age don't really understand
the topic but they feel like they would
be on the right side of something
because all their friends are doing it
so it feels like you'd be a rebel you'd
be doing something fun you'd be on the
right side of History You' think you
might be wrong but you
think and so I think that the women are
largely just
brainwashed and that if if you were to
interview them they wouldn't know the
they wouldn't really know too much about
the the topic except for the
organizers now that's not the only
people there and I would submit that if
the only people who existed were the I'm
going to say 60% or more of women if
they were the only ones who cared there
would be no
protest because they're not the
organizers they're clearly the chorus
somebody else is the minister who is
it now it's a headline
news headline news it's in all it's all
we're watching right it's the biggest
thing and our government of course would
want to be watching it we know our FBI
for example is always going to be
penetrating these groups and monitoring
their finances and monitoring their
communication do you think there's any
chance any chance at
all that our own intelligence people in
FBI don't know who's in charge they
don't know who's funding it and
organizing it of course they do have
they told
you they haven't told
me why not has the FBI been interviewed
on TV and said who's behind this do you
know and did they say I don't know we're
trying to find out but we can't figure
it out have you heard that interview no
because you don't really have a news
industry anymore if we had an actual
news industry every Network every hour
would have somebody from from our own
government on saying you're you're in
charge of figuring out if this is coming
from another country right yes well have
you done that
well we're not even asking the
question now you want to hear another
dog not
barking this will make you fall off your
chair as soon as I say it you're going
to
say holy
 you ready uh i' like to raise the
bar and see if I can cross it this will
be your holy
moment you've heard a number of people
accuse the Soros organization of funding
some of the entities that may have
members who are protesting you've all
heard that right that that's
generally like a a high rumor thing that
you're
hearing
now have you seen Alex Soros who who is
should be in charge of now where the
money goes so the the son have you heard
Alex
Soros go on TV on a news channel and say
you know what I'm going to pull the
funding from anybody that I have funded
before that is involved with their
members with these protests have you
seen
that
no have you seen him say there's nobody
that we funded who who's having anything
to do with
this no nobody even asks the question he
hasn't had to deny it because nobody's
even
asked if you think that the funding from
the Soros organization is a Big Driver
of the
protests can you explain to me why
nobody on the left and nobody on the
right in any media has said Alex Soros
can you give us a comment will you
commit to cut the funding or are you
supporting it can are are you on the
side of the
protesters and and are you supporting it
with your money or and and this would be
a perfectly legitimate answer do you are
you giving money to organizations but
not directing them in the details and so
maybe you're not delighted by it but you
still think the organization should be
funded just I would just like to know
his point of view and if his point of
view is we're not giving any money to
anybody who's behind this I would really
like to know that wouldn't you wouldn't
you like to know if they have no
connection to it whatsoever the Soros
funding group of course that that would
be key information for the public
nobody's even asking the question why do
you think nobody's asking the
question well we don't have real
news now now how many of you are having
the holy moment that I predicted
you would have how many of you saying
wait a minute the most obvious question
that should be asked is Alex Soros are
you still funding this and if you're not
why do why do people think you are and
can you set that straight because we
don't want to be blaming you for
something that you have nothing to do
with I don't want to I absolutely do not
want to blame Alex Soros for something
he's not
doing
and if I don't hear him say I'm not
involved it's going to get harder and
harder not to do it
I you know I don't want to do it without
any evidence because I don't personally
see the connection I I I hear the
allegations of the connections it's not
just not something I've
researched now are you are you having
the same reaction I did when I realized
that he's silent on
this I I can't tell from the comments
anyway well think about
that I think that if I had to guess I
would say the organizer
um are our own government or somebody
that our government allows to operate
because I don't believe that these would
be ongoing without Professional
Organization I don't believe that our
government doesn't know who they are I
don't believe our government couldn't
stop it if they wanted to so it's either
coming from inside the house which is
the most likely in other words there's
there's somebody in our government who
has enough control who wants it to
happen for what reason you can only
speculate does the uh does the
military-industrial complex benefit from
this it's hard to know could go either
way they benefit from
conflict but do they benefit from people
trying to stop the war or is it obvious
that the protesters are not really
trying to stop the war they're just
anti-jewish
anti-al and anti-
Zionist yeah I so I I think that there
are uh professionals that are probably
funded from other countries I think our
own government is probably complicit in
some way that's not obvious otherwise
they'd stop it or otherwise they'd tell
you who it was if your own government
doesn't tell you who it is you should
just assume it's your own
government I can't think of another
reason can you can you think of any
other reason your government wouldn't
tell you who's behind
it there is no other reason it's got to
be them and by the way it would be easy
enough for the government to convince me
it's not them all it would take is
Christopher Ray saying we're looking
really hard to figure out who's behind
it we can't figure it
out which would be embarrassing or we
have figured it out and we can't tell
you or something like that anything Ju
Just give me any indication that the
government of my own country is not
behind the protests just anything
because it's they're the most obvious
suspect would you agree they're the most
obvious sub suspect given the lack of
telling you it's somebody
else maybe I'm going too far or not far
enough who
knows well on another topic uh well
actually the same topic I I have a
theory that the women who are at the
protests are partly there for the
singing and the partying and the feeling
part of something and feeling as if
they're making the world a better place
but I also have another hypothesis that
it's a because women and men too but
women are less interested in having
babies and
families uh I believe that they're
without
purpose I was trying to imagine what it
would be like to be a human who could
make a
baby if I were born as a human who could
make a
baby I feel like I would feel like
that's my biological purpose now I might
not want to have one be lots of reasons
not to have one but I would feel like it
was my most Central
biological evolutionary purpose you know
not the intellectual purpose but your
biological purpose and I think if you
satisfy your biological purpose the your
brain will suddenly feel clear meaning
you know all the other intellectual
stuff will work out better if you get
your biological stuff handled so I think
if you take away from young women the
option of reproduction and having a
family uh what are you going to do
you're going to have to look for a
reason you have to look for a purpose I
would guess that of the uh of the young
women who have
babies the ones who have babies care a
lot less about this issue than the ones
who have no babies and plan or don't
know if they'll ever have one I think I
think you would find a clear difference
between the the baby
priorities and the non-baby priority
people and uh then I I have to mention
what Megan Kelly said about the
protesters why are they all so
unattractive now unfortunately this is
part of the story I do believe that
unattractive women who do not have the
potential to mate or don't think it's
likely are far more likely to find
something that's a reason to live and
they just latched onto this because it
gives them some purpose in life because
they don't have the the normal
biological one of having a baby now what
about men what about men did you happen
to see the I think it was the UNC there
was a
fraternity so a bunch of young men went
to protect the flag the American flag
and they you know they got a lot of
attention for protecting it did you see
the pictures of the young
men half of them look like male
models the they're they they're all fit
I think every one of them was fit they
had nice haircuts nice clothes every one
of them looked like the top 10% that
everybody's dating on
Tinder now I don't know maybe that's the
Sorting the filtering process of the
fraternity or something but you couldn't
miss the fact that the people putting up
the American flag looked like they had
their together and that the people
who were tearing it down looked like
they had lost in life and are trying to
find some other purpose you couldn't
miss it now to imagine that that stuff
you know your biolog your your looks and
your
biological you know imperatives to
imagine that has nothing to do with this
is a little bit naive it's not the whole
story you know they're real real issues
but it's really a big big variable and
ignoring it I think is
stupid so if people had a purpose they
would less likely be
involved all right um Mid Journey the AI
that lets you do all kinds of
images uh is getting an upgrade and it
no longer uses the user interface that
was such a bad user interface that in my
opinion it wouldn't have mattered if
this program could blow me there's no
way I was going to use it again because
that the interface was you had to go use
some other program and may maybe it
would hear what you said and maybe it
would tell you later if it worked like
it wasn't even a user interface really
but now it's going to have one so
apparently mid Journey will be a major
major different product until it had a
real user interface it just didn't have
any value at all and I didn't see
anybody using it for anything useful
maybe this makes a difference so that's
exciting at the same time um chat GPT is
getting a memory
upgrade so I'm sure I've told you and
others have that chat GPT doesn't
remember you from one use to the next
and so that really removes its you know
any illusion that is sensient or like a
like a real
intelligence and now we'll have that so
it will remember things about you in
Prior prior conversations it will
remember things you tell it to remember
and it will put that context into its
answers so if for example you told that
you know I don't like your long
explanations all the time it would give
you shorter ones and that that will be
completely a new experience so I will
remind you that what I think you need
for something that we will see as
sensient or conscious is the following
process which we'll definitely have step
number one is memory so I said if it
doesn't have a memory you you can't
you'll never call it conscious so now it
has a memory but here's what it doesn't
have is still acts as soon as it has
something to act on so as soon as the
pattern says do this it doesn't what it
will do
next is what people do who are conscious
it will think of what it's going to do
and then it will run a simulation in its
mind of what would happen if it did it
it doesn't do that now right now it just
says do the thing do the thing it just
does the thing there's no there's no
thought about the thing it just does the
thing like a lawnmower you you pull the
cord or you start your loan Mower and
the loan mower doesn't stop to think
about it the loan mower just does the
thing it cuts the grass so that's what
AI is now but there's no reason there's
no technical reason that you couldn't
say to it because ai ai already creates
imaginary scenarios for training so they
tell one AI to um hallucinate and then
the hallucinations become content and
then they'll take another AI to look at
the hallucinations it will actually
learn from the
hallucinations now I don't know how well
that process works but it's what they're
using so when you get to the point where
the AI can make a decision and then it
can do a simulation in its own mind
before you know anything has happened it
imagines the outcome of the the action
and then here's the important part it
adjusts its decision of what to do based
on what it imagines might be the outcome
so its first thought is I'm going to say
x it imagines how you will take it and
then it changes it oh I think I better
soften
this that will be
Consciousness that's all we do all we do
is predict what's going to happen and
then then the last part is comparing
your predictions to actuality so once
you decide what to do you've run the
simulations in your head of how it'll
turn out you do an actual thing and
whatever you do you compare it to how
you thought it would turn out and that's
that friction between what you imagine
and what actually happened is
stress that's where you feel a stress if
everything happened exactly as you
imagined it would you wouldn't have any
stress You' just be observing but it's
because you don't predict it accurately
that you have that
stress so your AI will remember you
pretty soon it will simulate the outcome
of its decision before doing it after it
does it it will compare what it
predicted to what actually happened and
it will
adjust that's
Consciousness that's that's full
sence and we should have that in at
least a year now Sam Alman is saying
that chat GPT 4 will be I think that's
the current version will be the worst AI
you'll ever
experience or another way to say it was
every everything after that will be so
much better that you'll barely recognize
it he says is spending $50 billion to
get to
AGI which is the real super intelligence
you right now it's just pattern
recognition um he said it would be
completely worth it because you would
probably make a lot more than $50
billion if you could pull it off and he
says nothing's going to stop him
basically from getting to that higher
level of intelligence and I believe
him all right
uh Trump
is saying in all caps on true social
this is a radical left Revolution taking
place in our country where is crooked
Joe Biden where is Governor nsum so I
guess he's calling Nome nusum the danger
to our country is from the left not from
the
right and uh
yeah so do you think that there's an
organic Revolution from the left it does
it does appear that a lot of the
protesters are trained marxists meaning
they went to school to learn how to
protest and be Marxist but I don't know
how many there are more than I
thought all right um here's uh RFK Jr's
uh take on Ukraine and sort of the whole
Russia situation and I just want to see
if I can summarize it the way he did
because he summarizes it in something
like 60
seconds and you need to know it
like if you don't know this then
everything else would be a little cloudy
and
mysterious so I don't know that this is
the right characterization but it sure
sounds right so his characterization
would be this that Putin at one point
had agreed with the reunification of
Germany but he had asked that in return
that Ukraine would never go to
Nato but uh and and his interest was
that uh if Ukraine went to Nato then
there would be American warships that
would be pulling into Ukrainian harbors
and we're talking about
Crimea so the only warm waterer Port
that Putin had this is RFK Jr's take the
only warm water Port if Ukraine went
NATO could end up having a bunch of NATO
ships in it which would be not really
comfortable if you're Russia and it's
your only warm water Port so I guess
Putin said that's basically you know
that's the line you can't Ukraine cannot
be in NATO but we went and we added or
actually he said that there couldn't be
any more NATO I think I think I had that
wrong so Putin
said uh Germany can
reunify but there can't be any more NATO
so not only were there 15 new countries
brought into NATO we totally lied
according to RFK Junior but then Ukraine
in particular was the most important one
not to go to Nato and then they started
talking about making that
NATO so that's when Putin sent his
44,000 troops to invade and it looked
like it was all going to get worked out
because 44,000 troops is not enough to
conquer a country it's just enough to
show you're super super serious about
this negotiations
began and then Boris Johnson was sent to
blow up the deal because apparently some
powers or entity in the west wanted the
war more than they wanted the peace and
they wanted the war allegedly because
they would profit from it or and it's an
Andor um they could defeat the Soviet
Union even though it's called Russia now
because they're fighting the last war
basically so how many of you think that
is an accurate summary of the situation
which would make the United States
completely the guilty party
100% guilty I would say that our
government is essentially a criminal
Enterprise not essentially our
government is a criminal Enterprise but
I have a further theory that all
democracies become criminal
Enterprises and I don't think there's
anything you can do about it I think
that all
democracies eventually they're their
natural transition is to become a
criminal Enterprise now if we were not
criminal Enterprise how would we do
against Russia and China which are
totally criminal Enterprises meaning
that they run for the benefit of the
elites we wouldn't do so well it turns
out that being a criminal Enterprise is
a really strong form of government in
the same way that being a mafia is a
really strong form of crime does that
make sense you nobody likes crime but
you would admit that the mafia is a
strong form of it that government seems
to be just a strong form of crime and
probably works with the mafia by the way
there's a new
information that the president of Mexico
the current president of Mexico his son
allegedly and this is in a book so I
don't know if it's true but there's a
book that's claiming that uh that the
son of the Mexican president after he
got elected the son went to party with
El Chapo's son and partied with him for
three days and it became sort of a
little mini Scandal and they had to go
get them back this would strongly
suggest that the cartel and the Mexican
Government are the same
thing it's just the same thing so should
you be should you be concerned that the
Mexican Government is a criminal
Enterprise there's probably no
alternative because if it were a pure
democracy they' probably get taken taken
over by a criminal Enterprise because it
would be too weak to defend itself So
eventually it would become a criminal
Enterprise if it hasn't already and I'm
sure has
already and so the border is open
because the United States wants it open
for criminal reasons and the Mexican
Government wants it open for criminal
reasons so the border is a a crime it's
not a national
policy is that fair keeping the Border
open is because we have a criminal
government and we're working with
another criminal government in Mexico
and the two criminal governments have
decided that keeping it open is good for
Crime so they just keep it
open that that's exactly what it looks
like there's no mystery here whatsoever
as soon as you understand that the
governments are literally criminal
Enterprises everything makes
sense Until you realize that nothing
makes sense you're like well why aren't
you start stopping the
fenel like why don't you close the
border it like it doesn't make sense but
it all makes sense if they're
criminals so that's the whole
answer all right um there's another
whistleblower that died uh suddenly a
Boeing whistleblower this would be the
second Boe
whistleblower who just he died suddenly
he got this bacterial infection that
just took him out in
days that's kind of a surprising set of
coincidences do you think that they were
murdered for being
whistleblowers there was a time in my
life I would have said well that's not
likely that's some crazy conspiracy
theory stuff but now I would say I don't
know that it's that they were murdered I
would just say it's at least the coin
toss at the very least it's a coin toss
that that it was murder at the very
least because we live in a country where
this sort of thing happens it's not
unusual um all right let's see uh Biden
is called the the US Ally Japan
xenophobic uh also called China and
Russia xenophobic because they don't
want
immigrants so they're
xenophobic let's see
uh Japan China and
Russia are dealing with realworld things
that you can
measure uh we've got you know this kind
of population it would cause this kind
of problem so we do a real world thing
of closing our borders whereas Biden is
creating a problem out of words oh he
came up with a word
xenophobic so he's he's constructing
something out of a word and these other
leaders are trying to run an actual
country one of them is running a word
and three of them are running countries
do you know what's the difference
between Japan China and Russia and the
United States you know what the biggest
difference right now is regarding
immigration because Japan China and
Russia have male
leadership they have male
leadership that is exactly the problem
or or in their case it's their advantage
if you have male leadership you don't
open your border and let other males
come in at unlimited numbers because
men are designed for security we're
designed to kill the other men so they
can't get our women basically so our
Instinct as men is close the
Border close the border how
about having a Sation about it how about
no how about close the border
how about well you're xenophobic how
about you close the border
how about all the immigrants we're an
immigrant country no those are words you
put all those together immigrant and
Country you put them together you got
two words we're trying to run a
country we're not running a vocabulary
go run your vocabulary if you
want to protect your country do what
what the men do in Japan do what
the men do in China do what the
 man I guess Putin does in Russia
if you want to run the country like a
woman that's what we're doing because
the Democrats are a female L party and
they're in power so although Biden is
the you know in title he's in power but
it's a female L organization he runs so
they get their
way no no man in his right mind opens
the border to unlimited other
men it's not
xenophobic it's just
smart I I was just listening to a clip
it was from a while ago in which Ben
Shapiro was referring to my statements
as racist racist
statements I don't disagree with that in
the same way that I agree that when
Japan China and Russia are all
xenophobic that a reasonable person
could Define that as
racist would you agree that these three
countries don't let you in from other
countries I'm pretty sure that has
something to do with the the cultures of
the people coming in of course it does
so they're just being totally racist and
does it work yeah it seems to work
pretty well seems to work pretty well so
when it comes to
self-defense racism is not just
allowed it's the number one way you
could stay safe bigotry in general is
the number way one way you stay safe do
you know why there are not too many
handicapped people in the
military is it the bigotry yes of course
the military is 100% bigoted against
handicap people there are no blind
people who fly jets in the military
because we're
bigoted now do you think there's no way
you could accommodate them or probably
is the Jets a special case but there
probably lots of ways you could
accommodate um people with disabilities
in the military if you if you wanted to
spend extra sure you could do it you
know a person in a wheelchair could
probably fly a
JB right
so when it comes to the military we
don't worry so much about the bigotry
and the racism now you might say to me
but Scott remember the time when black
people couldn't be in the military to
which I say that's my point no that's my
point my point is that the reason that
we integrated the military is so we
found out it worked if it didn't work we
would undo it obviously it worked or it
worked well enough right so it only has
to work well enough so yes it it would
have been a bad idea to have a you know
non- Diversified military that would
have been bad in the long run but in
that case it wasn't a racism question it
was uh what works oh this works we get
extra extra bodies and they do the work
have to qualify like everybody else so
yeah fine so when I talk about racism
and bigotry I talk about it at a uh at a
group level never
individually and so I will uh end on a
positive note by saying individually it
makes no sense to
discriminate on immutable
characteristics
because you're just cutting yourself off
from you know 90% of all the the beauty
and Brilliance of the population like
why would you deny yourself extra
options so so that kind of bigotry on a
individual personto person basis that
doesn't make any sense how can it be
good for you it's not good for the other
person it's not good for you so why
would you do it so uh by the way the the
other day I was I was saying that uh
discrimination well racism and
discrimination they end when you open
your mouth if you're standing right in
front of somebody as soon as you start
talking whatever they thought before you
talked just goes away and how you talk
and how you treat them becomes the thing
just immediately and it never changes
after that so discriminating in person
is odious and immoral and unethical
totally against it 100%
discriminating against a class of people
because there's something that makes
that class dangerous sure yes and you
need men to do it because women can't do
it because women are going to say well
let's all hold hands and S Kumba yeah
you do that while they rape you and kill
you but your men will say no we're not
going to let those people into the
country uh and it doesn't matter if it
feels bad to you we're just going to
keep you safe
um Marjorie Taylor green going hard at
speaker Johnson saying that he's a part
of the uni party she gives three
examples of what would make him a uni
party almost a
Democrat um number one uh he passed that
omnius bill that
uh does bad things like uh blah blah
blah uh refus to make an amendment
um blah blah blah all right reauthorized
fisa and gave a bunch of money to
Foreign Wars so he didn't closed the
Border authorized spying on
Americans and gave her money away that
does sound pretty unip
partyish now I'm going to say again that
no matter what you think of marjerie
Taylor Green's opinions and policies and
stuff I'm really glad she's
there because even if you don't think
she should get her away and whatever
she's promoting and sometimes I think
that I think I'm sure glad that somebody
brought that up you know there the same
thing I think about Thomas Massie
because both marjerie Taylor green and
Thomas Massie are often the you know the
the one Rogue person who's saying the
thing that needs to be
said and they don't they don't often
win uh because they tend to be in the
minority but it sure is valuable and I
like give them as many shout outs as I
can just for being good uh Patriots and
citizens and adding value at Great
personal risk and I appreciate it in
both cases ladies and gentlemen this
brings me to the conclusion of my
prepared remarks I'm going to talk to
the uh people on locals
privately for a little bit but thanks
for joining on YouTube and Rumble and uh
the xplatform and I will see you again
tomorrow same time same place and uh
until then
I'm going to say hi to the locals and
bye to everybody
else bye everybody
else
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e