rumbles up and videos
down Tesla is kind of
flat well let's get this day going I'm
going to call up the comments from these
special people on locals the
subscribers and then we got a show for
you you're going to love it
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you want to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cup or muger a
glass of tanker chel Stein canteen jug a
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the do me end of the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called
that's right the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go I feel smarter with every Sip and so
do you so do you well as you know the
big news tragically is a um jet crashed
with an American Airlines Regional
flight it was a black or jet
and it fell in the patomic I guess uh
the debris from both everybody died it
was a midair Collision so there was not
much chance and they fell in the icy
water so it looks like at least 60
people which would be all the people on
the Jet and all maybe a crew of three I
think not not everybody's been located
but there's not much chance at survival
zero basically um so we're still in the
fog of War period but uh people are
speculating how could this happen you
know it's such a such a normal thing for
there to be traffic in that part of the
world and all of that advanced
technology should have seen each other
but that's what people who are not
Pilots say would you like to hear what a
pilot
says which is very different from what
you and I are saying because here's you
and I trying to figure out this
situation
huh if I looked out the window of my
helicopter would I be able to see a
gigantic airplane coming my way I think
I would so it doesn't make sense I
didn't see it and if I were in a giant
Airline would I be able to see a
helicopter coming toward me well of
course I would because you know I I
don't know anything about airplanes but
I can look out a window and I can see a
thing but here's what here's what an
actual um and expert in Blackhawk
helicopters tells us here's somebody who
follows me on X so I was alerted to this
one uh Mark mckian says I was a
Blackhawk helicopter crew chief in the
Army okay that's exactly who I want to
hear from and not only that but he was a
flight instructor okay now we're talking
to the right person I want to know
somebody who's an expert in these
helicopters how hard is it to spot other
traffic and the bottom line is it's
super hard even for the experts so you
could actually have this accident happen
without
much going wrong I hate to say it but it
might not be that anybody did anything
wrong in quotes it could have been this
is just a really hard thing to
do so uh and he talks about the massive
responsibility of the people who are the
crew for the helicopter or blackhaw
specifically and part of their job is to
look be the extra eyes for the pilot so
they're the ones who were looking for
the extra things that the pilot might
not spot and he said I can tell you
after doing this for hundreds of
hours even when you know exactly where a
Blackhawk is and you have night vision
goggles on it is extremely in all
capital letters hard to see the
aircraft so from the the perspective of
the commercial
flight um seeing it probably wasn't even
an option I mean it just really really
really really hard to see so my current
view on this is that uh it's still fog
of War you know we don't know exactly
what wrong um but the most the most
likely is that it was just really really
hard situation for even experienced
Pilots even with all the electronics in
the world and it probably was just a
very unfortunate Perfect Storm of
something being in exactly the wrong
place the wrong time that's my guess my
guess is that you know there will be no
specific
blame um I feel like it was just hard
and and some people say we're lucky we
haven't had more of these because the
odds of something like this happening
are pretty good just in general so the
fact that one happened does doesn't mean
anything new is added to the story
necessarily but as you know Aaron rup
arthy sometimes considered the worst
person in the media who's literally
famous for fake news so famous that his
name itself is used as one of the uh
synonyms for fake news so a rupar edit
is something that used to be true until
it got edited to look like the opposite
so so he uh soon as the the accident
happened he posts a news story about how
Trump had gutted key Aviation Safety
Committee and fired the head of the TSA
now that only happened this
week I don't think that the firing of
the head of the
TSA affected the capability of the
Blackhawk pilot or the commercial
airline I I I think it's pretty safe for
all of us to say whatever went wrong it
wasn't because of trump he's been there
a week and the only change he made
couldn't have possibly had an
operational
impact uh or at least you better you
better connect the dots a lot better if
you're going to make that theory so
what's funny about it is that there was
a time when people would have just
argued about the truth as a statement or
hey is that true that something Trump
did could be part the story or or is
that not true but this time uh and I'm
very happy to report almost all of the
heat that rupar got was for being that
rupar
guy so oh I'm happy about that because
the the reason I came up with the term
arupar and used his last name to to be
synonymous with a certain kind of fake
news is that when he does something on a
topic like this your first thought
should be oh it's rupar rupar doing a
rupar because that's the healthiest
thing you could think the moment you
think oh here's a somebody making a
point I disagree with it doesn't really
look like he's trying to make points it
looks like he's being rupar you know
whatever whatever his motives are we
don't know but it doesn't look
accidental that he's wrong all the time
does it it doesn't look accidental can't
read his mind but he doesn't make it
look like an accident so use your own
judgment but watching people just uh
destroy him reputationally instead of
dealing with the Ridiculousness of the
point of view was
fun uh meta agreed to and but let me let
me just uh let me Circle back for a
moment the uh I don't want to have fun
with the tragedy so I'll have fun with
the rupar but uh 60 people this is like
one of the worst air accidents in a long
time we'll argue about you know how long
it's been but this is seriously bad I
mean even Trump his
optimism kind of left him last night he
even posted on truth you know it's a
terrible night for the United States so
it's just a terrible night and you know
complete Sympathy for the families and
and the victims and uh in incredible
respect for the recovery
crew imagine working at
night in freezing water you know
obviously they're equipped but in
freezing
water um and the the awfulness of what
they have to do just and that's the job
they signed up for Imagine signing up to
be in that line of work to if if if a
bunch of bodies end up in a freezing
River you're the one to go get them I
mean that the fact that we have humans
who will take that job and then do it
well my god um so full
respect all right another story meta has
agreed to pay Trump $25 million to
settle the lawsuit about Trump getting
kicked off of uh Facebook back in back
when he got kicked off uh the I love
this
settlement you know I I don't always
love settlements or even Court decisions
but there's something there's something
really healthy about this one first of
all the 25 million isn't going to hurt
Facebook's business that's good that's
good I don't want them to go out of
business um it's big enough so we all
get the point right 25 million all right
you have my attention we get the point
that the the censorship of trump was is
just flat out wrong I'm pretty sure
Zuckerberg says that directly at this
point he does right he says that
directly so once Zuckerberg and meta
have said we acted you know wrong a
settlement makes sense and from Trump's
point of view once they've admitted that
they were wrong and it looks genuine by
the way I think Zuckerberg means
everything he says about this um you
don't need to get a billion
dollars right yeah you just you don't
need that you just need a nice clean
solid apology SL settlement it's just
the right number and even better um 20 I
guess 22 million of the 25 will go to
the Trump Library instead of you know
Trump's pocket you don't want that and
um the rest goes to pay their lawyers
nicely done that that would be
you know I I take this back to how
apologies work the difference between
men and women I've mentioned this
before uh when men apology apologize to
men and you could you could sort of see
this settlement as like a Zuckerberg
apologizing to
Trump men accept
apologies as long as it looks like you
mean it you know we're not we're not
going to delve into your personal
thoughts but if you say it like you mean
it and you act like you mean it and you
change your behavior we're like great
done you're you're even more awesome
than I thought so apologies really work
for men if they're real for women might
be a different situation I'm no expert
on women so I can't say one way or the
other but it never seems to
work if you've ever tried it doesn't
seem to work the same way but I can tell
you from my own person personal
experience you can change me from your
know raging anger to oh we're good now
we're just an apology you know depending
on the situation so so this looks like a
man-to-man apology Zuckerberg to Trump
and it looks like the two of them
handled it like men nicely
done um some of you can say oh he's just
covering his ass you know that's that's
what we do right um and there's some
element of that so there is never just
one thing you know can't Zuckerberg do
what makes sense and what he thinks is
right but it also is good for business
it's also good for covering his ass
nothing wrong with that give him a
ther meanwhile Elon Musk says that uh
now that the full self-driving
capabilities of the Teslas have have
really reached breakout level uh
breakout meaning there's no question
that the self-driving is safer than a
human driver
just no question I believe I believe
that's
over I think the argument about who's
safer you could just put it completely
to rest so we'll see I mean we need data
to prove it but I but I think he's got
the data on that anyway so musk says
that Tesla's going to
launch full self-driving
unsupervised meaning you don't have to
touch the steering wheel or look at the
road um and this service will be a paid
ride share service in Austin in
June now that's a good way to you know
take a a halfway movement into um the
full cyber cab world I think there's
going to be a lot of lot of work to get
that up and running but I'm pretty sure
Tesla can make that work so in
June um that would be a great time to go
to Austin just to see how it
works you know I won't do that but I can
see how people would that' be that' be
an awesome American vacation just to go
see the future see how feels that'd be
great at the same time I saw add the
Optimus also Tesla product the Optimus
robot uh a little more information than
we had about it and
uh it's 5
fo8 and it weighs 125 lb it can lift 150
lb and it can walk at a speed of 1.34
milph and it looks like the cost maybe
not the first models but but very soon
when they get to production of a you
know a million year I think they expect
the costs per unit to be 20 to
$30,000 so and uh it looks like it'll be
launched this year so
2025 if uh if Tesla hits his
Target this will be the year that you've
got a
robot now I don't know what the first
one is going to
cost um you know I hate to be the one
who spends you know way too much on the
first robot and then six months later
it's
$25,000 but I really want one so I would
I'd probably
overpay uh I wouldn't
overpay stupid crazy you know idiot
money but I might overpay a little bit
so I'd love to see a price I'll tell you
if I'll pay it uh that might help them
with their research but uh why did they
have to make the thing exactly my height
they almost made it my height and my
weight now to make me feel like I live
in a simulation because one of one of
the things I worry about with a
robot is the same thing I worry about
with a
dog I made sure that when I that when we
selected Snickers I wanted to make sure
that if things got under of control I
could still win in a fair fight against
the dog you know if you get you get some
giant you know some giant dog or pitbull
that's one of the big muscular ones you
say to yourself I don't know I think I
could win a fight but I'm not sure I
could it's dangerous to have something
living in your house that's both
unpredictable and could beat you in a
fair fight so I just try to avoid that
right um so the Rob
the robot looks like it's going to be
stronger than me is um could I lift 150
lbs well yeah I can I mean that's
literally my exact weight so so it can
lift my exact weight and it's my size so
it can carry me
around I'm gonna make my robot carry me
around see it won't work for you if
because you're 151 pounds or more but
I'm exactly
150 I'll be like Carl can you carry me
to
bed again
Master yes again you know you could walk
master I know why do you make me call
you master I don't know I just like
it so robots are coming Senator Mark
Menendez you know him has gold bar Bob
he got sentenced to 11 years in prison
does that sound right does it sound
right if a uh highlevel Federal elected
official is selling access for money
gold bars is 11 years about right yeah
yeah it actually yeah feels about right
um I don't always say that it seems like
the the sentences are always too light
or too long but yeah I think they got
one I think they got that one right so
good work uh the court system
good work the
prosecutors I think you got that all
completely
right well there's going to be a uh
bunch of Democrats who have formed to
object to Trump's idea to cut
taxes that sounds like a punchline
doesn't it this is real there is an
organized group of Democrats who are
going to oppose Trump's call for lower
taxes
now lower just means he wants to extend
the current situation that's what they
call lower just doing what we're already
doing but
um the funny part is that they named
their Democrat group families over a
billionaires their idea being that the
billionaires are going to get the tax
breaks families over
billionaires and the families over
billionaires who don't want the
billionaires to have so much control and
get the benefits uh are going to have
have an alleged eight figure
funding so 10 to $99
million who could afford to give a group
like this over $10 million let's see a
millionaire a millionaire oh no 10
million is more than a million so you
couldn't you couldn't really donate that
if you're like just a basic millionaire
who oh maybe a billionaire are there any
billionaires that donate to Republican
or to Democrats
yes there are it's called Alexander
Soros it's called Reed Hoffman yes so
they think that their billionaires are
the good ones and uh they would claim
that the Republican billionaires are the
bad ones so they're going to have their
billionaires uh fund a fake organization
that's going to pretend it's in favor of
higher
taxes their whole thing is to pretend
they're they're in favor of higher taxes
okay okay all right I'm glad that you
woke up today and went to went to fight
went to fight for the things that you
believe in higher
taxes
um so that's not ideally not
ideal uh meanwhile if you saw the RFK
Junior confirmation earrings you
probably enjoyed it uh my take on it was
I thought RFK Jr answered
tough questions better than I maybe have
ever seen anybody answer tough questions
because he had the data you know right
in the back of his or the front of his
head he didn't even have to go to the
back of his head he knew exactly what he
was talking about and every one of the
gotas he had an explanation that when
you were done you'd say oh oh well that
actually is not what I thought it was
and it really tells you how fake the
fake news was was because that's all
they had it turns out that the only
thing they had was fake news so when he
sits there and calmly explains you know
why it's fake and what the real context
is it's really powerful so I don't think
they laid a glove on him he's got maybe
another day or so of of testifying to a
slightly different group I
think but it's some of the best best
answers I've seen
um but the the funniest thing that came
out of it was Bernie Sanders and his
onesies if you haven't seen the clip yet
Bernie Sanders thinks he has this real
gotcha because somebody developed a
onesie which would be a clothing item
for a baby or I guess a baby uh and the
baby clothing would have some had some
antiva message on it so Bernie puts that
up uh puts up a picture of the onesies
with the antia message he says are you
supportive of these
onesies and of course uh RFK Jr had
nothing to do with the
onesies not directly not indirectly so
he decides not to answer that dumb
question and he just says I'm supportive
of vaccines now first of all that's a
perfect answer anything he said other
than this sentence I'm supportive of
vaccines would have been a mistake of
all the billions and billions of things
you could have said there was only one
perfect thing
and he said it now I really notice that
if there's only one perfect thing and
everything else is a mistake if you can
find the one perfect thing and you lead
with
it I'm supportive of vaccines there's no
hedging on that now it doesn't mean
every vaccine doesn't mean he wants to
do it without testing but he's generally
supportive so that should have been the
end of the questioning
right what once he says I'm in favor of
vaccines which is the opposite of the
message on that onesie but we're done
here right but Bernie apparently had
gone through the trouble to make this to
make this Visual and he wasn't going to
quit on
it so he starts doing this
ridiculous are you supportive of the
onesie uh well I I support vaccines but
what about the onesie what about the
onesie tell us about the
onesie
and and you could just see people behind
RFK Jr like Megan Kelly just laughing
and then RFK Jr just he can't stifle his
own
laugh so the the video that got the most
play was RFK Jr literally laughing at
Bernie being just a total idiot on this
point I mean I respect Bernie in a lot
of ways you know partly his stick toess
and you know he seems pretty committed
to his principles whether like him or
not but sorry Bernie this was the most
absurd
ridiculous uh
anti-science anti- useful complete waste
of time but you made a clown to yourself
and it was entertaining so we like that
we like the entertaining part
anyway um here's what I
think I think that the thing about RFK
Jun that is really unique is that it's
not
political it's a political process but
you know he's a lifelong Democrat and he
is selected for one of the top jobs by
the top
Republican that's as non-political as
you can get when the top Republican
picks one of the most famous Democrats
and by the way RFK Jr has never said oh
now I'm a republican that never happened
he's the same guy he always was it's
just that he wants this one Mission and
it's important enough that he'll do it
in whatever way can get it done so it's
the least political thing you'll ever
see in your life which makes me like it
the
most it's also one of the most important
things I can't really come up with
something besides the debt the debt is
existential but beyond the debt this is
really my number one and probably should
be most people's number one now I'll
tell you why I'm more of a more on the
war path for this than other people I've
actually done the
experiment where I cut off all processed
foods for
months you won't believe how well you
feel if you do the experiment of just
getting rid of you know it's expensive
because processed food is cheaper and
more convenient and everything else but
if you can do it and you just do your
basic proteins and your basic organic if
you can do it vegetables and fruits and
stuff you're going to find out that a
lot of what you thought were your
medical problems were food related I
thought I had terrible allergies all
year long all the time no matter what I
don't I had a reaction to poison food
and I never had any unpoisoned food I
guess as an adult so so I didn't really
notice I didn't think it was food cuz no
matter what I ate I had the same
reaction but I had to actually cut down
the number of things I eat to just this
tiny sliver of things I allow myself and
then all my symptoms go away now if you
haven't experienced that you don't quite
understand what's at stake what's at
stake is chronic illness for all your
children
forever they'll die they'll suffer
they're lives will be terrible they'll
barely barely be able to pay attention
in school and I don't even know if they
can
mate it's the end of the world
if we don't get him in there maybe you
know you can't guarantee that of course
but this is life and death for the
children th this is bigger than abortion
you know I guess you could argue that
but one of the things I always
appreciated about the uh the most
conservative Republicans without without
necessarily agreeing with their opinion
I respect the fact that the Republicans
said we're going to we're going to move
this decision out of the federal
government put it in the courts and
we're going to get killed in the
elections now that has my respect if you
think that's important enough and again
this is their opinion not mine I'm just
respecting that the thing they decided
to you know die on that sword they knew
they were going to die on the sword they
they knew they'd get killed in the
midterms they'd get you maybe lose 2020
or whatever so the Republicans who said
we believe this so hard we're going to
we're going to die on The Sword I really
respect that even if you don't agree
with them on abortion that that is a
respected approach to life now when I
see RFK Jr taking this kind of personal
professional
risk to get this done to save the
children save the families save America
my god do I have respect for that you
know what I don't respect the people
trying to stop him now I can kind of
understand maybe Democrats you know just
doing the political thing blah blah blah
but there are enough Republicans so it
shouldn't
matter unless a handful of Republicans
turn on him because they're getting
funded by the pharmo or big food lobbies
which is probably the only reason I can
think of it would happen and let me just
say this isn't Politics as
normal this is not Politics as normal if
Republicans kill the RFK junr thing
we're not going to forget because this
would be like driving up to your family
and punching every one of your family
members in front of you and then driving
away and saying hey well that was
yesterday that was yesterday I I drove
up and punched in the face every one of
your kids what are you going to forget
it no I'm not going to forget it if you
punch my children in the face while I'm
standing there and walk away 40 years
from now you're still going to pay if I
have a chance right we're coming for you
I don't mean physically obviously no
violence please no violence but in terms
of career in terms of reputation in
terms of money in terms of politics yeah
it's this is to the end so you can
retire and we're still coming after you
reputationally reputationally not
physically um so I'm with Nicole
Shanahan as hard as you can be with
anything so Nicole says that if you you
vote against this especially if you're a
republican she doesn't say that part but
I do especially if you're Republican
it's so clearly obvious that you're
being bought out and that you've chosen
the life of our kids over
whatever you're getting out of somebody
you're going to pay for it this
isn't like the other stuff the other
stuff is just politics we get it we
don't win every time we can't win
everything sometimes we win sometimes we
lose we get it we get over it we're not
going to get over this we're not
GNA get over it this is to the
end again not physical we're not talking
about any violence but you think you're
going to stay in politics if you vote
against RFK Jr and you kick him
out no we're not getting over it we're
not getting over it and you're not going
to get over it either we're going to
make sure of that
reputationally that's a
promise um Edward Snowden said about
tulsy gabard who's also going to be in
the confirmation
process um that so I guess tulsey gabard
has been in favor of Edward Snowden
being pardoned if I have the background
right and then Snowden not wanting her
to fail in
confirmations because of him um said
that he said in the post today that
tulsy gabard will be required to disown
all prior support for
whistleblowers meaning himself and
others as a condition of confirmation
today I encourage her to do so in other
words to disavow even Snowden tell them
I harmed National Security and the sweet
soft feeling of
Staff it hurt their feelings indeed see
that's what passes as the Pledge of
Allegiance so I'm not sure this noden is
helping you know but it might I mean I
don't know that it
hurt but uh she might
actually no I don't think she will I
don't think she's going to disavow him
it doesn't feel like something she would
do yeah I'm seeing the comments there's
there's a story going around
that um some are saying that Lyme
disease wasn't naturally occurring it
was also a lab leak now I would consider
that so far a
rumor um but you know how these rumors
turn into a real thing if you wait long
enough it sounds like a conspiracy
theory but you know I'm not going to be
the one who says well 6 months from now
remember when I said that was a
conspiracy theory and then some
information came out
so I'll say that I don't know enough
about that story to say it's true or
false it's just out there uh if you had
told me that Lyme disease was you know
made in a bioweapon lab if you told me
that 10 years ago I would have just said
come on come on that doesn't really
happen in the real world does it
somebody makes a bioweapon suddenly it
gets out and you know you know millions
of people are infected that that's not a
real thing
but it's a real thing so whether it
happened with Lyme disease or not don't
know don't know I guess we'll find out
more but I don't rule it out it's like
the the years of ruling out things just
because they sound like they're
ridiculous can't do it anymore we're in
the ridiculous world
now
anyway um so we'll see how telsey gabard
does and I guess cash Patel is today as
well is that
right uh is Mike Ben saying the Lyme
disease does he confirm it or just give
us the background so we can make up our
own opinion I'll check that out I'll see
I'll see what Ben is saying because
remember Ben
uses um or at least when he documents
what his opinions he uses public
information so if Ben has an opinion on
this that leans more toward the you know
lab leak Theory it's going to be based
on stuff you can check yourself you know
he shows the receipts so that would be
interesting I'll check that out for
you um I was watching uh The Daily
Show uh whose initials are TDS which is
important The Daily Show they even put
the initials on the background for part
of the opening segment it actually says
TDS all over the
background you would have think they
would have fixed that by now but uh John
seart he came on and uh he said this
about how the Democrats are responding
to Trump so far he said quote things are
going to get fascist fascist you know
more fascist uh and he cautioned
Democrats that they don't want to ruin
all their credibility by complaining
about things that are you know not
factually correct or not
important so John Stewart
is warning people that they're not being
rational in their complaints about
Trump he's doing that on a show whose
letters are
TDS and here's the best part let me pull
it all together now you probably have
all seen maybe more than once a famous
clip where long before the uh covid lab
leak in Wuhan was established as the
most likely source of it uh John Stewart
broke ranks with the popular opinions
and on the co Bear show he mocked the
fact that there was any
doubt that the
Wuhan uh what was it the Wuhan um
Institute of
virology which happened to be across the
street from the wet
Market he just mocked people for
thinking it was anything but the most
obvious thing which was the very lab
that was working on the very thing now
you remember how he did it right he just
mocked the fact that the name of the lab
was the answer to the mystery you didn't
have to go any deeper than the name of
the lab the name of the lab we're done
here people look at the name of the lab
now that's hilarious because we're we're
also complicated in our thinking that
you really didn't really need to go past
the name of the
lab the reason it's funny is that it's
100% correct you don't need to think
deeper it's uh it's a sign on the door
yeah that tells you everything you need
to know right on the
sign but the same guy who brought us
that piece of Brilliance and bravery
which was pure bravery by the way
because he was going against pretty big
forces when he said that John Stewart
was sits on a set that literally says
TDS and warns people that things are
going to get fascistic
now I got to pay payback John Stewart a
little bit here and by the way I I love
his I love his whole thing even when I
disagree with him he's very good at what
he
does I Gotta Go full John Stewart on you
John Stewart I Gotta Go full John
Stewart
John the letters on your
set say
TDS not just once probably a hundred
times 100 times TDS
TDS do you think that might be the
better explanation of why you things
think things might get
fascist do you do you think those are
unrelated that you're sitting in front
of a TDS
background saying that everything was
fine but I think it could turn
fascy maybe you'll steal your
democracy how long do we have to go
before he doesn't do anything like any
of those
things before you
realize it's just the Wuhan Institute of
virology it's right on the sign just
read the sign now I know these are it's
an analogy so it's not a perfect
argument it's just kind of so simulation
perfect I can't I can't stop looking
meanwhile over at uh you know the big
situation about deep seek you know the
Chinese open- Source AI that samay was
only 5% as much uh cost as the American
Ai and just as good and destroying our
industry and all that well I did a
little research and I found out how you
can make an AI That's 5% of the cost of
the United States AI are you ready
number one you lie about how much it
cost that's important to the process
uh so you say uh it only cost
5% so that's very important if you told
the truth it would sound like we have
way more Nvidia
gpus than you think even though we're
not supposed to have any we've got a
whole data center or two that's just
stacked with them and it cost us
millions and millions and millions and
millions of dollars so the first thing
is you just don't mention it
and then later later if somebody says uh
you know actually I think there was like
a giant data center involved because
otherwise you couldn't get to where you
are then you just it's too late because
you've already got out the the 5% is
already in people's minds oh it only
cost them five million wow cheap so when
later you find out oh they had certainly
had a data center full of very expensive
equipment to get there you just kind of
forget that part so that's the first
thing second thing is instead of using
training data that you've scraped from
the entire internet the way the big us
companies
do you steal it from the people who
stole it so if the big AI companies
stole my IP and my copyrighted works but
tried to cover it up by you know
generalizing it um first the US
companies steal it and pay nothing to
people like me that's a separate
separate conversation
but then if you want to really save some
money you steal it from the people who
stole it so if you steal from
Steelers it looks like it's
free it's not free to me uh being one of
the original copyright holders who has
tons of material which apparently AI is
trained on how do I know because I can
ask it and it knows a hell of a lot
about me so yeah it trained on me pretty
hard
um so that's how you do it you lie about
how much Hardware you used and then you
just steal what somebody else already
stole and then looks cheap and then you
lie about how many people are working on
it and all that stuff so that works um
however I would like to uh add this
thought think about all the important
people in time you know like Plato and
Socrates and all that
if people stop reading and start using
AI which apparently is happening and um
AI reaches sort of a training limit
roughly now meaning that there's not
much else to train on in the real world
it's it's sucked up all the real world
stuff so it's got to use you know
artificial data to
extend what that means correct me if I'm
wrong but if there were some modern
voices in the world that were unusually
powerful would they not forever be part
of ai's
personality and would they not be more
important for being current and alive at
the moment and creating a lot of
documents then let's say somebody who
was really smart but died a thousand
years ago and we only have a few
surviving texts that sort of thing so
would it be true
that the people who are let's say
best-selling authors or um public
figures who who've got a lot of opinions
would it be true that their their impact
on humanity is sort of locked in now
meaning that AI is sort of permanently
affected by the people who are the most
persuasive at the moment because that's
where all the training happened and then
after the training happened all they do
is run some updates I guess some new
stuff happened but you know it's hardly
going to change the
whole is it true that some people will
be more locked in as the personality of
AI than other
people and am I one of those people let
me give you an example if you go to Ai
and it depends which AI you're you're
looking at and you ask this question
which I have asked uh if you say what is
the impact of Scott Adams on
politics now I asked that question I
forget which AI it might have been
perplexity and I think grock has a
similar answer but um I think it was
perplexity that told me that my
contribution to politics was that I
changed the national conversation from
policy to
persuasion now that's what AI
says now is that true
true it certainly seems like it because
if you look at the way you know any
podcaster or anybody else is talking
about anything we do talk about the
policy but we spend way more time as I
have already today talking about the
Liars we talk about the fake news
because that's persuasion we talk about
rupar and these Technique we talk about
the White House publishing a hoax list
that's up to four hoaxes
right
right that's mostly me that's mostly me
and that appears to be now locked in to
what AI thinks about the world so cancel
me or
not too late
 I'm baked into the AI and
probably you'll never get it out of
there probably all of my books the the
main themes of all of my main books such
as systems being more important than
goals um the idea of a talent stack AI
knows that
stuff it knows it and it'll repeat it
back to you now is that a um is that
because it stole my copyrighted work not
necessarily because so many people
talked about my work that if they just
trained on the people talking about it
they'd probably get almost everything
they needed so those are several several
contributions that seem like they might
be permanent in the AI brain and then
there's Dilbert itself you know 36 years
of Dilbert comics which certainly
changed America if you were watching the
business book Market at that time
business books that promised to tell you
how to do everything great if you just
you know did what the business book
author said they became like the just
the biggest thing then dilber came along
and mocked all of that for
being completely worthless crap and the
business market for business books
collapsed it never recovered now every
once in a while there'll be a big book
but the the whole idea that any
consultant can write a book and it's a
bestseller that for a while it just
seemed like anybody with a business name
was writing a bestseller about how to be
successful that kind of all went away as
and it was replaced by what I call a
Dilbert point of view which is sort of
cynical and you know it's about your
bosses looking out for themselves Etc
and I'm pretty sure the AI has absorbed
all of
that all of it so even let's say a more
minor
example there's um we'll see in the
comments how many if you ever seen it
how many of you have seen a one-page
document I wrote years ago on uh had to
be a better writer how many of you have
seen that it's one of the most viral
things for years and years and years now
that's going around
everywhere
and I would assume that AI has absorbed
it because it's been in so many places
and repeated and repeated and recopied
and it's a meme and everything else so
the reason it got around is that nobody
disagreed with it you know the experts
looked at and said yeah that looks about
right so have I have I become a
permanent part of what it takes to be a
good writer in the future and would AI
itself be influenced by anything I said
because it recognize oh here's the guide
to being a good writer I'm trying to be
succinct I'll just do that I don't know
no way to know that but here's what I'm
saying more generally you know I'm using
myself as the example because I know the
most about my own work but don't you
think
don't you think that the people who are
the the most effective voices at the
moment on social media are going to get
permanently a higher status in AI until
the end of time because because when AI
decided to do it its big
learning it seems like that's going to
be the bias it will
have forever so good luck canceling me
now
suckers I'm in the
machine I'm in the
machine all
right um so the US copyright office
according to just the
news um did a ruling that uh artists can
copyright some work that is created with
the help of AI so what is not
copyrighted is if the only thing you did
is put in a prompt like show me an image
of trump riding a bicycle can't
copyright that um but if
you had Trump riding a bicycle but then
you painted your own image of something
over it so it's part Ai and it's part
you you can copyright that copyright the
whole thing so there's going to be a lot
of gray area
um well but but I like that they've at
least taken that step that the human
artist has substantially added to the AI
the AI is just a tool and then the you
know the ownership and Artistry of the
Creator still gets credit so this a step
in the right direction it's going to get
really really gray and messy but at
least we sorted that out I like that um
according to also on also in just the
news uh somebody named Drew
horn Drew horn
horn which sounds a lot like what I used
to do when I was doodling I would just
draw horns on people sometimes because I
wondered what they would look like with
horns so uh that's his name Drew horns
something I've done so many times anyway
he's the CEO of something called Green
met and he said that uh
Greenland deciding to uh leave Denmark
and have some kind of associ or joining
America would be easier than you
think easier than you think and indeed
if he's right um Greenland only has to
vote on it so apparently Denmark has
been quite open-minded about letting um
Greenland manage itself so Denmark seems
to care about you know the National
Security the big picture they don't they
don't control the laws in Greenland and
the current law according to um Drew
horn is that if they wanted to the
people in Greenland could simply have a
vote and they could vote their own
independence and Denmark would uh
respect it because that's the current
system the current system gives them the
right to vote on anything they want and
if that's what they want to vote on
there's nothing stopping them so in
other
words when this whole conversation
started about how hard it would be for
Trump to possibly pull this off nobody
could ever pull this off it'd be the
hardest
thing it might take one
hour of the people in Greenland doing a
little vote on paper and then counting
it that could be the whole thing the
entire process might be hey we're going
to make you a proposition in Greenland
you can stick with
Denmark or you can make more money going
with us and you'll probably be safer too
how about that why don't you vote on
it that could be the whole thing it
could be literally just seven bullet
points of what we can do for you versus
what Denmark can do for you just bullet
points that's it you don't even have a
document just seven bullet points could
be could be fewer could be five bullet
points just what we'll do what we won't
do have a vote one hour in one hour
Greenland could
completely determine its independence
and what it wanted to do with the United
States in 1 hour so how many times do
you have to
see that Trump picks some objective that
really looks impossible like in the real
practical you know complicated World it
just looks like it can't be done and
then he just does it in an
hour he he's got kind of a reputation
for that just doing in an hour the thing
that can't be done so working with Eli
musk on other things that people say
can't be done like cutting the budget
it's a right on brand for Trump the
stuff that can't be done that he can do
it in an
hour uh Guantanamo Bay is going to get a
new lease on life Pete Heth and the
president want to put uh put the uh the
illegal criminal migrants the ones who
have broken more crimes and just coming
to the country um wants to store them
temporarily in Guantanamo Bay
prior to shipping them back to the
country of
origin uh because in some cases the
country of origin will take a little
take a little leaning on to to make them
say yes that seems to me like a perfect
use of it number one it's hard for AOC
to
visit because you don't want people
crying at the fence so you know it gives
it a little uh a little hard to get to
Quality which is probably good um some
reporters I assume will get there I I
don't think it's off completely
inaccessible but maybe the ones who go
there will be vetted so they're not rars
and
aoc's um so that seems like a good use
of something that already
exists uh meanwhile this one's fun Fox
News uh Caitlyn McFall is reporting on
this that the incoming UK Ambassador so
this is who the the UK has decided will
be the ambassador to the United unit
States remember we have a special
relationship a special relationship with
the UK it's special and uh their new
Ambassador is coming in uh Lord Peter
mandon um he says good things about
Trump today but uh he didn't always say
good things about him because in 2019 he
had said that Trump was quote a danger
to the world a danger to the world
which is another way of saying you have
TDS and you're worried that Trump will
be more fascist things will get more
fasy that's kind of what he was saying
in 2019 but now he's changed his tune
and he says that Trump could be one of
the most consequential American
presidents of his lifetime oh hold on
hold on nope nope if you read that fast
it sounds like a
compliment but just being most
consequential would not be counter to
his earlier opinion that he was a danger
to the world a danger to the world would
also be the most
consequential so he' better say better
than that does he have anything better
to say than most
consequential
well uh he also said I consider my
remarks about President Trump as ill
judged and wrong huh but why were they
ill judged and wrong because his opinion
was wrong
or were they ill judged and wrong
because it's inconvenient to his current
career
objectives H I think I need need to know
more about why you think you were wrong
but he goes on and and he said I think
that times and attitudes toward the
president have
changed okay you're still not saying
what your attitude is I get it that
other people's attitudes have changed
you're so close to saying something
right and good but you're not there yet
you're not there can he can he take it
over the line and then he said he said
um I think that he meaning Trump I think
that Trump has one fresh respect he
added he certainly has for me oh okay
now we're talking so has fresh
respect um and that is going to be the
basis of all the work I do for his
Majesty's Ambassador in the United
States
now there's some rumor that the US Trump
in particular would reject their
Ambassador would reject their
Ambassador
but would you reject him if he's on the
right page now because all I really want
from other countries is that they treat
the US with respect and they understand
that that's the way it has to be you
know you don't have to agree with
everything that's not a requirement but
respect yeah don't call our leader a
danger to the world and act like you can
work with yeah okay so on one level
you'd say to yourself H I don't know
maybe we could do better could we get
somebody who didn't once hate him that
that seems like a safer play but on the
other hand somebody who's like an ex
smoker you know who admitting he was
wrong and now he's trying to make good
well that could be good too maybe he'll
try hard harder to show that he's on
Trump side maybe it'll work in our favor
but it does ask does make me wonder if
the quote special
relationship is are they using the word
special in what context is it Special
Olympics or is
it special like it's just good now no
disrespect to the Special Olympics which
is pretty
awesome um but we do wonder what they
mean by that special relationship CU
that word can be interpreted in more
than one way but uh if this guy thought
Trump was a danger to the world and then
he found out he was completely wrong in
his political
worldview is that the guy you want
representing your country the guy who
was wrong about something so basic and
the reason he was wrong is not because
of his opinion but because he fell for
brainwashing if you fall for
brainwashing
and it's public and everybody can see it
is that the one you want sitting in the
US for your special relationship I don't
know so here's my take I think
he's you know maybe minimally
acceptable but if Trump decided get him
out of here just get him out I'd be okay
with that I I think that's up to Trump
that's a personal decision for him and I
could go either way meanwhile according
to the Daily wire the White House has
received uh over 7400 applications to be
some kind of New Media White House
reporter because the White House has
opened up the uh question answering or
the question asking process for the
press the Press events and uh now if
you're a podcaster or something you can
apply and if they like you and you look
like a serious news related entity you
can get a some kind of press
credentials um here's what I think first
of all this is brilliant everything
about this is good why wouldn't the
Democrats do it
well let me give you the obvious reason
the Democrats benefit when the
traditional corporate media is healthy
because that's those are the ones that
have their back so the corporate media
is basically a Democrat platform most of
it
and but we can't live without it because
you also need the
news um I've said this before but if the
corporate media died tomorrow I wouldn't
have much to talk
about because I mostly riff off of
things they did
stupidly right and then there are things
that you know the White House announces
so a lot of the news is just the White
House announced something or they
answered a question or they have a plan
podcasters can do that we don't need we
don't need NBC to be in the
room tell us what happened in the room
and then we go and make our podcast
mocking NBC's bad interpretation of it
but also you know looking at the
original so we can see what they got
wrong so that's what I do all day and uh
it looks like maybe the Trump
Administration is not only you know
opening up their access which they like
to do but maybe they're killing the
corporate news because if a podcaster is
getting the direct news from the White
House staff and has access to all the
right people and can ask all the right
questions I don't need NBC I don't need
MSNBC I don't need ABC I could just go
to whichever podcaster got the
credentials and spent the most time at
the White House so this could be a a
death blow to the corporate news I don't
know if they mean it to be that but
could be that
way um chrisy
gnome um she's a uh Homeland Security
secretary and she announced an end to
grant funding uh abused by NOS for
aiding illegal
migrants wow that is so
good I I you know I asked the other day
I said what are we going to just on x I
said when is the government going to cut
the funding to these NOS now I said all
of them but what what I really meant was
the bad ones and it looks like the bad
ones are all out of money now or at
least at least government funding
so man it it makes me wonder how was it
ever a
thing that gigantic percentage of our
you know our budget was going to these
really just money wering highly
political things that the country would
never have agreed to if they knew it was
happening so man cleaning that up is
that's quite a swamp cleanup I'm happy
about that meanwhile Trump has
signed um what NBC News is
calling a sweeping executive order let's
see if all the podcasters had access to
all the White House would I need NBC
news to tell me what what Trump just
signed nope I could get that from Tim P
or who whoever is going to get
credentials anyway so uh is it a big
deal why is it a big deal he said that
it would prioritize and free up federal
funding to expand school choice programs
oh it's a big deal because there's
there's big money behind it and uh the
government would be behind at least the
federal government would be strongly
backing homeschooling
um I feel like that might be one of the
most historic decisions in the history
of the United
States if you don't follow the
homeschooling thing you're thinking to
yourself well Trump did a lot this week
that's that's not like the biggest one
or anything it might be that might be
the biggest thing because if we don't
fix education everything breaks and
education is completely broken right now
it's completely broken the here's what I
never hear
I've never heard this once actually I've
never heard somebody who homeschools
their child say that was the biggest
mistake I ever made should have sent
them to public school not once and I
know quite a few homeschoolers at this
point know you you you all know some
homeschoolers right have you ever heard
any
homeschooler whether whether maybe the
student might say I wish I had more
friends or something but I don't think
any parents
have ever said you know as long as they
had a system that worked I don't think
they've ever said I wish they went to
public
school I have to be honest I've
interacted with enough people who are
products of homeschooling and enough
people who are products of public
schools
um you can really tell the
difference like you can really really
tell the difference am I wrong about
that have you all experienced that that
when you meet a homeschooler versus
meeting a public schooler oh there's a
difference and I don't think it's just
selection it's not just selection it's
it's what you turn into with those two
experiences as your
contrast so that could be a big deal
meanwhile the uh justice department
according to NBC News dropped a
classified documents case against
Trump's
codefendants so I have some question
about the timing of that is that is this
an extension from some old news or is it
really new news but I don't want to see
any of Trump's codefendants go to jail
when Trump himself gets dropped from the
case because he's president that that
just wouldn't feel right to anybody so
uh I don't know the details of that it
just sounds like something good happened
in that
regard speaking of Denmark how does
Denmark get in the news twice I remember
going years without mentioning Denmark
even once but today twice so Denmark for
reasons that are escaping me
um they're they're letting Russia plug
the nordstream 2 the one that got blown
up mysteriously blown up we don't know
who nobody knows yeah we all know um why
would uh why would we be in the middle
of the Ukraine war hopefully closer to
the end but still in it
and Denmark's going to allow them to
rebuild the pipeline that was one of the
biggest
risks how does that make sense well um
not everybody's happy about it Poland
says what the hell are you doing Poland
does not want that to happen because it
just makes uh Russia stronger gives them
economic leverage over that part of the
world in Europe and uh I don't know
what's going on so my take on this is
fog of War there's something about this
story that we don't know it could
be let let me give you my most
optimistic take it could be that all
sides see that the conflict between
Ukraine and Russia and NATO are about
ready to wrap
up if if they know it's about ready to
wrap up and they feel that part of that
will be normal business will be allowed
to you know happen um I could see
Denmark saying oh we're going it's going
to take us months to just get prepared
to do this and give approval so we'll
we'll just say it now because we're
pretty sure the war is going to be
wrapped up in a month you know we'll be
back to normal we need the we need the
gas so why not it's
possible I wouldn't bet on it but it's
POS possible then maybe the United
States said you know don't refer to us
but if you want to get this going we're
not going to stop you because we think
we're going to wrap things up it could
be that that's one of the things that um
Trump has promised
Russia because you could imagine that no
matter what the deal is to end the war
in Ukraine it's going to be some we
don't like and some he doesn't like
otherwise it doesn't happen right
there's no such thing as an end to a war
where both sides got what they wanted
that's not a thing you know don't even
think about that the the way you know
the war is ending is when people are
doing things you know they didn't want
to
do that that's the signal you're looking
for people doing things they didn't want
to do now you're talking that that means
that people have moved off their hard
positions so on one hand it doesn't make
sense to us with what we know that
Denmark would be giving a green light to
rebuild the nordstream
too
but if that's part of what Trump has
said you know I don't like it but I'm
going to give you this you know I'd
rather not compete against it we'd
rather we'd rather you know we didn't
compete but if that's what it's going to
take you know if if that's what makes
people stop
dying we'll we'll just try to out
compete your pipeline instead of blowing
it up I could see that so here's what I
think I think that's a canary in the
canary in the coal mine I think that
Denmark wouldn't go Rogue unless
somebody had whispered in their ear just
speculating just pure speculation but I
feel like you're going to find that a
deal is almost ready because you know
deals are ready before you know that
they're even talking about it uh and
that this might be part of it so I'm
going to take the the optimistic view
which is not entirely called for but
it's it seem it's a sign of the times
the sign of the times is I can take the
optimistic view on this and I won't be
mocked even if it doesn't work out
because if you if you choose
optimism in the middle of the beginning
of the golden age when it does seem like
a lot of things are going our way you're
not crazy you might be wrong but I won't
look crazy in the
end well here's a study in sa poost Eric
Dolan is writing about it says that
human Levolution in the
US um it's talking about that as a topic
that education linked genes are being
selected against meaning that there are
more people being
born um without the without higher
education or without the gene to want to
do it I guess I don't know if the genes
make any difference to wanting to be
educated but
probably um and that these findings
offer new insight blah blah blah blah
blah all right you know what I'm going
to
say is there anybody watching who is not
fully
aware that people with less education
have more
babies you all knew that
right it seems like it's true almost
everywhere I mean maybe in some weird
case like China in some situation
but generally
speaking poor people have more babies
and there's obvious reasons for it if if
you have the option to go to
college uh it's tough to have a family
at the same time so you do one first and
you know then you've got less time and
uh you've got better opportunities than
than just having kids as awesome as it
might be so everything about that makes
sense but you could have just asked me
um I'm pretty sure that dumb people have
more babies and I could give you five
reasons and they would all check
out but I'm going to go
deeper if it's true
today that the Lesser educated people
are outproducing the others was it
always
true is it possible it's always been
true since maybe the younger drest
time because the thing that I think is
the funniest is that we sit around
watching TV and we can't figure out how
the pyramids were built
like how did they move these big rocks
and doesn't they carve them so precisely
and then put them in place and I think
to myself maybe we were just smarter and
we've evolved since that time just
getting dumber and dumber and it's not
going to stop we're just going to keep
getting Dumber
until you know civilization ends maybe
the the only hope is that the robots
will fill in the gap for how dumb we are
and they'll do the SMART stuff so we'll
not even notice so maybe we found a way
to to hack
that um in other news in the guardian
the scientists developed a patch that
you can put on your heart to repair it
but the patch is made from your own
blood and they trick your blood into
turning into stem stem cells and then
they take the stem cells and they turn
it into heart muscles that are your
heart muscles then they put it on a
patch and they slap it on your existing
heart that's damaged
and it helps that part of the heart beat
so it doesn't repair the thing it's over
it just operates as if it's the thing so
the patch becomes the muscle um and then
the muscle being damaged does what it
does but it can't do as much of what it
wants to do that would be a gigantically
big deal because apparently it would be
effective for people with serious heart
injuries so not just somebody with a
little bit of a problem this
could be something like the end of most
art disease well it looks like you got a
little damage on your heart uh it's
going to take us about 2hour operation
uh first we got to take a little blood
turn it into stem cells turn it into
heart muscles turn it into a little
patch slap it on the side of your heart
you're good to go you know you'll you'll
be up and running in a week that that's
going to be a real thing and very soon
that's kind of cool
anyway um according to the New York Post
there's Nationwide uh testing of school
kids found out that their reading levels
have plummeted to the lowest level in 32
years so that's bad right the reading
levels of us kids have plummeted to the
lowest level in 32 years you know what
else is
bad the ability of the news to
understand data and
statistics I haven't done a study but
I'll bet you the ability of the news to
interpret data and statistics is at uh
I'm going to guess a 32ye low because
this is pretty bad let me just give you
a
guess of what they left out of the story
anybody want to guess so they look at
the total average and the total average
is reading levels are the worst in 32
years is there is there anything they
may have left down of the
story I wonder
yeah yeah this is the one story where
the demographics were left
out uh isn't this exactly the kind of
story something about school children
performance isn't this usually where
they include
it like that I always thought that it
would help us if we knew what the
demographic breakdown was because that'd
be a deeper Insight we we would know for
example if systemic
racism was any part of that
although presumably that's not getting
worse so that it would be hard to say
it's systemic racism because that would
be similar to how it's been for 32 years
I don't think it got worse did it um
here's what else is
missing so here's how they handled the
fact that they left out the um the
demographics they said also part of the
same story the gap between the high and
low performing students also showed
signs of trouble oh so it's also a
problem if there's a bigger Gap oh okay
so let's go deeper on that and but what
they said is that the best 10% of the
students were doing better than
ever the lowest 10% of the students were
doing worse than
ever so let me say it again the best 10%
of the students were not having anything
like a 32-year low in Reading they were
better than ever the top
10% better than ever the top 10% are the
only ones will make any difference I
hate to tell you but the bottom 90% are
not inventing iPhones and you know
making
robots it's all the top 10% the top 10%
is better than it's ever been our top
10%
rocks they're really really good so then
here's the other thing that they left
out if you went to one of my local
schools which would be considered one of
the top schools in California my my
local school top probably top 20% or
something you know not not Elite or
anything like that but people move to
where I live specifically because the
schools have a good
reputation if you went into one of the
classes in any high school or any grade
school too what would look
different than it looked 32 years ago
well let me tell you there would be more
people in the class who don't speak
English then at any time in 32
years every class every class locally
has an unusually high number of
non-english speakers do you think they
should have mentioned that do you think
that it all changes your average yes
forget about IQ forget about training
forget about your background if you
can't speak the freaking language how's
your reading comprehension in English
going to be should be the lowest that's
ever been you can be in the lowest 10%
and you'll be worse than the old 10%
because the old 10% could at least read
English you not only are brand new but
you can't even read the language so if
you don't take out the recent
arrivals because that's not fair and and
you don't acknowledge that pretty much
every class at this point has a has a
good chunk that it never had
before that's a that's going to be
something anyway so anytime you see an
average of the entire group of American
children just know that that's probably
hiding something it's probably hiding
something all
right meanwhile According To Live
Science Chinese astronauts figured out
how to make rocket fuel uh and oxygen in
space using uh only artificial
photosynthesis so they can make oxygen
and they can make rocket fuel in space
and they did it in space so they don't
they're not wondering they they actually
have a ship that's circling uh orbiting
the Earth right now and they made some
artificial photosynthesis so that might
be valuable for some future moon or
martian base I remind you that if you
don't have your Dilbert calendar for 20
25 it's not too late you can get a 10%
discount for missing the month of mostly
January um but really it's a calendar
that's sort of like a book in calendar
form so the point of it is to read a
bunch of comics it's not about telling
you what day it is because you've got a
phone and you know what day it is but
some people like calendars so um you can
get that go to dilbert.com and you'll
see the link to buy that and you'll when
you get there it'll show you the
discount code when you check out you
won't see it till you check account but
it'll show you the discount code for
your 10% and if you do that you're going
to be so happy people seem to like the
calendar a lot all right and my book wi
bigley will teach you how to uh which is
in the second edition now on Amazon um
if you buy win bigley you will
understand the persuasion perspective of
President Trump and you'll learn how to
do it yourself it's easy so those are
the things I wanted to tell you I'm
going to say hi to the locals people
privately and then we're going to watch
some confirmation processes cash and
Tulsi see how that goes all right locals
coming at you privately if you're on
YouTube or X or Rumble thanks for
joining and I will see you same time
next time bye for
now
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for