bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum hey everybody come on in here I hope
you have your beverages ready because
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
now I don't know how many of you saw me
on Fox and Friends this morning but let
me tell you I never sleep sleep this
front of the week just kidding I went to
sleep early so I could get up early we
got a thousand people and that means
it's time for the simultaneous sip join
me will you hmm
that's good seven so yesterday let me
tell you a little bit about the process
of appearing on Fox and Friends which
isn't that different from appearing on
any other of the cable news shows so
yesterday afternoon my I get a text
message and I got an email and I get a
voicemail and I get a couple of incoming
phone calls all about the same time and
so I say to myself what's going on here
and of course it's just the Fox News
producers who are doing a good job of
contacting me and and they're always on
a sort of a compressed time schedule so
they make sure that they do get you so I
start checking my messages and it's Fox
and Friends producer asking me if I will
appear in the morning the very next day
which was this morning and my first
thought is I have to get up really early
for that but I asked them what the topic
was and it sounded like something fun so
I said yes
so I wake up at 2:30 this morning
because I like to get up and have my
take a shower and make sure I'm really
awake so that at 4 a.m. I can be on-site
in the studio that's closest to be now
as luck would have it there's a brand
new remote studio in my town so I didn't
have to go very far and traffic is easy
afford morning so at 4:00 in the morning
just me and the camera studio operator
who lets me in and you go in this tiny
little room where you've got a an image
behind you that makes you look like
you're someplace important but you're
not you're just in a tiny little room
and it's just a camera in front of you
there's an earpiece in your ear you're
sitting in a chair and that's it
there's some equipment in the room some
lights no makeup in my case and you're
usually there 15 minutes early or so and
you can listen to the show and you're
here and at some point the producers
come on and they do a sound test then
they ask you if you can hear et cetera
now when you do the interview you can't
see who is talking so you have to kind
of you know know who it is and maybe
recognize their voice but you're looking
into the camera but you're not seeing
anything but the camera they can see you
so it's something you have to get used
to you really have to get used to being
able to have a coherent conversation
without being able to see the people who
can see you but I'm used to that by now
so let me tell you about some of the
things I said on the interview in case
you missed it most of you probably
didn't I was talking about the fact that
whenever President Trump is accused of
something that's not a real crime they
bring out Carl Bernstein to say it's
worse than Watergate because they don't
have much else to say about it it's not
an actual crime so here are the ones
that we've seen so far so there's the
Russian collusion that both had didn't
happen and if it did it wouldn't be a
crime
there's the obstruction of justice that
didn't happen he did fire a Comey but
president can fire anybody he wants he
was working for him then there was the
Don Jr meeting which no information was
exchanged but if it had been it would
have been totally legal and then now we
have the the Kohen stormy situation
where the president is accused of doing
something totally legal in other words
when Cohen said in in public to the
court I guess that what he did was he
arranged the payments on behalf of and
under the direction of President Trump
CNN reported that as Cohen said that the
president committed a felony but that's
now what happened what Cohen did was
describe some actions that are totally
legal it's legal to coordinate with your
lawyer it's legal to pay your own money
for an NDA it's all legal
so CNN is literally reporting imaginary
news and if you watch if you watch the
next few days watch how people who are
the anti-trump side of the world watch
how they phrase the legal risk for the
president have you noticed that the
language is very careful now yeah
they're either talking about impeachment
because it's not a crime or they're
talking about things like well the
president he has he might be in some
legal risk give us an example
tell us what law got violated but you
won't hear that you'll hear more like
well if it's a crime there's a big
problem and if it turns out that it's
interpreted this way it's a big problem
probably not anyway so what I was saying
is that when you have this situation
where they're the part of the public
believes that the president has
committed for obvious major crimes
and from their point of view they can
see it
just as clear as day that they can see
crimes being committed
there's the collusion the obstruction
the Don Jr meeting that the coen
payments and they see that as clear as
day and then there are other people
let's say Alan Dershowitz view of the
world let's say the first view of the
world is the Carl Bernstein view in
which the president has done many things
that are worse than Watergate way worse
than Watergate and then there's the alan
dershowitz view that nothing happened
there were actions but all of the
actions are completely legal or they
didn't actually happen so if you're
trying to sort out which of those two is
the real one I always say the same thing
which is you can never really tell when
you're in it but if you make a
prediction based on your point of view
later you could look back and see if
your prediction made sense because if it
did make sense maybe your point of view
was right also so my prediction based on
my movie that I'm watching is that
there's no legal risk of anything we've
seen so far for the president so my
prediction would be no legal
consequences except you know endless
yammering and lawyers posturing and
stuff the people who have seen clear
crimes should predict and I believe they
are definite impeachment probable legal
problems and now we can just wait and
watch and see which of those two
worldviews is right but if you're trying
to sort of guess which one will be right
I recommend what I call the Bigfoot test
the Bigfoot test you could call it the
Sasquatch test but it's the same test
and it goes like this imagine two
hunters go off into the woods and when
they come back one of the hunters says
to you hey we just had a conversation
with Bigfoot we shook his hands we had a
conversation we were talking the big
foot and then the other hunter was
standing right there says what
we didn't do that we didn't we didn't
talk to anybody except each other there
was no big flood in the in the woods now
if that's all you know
you're the person listening to the two
hunters one says they had a conversation
with Bigfoot the other said we were
together the whole time and nothing like
that happened which one is telling the
truth well typically a hallucination is
a positive elucidation in other words
you're adding something to the
environment such as Bigfoot rarely do
you have a hallucination where you
subtract something from the environment
in other words it would be easy to
imagine that somebody saw something that
didn't exist that's routine but how
often does somebody say walk into your
house and say where's all your furniture
what happened to your furniture and you
say I don't know what you're talking
about my house is full of furniture and
then the person loosening says no no
it's a big empty room I mean you don't
have that kind of a hallucination
typically there may be some exceptions
but people don't subtract what they're
seeing sometimes they see what they see
and then they add a Bigfoot to it but
they rarely subtract the things that are
really there so if you have some people
who are looking at the you know the
alleged crimes of the President and they
see them and yet there are other people
looking at exactly the same evidence and
it's invisible there's nothing there
usually the one who sees Bigfoot is
hallucinating now there are no
guarantees right and analogies are
always imperfect but if you're trying to
if you didn't know anything else except
that qualified lawyers see nothing and
people who are also qualified lawyers
but they're you know let's say they're
anti-trump errs they do see something
and they keep seeing something time
after time after time when when other
people are saying
there's nothing there that Bigfoot you
see I'm standing right here I'm looking
where you're looking it's there's
nothing there generally the person who
doesn't see it is the one who's saying
and the person who does see it is a
little bit crazy now speaking of that
there's a very interesting let's call it
a sanity inversion happening I don't
think that's the right name but I
couldn't think of a better one and it
goes like this
the anti-trump errs would have you
believe that the following is true this
is there a worldview and I don't think
I'm going to be exaggerating when I say
this
so the anti-trump errs worldview is that
this president who is on camera and on
record and tweeting more than any
president any public figure ever has
that all of the times he's in public
he's acting rational and under control
but when we're not watching and and he's
off camera well then he's just crazy and
it's a darn good thing that we have all
these anonymous leakers and anonymous
sources third party people who don't who
don't say who they are I'm glad those
people are watching him when he's off
camera because apparently that's the
only time he's crazy
according to the anti-trump errs but the
anti-trump errs themselves and this is a
more recent thing have taken to becoming
crazy in public accusing the president
of treason that even people where
anti-trump errs are saying well that's a
little bit strong
you saw Philip Mudd seem to flip out in
front of you and again we're not we're
not doctors so when I say they look
crazy
I'm only saying that from the layman's
perspective it looks like there's
something wrong going on there you saw
Maxine Waters suggest that
Trump's guess the political people who
support Trump should be hounded in
public well a lot of people looked at
that and said that doesn't seem stable
these ideas don't seem like good good
mental health
again we're not experts so we can't
diagnose we're not in their heads but
the look of it is that the anti-trump
ORS are crazy in public but here's the
fun part they would have us believe that
when they're off-camera totally normal
because that's their version of the
world right that when they're not on
camera they're normal well when they are
on camera they seem crazy and they
believe in things like Bigfoot that
don't exist whereas they believe that
the president is totally normal when
we're watching oh sure he's a character
he's entertaining but it's all within
the normal realm of good mental health
but when we're not watching oh that's a
good thing those anonymous sources are
watching because that's what he goes
crazy now as you know I did have the
pleasure of visiting the White House and
having a brief conversation with the
president in a private setting and I
didn't see him being crazy it's very
disappointing I was expecting you know
hoping for a little bit of craziness
because the anti-trump errs tell me that
that's what happens when you when the
cameras are off but he seemed totally
sane and relaxed so that's our weird
world for the day so let's call that the
sanity inversion where Republicans are
only crazy when nobody's watching
but Democrats are crazy when when the
cameras are rolling but not in private
was he funny we we had a good time and
it was a light conversation so yes I
mean he's his personality is pretty much
like you and expect it to be
how long have you seen the world this
way well what I'm describing is four is
a fairly new event because I think the
longer we go and the president has good
results with the country you know the
economy etc the longer we go the more
crazy his opponents will get because I
don't know how they they reconcile that
everything that they've been thinking
for three years running is just wrong so
in order to reconcile the results they
say which are good with the predictions
they had which are doomed
they have to come up with a story that
makes that all make sense
so you're seeing people get increasingly
distraught because their their worldview
is just dissolving in front of them
what's this energy level like as it's as
good as you would think it would be yeah
his energy level is a plus why not just
update your worldview people rarely do
that when people are locked into an
opinion and they wrap their ego around
it's like everything take let's say take
Rosie O'Donnell do you think Rosie
O'Donnell could ever look at let's say
the president doing a good job and then
at the end of the term say you know god
I was I was totally wrong about all that
he did a good job wasn't expecting that
people don't do that people instead will
construct a story in which he didn't do
a good job or they'll say that someone
else could have done a better job or
that there are some
time bombs he's left that will certainly
go off and by the way I believe there
are now three types of laws the
president Trump has broken according to
his critics the first class of laws that
the president is broken are things that
don't exist they're actually not even
laws so there is no law about listening
some distant information or there's no
law against firing your employee there's
no law against pretty much anything he's
been accused of that's the first class
he's broken laws that don't exist
imaginary laws but there's also the
second class which are laws he's broken
that we haven't learned about yet so
they're pretty sure that there are
things we don't know anything about like
we don't even have a whiff of them but
there might be secret laws he's broken
rights that's the second class then the
third class of laws that the president
is breaking our future laws in other
words there are things he will do in the
future
that are gonna break those laws sure he
hasn't done it yet but we've been so
right for the last three years about
everything Trump
this is his critics I'm talking about
there surely they'll be right about this
and that any moment now he's gonna break
a law right in front of us so that's
three classes of laws the president is
breaking the imaginary laws that don't
actually exist the ones were pretty sure
he's broken but nobody's found out yet
you know if we can only get those tax
returns or if only mana for it would
flip we might find out about that the
secret laws he's he's he's violated and
then the future ones that of course a
person like president Trump would
certainly be violating laws in the
future or say his critics and so that's
three complete categories of law
breaking right there you can see why
they're so angry that's a lot of law
breaking imaginary laws and
once we've never heard of and ones that
haven't happened but that's three
categories of laws now I'm wondering
also if there's some kind of a Trump
derangement syndrome pique derangement
that's happening now pique well let me
put this in general sense in both
physics and in society things keep going
until there's something that stops them
right just a general statement about the
world things will keep going in the
direction they're going until there's
some counter force people sometimes call
it the slippery slope or whatever but
things keep going a direction if you're
talking about the opinions of the
anti-trump purse you should expect that
that opinion will keep going to worse
and worse opinions of the president
until there's something that stops it
and I would say that the only thing that
could stop it is the people within the
group say whoa wait a minute and not all
of them I'm talking about you know the
the people who sort of wake up soonest
that some of the people will start
saying um okay I think we went a little
too far until you see that you have not
reached peak Trump derangement syndrome
but I think we just saw that you saw
clapper say that Brennan's rhetoric
isn't helpful those two guys are sort of
joined at the hip and now one of them is
saying you know a little bit farther
than I'd go
so that's your sign that you may have
reached peak Trump of derangement
syndrome
likewise Bill Maher was interviewing
Preet Bharara I think I'm saying that
close to being correct and Bill Maher
used the treason word and Preet walked
him back a little bit saying okay I'm a
lawyer these mean very specific things
so again to anti-trump errs and one
walking back the other you saw Philip
Mudd seemingly have some kind of a weird
breakdown when he was talking to Paris
Denard on CNN I think it was and
although nobody was calling Philip Mudd
back to sanity you could see in the the
hosts face that his face was trying to
call him back if you haven't seen that
clip you have to watch I can't remember
the name of the host for the show but he
just has this look like oh god I hope
this stops pretty soon is this gonna go
on much longer or I hope it doesn't yes
so and then the subplot to that is that
Paris got fired for it was Jim sciutto
that I was talking about so Paris got
fired for allegations about something he
may have may or may not have done in the
past all right so I think that's peak
Trump derangement syndrome so you should
continue looking for people who are who
are anti jumpers who are checking other
anti Trump errs who have gone a little
too far that's how you know you're
you're past the envelope there because
if if Republicans say hey you guys are
going too far that means nothing they're
just going to keep going you need their
own side to start calling them back and
that's what we're seeing Andy Davis so
Lanny Davis said one of the funniest
things I've ever heard a lawyer say it
wasn't intentional and if you didn't
hear this it was hilarious so Lanny
Davis said that his client Michael Cohen
would never accept a pardon from
President Trump and I'm thinking to
myself if I ever have a lawyer who tells
the only person who can pardon me that
he doesn't want a pardon
I'm getting a new lawyer I'm getting a
new lawyer really quickly so I've got a
feeling that after that TV appearance I
don't know this right this is just
speculation I wonder what the next
conversation between lanny davis and
michael cohen sounded like i mean i
don't know but i'm imagining it sounded
a little like this um Lanny I was
watching you on TV and I believe you
said that I would not accept a pardon
which would greatly help my family and
my wife and of course me and Lanny said
no no no you know you know one you don't
want a pardon from that man he's a
monster
well Lanny maybe we should think about
this because I don't like Jail jail is
not good I don't want to go to jail and
Lanny says toughen up you don't want a
pardon from you don't want a pardon from
this monster and then Michael Cohen says
I would fire you if I were the person
paying you in the first place by the way
who is paying Lanny Lanny Davis do we
know that who who is paying him the DNC
that's just a guess I don't think we
know do we and I'm not sure that we
could know because that wouldn't be
necessarily public but my guess is that
Cowan is not paying because he Lanny
would be sort of a strange choice unless
there was somebody who was an anti-trump
er who's footing the bill well yeah they
they have a go fund me running but
something tells me that the go fund me
is is just a fig leaf for some
billionaire who's paying the bills
usually usually in a situation like this
you look over the billionaire there's
some billionaire who is probably at
least guaranteeing
that Lani will get paid you know maybe
the GoFundMe actually creates enough
money to pay him but I'm pretty sure
he's got a back-up plan for getting paid
you're making this up I think I said I
was making it up
oh the go fund me used to yes the go
fund me could be used to launder so the
billionaire could simply fund the go
fund me and then it just looks like the
public was backing him
so that's possible those are all
possibilities let's talk about dr. Shiva
so many of you saw my periscope
yesterday in which dr. Shiva ayyadurai
want to say his last name right who was
running as an independent for Senate
against Elizabeth Warren now one of the
things that came out of that was and I
want to I want to magnify this a little
bit because I like to point enough that
we should be thinking about it when
you're looking at it at voting for a
senator you're of course looking at
things like experience and competence
and do you like their policies and you
know are they in your party and you know
all the usual stuff but one of the
things that we typically don't look at
but I'm suggesting might be the single
most important thing we should look at
is what I'll call Congress's talent
stack so when I talk about a talent
stack for an individual I'm talking
about the the layers of different
talents they've managed to package
together to make them special and
effective Congress needs that too so
imagine if you will that Congress was
nothing but lawyers now there are a lot
of lawyers and I don't know what the
percentage is but imagine it's just
nothing but lawyers would that be good I
think that almost certainly would not be
because let me ask you this when was the
last time somebody said look what we
want to do is make something more
efficient and save money let's get a
lawyer when was the last time a lawyer
made something more efficient and found
a way to save money because that's the
opposite of what lawyers do they make
things complicated so that they can you
know milk them forever
so the instinct of a lawyer is exactly
the opposite of the instinct of a
government the government is trying to
save money and do well for the people
the lawyer is trying to just trying to
get fees and make things more
complicated I'm exaggerating and
obviously obviously once elected the
politicians are trying to do the best
thing for the public but they've got a
lot of training and you know sort of
loyally influence that there are always
sort of lawyers but when you saw the
Shiva this talent stack that included I
think he has something like five degrees
from MIT electrical engineering
mechanical engineering visual studies
medicine he's also now pretty much an
expert on politics he's an entrepreneur
who's built up you know multi-million
dollar companies and sold them so that
level of expertise is largely missing in
a congress that needs to make decisions
about stuff where all that stuff's kind
of important you'd want somebody who
understands you know the startups and
the healthcare complexities you want
somebody who who understands in social
media in order to deal with some of
these questions about bias etc so if
you're looking at staffing Congress one
question is is this person gonna
represent my state well and that matters
but you should also think of a higher
level which is you don't want your
Congress to be only a bunch of lawyers
I'm not saying they can't do the job I'm
saying that it would be like buying
you know investing all of your money in
one kind of stock you know you could say
well I have diversified I bought a whole
bunch of different oil companies well
that's not diversifying even though it's
a lot of different companies they're all
in the oil industry
no no investor would do that so we
should diversify our Congress in the
same way that we're diversifying our
portfolio you need somebody who can
explain this stuff to the other people
in Congress you need somebody who can
say look I've got five different fields
of expertise and you need all five of
them do you even make a little bit of
sense of health care to make a little
bit of sense of immigration of you know
trade policy of you know any of the big
issues so you know independent of how
good a candidate Chiva is that's a
talent stack that you really want in
Congress whether it's him or somebody
else you want those talents in Congress
and I don't think we have them you know
you know when you see somebody like
Zuckerberg and and I think you'll see
more of the tech people talking to
Congress you see all these old lawyer
types trying to understand these tech
companies and it's just a little bit
embarrassing you know some of them
actually do a great job and you know
thank goodness we have Rand Paul right
because at least he has a different
perspective you know he's got to use the
doctor it takes a things from a
scientific perspective but why don't we
get a real scientist in there or a real
engineer you know one of the things I
always say about China is that you know
you can dislike them on whatever level
you want to dislike them but one thing
that you have to respect is that their
government for the last you know number
of years has been really kind of awesome
in terms of effectiveness
now when I say awesome I mean doing a
good job for the Chinese people
you know it doesn't mean it's awesome
for us because you know we're a you know
a competitor in a sense but China
China's government although not elected
are generally merit-based engineers you
get a lot of engineers in the Chinese
government and I don't think it's an
accident that things are running well
you know relative to the size of their
challenge they've been extremely
effective so nobody can nobody insults
China for bad management
nobody does that and maybe we need more
engineers in our in our government as
well
all right Hoover was an engineer
interesting
um I just look at your comments now all
right is there anything you want to ask
me before I go all right looks like not
I think I'll sign off now and I will
talk to you all again later
bye for now