I do alright I'm back again
I forgot a topic I wanted to talk about
so we saw yesterday that the president
tweeted asking people's ideas about what
about having the North Korean peace
talks on the DMZ and you remember my
first reaction was no the DMZ is a
symbol of the war it's a symbol of
violence etc you should do it in
Switzerland because that sends a better
you know it's a better it's a better
visual persuasion better that a
conceptual persuasion but here's the
interesting thing let me ask you this
where would be the best place to have a
successful let's say a celebration of a
successful negotiation where would be
the best place in the world to celebrate
the end of the negotiations that the you
know the actual yeah we're done we got
it yeah that would be the DMZ now think
about this if you did not have total
confidence that you were gonna get to a
real deal that we could be happy with
would you float the idea of doing it in
the DMZ think about it if you want it so
here's your here's an example of the
persuasion filter predicting the future
in my opinion president Trump would
never float the idea of the DMZ being in
the mix unless the deal was already done
so I don't think he's operating just on
confidence that the deal will be done I
think the deals done now that doesn't
mean the details but I think the the
broad strokes of are they denuclearizing
and are we going to get to something
that every
he's happy with I think we already have
our answer now again I could be wrong so
I put these out here as predictions my
prediction is that the DMZ I'm gonna I'm
gonna move it from I know that's a
terrible idea
to best idea ever best idea ever under
the condition that the president already
knows that we're gonna get get to the
endpoint see I don't think president
Trump is gonna show up to negotiate
right if anybody thinks that President
Trump is going to start negotiating when
he shows up to the meeting then you
probably haven't been paying attention
you know the negotiations are probably
closer to done than starting the
president's gonna go there to celebrate
the completion and if you're going to
celebrate the completion of a deal you
don't want to do that in Switzerland so
here's why it's taking so long to figure
out where we're doing it because it
depends if we're talking or celebrating
and you don't make that decision because
you're still talking and you don't know
you don't know are we done are we are we
still talking are we talking about the
celebration or are we talking about the
negotiations so my prediction to you is
that the fact that the president even
floated the idea to the public hey do
you think we should have this meeting at
the DMZ wink wink
that's all for today