good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization you
probably wondered where it was it's here
it's the best day of your life and it's
going to get better if you'd like to
take this experience up to a level that
nobody can even explain with human words
all you need is a cuper mug or glass a t
your chalis a canteen joer flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
it's the dopamine h of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous sip it happens now
go it has been
culated well I have a
feeling something big is about to
happen does anybody else feel it do you
know how you just sort of feel
something's Brewing the last time I said
that was right before October 7th some
of you might remember I just like felt
like some big thing was brewing but I'm
having that same Feeling
Again doesn't mean it's bad oh I'm not
I'm not going to say it's bad it could
be a a new invention you know
breakthrough could be a peace deal could
be anything I feel like something big is
about to happen we'll talk about
that uh so condolences to the Trump
family because Donald Trump's oldest
sister Maryanne has passed away at age
86 I guess she was a judge for a many
years didn't hear about her much and I
had her a little confused with Mary
Trump who was the niece but he had a
sister who was
Maryanne and uh
she was the good one I guess the the
niece is the one who was a problem
writing the anti-trump books but she
passed away at 86 why is this important
well uh so Donald Trump is
77 and his sister died at
86 he would go into office at if he won
at
78 and he would complete
at 72 I'm sorry
82 do you feel and then given that women
have a longer life
expectancy does it give you any pause
about Trump's
age you should that's exactly what
should and and this is exactly the
reason that um I endorsed
vake because as much as I like many
things about you know Trump he is a
troublemaker I mean he he is an
expensive president because he gets
people all riled up but that's probably
going to happen with any Republican so
I'm not sure you can hold that against
them uh but he's really knocking on the
Actuarial door by the end of a 4-year
run
and did did I or did I not warn the
world that Biden would be too old by the
end of his even first term did I not
tell everybody did I not say that loudly
and clearly and often too old too old
too old and now here we are the entire
world says too
old how is that going to be different
for Trump honestly I mean if you if you
let your bias down just a
moment do you really want the guy in his
early 80s to be
president now to be fair he does look
like he's
100% I I don't think he's lost his step
in fact he looks you maybe refreshed
from when he was in office so he doesn't
show any signs of it in my opinion I
guess he's used he's uh called Biden
Obama a few times when he's talking
about
him but doesn't everybody do
that do you know anybody who is not
called somebody Obama
accidentally haven't I done that haven't
I done that on this I I think I've done
it on this live stream I'll bet I've
said Obama when I met some other
president at least once
but there's nothing unusual about that
that's not really a sign of age I
wouldn't say you know it just feels like
a natural mistake anyway um it's
certainly a wakeup call about age and
not taking it seriously got us where we
are you get that right not taking age
seriously God is where we are do you
want to do it again so that's that's the
vague question the vague question is you
knew knew you made a mistake last time
the country not you specifically you
know you made a mistake last time you
elected somebody who was just simply too
old you want to do it
again I know we're adding that
way
um we all wonder how AI will
handle uh
troubling you know sensitive topics
anything in the woke category you wonder
how it's going to handle it and I was
asking
um the Amazon digital assistant which is
has some kind of an AI engine now cuz
remember when I don't want to use the
the word for it but you know the the
digital assistant from Amazon that sits
on your desk if you have that if you
have one um so I asked it is IQ
hereditary because I knew that would be
a sensitive topic and I didn't know if
it would give me the actual answer or if
it would dance around it a little bit
but the answer was that IQ is 40 to 80%
hereditary does that sound true to you
and then I checked the I checked uh the
internet and that does seem to be the
estimate the science is giving us 40 to
80%
hereditary
now are they doing a little weasel thing
with
us because hereditary is different from
genetic isn't
it and if and if you weren't careful
with your language
you would think that they were the
same for example two siblings could have
even a different according to 23 and me
they could have a different ethnic mix
you know your your sibling could have a
little more you know of German than you
have you know maybe you've got a little
more Neanderthal or something so we know
that two children from the same parents
could have a little different mix but
once you're
born you have what you have
do you think it changes after you're
born and how
much well here's what I
think um I think that the answer that IQ
is 40 to 80% hereditary is a uh socially
acceptable way to present the science
but also
misleading it's socially acceptable
because it would say everybody could be
smart and you could even be born in a
bad situation but you know educate
yourself up to a real useful level and
and that's a good message for society if
you're trying to keep Society cohesive
Melting Pot and all that stuff that's a
good take but is that compatible with
the fact that what you're born with is
what you're born with because that's
sort of different right you could have
two siblings where one was just born
smarter than the other one doesn't that
happen all the
time and you know but you know smarter
according to one very specific measure
of intelligence which does not measure
artistic intelligence uh kinesthetic
intelligence um all kinds of different
intelligences but it but it gets one one
narrow type so here's what I think I do
believe your environment can lower your
uh your natural IQ in other words if
someone someone is Born and Raised by
wolves and then you give them an IQ test
they're going to not do so well if
someone is raised in a well-off family
with two teachers for parents and they
raise them to go to a IV League school
well then the environment is doing the
best they can maybe even would raise
your perceived IQ but I'll tell you my
observation my observation is this my
useful IQ which is a term I'm making up
so this doesn't exist anywhere else my
my practical IQ the part that gets me to
navigate the world is determined much by
what I was born with but probably as
much by my talent stack so I've told you
this before if if it appears to people
who have been watching me for a while
that I have clear views on some topics
it's because of the specific background
training I have for example if you want
to understand what people will do in any
given situation a good thing to know
would be persuasion so if you have if
you're an expert in Persuasion you're
going to see people and their
motivations a little more clearly would
that seem like you had an higher IQ in
in a practical sense it would because
you could be talking to someone who's
much smarter but if they don't have that
understanding it' be different
so now suppose you added to that the
understanding of
economics if you had this understanding
of Economics then you also have the
follow of the money predictive power
it's like wait persuasion is
predictive but following the interests
of money is predictive too so what if
you only had one of those things suppose
you knew economics but you didn't know
persuasion well you wouldn't see Trump
coming you wouldn't have known that
Trump was a bigger Force than you
thought if you only knew economics so
when you add economics and
persuasion suddenly you're seeing things
more clearly in in a practical sense you
have a higher functional IQ because you
can navigate your world more accurately
and predict better now suppose you add
on top of that business skill like
business models knowing how to build a
business that's different than economics
economics is more the theoretical if you
knew business models then you could also
have another way to predict because a
good business model will beat a bad
business model so that's another
predictive uh Vector now if you add on
top of that that you've been following
the news since you were little as I have
you've got that extra thing where you've
seen you know more history more examples
more patterns and then you add all those
together you know persuasion economics
business models and you've been
following the news now I would argue
that anybody who had that stack of
talent would be able to predict and and
even analyze better than some who didn't
have it is that IQ well probably not I
mean if I took an IQ test I doubt it
would be any different than you know
when I was 20 and I took it the first
time um but it but my ability to
function in the world is maybe a 100
times better it's not even close so I
would say that I you don't want to make
too much of
IQ but you're definitely born with you
know your working base and then there's
a whole bunch you can do with it you can
make it worse or better depending on how
much you watch now I would even extend
that to watching the news and I say this
about uh Democrats all the time the the
weird nature of the fact that Democrats
believe they're seeing the real news you
know the mainstream news and therefore
they would not waste their time to look
at the alternative views on the
right makes them functionally lower
iqq they don't have bad genes I'm not
saying that nothing about the genes and
there's nothing about even their
education system they may have actually
been educated just fine but if when
you're done with all that and the only
thing you're looking at is one View and
you're simply locked down at the other
view you would be functionally dumber
than somebody who had similar
capabilities but just had access to both
both left and right and that's what I
to me it looks like Democrats are
functionally lower IQ but not because of
their genes and not because their
educational attainment only because
their talent stack has not extended to
seeing the other stuff now that's not
because the people on the right are
wiser and are more interested in seeing
the whole picture nothing like that
people are pretty similar but the people
on the right are forced to encounter
the mainstream narrative they don't have
a choice it's everywhere and then they
see their own their own set of
information and they can compare it and
maybe triangulate and say well that
looks like BS on our side this time and
it looks like BS on their side this time
or it looks like half of us you know
it's half BS on both sides that sort of
thing but it's not close but if you
watch both sides it does make one side
look functionally like a lower IQ even
though there's nothing wrong with with
them other than access to
information all
right um there's a new device by a
company called Humane it's called a
wearable pin so it's a little uh thing
you literally pin to your shirt or your
jacket by your
breastplate and it's sort of alive and
AI all the time now it's not listening
all the time they're very careful to say
it's not you know it's not alive all the
time you have to tap it
so it's more like a Star Trek
Communicator thing it's on your chest
you you tap it once to wake it up and
then you can just tell it what to do so
I guess it has a camera and it can see
your environment you could tell it um
hey can I get this can of soup cheaper
somewhere else and it will look at the
can of soup maybe maybe scan it tell you
there's another place to get it so
basically let it be like your little
buddy that's always just giving you good
advice everywhere you go go but it also
has this little projector in it so you
can hold your your bare hand in front of
it and it projects on the prom of your
hand uh information you could
read and that's pretty cool
now I told you a while ago and first of
all don't don't take any investment
advice from me that's not what I do so
I'm going to I'm going to mention an
investment but it's not a
recommendation it's just by way of
explaining my point of view I sold all
of my Apple stock recently and it was
because of
AI now
probably probably uh Apple will do a
great job on AI they have tremendous
resources they're putting toward it
right now eventually you would expect to
have a whole different product in your
hand and apple being apple is likely to
have you know the best people working on
it and really come up with a good
productized thing
likely however what they did lose is
their
Monopoly and the reason I the reason I
invested in them is their their MO was
so large that they could just print
money forever and nobody could compete
with them so I was I was investing in
them like a monopoly not like a company
that's just doing a good job as soon as
AI became a thing that it was obvious
it's going to start to dominate uh Apple
lost its
Monopoly in the sense that it will lose
its Monopoly it hasn't yet but it's
obvious that it will there'll be some
other mechanism to communicate and do
all those app things so if the app
concept goes away so does the iPhone
Advantage
completely and I think that's what AI
will give us some kind of device that
you can do all the things an app can do
without an app you just talk to it and
that's that's the
ultimate the ultimate app is just the
one you talk to and it can do anything
you want
all right so that's on the way I don't
know that this specific wearable pin
will be a home run or anything I don't
feel
it here's the difference when
smartphones first came out and you
started hearing about them uh I don't
know if any of you had this experience
but I had an irrational lust for that
product even when it was terrible like
in its infancy it really was a piece of
crap you know the very first smart phone
but why did I want it like in in a way I
could really feel like the lust for a
product which is unusual I don't have
many product impulses at all but when I
look at this wearable pin I have an
intellectual reaction to it it's like oh
that's a Innovative and and interesting
way to go and I can see how it would
have some advantages but I don't feel it
does anybody feel it do you feel it the
way you felt felt when you knew there
was such a thing as a smartphone for the
first time when you heard there was a
smartphone you wanted it didn't
you all right not we're all different so
a lot of you said no well eventually you
wanted it most of
you all right there's a uh
neuroendocrinology
researcher named Robert supulski who
wrote a book and he's been giving some
interviews and he's talking about free
will uh
not
existing now if you were going
to ask somebody does Free Will exist
who's the best person to ask well I
would be looking for a
neuroendocrinology researcher because
you'd have to know the neuro part you
know the brain part but you would also
need to know the Endocrinology part the
chemistry you know CU your your
cognition is some weird Frankenstein
monster of brain action and and
chemistry so if you'd have to know both
so he knows both and he's looked at it
forever and he says basically uh your
human actions are determined by
neurobiology hormones childhood and life
circumstances and there's no such thing
as free will in any in any practical
sense there's no such thing so he's the
expert now who told you there was no
free will decades before
the person who is the expert told you I
did I've been telling you forever and do
you know why I knew it before this
expert who studied for decades to come
up with the same
answer because it's
obvious I knew it because it's obvious
because the laws of physics do not stop
at the outside of your skull obviously
the laws of physics apply inside your
head as well as outside so whatever your
brain is doing is the same thing your
lawnmower is doing just more complic at
the lawnmower doesn't have a choice of
turning into a toaster and and walking
away it can only do what a lawnmower can
do that's it you pull the cord it starts
if all the if if it's
functional same with you so it was
always obvious but since we resist it so
much as humans and the reason we resist
it and there's somebody who's going to
say this in the comments right now I
mean I don't have to read them to know
I'm waiting for it if we didn't have
free will then you shouldn't be
punishing people for crimes right and
then the whole system falls apart
because we all turn into animals is
anybody thinking that that the moment
you allow yourself to think there's no
free will well I guess you can't punish
people I guess guess there's no laws
guess there's no jail do you know why
that's
stupid this isn't a matter of opinion
that would just be stupid do you know
why that's a stupid idea because there's
no free will
[Laughter]
let's get back to the basics do you know
why there is jail and there is
punishment and you do think that you
need them because you don't have free
will you don't I don't you you could
believe you do have free will and you'd
still have jail or you could believe
there's no such thing as free will and
youd still have jail do you know why I
know that because I don't believe in
free will but I certainly believe in
jail right and so do pretty much
everybody who does doesn't believe in
free will do you think Sam Harris who
also doesn't believe in free will do you
think he's opposed to jail I don't think
so yeah no you don't have any risk at
all the things will be exactly the way
they are now whether you think it's free
will or not because you don't have free
will and that should be
obvious but it
isn't all right so nothing will change
whether you have free will or not I saw
a video from ABC news featuring Jenna
Ellis who had been one of Trump's
attorneys and she had a story to tell
that uh will make Democrats cheer and
Republicans say
uhoh
now to understand the story it really
really matters the exact wording and it
really really matters who was talking to
whom and it really really matters where
they were in the context of where they
were talking
right so know that all of that matters a
lot in what I'm going to tell you and we
might not know all of those
nuances so I'll tell it as best I can in
the version that would make Democrats
happy and then I'll tell you what I
think is really happening but I don't
know okay so the version that would make
Democrats happy if I were to explain in
my own words what I think Jenna ell said
on the video it would be something like
this that Dan
scavino um who was very close to Trump
and I think he was working at the time
as the uh
Deputy uh what do you call it the Deputy
Chief of Staff or something I think that
was his role at the time so scavino has
always been really close to Trump
because before that he handled his
social media and Trump was always
tweeting so he he would have scavino
like sitting right next to him about
half of the day I think I mean scavino
was there all the time because you know
he was the one connecting him to the
social media world but anyway the claim
is that um that Jenna said something
like uh the the path to challenge the
2020 election so this was at the I
believe it was at some kind of a
Christmas event for Trump supporters so
remember this it's a Christmas event for
Trump supporters but give me a fact
check on that if somebody I I think I
heard that now if it's a if it's a
Christmas event what would you expect to
also be true at that
event alcohol would you expect that
alcohol was involved in any kind of a
Christmas party I would assume so
alcohol all right so we don't know if
alcohol has anything to do with the
story but we also don't we don't know
that it
doesn't right so just keep in your mind
it it's an event where alcohol was
probably
present right that's important but we
don't know if it had anything to do with
it it just probably was
present so the claim is that uh when
Jenna had basically the the path to
challenging the election in 2020 is
complete there's just sort of Nothing
Left you know we've we've uh burnt up
all of our challenges so it's it's time
to move
on uh and Dan scavino allegedly said
something
like the boss meaning Trump everybody
would understand him to be the boss um
is not going to leave under any
circumstance now do you hear the
Democrats challenging uh like cheering
what we got him we got him we we have
the Smoking Gun we have we have Trump
admitting that he's not going to leave
under any
circumstance we got him
do
you how do you hear
that how do you hear that here's what I
hear
hearsay it's
hearsay so what Jenna
Ellis hears Dan scavino say about what
Trump thinks or said is not exactly the
evidence that you want in a
courtroom what you want is Trump saying
it or you know some Doc recording it
that would be the best you know
something that recorded his thoughts in
real time at the time but we don't have
that I think everybody agrees there's
nothing recorded or nothing written
along these lines second you'd want to
get directly from Dan scavino Dan did
you actually say that yes or no and if
you did say it was that actually in your
opinion an accurate representation of
what the boss
said what do you think he'd say under
oath do you think he would say yeah I
did say that to Jen Ellis because Trump
said under no circumstances he going to
leave he's just going to take over the
country do you think he would say that
is that
likely here's what I think he would
say that was an accurate statement of uh
what he was saying but I don't know what
he was
thinking so it could have been simply a
statement that he was going to fight in
every way he could fight but not
literally staying in office once there
was nothing left to fight
about now what happened in reality the
reality was that when you know the the
vote got certified as it was going to do
he packed up and he
left is there any is there anybody who
said no no you know we even though we
were packing the boxes he stayed in the
office and and we had to drag him out
nobody said
that so so the facts on the ground
suggest that he did not plan to stay
there no matter what because when no
matter what came he just peacefully
packed up and
left so do you think Dan do you think
the Jenna Ellis take at a party with
alcohol where people are going to say
things that you say after a few drinks
he's not going anywhere the boss says
he's never
doesn't that sound like drunk talk to
you and do you think that they could
find anything else that would back up
the drunk talk I don't know if it's
drunk talk by the way I'm I'm just
speculating that it was a party where
alcohol was involved it sounds exactly
like something you say with a drink in
your hand that's exactly not what you do
in the real world that's how it comes
across but of course everybody will
interpret it their own
way um all right here's what I think
might be a big
change um Trump went hard on true social
today saying that the prosecutors and
judges the people trying to take him out
uh are suffering from extreme Trump
derangement syndrome now I'm pretty sure
he's used the term
before right Trump has used TDS and
Trump derangement syndrome
but if this shifts a major a major uh
let's say shift in messaging I think it
would be a smart one CU I've been saying
for a while that the the kill shot is
for him to put together the Trump
derangement uh
argument the Trump derangement argument
is all the
hoaxes so what Trump's campaign team
needs is a nice clean short go through
the hoaxes here's what they said here's
how they did the hoax really quick yeah
cuz cuz you don't want to do one hoax
that that would take too long and people
are going to be bored by it you want to
hit like every hoax in like 10 seconds
they claimed he said this this is what
he actually said that they didn't show
you they claimed he said this here's
what he actually did they claimed he
overfed the the koi fish here's uh AB
doing the same thing right so you could
do almost every one of them in 5 seconds
5 seconds for the claim 5 seconds for
the debunk imagine you got to the 20th
thing on the list and there are
20 like there are
20 how how would you feel if you were
you know somebody on the other side you
would start to understand it as
derangement syndrome and do you remember
they said that when he became president
he would turn into
Hitler when did that
happen was was it when he peacefully
packed up his boxes and
lost like where where was the Hitler
part the the entire Hitler part is based
on the one hoax that the the so-called
Insurrection of January 6 had any
intention or ability to take over the
United States there was neither the
intention of you know 98% of the people
or or the ability there was never the
ability and nobody even bought the
resources nobody even brought any
resources that would be appropriate to
that job you know yes they had some
clubs yes they had some bears spray
nobody overthrows a a country with those
things they didn't even bring tools to
do it I there are tools yeah
insurrections have actual tools weapons
for
example so yeah I think that Trump could
go directly after Trump derangement
syndrome and make them defend the
hoaxes actually make them talk about the
hoaxes even if they're saying no no this
one was true make them talk about it
force them into that argument because
they can't win the Trump derangement
syndrome argument it's it's so well
documented I mean the at this point
science agrees with him completely right
science recognizes there is in facted
derangement syndrome it's not it's not
imaginary it's not political it's
actually medical and it matters it does
matter uh governor of New York says
they're going to do a bunch of new
online surveillance looking for all the
anti-semitic hate online this would be
in New York
um so does that scare
you so they're going to look for the
anti-semitic people uh who are on the
right or the
left
interestingly I don't know every time
they do surveillance it seems scary but
it's going to happen it's going to
happen no matter what I mean it's legal
to it's legal to look at public St
statements you know if you're posting on
X it's legal for them to look at it and
get an idea of what's going on so I
don't know how worried to be about that
but every time you are um I wouldn't
call it privacy because I think it's
what you're doing in public but uh
certainly certainly you got to watch for
it like be alert about these
things all right uh protesters have uh
around the New York Times building and
they're saying shut it down meaning the
New York Times I guess and uh these are
pro Palestinian some would say
anti-israel uh
protesters
now I would say that the easiest
prediction anybody ever made and I don't
take credit for this one you know I made
it too but I think every one of you made
the same prediction it goes like
this if on the left you have a oppressor
oppressed
mindset where does that end up
there's only one way that can go you you
run out of enemies and you start eating
your
own
right if that's your model that the
world is oppressor and oppressed you
have to go after your own people
eventually CU they're a little bit
different from you and maybe some of
them have a little more power than you
do and so as soon as you have that
oppressor oppressed mindset you eat your
own and so now the New York Times is
surrounded by its own and they're trying
to eat
them um I laid that cognitive dissonance
trap I already talked about in which I
was uh cheeky suggesting you make your
uh your family mad at you on
Thanksgiving never a good idea so I hope
you took that as not serious but uh the
idea was would be if you have some uh
Democrat
relatives uh you could ask them uh some
questions anyway they would trap them
into cognitive distance but the uh I
don't want to talk about the topic again
just the reaction to it the people who
fell into cognitive dissonance just
reading my
post responded that I didn't know what
the definition of cognitive dissonance
was does that sound like something that
might be
true do you think I've written three
books on it in which it's like a major
component of three books talk about it
continuously L even with doctors and
experts and that I don't know what the
definition is but that's that is
cognitive dissonance then other people
dismissed me as a
Cartoonist as if that had anything to do
with the
point so those are both cognitive
distance yeah so look for look for
people um so here's the point a good
tell for cognitive distance is somebody
has to change the definition of a word
to something you've never heard before
you'll see that one a lot by the way
they'll just change the word to some
weird
definition to allow them to maintain
their original point of view all right
uh president she come to San Francisco
which you you all know was amazingly
surprisingly immediately cleaned up as
soon as president X was going to visit
which makes all the smart people say why
couldn't you do that before of course
they could but they haven't told us
where they put those Street people cuz I
feel like they're coming back if you
think San Francisco is cleaned up I
don't think so I think they'll just
release all those people and they'll
wander back to where they were won't
they why won't they tell us where they
are have you noticed an insane amount of
lack of curiosity about where all those
Treet people
went they're very uncurious
how many were there have you heard the
numbers so if we had a real press you
would know the number of people roughly
that they took off the street you would
know where they are and what they're
doing with them and you would know if
the plan is to allow them to come
back right if if we had a real press
those would be simple questions to ask
and simple to answer because obviously
the people who moved them know where
they are and it's not going to be a
secret right so this is one of those
cases where you can see that you don't
have a press I you don't have anything
not even you don't even have
like the illusion of a
press this is not even trying to give
you the illusion that there's any like
useful news the most important part of
the story where the hell are
they is left out of the story and you
don't even see any curiosity about it
except by the poor people who can't find
out where it is now there might be some
news on it but it doesn't it hasn't hit
the kind of national level yet
all right um so the the thinking is that
there might be some kind of a new
agreement from China about cracking down
on fentanyl because uh the precursors
come from Chinese companies and of
course we've asked them before and
they've said it before that they do it
but here's what uh I think was a big
negotiating mistake for Biden and I
asked the following question would Trump
have made the following mistake
so Biden and maybe he didn't order it
but you have to assume the Democrats
were on the same page when Democrats
cleaned up the street people in San
Francisco many of them were there
because of
fenel where he's going to negotiate with
President XI about the effects of fenel
on the United States was that the most
dumb thing everybody anybody ever
did let me tell you how I think Trump
would have handled this I think he would
have been in the car with she and he
would have taken him right through the
homeless people that he left there
intentionally and he would said and he
said you see
this that's because of
you and we know
that every one of these people in the
fenel that's because of you personally
it's not about anybody else it's about
you and you know what else we're not
going to stand for it so whatever else
we're going to negotiate about and
whatever else we're going to talk about
you're going to fix
this and if you don't everything else is
off the
table this is not one of the things we
negotiate president sh this is your
ticket to negotiate we're going to close
your Embassy if you don't shut
this down in an hour I need you to make
a phone call right now now you need to
shut it down before we start negotiating
this is not a negotiation this is the
ticket to the negotiation you do this
first it's not part of the
negotiation because if you if you do
this we're going to respond as strong
and you're not going to like
it don't ask what I'm going to do you're
not going to like
it then I would cancel Tick Tock wall
him in the car just so we knew I was
serious
I'd basically make a call and say all
right Congress this is a
commander-in Chief's decision shut down
Tick Tock by this
afternoon commander-in-chief no argument
this is this is not about Congress this
is not about a legislation
commander-in-chief I'm making the call
and you could take it to the Supreme
Court go ahead but it's going to be shut
down while you're
arguing now I think some version of that
is how is how Trump wouldn't handle it
here's how Biden handled it he cleaned
up the city so when she pulls up and
Biden says but about this fentanyl she
is going to say say to himself and
accurately doesn't seem too important to
you looks like you took care of it
pretty easily just cleaned it right up
there doesn't look like it was a problem
at
all so how seriously am I going to take
it so I I think cleaning up the street
people was the biggest negotiating
mistake in the world because there's no
way the she knows how serious we are
about this he cannot know how deadly
serious we are about fenel and he also
doesn't know there's something about the
American
character which is we will we will
bend it will
bend and
Bend until we
don't and you're not going to see the
point where we stop
bending until you're really really going
to regret it that's that's the
American character we'd like to be
flexible we like to work things out but
once we know it's not going to work out
you're
 just know
that
right um
uh so here there's an argument for Tik
Tock that it's free speech you've heard
the argument uh V says it I think no no
V says we should just use it um but
there's a free speech argument I think
Thomas Massie makes it here's what's
wrong with that
argument the Free Speech argument for
Tik Tock is word thinking it's not
thinking as in reason and logic and
facts it's word thinking in other words
you're you're making a decision based on
the definition of a word and that's not
a thinking so if you say Tik Tok is Free
Speech then you're already done with the
thinking but there wasn't any you just
said definition Free Speech Tik Tok Free
Speech okay Free Speech carries all the
qualities of protection so we're done
with the
conversation right that is not logical
that is not reasonable and that is well
below the Thomas Massie level of
intellectual um
investigation here's what would be more
accurate if you can detach yourself from
the definitional way of thinking you'd
say to yourself all right definitions
aside what is this what's happening and
you would say well okay there is
definitely a free speech element to the
conversation no doubt about it but is
that all no it's not model it is a
military
weapon that if China has not yet used it
in a military way and it feels like they
are they probably are they certainly
could they just have to push one button
literally one button and it's actually
labeled heat and Tik Tok has told us
this they can make anything Trend by
pushing one button called heat so the
Chinese of course have control over
Chinese companies they can make them
push that button on any topic they want
have they already pushed it on the
question of the the Palestinians and the
Israeli situation in Hamas
probably it looks like it so if you say
to yourself This is a uh Homeland
defense
question that has a free speech element
to it you can get to the correct
decision because now you've considered
the entire universe the the safety the
free speech and you said okay given both
of those Balance you know those two uh
competing things given that we have
americanmade products that could do the
same thing you know could get you the
same level of free speech Etc you should
treat it more as a military threat or a
threat to the cohesion of the society
which would be a military problem
because we'd fall
apart now this is rare that I would
disagree with Thomas Massie on on a
logic
question and and I get that he's
being um pure to the
Constitution but the mistake is to say
it's a free speech question and then be
done with it it is free speech it's also
a military question and the military
always overrides free speech would you
agree with that statement a military
necessity should if you're being smart
override Free Speech now it's dangerous
is dangerous cuz then somebody can say
it's a military necessity well in the
time of War do you think all the so
soldiers get to tell you what they're
doing let me ask you more specifically
uh in a hot
War should the soldiers in the field
have their smartphone because they've
got free speech remember and should they
be able to call the New York Times and
tell them what battle they're in and
what they plan next with their free
speech no there's not a single person
who thinks that a soldier has free
speech during a battle
why we love Free Speech why don't you
like
it there's some people saying yes the
soldiers should tell you where their
troops are
seriously really this is the really test
give me give me a moment I got to do the
really test really you think the soldier
in a battle should be able to tell the
other side what they're doing really
yeah no you don't believe that
so let's take it out of the Free Speech
realm because it while it is free speech
there's a far bigger question there and
we're getting that question wrong that's
what word thinking gets you there's a
new poll that found that 90% of women
find bald men attractive they did not
ask do you find bald men who wear
corrective lenses especially attractive
I think the answer is obviously yes um
but they're saying that the women like
and gave some examples so uh Prince
William uh they like him despite his
shaved head and Vin Diesel and uh name
some others and uh I'm not going to
doubt science or doubt to such a
well-made and constructed survey
but I have to ask myself this
question do women like bald men who
don't have power and money or is only
the bald men who are really rich and
Powerful cuz I feel like if they only
like the bald men who are rich and
Powerful it might not be about the hair
exactly just putting that out there yeah
the rock do they like the
rock would they like him if he were were
not successful and didn't have muscles
like hell yeah they like Jeff Bezos
yeah um i s there was some uh
relationship person on uh Instagram who
was saying that uh men pick based on
looks because men men are just tuned to
looks but looks are not if if you think
about it uh looks are highly correlated
with health and if the men are looking
for a health um
signal attractiveness is a pretty good
health signal so that makes sense from a
biological evolutionary perspective but
but uh then women pig men the this was
one person's uh take on it um based on
how men interact with his
environment they they say the most
important thing is how they interact
with their environment and specifically
how their environment interacts with
them so the the the belief here is that
if a woman starts to date a guy and then
she notices the way the guy's
friends sort of react to him and do what
he wants and you know kind of listen to
him and stuff and and maybe even other
women you know want to be around him and
maybe he can you know make things happen
in the business world or he has some
influence in politics or something so so
the more a man can control his
environment to to suit his preferences
the more attractive he is and that
sounds right to me because that gives
you more than just um the rich people
cuz there are non-rich you know cult
leaders and stuff like that that just
seem to be able to influence their
environment and that makes them
attractive Trump should shave his
head I've been saying it for a while you
know I said it before the first election
in 2016 if he shaved his head he'd win
easily although he might he might look
more scary actually might might make him
look scarier so you know you'd have a
skin head problem then yeah maybe
not all right uh raspon says that in a
two-way contest according to polls in a
two-way contest uh that uh Biden and
Trump would be uh pretty close
uh Trump would get uh let's say Donald
Trump would get 46% of likely voters and
Biden would get I'm sorry opposite 46
would be for B and 42 for Trump now
that's with the general vote so if you
look at just the overall vote which is
not what makes a president the swing
votes are the only ones that matter in
our system but the overall vote would
put uh Biden above Trump right now
that's tell not telling you who wins
that that just tells you the overall
vote but that reverses if you throw uh
RFK Jr into the mix and he is in the mix
so in a three-way
election um Kenedy would get 12% of the
vote and Trump would beat Biden in the
popular vote by one percentage
point now imagine if Trump won the
popular vote you know in a three-way
race that would be a hell of an argument
wouldn't it because if he loses the
popular vote but wins in in the
Electoral College it never looks legitim
to the team that lost they kind of need
to win you need the president to win
both the popular and the Electoral
College to feel completely
legitimate and he might do it there
there's there's a path there so we'll
see
um but let's look a little bit more
about that uh you saw the other day van
Jones was on CNN and uh there was a
stunning poll that said uh that Trump
would win over Biden with black men by
three
points let me say that again current
polling
suggests that Trump would win the black
male vote if they held the election
today stunning is
right
now do you know anybody who predicted
this
outcome and did any predict this
outcome I did in
2016 yeah I predicted that he would
someday win the black vote now at the
same time I was I was predicting that
the Democrats would become more the the
female vote of all females and the
Republicans would be the male vote of
all males so if you put those two
predictions together I predicted that
black men would start to favor Trump
over
time
is that is that one of the craziest best
predictions you've ever seen in your
life do you know what people said in
2016 when I said that absolutely
crazy here we
are if you put together the number of
things I've predicted that are actually
crazy that are current reality it's a
pretty weird surprising list but that's
near the
top how many of you thought that was
going to happen
Scott has major white guilt EJ Karen
says Scott has major white
guilt you may have missed the last nine
months my critics have taken a a weird
characteristic they don't know anything
about me you need to do a little bit of
research before coming at me you got to
do better than white guilt cuz if there
if there were a poster child for the
person who is cured of any white guilt
that would be me I would be on the
poster of people who don't have
it all right so maybe you need to catch
up you're about nine months
behind
um
so um Israel owns the sky here's another
thing I was telling you was probably
true that uh you know I was saying that
Gaza doesn't get much uh cloud cover and
given that drones and satellites exist
can't Israel look down on the war thing
and have this insane Advantage because
they can see from above all the time
well it turns out that's exactly the
situation so they have a combination of
mostly drones I think uh but there might
be some satellite stuff and they've got
a control center that apparently has
good enough software so they basically
have a above ground look at everything
they can see every bad guy coming out of
every every hole in the ground and so
that they can uh the basically Israel is
playing
chess because they're moving their
strong pieces based on the
board and Hamas is playing
whack-a-mole but they're the
moles so they're not playing the same
game
anymore if you think it's like a war
well it's kind of a war cuz they're
shooting and killing but Israel is
definitely playing chess and Hamas is
playing whack-a-mole as the moles now
sometimes the moles win in wacka mole
right I mean you don't always get all
the moles that's why it's hard but it's
weird that they're not even in the same
the same game much less winning a game
all
right um here's my uh provocative
take that I said today I'm just going to
read this
because uh I want to get it exactly
right took me a long time to write it
this so this is a post I did
today I said that men on average and the
on average is going to do a lot of work
here so don't forget the on average part
we're not talking about individuals so
men on average are protectors and
hunters and women on average are
nurturers are you with me so
far we know individuals are all over the
place but on average
biologically we evolve so men hunt and
kill stuff and protect and women are
more nurturers and of course individuals
could be all over the place so if you
accept that then I'll go on and I said
that when the nurturers gain sufficient
political power the system falls apart
because the ratio of protecting to
nurturing gets on of
whack and that's where we are
now no I'm not saying that women should
not vote that's somebody else's that's
Pearl thing and pearl can say that I'm
not saying that I'm saying that when you
get an imbalance of nurturers to uh
protectors then your system has problem
now I would imagine it would be the same
the other way right if you had too much
protecting and not enough
nurturing that's probably a bad society
as well so I'm saying there should be a
balance I'm not saying you should have
none of one or one's the good one and
one's the bad one nothing like that
there's no judgment here no judgment at
all I'm just saying that if you take
these two things which exist in every
society and you get them out of whack it
might be the suboptimal you know
combination and I think that's where we
are now we're at a suboptimal
combination and I go on I say Western
women protesting in favor of the
Palestinian people is a perfect example
the nurturers don't know how to protect
themselves or anyone else again it's on
average you know there are plenty of
individuals who who are smart and know
what's going on
right um who favors the weak on crime
District Attorneys and who favors the
weak border
security mostly
women and the men that those women
control they're called
Democrats now now if you don't if you
don't buy into the fact that Democrat
women are the dominant force in the
Democrat Party you need to pay attention
a little bit more because they clearly
are and the men are clearly
accommodating the women all right so you
can use your insulting you know beta
male blah blah blah you know there's
more lgbtq blah blah blah I'm not making
a judgment call I'm not saying that you
know anybody's good or bad or that they
have more value or less value I'm just
describing it's just a description
and so it's very clear that the level of
political power that women have and the
control that they have over the men and
the Democrat Party uh creates this
imbalance of nurturing to protecting and
you can see it everywhere right it's
obvious everywhere that it's obvious
when you see shoplifters walk in and
walk out with Goods those are men not
protecting and it's because the
nurturers are protecting the criminal
because they're nurturers it's a little
over
nurturing and so just to make everybody
mad uh I said we'd all be better off now
be careful about this choice of words I
chose this very carefully I said we'd
all be better off now I'm going to tell
you what we'd all be better off with
here's what I'm not saying but some of
you seem to be hearing that you should
do this
I didn't say that I'm not saying what
you should do right so this is not a
recommendation for what you should
do just get that clear I'm saying what
would be
better but lots of times you might have
a reason to not do the thing that's
better and when I say better let me be
clear about that better for the cohesion
of society not better for the baby in
question not necessarily better for the
woman or anybody else so not for the
individuals so if you're arguing for the
you know individuals that's a different
argument for society wouldn't it be good
if we weren't tearing each other apart
about the issue of abortion so I think
women should uh let me let me take let
me get rid of the should here's what I
said we'd all be better off if men
abstained from abortion law decisions
and women abstain from National Defense
decisions better off now people said but
Scott
I'm definitely going to have an opinion
on abortion because it's life or death
and it's about a dead baby go
ahead did did you hear me saying not
to you may have imagined you heard it
but I didn't say that because you live
in a free country and you can have any
opinion you want and you could be trying
to save babies as hard as you want and I
would say okay that's you acting on your
conscience do I have a problem with you
acting on your
conscience no don't because that's
basically a human thing but is it
necessarily going to get you to the best
result well that's where we differ so
you can fight on principle to save uh
you know every baby's life and I would
say to you well there's a principle and
there's you following you your principle
I don't hate that I can't hate you
having a principle sticking to it and
then acting on your principle so if you
ever think that I said don't do that
well you're hearing something I'm not
saying everybody everybody does what
they you know need to do in their
situation and there's no free will
anyway right so it's not a criticism and
nobody is telling you what you should do
at least I'm not I'm
observing that if we stay with the fight
then you get the
fight but if you let women work it
out would that get you to your preferred
outcome maybe
not so if all that matters to you is
your preferred
outcome then you would want men and
women to be involved if you're a man
because then your voice gets
involved if if your interest as mine is
is to this this is more of a
decision-making thing than it sounds
like a it sounds like a preference but
I'm describing how to make a good
decision just in
General if you have if there's something
about your decision that can't
change then you should go to the next
Factor right so you're never going to
change the fact that half the country
think that abortion is murder and half
or whatever the numbers are but you know
what I'm talking about and some portion
think it's
not if that won't change then you move
to the next factor that matters because
you can't change it so stop changing the
thing that won't change we will dis
agree
forever about this question so you move
up to the next question is how do you
live together how how do you reach a
decision where you can half the country
can hate it and still respect
it to do that you want the people who
are closest to the decision and have the
most skin in the game to have a dominant
opinion and that's women they have the
most skin in the game now you say but
they but but but they'll make the wrong
decision
according to
who like where do you get that from how
do you know what the right decision is
the only thing you know for sure is your
opinion that's the only thing you know
you have no access to some Universal
what is right you you have a religious
belief which you're welcome to I
encourage it you have you have a
principle which you're welcome to and I
encourage
it and you and then you can have your
opinion which you're welcome to and I
would encourage it but that won't get
you to a good Society none of those
things will help you get to living
together in peace what might get you
there is trying to convince women to
your
opinion that's always good and if they
change their mind and maybe they decide
differently on abortion in your state or
otherwise then you're still doing a
credible process because if women have
the most skin in the game and whatever
way the laws go is compatible with the
you know the bare majority of women then
you have the most
credible system even if half the country
hates it now it could be in either
direction it could be either Pro or anti
but it would still be the most credible
outcome and nobody will stop you from
saying anything you want about it at any
time your opinion full on
but just know that decision making says
stop arguing about the thing that you
can't win the the argument of whether
it's you know life or not it's going
nowhere and it will go nowhere so go to
the next thing that matters how do you
keep this Society together that's all
I'm saying now those who disagree said
but but but it's life and death and I
have to make my um my feelings known to
which I say go ahead yeah go
ahead but the same should apply to uh um
War I think men should be primarily the
ones making the decisions about do we go
to war who do we support how do we keep
the country safe do we close the borders
what do we do about crime on the city
same
problem I I think that women are less
credible in that domain because they're
not the ones who are going to have to
clean it up if it goes wrong
so um we'll neither of these things will
ever happen in our system but that would
give you better
results all
right
um a another survey of uh whether Trump
would win in the in the Battleground
States and the newest one says that
Trump's on track to win 292 Electoral
College votes compared to Joe Biden at
246 that's like a big win
that's that's pretty close to a
landslide would you call that a
landslide in your opinion would 292 to
246 be a
landslide I think they would call it
that but we'll see there a lot will
change um and interestingly if you're if
you're not looking at the national vote
but you're looking at the the key states
of the Electoral College according to
this survey uh Trump is the only
Republican who could
win against any
Democrat let me say it again according
to this Trump is the only Republican who
can
win against any Democrat Biden usam or
anybody
else now that's not believable because
you know anybody could really be anybody
so you never know who's going to get in
but that's interesting do santis
actually would not beat either Harris or
Biden did I read that
right
um doesn't matter if he face oh Trump
would be Biden Harris or Newsome and
looks like DeSantis and Nikki Hy would
get demolished no matter who they ran
against um I don't know about
V you could imagine a world in
which uh Trump decided not to run for
any personal or other reason and
endorsed
V because that seems like really
possible doesn't it I mean in the worst
case scenario where he decided not to
run or couldn't run or was a health
problem or something like that if if
Trump endorsed
V you don't think he could beat the
Democrats I I also believe that DeSantis
would have a problem although I think
he'd do a lot better than ni Nikki haey
and I think Nikki haey would have a
problem but they don't have his skill
they don't have a vake skill and they
don't have his compatibility with Trump
supporters I
think if you think V doesn't have a path
he really does I mean he's he's
operating as the emergency backup spare
to Trump now to be fair he's not running
to be vice president and he's not he's
not running to be anybody's backup he's
running to be president and that's
exactly the mindset and position he
should have but in reality you know
things
happen well do you think tuer Carlson
could ever be the vice
president I I think that uh Trump is
wisely and smartly just saying good
things about Tucker because they're
working well at the moment together so I
don't think I don't think Tucker has any
interest in being vice president that
that would be like the worst idea in the
world
really and I I like Tucker I just don't
think vice president is where he would
serve the country best I doubt he thinks
it
either all
right I believe I've talked about all
the interesting
news
and that concludes the live stream of
the day the live stream of live streams
the best thing you've ever experienced
in your
life volcanoes in Iceland
yeah uh some are saying there's lots of
volcanoes at the moment and then I saw
some experts say no it's not true it's
actually a low volcano year but I guess
the volcanoes are just in interesting
places so we're talking about
them I don't think Trump as president
would serve the president country best
somebody
says um
VP under Biden or Trump is BET on death
in office that's
true yeah so Tim Scott is out of the
race
um uh Comm skill of speaking without
saying anything that's funny all right
uh thanks you twoo for joining and I
will uh talk to you in tomorrow tomorrow
and it'll be another wonderful news day
I just feel like something's about to
happen so there might be some big news
Brewing we keep an eye on that bye for
now