doo-doo-doo-doo
bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
it's time for a chalk talk or a
whiteboard talk or coffee of a Scott
Adams optional but highly recommended
mmm so you're probably watching the
backlash against Kanye West who wakes up
in the morning and tries to make the
world a better place and the world
craps down his throat for what promoting
love promoting understanding promoting
you know love thy enemy Christian values
promoting free thought sure all of those
things sound good but what about that
bad analogy he made that one time about
slavery
shouldn't we all hate him for that so
he's he's being just eaten alive by the
left therefore trying to be a positive
force in the world sure he's trying to
sell albums too right he's in the
business of making music and selling it
I don't begrudge that and you can't say
that there's nothing about that that's
in this story it's all very compatible
but I do think his head's in the right
place his hearts in the right place he's
trying to make the world a better place
but there's an importance to what he's
doing that I feel is being missed it's
easy when there's a celebrity involved
to get you know lost in the celebrity of
it right there's there's a bigger thing
happening that I want to talk to you
about all right and so we go to the
whiteboard so you've got Kanye I put him
sort of at the top and in the middle of
this conversation because he is
provocatively too
paintable sighs and tweeting tweeting
individuals from both sides to make the
make the point as clearly as possible so
for on the righties retweeted Candice
Owens he retweeted me and people are
associating me with the right but I
don't want to put my name up here
because I'm not technically on the right
but he's also tweeted Hawk Newsom and
Emma Gonzales clearly associated more
with the politics of the left now here's
what's important the left has the the
black folk kind of locked up you can
depend on Democrats getting you know the
vast majority of the black vote and it
almost doesn't matter who runs yeah I
supposed to be different if there was an
african-american candidate running for
the Republican office but if we don't
see that the the black votes kind of
locked in now the trouble is that when
your vote is locked in it doesn't have
influence because if you're not at least
threatening if you're not at least
threatening to go to the other side you
have no power why would they give you
anything if you're if your vote is free
so let me just wrap this up quickly
because I'm going to have to run so the
left let's say you Hawk in particular
one of his big maybe the biggest topic
he talks about police brutality the
problem with that topic is that it's so
polarizing the people on the right don't
even agree on you know what are the
statistics what's the reality you know
they're more about hey what we care more
about the police than the criminals he
would say well I'm not even talking
about criminals I'm talking about people
who are not criminals who are being
brutalized so this is a polarizing
problem it's hard to solve because the
two sides can't even quite talk the same
language agree what the statistics are
agree on the data agree on what needs to
you done it's a tough one and you know
you have to you have to give credit to
hawk for taking on probably one of the
toughest topics you could take off but
under the hood getting much less
attention or a whole bunch of topics
that would be fairly relevant to the
black community in which the Republicans
are not that far from the Democrats in
other words these are a whole bunch of
things where the solution at least under
a trump presidency you know not maybe
not a regular four-hour right you know
Republican kind of view but under a
trump a Trump world where it's more of a
common-sense Republican approach
probably all of these things can be
worked on and in fact there's a lot of
work happening in these areas that
you're gonna learn about in the in the
coming weeks I'll be talking about some
of this stuff in the coming weeks
because I I have previews of things that
you haven't seen yet all right so I've
talked to individuals at the highest
level who are doing things and this in
this realm so if the left allows that
you can even have a conversation with
the right the biggest risk is that all
this stuff gets handled you have now not
solved by handled in other words you
could get lots of good results a lot of
things that matter a lot if these people
who were who have a stranded vote on
this side can at least open up the
conversation with the side that has the
power at the moment
yeah the side that's that's in power are
the ones that can do the most so they're
the ones that can help on these big
things as a strategy it would make sense
to build some kind of trust some success
get some wins onto the belt and then if
you've worked together successfully
suddenly this thing doesn't look like
such a big problem because the biggest
problem with communication is trust
if you don't trust what the other one is
saying you can't even hear them because
you're translating it in your mind from
oh you say you want to do that but I
think what you really mean is you're
trying to grab power or whatever so
build trust on the things that can work
then you've got some some credibility to
take with you to get you know to get to
the hard stuff what Kanye has done has
simply opened up the question of whether
you can be in this group and have a
productive conversation with people over
here without without it turning into
something unproductive and he's saying
hey maybe maybe think differently all
right so this is the risk the risk is
that a conversation between black
citizens and the right who have the
power and the resources and are
completely interested yeah there's a lot
of stuff happening you're gonna find out
about this soon there there are a lot of
places where they just agree they're not
that far off
take the wins then work on the hard
stuff that's what I do
Kanye is making us think about this as
possible it would unlock the power of
the black vote so that once they are
free I hate to say free cuz that's the
wrong word in this context once they
feel the flexibility to vote for whoever
will help them the most you know who's
got an idea who can do the next thing
for me I don't care who did the last
thing I don't care that Republicans were
great in the sixties whatever I don't
care that you know Democrats were better
you know a decade ago I don't care about
that what are you gonna do for me today
who's got the better idea the black vote
determines who's president usually all
right you know Trump was an outlier but
the black vote it's gonna be pretty
decisive in a mat major election so
Kayne
is unlocking the way we think that's
what he's trying to do and if he is
successful in saying it's okay to talk
to these people doesn't matter who they
are it's okay to talk to him you could
at least talk to them all right if he is
successful in that message and is not
eaten by his own side you know if he
sticks with it he is unlocking a power
in this country in the black vote that
just doesn't exist it could exist
it just doesn't all right and
Republicans are making a legitimate
attempt you'll see more coming from them
soon that's really going to change the
equation so Kayne
plus the fact that Republicans actually
do want to make a difference but they
haven't they haven't yet is a very
dangerous trend and something to look at
dangerous in a good way
meaning dangerous and that it will
change the politics of the country so it
might be not so good for the people who
were you know invested in the old model
but it might be really good for the
country so that's just my frame to put
on this if you're looking at it as just
a this Kanye celebrity is making a lot
of noise trying to sell some albums well
that's true but there's a much bigger
cooler useful thing that might be
developing which is the power of black
voters yeah it's it's within their
ability to completely take it to another
level of influence all right that's all
I got to say for now and I've got to go
do some do something else bye for now