bum bum bum oh bum bum bum bum hey
everybody come on in here you know
yesterday I was so excited to tell you
about my my visit with the president
that I forgot to do the simultaneous SEP
did anybody notice I'll bang you did but
I'm not gonna forget today today I'm on
the ball despite not having enough
coffee yet you've been begging me to
talk about cue and so I will and shall
we drink to the simultaneous sip join me
there will be another you're gonna get a
second bite at these simultaneous sip
yeah that's a bad analogy nobody bites a
sip but it's early they get better as
the day goes on alright let's talk about
cue so I was looking at a CNN story in
which they were interviewing members of
the I don't know I guess you call it
people who believed cue the anonymous
source on the internet that purports to
have secret knowledge of what's going to
happen next a lot of people believe that
this is real and that and that it has
real sequence and of course the the
folks who are anti-trump
have painted those people as Fringe nut
cases well let me tell you my opinion
first part of the opinion queue is not
real let me say that as clearly as I can
queue is not real it's not even slightly
real it's not potentially real
it's not maybe in a distant small way it
could be real there isn't really any
chance it's real and if you've watched
me for a while I think you know that I
like to talk in percentages not yes or
no because most things are not
completely true or completely false
most things are spawned so there's a
little bit of truth with it a little bit
of false Q is 100% not true and that's
sort of put might put a gun to my head
you know let's say you said to me I'll
give you $100 or you'll be killed if
you're wrong would you take that bet
that Q is not real yes because it's a
$300 all right so I hope I haven't
overstated this Q is not real but I'll
tell you what it does do well first of
all it's entertaining like horoscopes
and stuff so if somebody wants to you
know consume it for entertainment why
not
however I'm watching these Q devotees
attending Trump rallies and let me ask
you this who do you think the media is
going to interview if 30,000 Trump
supporters go to a rally and 20 of them
have signs that say Q who is the media
going to interview will they interview
the 29,000 blah blah blah people who are
not cute probably not they're going to
talk to the people with the signs and
when they're done what will they have
successfully done they will have
successfully made they will have
successfully made all Trump supporters
look like nuts so
if you want to believe in Q and it's fun
and you like consuming it I'm not gonna
tell you not to I mean it's your life
you can you can find entertainment and
any legal way you would like but if you
want to make Trump supporters look like
a bunch of idiots put on your Q shirt
and go to the go to the rally if you
want to hurt your candidate that's a
great way to do it
just sayin
if you want to do the worst possible
thing for your own candidate the person
you support put on your frickin kyuseok
go to the rally make sure you talk to
CNN so they can make sure that all Trump
supporters look like freaking idiots
so that's happened yeah I'm trying to
control my opinion on this a little bit
because let me let me say this in a more
personal way the Q people make me look
like an idiot just because you know I
say good things about the president and
that kind of in most people's minds that
puts me on the same team as the Q people
I like that I don't like being on the Q
team so do what you want to do guys you
know go wild but maybe do it a little
quieter because it's not helping the
brand the brand is definitely taking a
hit with the Q stuff all right let's
talk about your favorite topic that gets
people to leave all the time
some of you saw I talked to my buddy
Hawk Newsom who's doing a love March
right now not a black lives matter March
but a a March for love the agape March
and I talked to him yesterday afternoon
on periscope now he said a couple of
provocative things which require some
some comment he said the following
number one he said that there are a
large number of racists who are
Republican Trump supporters and many
people push back and said no don't call
us racists
well I think you have to look at exactly
what he said exactly what he said is
that there are a large number of them
not a large percentage he didn't say
that he said there are a large number of
them is that false what would you call
it what would you call a large number of
racists
you know if there's 63 million
Republican voters would would you say
that a million might be adequately
called racist I would if you took 63
million Americans no matter how you
sliced it you could pick them randomly
they could be Democrats they could be
Republicans but wouldn't it be true that
if you pick 63 million Americans you'd
get a million racists wouldn't you I
can't imagine not in fact if you picked
you know any group it could be even an
ethnic group you know if you picked
Asians blacks you know Hispanics and you
had enough of them wouldn't there be a
large number of racists in the group
that's just a law of large numbers and
if you've got a million racist that's
way too many now I'm just making that
number up for example so if if you are
African American and you say that 63
million people has a large number of
races well large is sort of an opinion
about what is large right if you happen
to be on the receiving side of the
racism that's a large number if you
happen to be in that group and you're
not a racist you want people to say
that's not a large number so it's not a
fact you know it's not really a fact
that I think you can doubt that there
are a large number now
you're real and I think the valid
criticism of that statement is that it
sort of leaves in the air that maybe
it's most of them and when he was asked
to clarify so on
I saw him Twitter some people who
watched that periscope asked him to
clarify and then he said the following
but listen to the exact words he said
that that people talking about about
self now black people sort of that the
general group believe that most believe
think that believe that most Republicans
are racists is that true now remember
that's not a claim of fact well its
claim a fact about what people believe
it's not a claim of fact about what
people are I would say that's also
probably true I would say the majority
of black lives matter think that most
Republicans are racist would you say but
it is also fair and fact-checking in
this wouldn't you say that a hundred
percent of Republicans or something like
it believes that everybody in black
lives matter is a racist Oh at least
just the African American group fact
check me on this would Republican say
then nearly a hundred percent of black
lives matter our races now I'm not
saying they are because I don't want to
fall into the same I don't want to fall
into the same category as hawk just did
the problem that hawk has and that you
have is the same frickin problem is that
you're pretty sure the other side is
almost completely racist now keep in
mind that my domain is persuasion and
psychology and and what we we think
about the world I don't deal in the
fact-based world the reason I don't deal
in the fact-based world at least not
exclusively everybody does to some
extent but not exclusively is that we
don't make our decisions based on that
so when I talk to hawk and he says
there's a belief that's not that's not a
fact the claim of fact there's a belief
that most Republicans are racist that's
just true they do believe that it's not
a claim of fact about what the
Republicans are it's a statement about
the believers so keep your perspective
when they say we're a bunch of believers
who believe their republic
are racists it's just Q what's the
difference
Q is a bunch of people who believe
something that isn't true do I hate Q by
dou not I just think they're making a
branding mistake they're people we're
having some fun with something that's
not terribly important you know whether
you believe Q or not it's not terribly
important likewise what is black lives
matter its biggest problem their biggest
problem is that they have somehow
convinced a hundred percent of
Republicans and I think it is a hundred
percent you know I think it's not
hundred percent that black lives matter
themselves are a hundred percent racist
again not a claim of fact because I
can't read people's minds I don't know
what anybody in black lives matters
thinking you know I don't know what
anybody's thinking I'm just giving you
my impression of the world there you
have two groups who are pretty pretty
sure that the other group is mostly
racists if you can't get past that then
you can't do anything so when you say
how hates us I don't believe that's true
because if he said I if you year Hawks
say you know I believe most Republicans
are racists that would be new news
because I haven't heard him say that
I've heard him say it of of you know
black lives matter of of a group as sort
of a group opinion and I think it's
probably accurate so I think you need to
at least deal on the you know a little
bit more level of accuracy if people
believe the other is racist you have to
deal with the belief so you can't just
say you're wrong and move on it doesn't
get anywhere alright
do you know the the other the other
observation I had I talked about on that
periscope how I'd lost
I've lost three careers to racism and
who was it who was a racist against me
so that's you know my story I I lost my
career in the banking because I was a
white male and they said we're not going
to promote any white males they said for
those of you who are new they said that
directly to me my bosses did so my
bosses called me in the office and said
we can't promote any more white males
because we don't have enough diversity
and senior management and we'll never
get there if we keep promoting white
males so I quit I lost that career to
racism I went to the phone company got
on the management track looked like I
was going somewhere and my boss called
me and again in a repeat of the first
situation and said we got caught having
not enough diversity in senior
management we can never promote you
because you're white and you're male I
became the Dilbert guy so I did fine
you know Dilbert worked down obviously I
started to Dilbert TV show on the UPN
network in our second season which would
have been sort of a critical one for for
growing or going away
UPN decided to become the
african-american Network and to create
programming that was largely
african-american actors and you know and
targeting that segment of the community
now I'm all in favor of every community
having any kind of entertainment they
want but since I happen to be on that
network already I no longer fit so I
lost a TV career to racism now I've been
discriminated on three separate careers
that were ruined absolutely ruined by
racism who was it who discriminated
against me
here's your trick question you just
heard my story I swear to God every day
that's true who discriminated against me
rich white guys
it wasn't even women it was rich white
men
discriminated against me why did they do
that to make their own asses safer so
when you know Hawk or anybody else says
hey a bunch of you know white men and
discriminating blah blah I say to myself
hell yeah they discriminated against me
now
I just wasn't successful so people who
are more successful higher up in the
chain could effectively discriminate
against me but it was all white men who
did it now I don't hate white men
because I happened to beat one I think I
think we're pretty cool as a as a group
but I certainly was you know three three
separate promising careers and by the
way all three of these careers had a lot
of potential you know being a you know
senior vice president of a bank is an
amazing job likewise for the phone
company they were really high paying
jobs and the management was getting
super rich so so discrimination is
everywhere and I was just my I just had
this weird relevation revelation not
relevation revelation that rich white
men have discriminated against me
seriously in three different careers all
right did all of you see the tweet from
President Trump saying that that Don
Lemon was he didn't know if LeBron James
or Don Lemon were the dumbest people or
Don Lemon it was the dumbest person on
TV anyway his tweet called LeBron James
and Don Lemon dumb now you would say to
yourself this is the worst thing that a
president could ever say who is already
being accused of racism because by
coincidence both Don Lemon and LeBron
James are african-american now the
president closed his tweet by saying I
like Mike a reference to Michael Jordan
now Michael Jordan as you might know
also African American so in his tweet
he said to African Americans were dumb
and that's an opinion a lot of a lot of
you would probably agree with with those
particular individuals but Michael
Jordan is not he likes Mike
so that that was an interesting way to
defend against the claim that the two
characters were African American
therefore it's racist did that stop
anybody did the fact that he added
Michael Jordan he likes did that stop
anybody from claiming it was racist of
course that of course not it did not but
you if anybody is new to why it is that
Republicans like President Trump
part of it is because he's willing to
say that which is I think people love
the fact that he's willing to call
anybody stupid now
have you ever heard President Trump
called white people stupid I'm pretty
sure you have is it rare no it's not
rare does it happen
every frickin day yes practically you
know he doesn't say the same words but
he calls he calls pretty much all of his
critics stupid in one way or another so
is it a step forward that the president
can call - let me put it in the most
optimistic way you could possibly put it
is it a step forward
that the President of the United States
can call - very rich very successful
african-american men stupid because
they're his critics I kind of like it I
kind of like the fact that we've reached
a place where he can say that in public
and I do like the fact he added I like
Mike because that does that does show
his intention if his intention had been
to be racist or to suddenly racist dog
whistle you don't throw in the Michael
Jordan I like part that wouldn't make
any sense
how would that
make sense so that that is a clear
signal that he is treating wait for it
wait for it it's a clear signal
including the Michael Jordan in the in
the quote a crystal clear signal that he
is treating LeBron James and Don Lemon
the same as he treats everybody else
which is harshly if there is critics so
then of course I saw that Melania has
said some good things about LeBron
because LeBron is doing some good things
with some schools funding promoting some
I forget the details but it's something
that pretty much everybody agrees is
good work so we're happy about that
and Melania said that so what how does
how does the enemy Press report it they
say that Melania is taking sides against
her husband that's not what happened
that's not what happened because if you
asked President Trump this is this is an
educated guess I can't read his mind but
if you ask President Trump do you think
that LeBron is doing good work with the
school that he's funding
I feel confident and saying he would say
yeah we I like that that's good that
part is great that's what Melania said
so here you have Melania agreeing with
her husband and all likelihood as far as
we know they would agree and it's
reported as she is she's not agree
because she just didn't take the bait to
talk about the the tweet so that's your
fake news for you very fake news
let's say you use red flags and not very
particularly the enemy press why would
she yeah okay yeah you know I think I'm
gonna give me my opinion I'm just gonna
talk about LeBron compare LeBron to
Michael Jordan who you know he you
supported LeBron and I get that you know
I could certainly see why that would be
a reasonable thing to do but wouldn't
you say just being fair
wouldn't you say Michael Jordan is very
very smart all the evidence suggests in
business and the field are on the on the
court wouldn't you say Michael Jordan is
very smart I mean I would all evidence
suggests that would you say the same
about LeBron I don't know I'm not so
sure I would because the way he's
handling this presidential thing could
be so much better so I don't know every
element of his life you know I don't
know how LeBron would do on the SATs if
he ever took them I don't know anything
like that I only know what he does in
public in public the way he's handling
that the Trump thing is not smart in my
opinion it doesn't help his brand in
fact it hurts it quite a bit and it
doesn't move the ball forward you know
if it's not strategically clever so you
can respect him for his success you can
respect him for his hard work which
apparently is legendary and I do respect
him a lot for that you can respect
LeBron on all kinds of levels but
in this particular domain it doesn't
look like his his best move it could
have been a lot more productive and
still could be maybe he will be so I'm
gonna hold out hope that LeBron find
some way to turn this positive I don't
know what the odds of that are so I just
summing up where we are I would say that
the odds that let me put it this way if
you're talking about people who are
concerned about racism say people on the
Left who would make it their their
biggest issue probably their strategy
right now is to call the people on the
right racists and to brand them sort of
halt as racists is that a good strategy
cuz it doesn't feel like a good strategy
to me it might have been I think it was
a good strategy when things were more
objectively wrong you know if the law is
objectively discriminating well then
you've got to go hard but I think we've
reached a point where some nuance and
maybe some more attention on the details
makes sense and by the way I remembered
after talking to Hawkeye cut him off and
I forgot to circle back he was making
some specific suggestions about police
that I think are actually just good
suggestions one of them was that if
somebody needs medical care that they
get it if they're in custody yeah you
probably have to work out the details
and I think it's something you could
test in a few markets to see if it works
but that's just a completely reasonable
practical thing that you could try and
either works or it doesn't and the other
thing you suggested was that if a police
officer falsifies a police report
specifically in the context of some
violence that happened during somebody
being in custody that that's a crime and
they could be prosecuted for it now then
what the law is now but somebody says
already do I think the issue is that
they don't get prosecuted or that the
penalty for that is not very high
so could it be that we just need to make
sure that law that's already in the
books is is followed or are there some
markets where the wee laws are weaker or
what do they need to be boosted in all
of those cases there's a factual thing
that can be investigated and maybe
something works maybe you find
everything's the way it can be or it
should be
it just needs more attention but these
are factual practical things that you
could investigate let's talk about the
New York Times and the the races that
they they hired now I forget her name
John is the last name so she does seem
to be sort of a classic unrepentant no
doubt about it racist and she's had 48
48 hours to recant or apologize or
clarify and that don't believe she has I
heard I saw that the New York Times
wrote a clarification for her but as she
as she made a statement
give me some fact-checking as is her
name Sarah I don't know her name is I
don't believe she has made a statement
right
you're losing your smart people did she
make a statement though but or did she
only make it to the New York Times who
then made it to us because I haven't
seen her statement
Sarah's young so I apply my 48-hour rule
if in 48 hours she had said something
like this I would give her a pass so had
she said in 48 hours from from the issue
coming up to say yes I said those things
it was in jest or it was parody I don't
believe those things that's not my
position I'm sir
I'm sorry if somebody took it that way
had she said anything like that I would
say to myself well even if she did think
it I'm gonna let her go with the
clarification because that's my rule my
rule is not to try to second-guess when
somebody's thinking my rule is that you
take them at their word
because only only the person gets to say
what they're thinking that should be the
standard it's not me guessing what
you're thinking you got to tell me but
if you don't say it in 48 hours I think
it's fair that you you know I think it's
fair that you come up with your own
opinion and sure of a clarification
somebody says she did do that but I
haven't seen that somebody should said
that to me on Twitter did it do to
pedophiles next what about pedophiles oh
you think I'm gonna support them
you'd be wrong yeah she said the same
thing for a year in speeches all right
yeah she's not she would not be very
credible in change of that opinion
that's fair but you know I think people
should get to change their opinions she
qualified the tweets
she said saying it's sarcasm saying it's
sarcasm is different from saying you
don't believe it so I think you're I
think she tried to have it both ways it
sounds like she tried to say it was
satire and whether it was or is not is
different from what her actual opinion
is so her opinion she did not retract
all she did was clarify that what she
said was in the form of satire all
satire has a point
satire is not satire
sarcasm is not sarcasm unless there's a
serious point to it if the serious point
was that white people are racist or a
problematic in some way then that's the
point it doesn't keep in mind as as a
professional satirist as a professional
user of sarcasm those things don't exist
unless they have a base point to them so
if she didn't retract the point and all
she did was say I delivered it in the
form of satire or sorry sarcasm that's
not that's not a clarification that's
just a statement all right that's enough
for now base point she said she was
attacked for old comments likes James
Gunn oh yeah did you see in Venezuela
that there was an alleged drone attack
against the president president I guess
of Venezuela while he was in public did
you hear about that there's a video of
it going off and I was trying to I was
wondering why the drone didn't get
closer you know why would why did it
fail I heard there were two of them but
maybe one got shot down by a sniper
[Music]
oMG you're not even close I'm not gonna
fall for the Jung derangement syndrome
yeah so I don't know where that drone
blew up I didn't see it on the video so
it wasn't that close to the president
but it seems to me that when drones have
their own guidance it's game over the
problem with the problem with current
drones is you have to be within
controlling distance so your controller
you got it you have to be able to see it
and you know have a signal the the
drones that I'm worried about will be
the fully autonomous ones the drone you
need to worry about is where they they
put the GPS coordinate in and they just
send it and and it's not controlled
after that those drones are gonna be a
big problem every other kind of drone
you could probably block right because
if the way that they bring drones down
now is they block the controlling signal
if you get rid of the controlling signal
and just give it a GPS guidance you know
somebody's working on this somebody says
those drones exist I don't know if those
drones exist commercially do they can a
regular consumer buy one of those or is
that just military your drone can do
that oh my god I didn't know that and
can those drones be brought down by by
the drone guns alright so it looks like
I need to learn a bit more about drone
defense and and drones but my guess is
that those drones were probably
controlled by consumer there's an FAA
exclusion for consumer use so consumers
can't buy them okay but when people say
that you can jam them what would you be
jamming exactly oh you do jam that you
could Jam the GPS signal I suppose
but then if the drone already knew where
it was going no couldn't the drone also
tell where it was going by looking at
the map
you know if you had if your GPS drone
was using the satellite to compete to
figure out where it was and then they
block the transmission from satellite to
drone but the drone also had like a
Google satellite map in its memory
couldn't it match the terrain to the
Google map and still find its way does
that exist because again if it doesn't
it will everything is done by GPS now so
some say some said it can check terrain
well whether it can or not certainly a
will it feels like you know a certainty
that it could look at the roads and
compare it to a map and know exactly
where it was
that assumes a lot of AI I don't think
so I don't think it would I don't think
you need much artificial intelligence
all you're doing is matching patterns so
basically yeah somebody was saying
facial recognition if you took facial
recognition software and just we're
looking at the ground instead of a face
couldn't you figure out where you're at
just compare it to a map I think you
could all right I'm boring you I'm gonna
go now it's a slow news August so you
may notice that the news is all is all
stuff like psychological problems like
racism or at least how we think about
racism the problem is real of course
Starbucks is going to accept Bitcoin
didn't know about that that's a big deal
i i'll talk to all of you later