hey everybody hello Nicholas Tyler come
on in gather around you still have a few
seconds to go grab your
beverage because you know what time it
is it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
that's me and I hope you have your mug
your cup your glass your chalice your
Stein if you will I hope it's filled
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
en join me for the simultaneous
sip
Ah that's the best so I hope you've all
seen uh probably the best example of CNN
mind reading you've ever seen now when I
say mind reading
I'm talking about a news
organization that tells us without any
without any sense of
embarrassment they say in clear terms
that they believe they know what
strangers are thinking in their private
thoughts now in what world is that not
batshit crazy but here's I want to read
to you the first line of an article in
CNN politics by uh step or Stefan
Collinson right so here's the first
sentence the very first sentence of an
article today on CNN it says Donald
Trump's hatred of looking
foolish uh and Democrats conviction that
they have a winning hand is leaving the
president with no way out of the Border
situation now they've got two mind
reading bits in the first sentence
the first one is that Donald Trump's
hatred of looking foolish is what's
driving his
negotiating
now first of all can you name somebody
who doesn't hate looking
foolish are there people who don't like
so is that like a special special
feeling that needs to be called out I'm
pretty sure everybody likes to win I'm
pretty sure people don't like to
lose right so there's a lot of nothing
in that but more importantly they signal
out they they single out the nothing as
his primary thinking
process I think there are other
thoughts I don't think the entire policy
is about not being wrong you know there
are issues about getting reelected there
are issues about serving the base there
are of course issues about what's good
for the country and I think some genuine
disagreement about that Etc but
uh it's pure mind reading and then they
in this case they did it also for the
Democrats talk about the Democrats
conviction that they have a winning
hand do you think that Nancy poosi and
Chuck Schumer are they they use the word
conviction so I feel that that u
connotes a sense of
certainty do you think they're certain
they have a winning hand against this
president
do you think Chuck and Nancy are
thinking yeah we got them now I don't
think
so now I'm also not a mind
reader so I'm just pointing out that
this mind
reader is working on a guess or a hunch
but he's presenting it as if it's some
kind of an obvious fact that we should
all agree with no backup needed let me
just put it out there it's president
Trump's hatred of looking foolish and of
course the Democrats have a conviction
of a winning
hand here's how that could have been
written to also be true all right I'm
just going to reverse the mind reading
and watch How It's True even if you
reverse it so I'll reverse it Donald
Trump's conviction that he has a winning
hand right I mean just as good as the
other way and then the democrat's uh
hatred of looking
foolish everybody hates looking foolish
I'm pretty sure everybody hates
that uh so anyway the reason I point out
the mind reading is that um I don't see
as much of it from Fox News but I also
maybe I haven't been tooed to it so I
think I'll pay a little more attention
to see if I'm seeing much of that on
that side but it does seem like there's
an epidemic of people reporting the news
as if literally as if they can read
other people's minds and just putting it
out there like there's no question about
it all right let's talk about uh there
was an idea floated Yesterday by a few
people Ben spau among them
notably uh Reviving the idea from last
year about putting some solar panels on
the border wall and and then selling it
as a you know good for climate change I
guess now
some critics say that will never work
because of
vandalism and I say pretty good point
you know I could I could imagine that
vandalism would be a problem especially
because the uh the direction of the
solar panels would be on the Mexican
side because they need to face South so
that actually the the Border barrier is
perfectly um perfectly
directionally uh good good for solar
because it faces South just the way
you'd want it to but they are subject
to you know being monkeyed with so uhoh
I just said something that if I don't
catch it it's going to sound racist they
are subject to people messing with them
where I grew up it's common to say
people are monkeying with things and it
is not racist let me point that
out
um so yeah they they definitely are
subject to uh know BB guns and rocks and
everything else but I ask you
this uh I ask you this is it something
you could test small and the answer is
yes you could pick a an urban area that
already needs a wall or should have a
wall because those are the places you
want wall according to the border
security people the places you might
want a solid barrier is where there are
lots of homes or businesses on each side
you don't you don't need it so much in
the long Barren areas but that's also
where you need
electricity so you could just try a
little bit of a solar wall in a place
that makes sense put it up run it for a
couple years see if it works that you
know if the company that makes and I
guess there is a company that's has a
prototype that has solar panels on it so
that's that that exists as a design
already why not just try it you don't
have to try 100 miles of it you could
try one mile of it you could try one
block of it and just see if the if the
uh folks on the Mexican side hate it
because if they hate it and they throw
rocks on it then it's bad now um now
imagine
that now imagine that uh let's say we
split the
you know electricity or something you
know maybe we share a little electricity
with
Mexico uh so there there are ways to
test this idea but I think it's
perfectly valid to say it wouldn't work
because people would throw rocks at it
um let's go to the
board and talk about the persuasion game
I'm going to sort of score it in the
middle of the game to see how we're
doing on
persuasion on the border your debate
who's winning who's got the best
arguments
so uh two of the big two of the big
arguments used by people who like the
wall are that it's going to be good for
drugs and
crime the Democrats are winning the
persuasion battle on the questions of
drugs and crime now remember we're
talking about persuasion so we're not
talking about what's true true we not
talking about the facts but on a
persuasion level I think the I think the
Democrats have made a convincing case
that the drugs are mostly coming in
different ways and it's hard to stop
drugs with a wall anyway and they're
also making a convincing case that the
crime rate of immigrants whether legal
or illegal or you put them together is
is not so high that it's a a special
type of uh risk
now of course Republicans would say wait
a minute it's not about the percentage
of crime if somebody kills you you don't
care that they're part of a group that
has a low percentage of crime you just
care that you're dead but I would say
that the Republicans have not made this
argument they have not made the argument
that the percentage of crime is a stupid
way to look at it if you can stop if you
if you have a way that's economical and
practical to reduce your risk of crime
you're not going to care if you're red
reducing your risk of crime in a
neighborhood that already has below
average crime right you're not going to
care about the ratio of crime you're
just going to care about protecting
yourself so I would say Al although
somebody said in the comments here it's
not that the Republicans haven't made
the case but they made it weekly and
meaning weak uh they really haven't
hammered that they've sort of let that
sit out there it seems to me that the
the Democrats are getting the better of
this argument and again remember I'm not
talking about facts or truth I'm only
talking about the argument or
persuasion the here would be in my
opinion the best way to handle both of
these weaknesses in the Republican
position so instead of saying we're
going to stop
drugs because the wall won't do that and
nobody's going to believe it will and
instead of saying that immigrants have
higher than normal crime rates or even
suggesting it don't do that just say
that we're going to funnel if if you
have a better border wall you're going
to funnel people toward the legal PS
ports of points of
Entry so apparently most of the drugs
and probably a lot of bad people are
coming through the the legal border
checks now my understanding is that part
of this $5.7 billion
um budget is to improve the
electronic um you know I guess detection
at those places so what you have here is
a fairly I think and you'd have to fact
check me on this but I think what the
plan is is that if you strengthen the
the external borders that you help to
funnel people toward the the places
where we'll be also improving
detection
um it's so so the question is could you
take this argument where the Republicans
are losing and describe it this way you
just say oh yeah we know that walls
don't stop everything but it will be a a
point of friction that will funnel
people toward the you know the main
points of Entry where we do have people
checking and we're also going to greatly
upgrade the technology at those points
so you need to do two things you need to
funnel them
into the place that you have the best
detection that's actually a very
rational plan if you say to me uh
there's too much crime coming in I say
well as a percentage it's not bad and
and really we're all just people so if
people are people and they don't bring
in more crime than other people why are
we complaining about it it just sounds
racist and it does it totally sounds
racist so as an argument it's a bad one
but if you say everybody agrees that the
process should be organized and
Humane so part of the advantage of
getting people away from the illegal
Crossing areas and toward the legal
Crossing areas is that you have a
humanitarian benefit there are fewer
people trying to do it the dangerous
way the other argument that the Dems are
using and I'm not even sure it's an
argument it goes more in the in the
category of using
sarcasm and mocking um so it's good for
the base when they say stuff like oh the
president said Mexico would pay for it I
don't see Mexico paying for it so it's
it's sort of good in the political back
and forth Etc but it's not really the
key point is it the key point is not
whether Mexico pays for it or not but
here's the interesting thing the
Republicans as a group are also Al
saying that the wall is
immoral does it make sense that they're
saying the wall is immoral unless Mexico
pays for it is the wall moral if Mexico
pays for it why are the Democrats
talking about who pays for the immoral
wall is it because if Mexico pays for it
it be it transfers from immoral to moral
because somebody else paid for it so I
think the question needs to be asked uh
to uh let's say Eric swalwell my
representative who was talking about
this today or yesterday so he he just
tweeted mocking uh the president for
saying Mexico would pay for the wall the
question needs to be asked if Mexico
paid for the wall would you suddenly be
okay with the immorality of it all and
if not shut the up because that's
not the point at all stick with the
point make a point and live with it if
your point is that it's immoral die on
that Hill damn it die on that Hill go to
that hill and just die if that's your
point stick with it don't talk about how
how if it were cheaper it would be moral
is that your point if I can get a
discount it's okay I'll do something
immoral as long as the price is right is
that what you're saying representative
swell so I think the answer to this is
to mock it
back off the table because it's it's
just a distraction it doesn't work for
either side it's not moving the ball
forward I would just mock this back out
of out of uh the
system here's another argument that I
haven't seen um I have well let me put
it this way I don't think I've seen this
from the
president packaged in a very effective
way and it's weirdly maybe the best
argument the the people who most want
illegal immigrants
are go what what category of Americans
demographically are most interested in
having a lot of illegal immigration who
benefits
me
me I got to tell you if there were not
massive illegal immigration life in
California for rich white people would
be a lot harder that's just a fact that
is a fact and nobody I don't think
anybody doubts it if they're rich and
white as I am uh so our current
immigration policy which is a poorest
border is really for the benefit of rich
white people now let me ask it the the
opposite way who
loses Afric African-American
mostly men who are the ones who are
competing with manual labor type jobs uh
the people who would like to maybe work
hard in this generation so that the Next
Generation can go to school and get you
know even better jobs in generation 2
how how does the African-American
Community you know take the you know
sort of what do you call the entry level
economic position so that the Next
Generation or even many of the current
generation can can move on
up well if they don't have jobs it's
going to be harder so here's the
argument that I think is the
strongest I would I would go after the
the the strongest part of the um of the
opposition's argument is that all of
this is a smoke screen for a bunch of
racism right all of these reasons are
kind of not really the reason are they
the real reason is that people think in
their mind mind reading thank you CNN
people are mind reading the president
and his supporters and saying hey I
think this is a racist thing to have
fewer brown people I think that can be
turned
around by saying the current system
benefits rich white
people fact check me fact check me on
that will you who benefits by the
current system I'm pretty sure that the
big companies which are probably mostly
you know run and managed and owned by
Rich white people I'm pretty sure
they're the ones who want immigration to
be just the way it
is I'm pretty sure it's true that
African-Americans don't want to have
more trouble getting jobs It's probably
hard enough already right I'm pretty
sure that they're on
board so here's the here's the statement
that I think captures it all that the
president's border policy is designed to
protect the people who are already here
which would
include 22 million uh people who already
came here illegally because the only way
to protect the people who are already
here including all the people who came
over the border
illegally is to slow down the number of
people who continue to come that's how
you protect the African-American
Community that's how you protect the
immigrants who are already here legal or
illegal you know they also need jobs and
they don't want to compete any more than
anybody else does um and that the
current system is racist as hell the
current system is designed it looks just
to benefit rich white people and it's
working and by the way when I talk about
this stuff um I should tell you that I
actually have pretty mixed feelings
about border
security because if you live in
California you're you're living living
among and working with you know every
kind of person and I can tell you
personally that illegal immigrant
immigration has been nothing but good
for me just unambiguously good for me
because it's just you know I meet great
people they you know they can do work
for me at at the moment's notice um and
you know I pay them Well everybody's
happy so so I would say that you know in
every case immigration has been good for
me I've never been victimized by any
crime um and by the way the people let
me say this I'm going to tell you a
story that uh just so you can see that
that my bias is not All in One
Direction
um when I owned restaurants it was well
understood that the the folks who came
from Mexico they all had identification
and that's all the that's all the
business can tell if they have two forms
of
identification restaurant owners and
small business owners are not asked to
go beyond that right if they have
identification that's all you know so we
would hire people who had identification
like every other business in the area
and that's that's as far as you would go
and but it was our experience
uh I'll tell you a real a real event
there was a uh a bus boy who tried to
steal a towel from the restaurant and he
was stopped at the door by another uh uh
Mexican you know immigrant who stopped
him at the door and basically turned him
in CU he didn't want to be part of a
business where somebody from Mexico
stole from the business so there is a
lot of you know there is some self polic
going on because the people who go
through all the trouble and the risk and
the hardship to get here they really
want to stay and they don't want
somebody else ruining their stuff so uh
so I'm just telling you my own bias that
as a rich white guy um immigration from
Mexico has been unambiguously positive
in my
life so if there's less of it I imagine
that would be bad for me in a variety of
ways
but I think it would also be good for a
lot of other people and I think that has
to count too so if the president is
making a case that he's the president of
the people who are in this country
legally or illegally you know once once
they're in the Border they are sort of
under your control and protection in a
sense um even if you prefer that they
were they were legal all
right uh the last point just so I've
covered it all is that uh the Democrats
make the case that most of the illegal
people are coming in through the the
airports I haven't seen anybody address
that in an effective way because it is
true that Mo the vast majority of the
illegal immigration is coming through
the airports but here's my question is
somebody who can afford a plane
ticket uh the same level of crime risk
as somebody who is snuck over the
Border I don't know that that's the same
level of crime risk if you were to if
you were to measure the crime rate of
people who came in who could afford a
plane
ticket those are those are the people
who probably have college
degrees uh I would think that anybody
would who could afford a plane
ticket it you know and has ID and and
comes in that way even if they're over
days they're probably exactly the people
who have the lowest level of um of crime
so I'd love to see the stats on that but
my guess is that you're looking at um
you're probably looking at a lot of
people coming from say India and Europe
and stuff who are overstaying and they
may have a lower crime rate than people
who are coming from below the Border who
are an entirely different economic group
now so that I can be free from the
accusations of racism my statement is
the following people from lower economic
groups tend to have higher crime rates
and why wouldn't they if if I were poor
enough that I needed to steal to eat I'd
probably steal to eat you know I'm I'm
not so holy that I wouldn't do what I
needed to do to live so I would say as a
general statement you know the less
money you have the more likely you're
going to be drawn to crime and the
people who can afford a PL ticket and
come in through an airport probably have
less Temptation because I would imagine
a lot of them are coming in and staying
because they have work they they've got
relationships they've got things going
on all right so I would say that the
best argument here is that there may be
a difference in the crime rate of people
coming in through airports uh but the
the second part of the argument
is uh second part of the argument is
that uh it's just a separate problem so
if you've got two holes in your bucket
let's say you have a bucket that has two
holes and one is bigger than the
other do you not plug the smaller hole
because a bigger one
exists I don't think so I think you plug
whatever you can plug and you hope that
you can get them all you know it may
take a while to get there but if you
have problems you solve the ones you can
solve you don't not solve small problems
because large problems
exist so see my uh Dilbert cartoon that
I I tweeted this morning on
analogies uh I've said this before
but let me just close on this
thought
um I don't know how many of you have
seen me
struggle with the the million times I've
had to say this publicly all right so I
criticize an anies as not being
persuasive and usually it's talk about
Hitler analogies as not being
persuasive uh those are the worst ones
um but analogies are great for
explaining a
concept so the concept I was explaining
is that if you have two problems why
would you leave one you know on un
solved if if you didn't need to so
that's a perfect use of an analogy a bad
use of analogy
is my cat has markings that look like
Hitler's mustache therefore I think my
cat might try to attack
Poland that's a bad use of an
analogy all right um I continue to dig
in to the problem and the question of
climate
change um I talked to a number of people
yesterday uh using the interface by
whenhub app so yesterday I just uh said
in the app this this is my startups app
it's called interface by whenhub it's
free app you can download it and you can
talk to people like me and I'll tell you
the the coolest thing that happened
yesterday so the coolest thing that
happened
yesterday was I got a call on the
interface app from someone who had read
a number of my books and followed me on
Periscope and uh it it was a young man
who was
who had set his own
affirmation to talk to me personally
about the topic of
affirmations so there was somebody in
the world who was doing
affirmations to somehow reach me and I
guess he tried a number of ways but
hadn't hadn't found a way to do it he
found he wanted to find some way to
speak to me personally on the topic of
affirmations and yesterday my phone
rings and it's my my app called calling
and I I answer it and it's this young
man and he's and he succeeded by using
my app now what are the ads that he
would be doing affirmations specifically
to reach me and that I would be working
somewhere in the world to create an app
that allows you to reach people like me
without having my contact information so
he actually got on a live video call
with me and neither of us exchanged any
contact information because that's what
the app does it lets you talk to people
just by who they are not not their
contact
information so he uh he had probably one
of the most
unusual um affirmations and it came in
it worked for him so that was kind of
cool but I also got to talk to a number
of people who uh who were help helping
me fill in some you know blanks in my
knowledge about climate change and the
the uh the mystery just keeps getting
deeper and deeper I will tell you the
preliminarily I'm still on the fence as
to whether climate change is either real
or we need to worry
about uh I would say here here's my
current prediction is that the uh the
Skeptics if you and I'm not talking
about any individual skeptic because
some of the Skeptics are stronger than
others right some of them are pretty
solid and some of them are a little
flaky I would say that the the skeptical
Community the ones who are skeptical
about climate science
risk are at least 70%
 meaning that a lot of it like
um the correlation between the Sun and
the temperature is so easily disproved
by the scientists that it's it's just
amazing that it still comes up so I
would say that 70% of what the Skeptics
say is clearly and fairly easily
dismissed the rest might also be untrue
but it's harder to dismiss in other
words it's credible and it's solid and
they show their work and I don't see the
response to it right so in that case in
that sense it's credible I would say on
the climate alarm
side that without being a scientist it's
hard to know what is credible and what
is not but at least 20% of everything
the climate scientists say as a group
not as an individual but as a group
appears to be at least 20%
Which Still Still leaves a solid 80%
that would completely you know uh
confirm their Theory but there's about
20% of it that just doesn't seem
believable at all now some of what
doesn't seem believable to me has been
filtered through the Skeptics so it may
be that I'm I'm hearing a biased
presentation but I'll I'll give you one
example and I want you to fact check me
on this so I'm not presenting this as
true I'm presenting this as one of the
many things that puzzle me because the
two sides are just saying opposite same
things is it
true that
um the I'm why am I blanking out on the
name of the hockey stick
remind me in the comments here what's
the name of the hockey stick uh graph
guy why am I forgetting him it's not
Hansen it's not man yes Michael
man so one of the skeptical claims and I
have a hard time believing this is true
so I'm not going to present this as true
I'm going to present it as a skeptical
claim that I want you to fact check me
on and the skeptical claim is that
um that there was a a gap in the let's
say temperature records or the
temperature records were not reliables
for a certain period and then Michael
man adjusted for that period where the
other ways of measuring temperature were
not good by using uh an analysis of tree
rings so we used tree rings to fill in a
gap in the temperature record now so far
and I think I mentioned that there were
other tree ring experts who said he
didn't do it right but you know there's
always that so so far you know there
there's a flag raised about how good
that is but we're not we don't have a
solid opinion yet and then the other
part of the skeptical claim is that the
tree rings don't match the actual
measured
temperatures that we have currently in
other words if you look at the tree
rings for the period where we don't have
good measurements measurements if you
like then you know that's the best you
can do is so you fill it in but right
now the skeptical argument is that the
tree rings clearly don't match the
temperatures in other words there's no
cor the correlation isn't good enough to
use them as a temperature
proxy is it
true that Michael man used tree rings to
fill in a period where they didn't have
good measurements in the history and is
it also true and this is the important
part that he stopped using them as a
proxy because it became clear that they
don't match the the more modern readings
of temperature true or
false because if it's true it tells you
a lot and if it's false it tells you
that the Skeptics are just making stuff
up and I don't know the answer to
that somebody's making a bold prediction
and they're saying that I will
eventually come down on the side of
climate
alarm I don't know you know here's the
interesting thing and I hope I hope you
know me well enough by now because
you've been most of you have watched me
for a while now I hope you know me well
enough to know that if I tell you I'm
not sure which way this is going to go
that I really mean that I mean I really
mean I really don't know what my opinion
on climate change will be in one year I
really don't know um my preliminary
feeling is that the
the our abil here I'll give you a
preliminary um
reading it seems to me that our ability
to measure accurately
enough sea level and temperature
historically couldn't possibly be good
enough
and but I realize that when I say that
um I sound like a uh what a trite or
something uh because it it act that
statement sounds like oh you don't
believe science can do it somebody gave
me the argument
recently that uh that our satellites
even decades ago could read the date on
a dime on Earth so if a satellite can
read the date on a dime certainly you
can can measure measure the temperature
and and the sea level to which I say Can
it can it really because it seems to me
that the Earth has a lot of has a lot of
variation the ocean has a lot of
variation I'm just not so sure that we
can measure those things from space now
if you tell me that the satellites are
pretty good at measuring the the lower
troposphere I think I would find that in
the believable range it feels to me you
know as a non-scientist like yeah that's
what you're trying to do probably do
that uh but I'm not ruling out the
scientists actually can measure the
temperature that well now one of the
things that causes great uh conflict is
looking at the the map if you've seen
the the map of the globe with a DOT for
where we have uh physical measurements
it turns out that they're they're vastly
concentrated in the United
States now it turns out and I may have
this part wrong too because this is a
skeptical claim so you have to fact
check me on everything on this topic um
the claim is that apparently the
temperature in the United States which
is the only one that has really really
good measuring devices that go back a
number of decades
doesn't show the warming have you heard
that have you heard that the only place
that we have really good measuring
devices is
coincidentally the only place it's not
getting
warm because I believe that's the
claim and I had to dig pretty hard to
get to that but I'm still not sure it's
true because I think there's also some
issue of
there was maybe some uh adjustments to
the data to may maybe make it look you
not not like it's schooling and I think
the argument was that sure sure there
might be one region where things are not
so bad but it could be really bad in
other regions and I I was just looking
at one of those skeptical Mac uh
skeptical maps on um Tony hel's site the
uh the Steve G Gard under his pen name
anyway I was just looking at one of his
tweets and one of his maps and it showed
that uh it showed the difference between
what the actual temperatures were and
what what the official people say and
it's very different and but here was the
interesting thing it showed that there
was uh unusual warming in just different
parts of the world so it told the story
of yeah the Earth is is warming on
average but it's not warming up like you
know it's not warming everywhere in the
same way some places are actually cooler
you know not as many so a few places are
cooler but other places are warmer but
then you look at where it got extra
warm and and the places that it was
getting extra warm were places like
Northern Russia you know up up where the
one place in the world you'd want it to
be extra
warm is the place that's getting warm so
the the other thing that I don't see as
an argument is um what's wrong with
what's wrong with the coldest places on
Earth getting warmer if the warmest
places on Earth are staying the
same because that's largely what was
happening so the the map didn't show for
example it didn't show that Death Valley
was you know going to be 200° it just
showed that the places that are already
pretty Frozen are are warming up now if
the problem is that the warming up of
those places that really could use a
little
warming if the problem is that it'll
melt the ice and the sea level will
rise I'm just not sure that's the
biggest problem in the world it's a big
problem for certain
places and you know you can't discount
that but I've got a feeling that 98% of
the world well let let me ask you this
what percentage of the population of the
world lives on the coast
I don't know the answer to
that might be pretty high
huh um but if you if you're talking
about near the coast it's very high but
the number that are let's say close
enough to the O ocean to be in big
trouble somebody says 95% are near the
ocean but how many are so near the ocean
that they would be impacted by climate
change
because that's a that's a very different
question because poor people don't have
homes on the
beach right those are mostly hotels and
stuff
so yeah if how big of a problem is it if
1% of the Earth had to relocate over 80
years and it was mostly the rich
people um but there would be defin ly
some poor places where it would be a
problem if if the if the water level is
going
up
um check evacuation info on hurricanes
yeah yeah I'm not saying that there
wouldn't be plenty
of poor areas as as well but is it is it
you know keep in mind that the the
rising sea level is not going to rise
like you know in an
afternoon because uh literally over 80
years it's like an entire lifetime you
know if if the only thing that happened
are the children of the people who live
on the coast moved away I think about
this if the only change was that the
children of the people who live in the
coast decide not to continue living on
the
coast in 80
years there's nobody left on the
coast a few senior
citizens um lots of military bases yeah
they can be
moved have we talked about toxic
male ma uh toxic
masculinity I have not talked about that
um I will I will the the way that I've
talked about it is uh it is increasingly
clear that the the power of women in
society is is increasing at an
increasing rate and that it seems to be
expressed primarily in the um in the
Democrat party is at this point is
really the party of women you know if
you look at Pelosi and Schumer it just
doesn't feel like Schumer
matters I mean it honestly doesn't he
matters because of his job but it just
feels like Pelosi's in charge doesn't it
it feels like a uh a
woman's sort of a woman's party at this
point um I'm not sure what is the what
is too much
masculinity you know the the trouble is
when you argue about stuff like toxic
masculinity it all really depends on
specific situations so it's hard to make
some kind of general statement about it
but you know in any given
situation
um I guess you could argue it
out now I do
wonder do I I've I've wondered if I've
said this before and I don't mean this
as a joke but I'll just put this out
here as uh something I would love to
know the answer to so I'm not I'm not
saying this is true I'm just saying it's
something I'd like to know the answer to
apparently we do know that uh men are
losing their uh
testosterone so I think that part's true
that uh testosterone levels in men are
dropping now I don't know if that's in
every culture and in every country but I
but I'm sure it's true in the United
States and I would say that in my
lifetime uh it feels obvious to me
does it feel obvious to you also that
testosterone levels in males are
dropping or have dropped in my lifetime
anyway do do others of you see that to
be true because I can't tell you know I
think the
popular probably the the popular
understanding of that is that men are
becoming more enlightened if you ask a
woman what's happening in the world I
think
let's say a feminist they would probably
say well men are finally becoming more
enlightened so they're you know treating
women as their equal Partners now
they're taking responsibility for child
care you know they're they're they're
becoming more equal Partners so there
there's certainly a way to describe it
where it's all
good um but I don't think that what's
happening is that men are making a
mental decision about what's the best
way to organize the world and then they
say I think I'll fit into this slot I
don't know that that's happening I think
what might be happening is that their
testosterone is low and that causes them
to make different decisions than if it
were high and again you don't have to
put a value judgment on this it could be
that they less trouble they less less
abusive less likely to cheat you it
might be that lower testosterone is just
what Society needs or it might be just
what you know is safer for women it's
hard to know what's the plus and the
minus here because it's it's unevenly
distributed um but the other possibility
and I would like to present this the
other possibility is that the lifestyle
that makes your testosterone rise is not
the current
lifestyle for example if you are male
let me ask you this this is a question
just for the men watching men only
answer this
question when you spend time around kids
typically your own kids I'm hoping but
when you spend time around children do
you not feel your testosterone going
down like actually feeling that your
aggressiveness even your sex drive drop
precipitously if you put me in a room
with a bunch of kids my sex drive goes
from 10 where it's normally nailed to
gone it's a
complete right yeah now it's also true
that men are spending more time around
children because in the old days you
know the the guy worked all day and he
came home and had a beer and went
bowling and went to sleep and you know
his his spouse was taking care of the
kids but now if you know if you go to
the mall today and you see a couple with
a
child who who is the one who's got the
baby beorn thing on you know the baby is
always attached to the man right and the
man is pushing the uh the baby carriage
now it makes sense because in all
likelihood the man may have done less of
that during the week and now it's the
weekend so he's he's you know jumping in
doing his part nothing wrong with that
you know if you're going to get married
you're you got to be a partner right so
there's nothing wrong with the the
situation I'm not criticizing it
I'm just saying that there is a
natural I believe a natural reflex for a
ordinary non
pedophilia male that when they spend
time with children their testosterone
plummets and so I think that might be it
so I don't know what his cause and what
his effect I will tell you that I tried
recently to see how much soy I could get
out of my life so I said to myself hey I
don't want this I don't want soy in my
body because it you know mimics some
hormones and I I just don't think it's a
good idea for men to have soy in their
bodies now not speaking necessarily in a
scientific way this is one of those
risks which if I can easily remove
it um I will even if it turns out the
risk was Zero you know should I know
more but since I don't know the risk of
soy and I have reason to suspect it
might you know change my temperament or
my Effectiveness or my joy of life in
what some way just because I suspect it
if I can I'm going to get it out of my
life but I started looking at um
ingredients in food do you know how many
ingredients I'm sorry do you know how
many foods packaged Foods this is so
anything in a can or a package any
frozen food do you know how many things
have soy in them that freaking soy is
everywhere man you try to buy um salad
dressing that doesn't have soy in it I
don't even know if you can at at my
local Safeway I went down I write down
the list I was going to buy I was going
to buy whatever salad dressing did not
have soy that was just my only filter
couldn't find one they all had soy in
them so there's probably two things
going on one is that I think our food is
reducing
testosterone and two I think that our
lifestyle is putting us in situations
where men are less competitive spending
more time in a Cooperative way spending
more time around children especially and
I think there's just a natural um you
know genetic reflex to to lower your
testosterone when it would be a problem
so you know if if a man is always going
hunting and killing and and defending
the tribe and stuff probably
testosterone is pretty high all the
time all
right that's enough for today I'm going
to close it on this we've covered
everything from immigration to Soy I
think we're complete I'll talk to you
later