but a bumpin bumpin bumpin bone Joanne
you're always on time Stefan mAb Deb
whatever that means
come on in here Happy Thanksgiving to
all of you while you're coming in I'm
gonna start with my first thing I'm
thankful for by turning my camera around
if you look out that window
you're gonna see something that you
haven't seen before which is the air
around me is breathable tada
it's good news it's been over a week
since we've been a left ok I mean in a
healthy sense what is the air quality
let's ask my phone Oh
so 19 I guess that's a measure of how
many particles per whatever in the air
so it's 19 now it was over 200 a few
days ago and over 200 you know you don't
even let the dog go outside to take a
poop that's there's some dangerous stuff
although I did but it was dangerous yes
the rain the rain helped us so let us
drink to the rain and and let us have
the simultaneous sip Thanksgiving
version join me will you
I'll give everybody a minute some of you
are with your relatives tell the
relatives to gather around and watch
what you've been watching all year
except this is the bad version because
it's the holiday version and then your
relatives will look at it and they'll
say um I don't get why you watch this
he's just drinking coffee and babbling
it's gonna be a mystery to them but
maybe a few of them will become hooked
on the simultaneous if join your join me
now grab your cup your mug your glass
your vessel your Stein
your chalice get it ready fill it with
your favorite beverage I like coffee and
join me for the simultaneous scepter Oh
I would like to say to start off that I
am thankful to all of you all of my
regular and irregular viewers of these
periscopes I have to tell you that there
are many days in which the time I spend
doing this with all of you if some of my
some of my best men's of the day it's
something I enjoy the most I look
forward to it every time I do it and I
think this is really one of the things
that's different about the the periscope
the whole periscope thing is somehow I
figured out how to get rid of all the
bad parts of presenting yourself to a
big audience so here here all the bad
parts the bad parts about presenting to
big audiences our travel arrangements
you know showing up on time I don't even
do this at the same time every day
if I want to throw it in then you have
to do or skip a day I just I just do it
but most of the time it's around 7 a.m.
Pacific so I've gotten rid of all the
planning then I don't worry about what
I'm wearing I literally do this in
whatever clothes I have on
so most days you see me in whatever I
slept with it slept in the night before
so when you see me in like uh huh my
t-shirts it's usually I just woke up in
that t-shirt so I've gotten rid of the
travel the clothing the the timeliness
and I also got rid of most of the
preparation because what I do is I talk
about what's new and I usually have an
opinion as soon as I hear the news so I
don't really have to prepare you know I
usually take some notes before I do
these but they're just you know bullet
points of what my topics are so I don't
forget the topic
so I got that going for me then
have you noticed have you ever tried to
watch any other periscopes you probably
have right you've probably tried