good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams there's
never been a better time in your life
and if you'd like to take it up to
levels that people can't even understand
well all you need for that is a cuper
and mugger a glass of tanker cheler
Stein a kinen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopa Bean the
end of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and happens now
go savor it savor
it good that was some good sipping I'd
like to compliment all of you who
participated for your excellent sipping
talents well I have a theme for today's
show and the theme
is is it my
imagination or has wokeness totally
jumped the
shark now if you don't recognize that
American TV reference Jumping the Shark
is a reference to a originally a
reference to a TV show they had a
ridiculous plot Happy Days was the name
of the TV show where one of the
characters would be water skiing foni
was the character and he would jump off
a some kind of a ramp water skiing and
he would jump over a
shark now since the show was usually on
the stage in the set you know just doing
funny things became you know huge huge
hit but after a while the good writers
move on so I don't know if you know this
this is why all good TV shows eventually
fail
uh let's see if you know this the reason
a great TV show
fails pretty much all of them is that if
you get a job as a writer for a top
number one show you're going to get a
nice paycheck so of course the the best
writers would try to work at the best
shows but once you've worked at the best
show for a year you can get a much
bigger paycheck somewhere else so it's
basically a way to you know siphon The
Good the good writers through the good
show but almost immediately to a higher
pay paying job for some new show that
you know needs somebody who's got that
experience and
credibility so the the nature of the
model is that any good show should
attract good writers but over time
they're going to be moving out too fast
and it should be self-destructive anyway
that's just on the
side but it seems to me that uh and so
the the jump the shark thing means that
a formally good thing went too far it it
just became too ridiculous to even work
anymore that's what Jumping the Shark
means so you tell me if we've reached
that point in my opinion now keeping in
mind I see a certain amount of uh right
leaning uh Media stuff on the internet
so I probably see more of that than
anything else but in my experience at
least
90% of all the stories in the wokeness
domain from racism to trans to
everything else 90% of the news stories
are treated as
jokes true true or
not in the beginning of the wokeness
trend there would be two sides to every
story but both sides would treat it
seriously right so the woke people would
say hey we have this serious issue and
then if you thought that was you know
too far or something you'd say hey what
are you doing to our society or you know
you seem to be ruining the you know
something that was good about what
worked before but it was basically two
serious
conversations but as the wokeness became
more
extreme it became harder and harder to
hold your frame that any of this was
serious because it no longer looked like
serious people it looked like you know
the slippery slope just things went too
too far and it just jumped the shark let
me give you some examples apparently the
daily
wire uh just finished a movie that's a
comedy that's going to make fun of trans
athletes yeah the ones born male and and
uh doing sports as a
woman now did you see that coming I did
not see that coming I I didn't know they
were working on it but apparently it's
looks like it's done
now when was the last time you saw any
comedy seriously when was the last time
you went to see a comedy at a movie
theater I don't even remember uh
honestly this is not a joke I actually
don't
remember I think it's been
years five years perhaps I think at
least five years since I thought there
was a movie in a theater that was worth
going to a theater for and it's not just
because I like to watch everything at
home it's like I haven't even been
tempted but uh this will be interesting
I'll probably watch it the daily wires
movie I don't know what the name of it
is but you'll hear a lot about it so
that's my evidence number one that
wokeness has now completely turned into
a a joke
content is far more likely to be a joke
than to be a serious
conversation let me see you text me
early in the morning
my uh my college just texted me to ask
me to uh give them
money how do you think that's going to
go no I'm not going to give money to a
college do you know I I'm not going to
give money to a college now this is my
undergraduate college a heart Weck
college and I don't really even know
what they're up to but I guarantee they
they're racist as hell I don't even have
to
check I don't even need to check am I
right would you agree that a uh a
liberal arts college in Upstate New York
would you agree that I don't need to
check to see if they've gone too far I
don't need to check no they're asking me
for money do you know how I treat
that literally as a
joke am I right yeah as I'm talking
about how wokeness has become a joke
when my Elma Mo Harwick College contacts
me in the middle of my in the middle of
my statements to ask for money I just
think well that's funny a as if I would
give them
money as if there's not there's not the
slightest chance of
that all right uh in other news to back
up this claim that wokeness has jumped
the
um I don't know if this is true but I
saw on the internet a claim without a
good source that said that there's a
study that says if your business gets
labeled racist on Yelp A year later your
business will be
up
apparently the the claim and I'm not
positive this is true but it sounds true
because it kind of works in my head so
I'm kind of I'm kind of biased where
thinking is true but I don't know for
sure
that makes sense to me because I I think
the people who read a story about a
business being
racist don't really care because it's
like one one incident and you know maybe
they just want their coffee so they're
not they don't care but I could
definitely see people who think that
wokeness has gone too far to say all
right I'm going to support that business
I had I hadn't even thought about them
before but I think I'll go there twice
this week I can see that
and and when you read the story that uh
and again if is true I can't guarantee
this is true but if it's true that uh
that Yelp labeling somebody a racist
company increases their
business isn't that kind of
funny am I wrong like when you hear that
story you like that's kind of
funny like what no matter what you think
about the the base situation it's just
funny that it doesn't work out out the
way you'd think it would right so
everything about this topic is literally
the fod for a humorous movie or you read
it you go okay that's kind of
funny um we'll get to some more of those
but uh let's talk about some other
news uh thanks to uh Owen for all these
little scientific uh tidbits that I see
on X um so there's an alcohol addiction
drug parade apps now it's too soon to
know but in the course of testing
something for something some people at
the University of Oklahoma and Oklahoma
State University they uh found that
something called
semaglutide
semaglutide turns out they were testing
it for something else but as a side
effect the people taking it dramatically
reduced their alcohol consumption which
wasn't the subject of the test and now
they say hey maybe we should do a big
test on this and see if it works imagine
that I don't I don't think it'll work if
I had the bat I would probably I would
place a large bat against it cuz it's
it's a little bit too good you know when
you hear when you hear that you know
cancer has been cured by something that
sounds too good to be true it's probably
too good to be true probably not true so
this one's probably in the too good to
be true category and it was only I think
there were only six people that they
looked at so six people is by no means
telling you that it works or that it's
safe but if all six people dramatically
reduce their alcohol intake I wouldn't
ignore
it it's not proof but I wouldn't ignore
six out of
six all right uh there's a new Chinese
app just what we need a new app that's
uh getting tons of downloads and
apparently what does is it creates these
little
dramas that run for like a
minute but but there are lots of them so
they they form a body of work after a
while and and they're really cheesy and
they're like little soap operas with Bad
actors overacting in a soap opera way
but apparently middle-aged women just
love this thing so it's it's got
millions of downloads it's called Uh
real
short real as in two EAS e e real
short and just so you know it's coming
now my question is
this these little soap
operas they have one thing in common to
make it a dramatic soap opera you have
to have people really dysfunctional you
know people are cheating and you know
that that baby doesn't belong to you and
you know all that stuff do you think all
of that works against let's say
traditional
families do do you think watching uh
continuous content showing people
cheating on their spouses and you know
every manner of bad
behavior I I feel like it's not exactly
a good message and then it makes me
wonder
huh so Tik Tock got to the younger the
younger kids and China owns you know at
least could control it if they want to
so that would give China the user
interface to control the minds of our
young
people now they have a similarly
addictive app that's aim directly at
older women older as in you know the
mid-range is that a
coincidence or is that part of a plan to
to weave their content around the brains
of Americans so that they can tweak it
as they need
to you know Elon Musk does the best job
of calling out the fact that our big
problem is uh
underpopulation do you think that this
app will cause people to want to form
families and have children or is it
going to make is it going to make it
look like just a you know a landmine if
you even get in a
relationship I feel if you watch enough
content where people have bad
relationships that's going to have a
have an impact on you so I would be
worried about second uh front in China's
ability to control our
minds that's
real well going back to my category of
uh wokeness Jumping the Shark turns out
that Jewish students are suing my other
Elma Mater is it Elma Mater or Elma
moer modder
right Elma
m m okay my Elma m
Berkeley so uh months ago I disavowed
Berkeley for being a racist college so I
didn't want to have anything to do with
them and if I knew where my diploma was
i' set it on fire because uh I feel
embarrassed to be associated with
Berkeley literally literally
embarrassed and uh now Jewish groups are
suing Berkeley for what they claim is
you know just an contr control
anti-jewish
um policy
I guess there are some groups that don't
allow Jewish people to
join
what what there's some student groups
that forbid Jewish people from joining
them I I mean just hold that in your
head for a
second anyway now obviously these groups
are you know special purpose groups or
whatever so they would say no it's not
about anti-jewish it's more about who's
in so it's not about who's out you know
it's about having a club for
ourselves but the effect of it might be
to uh just be purely racist so uh to me
I think it's funny that the most liberal
college in the world is being sued by
its Jewish students for being
racist isn't that funny to me that's
funny it It's like you know uh all good
things go to eventually because
good intentions always turn into
horrible
things um
anyway here's a here's a irony of the
simulation if we live in a simulation
clearly was made by people with a sense
of humor who
keep you yanking away the the dollar
bill we find on the sidewalk it's like
oh there's a dollar on the sidewalk and
you you lean over to pullet and there's
a string on it and Y it away here's
another one uh as you know
semiconductors are beginning to reach a
limit to how much more you can do with
silicon and and the common materials but
there are new materials that are being
considered so it turns out there is one
material that is really really good for
um for microcomputers semiconductors uh
for semiconductors and it's
a it's a
diamond it's diamond
seriously
seriously the the one thing we need that
would be you know the thing that's
better than the thing we're using
Diamond could you
be any more
inconvenient like what could be
worse I literally can't think of
anything that would be worse than
finding out the only way we'll be able
to keep up with with China is with
diamonds so uh well you know maybe we
can lab grow them I suppose some version
of
them yeah anyway it's just ironic that
the the most expensive thing in the
world it's probably not but well maybe
it is are diamonds the most expensive by
weight is that a true statement they're
not the most expensive by weight anymore
what would be most expensive by weight
rubies Emerald not gold definitely not
gold saffron uranium oh maybe uranium
yeah
maybe all right according to unusual
Wales account on X China has launched
the fastest internet 1.2 terabits per
second it can transmit 150 movies that
are 4K
movies in one
second 150 movies that are 4K you know
the real dense
ones in 1
second that's pretty
awesome now that does uh certainly open
up a question whether there's a
Strategic Benefit to
that is is that something that we need
to catch up with right away because I I
wonder I wonder if you had this internet
speed and you attached it to one of
these hedge funds that tries to do
automated trading you know when they
find small errors and the whole secret
of the hedge fund they literally put
their uh I think this is still true the
the hedge fund would literally put their
data center physically as close as
possible to whatever they're interacting
with you know to trade because that
distance would give them you know a
millionth of a microsc advantage over
everybody else so they can front run
trades
but what if you got this 1.2 terabit
thing you know I don't know does that
give them some Advantage I don't know uh
I I think not because it would have to
be 1 Point ter 1.2 terabit all the way
so might not help him if you're in a
different country I don't
know but uh that's fun I think that has
more to do with uh virtual
reality uh correct me if I'm wrong but
the limit for something like meta to
transmit you know realistic looking
images like you're in a 3D World the
limit is the transmission right it's not
the
computer and it's not the limit of the
software am I right about that it's just
a transmission
limit well let me explain to you how the
transmission limit could be gamed you
ready let's say you want to transmit I
think they're already doing this by the
way but it's it's a fun technical fact
suppose you wanted to uh send my image
in 4k a full 3d looking image to appear
on your computer at a distance and not
have any
lag there's a way to do that if you were
to send a refreshed screen of every
position I'm in you know your internet
would choke especially if there are
other characters in the scene but if you
take one really good image of me and
then you only transmit the
changes the other side can recreate me
without a full picture of me being
transmitted for example if if the
receiving side already had a full model
of me and then I took my hand and I went
like this uh it could use AI on its end
to say well I I know what that would
look like if his head looks like this
here and he moves up here it's still G
to look like the hand
I'll just recreate it as if it had been
transmitted but the only thing being
transmitted is the coordinate changes
you know where where your fingers are so
it'd be like the end of my fingertip it
knows that it was here but now it's here
so it just fills in fills in the rest so
uh we we already have a
technology that can get around um a lot
of speed
limitations Scott look at what Elon said
on your Tweet
uhoh did did Elon just say something on
a tweet of
mine all right we're going to stop and
look at that cuz because I'll be far too
curious what should I look up look up
Elon and then look at his
comments all right let's see what he
replied it's probably a reply right is a
reply you could have just told me what
he said oh my woke
tweet all right I'll look at my woke
tweet all right find
me all right let's see what he
said uh about wokeness jumping
shark oh yeah so five minutes ago Elon
Musk so here was my tweet so it's
basically the theme of the show I I uh
posted that it feels like wokeness has
totally jumped the shark 90% of the
stories in that domain are being treated
as jokes and then I said balance will be
restored and Elon replied indeed woke is
a laughing stock at this
point H have you
noticed how useful Elon Musk is in um
moving the needle on everything it it's
it's hard to find any cat category
that's interesting that he isn't the
most important voice in
it because you know if if Scott says you
know wokeness is jump the shark you know
maybe it makes some content for my show
maybe maybe you repost it but if musk
says
it by tonight it could be a
headline right like I wouldn't be
surprised if you know Fox News covers
this as a story because he's said it you
know they wouldn't cover it if I said it
it it's amazing how useful he is in in
pushing energy toward one point of view
because certainly it would be good if
everybody started thinking oh wokeness
is the funny stuff like it's just a joke
and musk is saying it directly yeah it's
basically a joke so that helps thank you
for alerting me to
that anyway
um Hunters uh agreed to
testify um and allow it to be a public
hearing and so his lawyers have said on
um on the 13th of December he'll he'll
be in a closed door deposition now you
probably ask yourself why would hunter
wanted to be
public like wouldn't you think that
everything about that he would want to
be you know lowkey so
that well there are two possibilities
one possibility is that his defense or
whatever he plans to say is so strong
that it would be better to put that out
there than to have people wonder what
happened that might be but I have
another
theory I think that uh Hunter was high
and his lawyer called him and and they
had a bad connection and the lawyer said
uh Hunter the committee is asking about
a closed door closed door you want to be
closed door closed meeting or an
unclosed
meeting and Hunter thought he said
closed and so Hunter said well no I
don't I don't want
clothes I don't want to wear any clothes
have you seen his selfies it's funni if
you've seen the Selfies he doesn't like
clothes when he's with a group of people
you put several people in a in a room
with Hunter the first thing he does is
take off his clothes right
I
mean margerie Taylor Green's going to be
in the room the guy's going to start
stripping he's going to be Lauren BT wow
right he's just going to start shedding
those clothes so I think it was just a
misunderstanding between
closed and
clothed I think that's all that's all it
was that's just a guess it's just a
guess well um Biden is apparently going
to use or talking about using the
defense production act to make sure that
our Pharma products get made in the US
which is a big problem uh because we
it's hard for us first of all it's hard
for the United States to do
manufacturing apparently but it would
take a long time to bring everything
back and then we'd still be dependent on
you know maybe the base materials even
if we manufactured here we still have to
get our base materials from a
potentially unfriendly country so he's
going to use the defense production act
which gives the president extra powers
and money to you know Force things to
happen quickly um I'm going to surprise
you on this one I'm 100% behind
this anybody
disagree I'm 100% behind it
and I think Trump would have done it I
think V ramaswami might have done it I
don't
know but this feels like me to me this
feels
right
100% And you know for th for those of
you who Wonder would I ever say anything
good about a Democrat or Biden if they
did something that you know clearly made
sense yes this clearly makes sense in my
opinion now the execution could be
botched you know because it's a
government but yeah I back this 100%
this should not even be about politics
um well there's a story I saw in a Joe
Pompano
post um about Sports Illustrated
apparently Sports Illustrated bought or
created these AI generated head shots so
it looked like uh real human beings were
writing articles that in fact were
written by AI but Sports illustrat was
trying to pass them off you know with a
fake picture as if a human had done it
now when they got called down about it
they just deleted the
content
um but here's the interesting part of
the story two parts that are interesting
number one it's kind of interesting that
they tried to get away with it because
imagine how much money they could save
if they ran opinion Pieces by robots and
people thought they were human and
they're like oh okay good
opinion but here's what I think they had
to get rid of it immediately upon
realizing it was fake even though they
could have said you know you caught us
uh so we're going to label these as AI
but we're still going to keep the
pictures and you know we think it's fun
to do AI
opinions that's if people had liked the
AI
opinions I believe this is more of what
um I'm going to call the Adams rule of
AI
art if if you're the first one to say
you get to name it after yourself that's
how it works the Adams law of AI art and
it goes like this AI generated art which
would include writing and include
opinion that's art uh will not be
interesting to humans if they know it's
AI generated and I've said this before
but just summarizing uh I believe our
appreciation of art has a little bit to
do with the quality of the art but a lot
to do with what you assume about the
talent of the person who created it
meaning that the art and the artist are
the same you're you're you're triggering
of what makes you say whoa look at that
art is not the art that's not what
triggers you so art by itself is just
dead it just sits there no matter how
well it's done no matter how well it's
done it's just dead and it sits there
until your
brain says how did a human make that
wow a human made that and what you're
reacting to is the artist you're
reacting to the talent of the artist
which which is an extension of your
mating Instinct because we're we're
attracted to talent because that's a
tell for somebody with good genes any
kind of talent and art is the way you
express your talent so the Adams rule of
AI art states that as soon as the
audience knows it's AI AI they will lose
interest via the mating Instinct being
you know taken out of the taken out of
the
conversation you think I'm
wrong do you think I'm
wrong here's my summary of that argument
you ready here's the summary if AI had
created the Mona
Lisa and you knew it was
AI the Mona Lisa's total value
would be a
nickel nobody would buy the mon
Lisa everything about the mo Lisa is
about the
artist right it's all about the artist
how about a van
go who would buy a vanau if they thought
it had been randomly generated by
AI the thing that makes vanau so
interesting is probably because he had
mental problems but when you look at it
you say how like how did that come out
of a human mind like what what extra is
going on in there in this case it wasn't
an advantage
maybe yeah all right um and then imagine
Modern Art you know we all laugh about
the modern art it's like it'll be a big
white canvas and a like a pickle or a
soup can and you'll say that's not art
you know I don't love looking at that
that's just you put something in the
middle now
and yet people pay a lot of money for it
but imagine that AI made that art
imagine if AI did The Soup cans that
anti waral did how how many AI generated
Soup cans would you buy how about zero
yeah zero because there's no artist
involved so just watch for that and I
believe it will be in every form of art
from opinion writing visual art musical
every form I think it will be the same
now uh when I said this online a uh
another user of the xplatform asked me
the following question which is a pretty
good
question says well if if you believe
that it's all about the meing Instinct
and that people aren't going to be
attracted to
AI Scott how do you
explain that there are AI uh models
within the um what's it called uh only
fans did you see how I pretended I
didn't know what it was called what
what's it called it's like only fans or
something
yeah never heard of it so actually I
don't use it believe it or
not but um so how could it be true the
Adams rule of AI art if in fact people
are making money with AI generated
porn is that a good question
question here was my
response por is not
art por is not exactly
art and and here's what I mean yeah and
you're going to say to yourself but
Scott it is it is a form of Art here's
where the art happens the art happens in
your head losing connection
here do you think YouTube's sending me
like a warning shot or
something might be a warning shot like
don't talk about this topic oh cuz kids
are watching or something maybe it's
because kids could watch is that why or
did locals oh locals glitch too what
when locals glitches I can't see it on
my end because it was
continuous so maybe it was the internet
all right but my point was that the art
happens in your
imagination right because there's
actually not much
are involved in watching two people do
the same thing that you watch two other
people do the day before and two other
people the day before it's kind of the
same you know half dozen things they're
doing it's not exactly
art but um in your head it is so the
Arts in your head but I would also argue
that it's there's a good chance that the
AI
generated porn may
disappear I think there's a novelty
effect if if I were in the um AI
business like a tacky and I and I heard
that there was uh you know only fans had
a successful model that was really
making money and people liked it I would
probably sign up just to see
it I would do that I mean literally I
would do that without the sexual
interest I would see how good it is now
I did the same thing with the app that
gives you a digital
girlfriend like I didn't think I was
going to have a digital girlfriend for
the rest of my life but I really want to
experience it because I want to feel
like you know what does the future look
like with this AI stuff so some of it
novelty all right
gp4 AI for radiology is as good as
doctors
now so uh if you're looking at a
radiology Imaging you know of some
internal part of your body um apparently
the AI can find the pattern meaning it
can find the fault in the image whatever
is wrong with you as well as a doctor
now now what
happens when you fast forward one year
and it becomes common knowledge that the
AI is better than a human doctor and
let's say the AI says it looks like you
have a tumor but the experienced doctor
looks at the same image and says I don't
think so I don't think that is a tumor
so I wouldn't operate because you know
the operation is dangerous but the AI is
saying yeah yeah that's a tumor which
which would indicate you know you got to
operate immediately so what's the doctor
going to
do uh here's what I worry about I worry
that the doctor will have to agree with
the AI because to do otherwise would be
risking a lawsuit so the doctor is going
to say I don't think you should operate
but if the AI says you should and it
turns out I'm wrong you're going to die
and then your lawyer your family's
lawyer is going to say the the AI told
you to operate and you also know the AI
is better than humans why did you
override the AI when the AI is the
superior diagnostic
tool you see what I'm saying I think the
doctor just becomes like the dog that uh
you know guards the
machine you you you know the old joke
about um what is it the there's an
airplane that's so advanced in flying
itself
that there only you know you only need
two people to fly it you need a pilot
and you need a
dog and the the job of the dog is to
make sure the pilot doesn't touch
anything that's the joke so it's going
to be like that the doctors are going to
have to agree with AI or just get suit
and then why do you need a doctor pretty
soon doctoring becomes either just pure
research or something I don't know it's
going to be
interesting well here's an update on
Alex Soros uh I already talked about
this but there's a community no added to
make it more fun so Alex Soros as you
know is has taken over for his dad
George Soros in the in the Soros funds
and giving out the charity money Etc and
you also know that um he gets a lot of
heat the Soros is do for funding uh the
the campaigns for Progressive Das who
like not prosecute a lot of uh lesser
crimes and it's making the cities look
unlivable because of the unprosecuted
crimes but Alex Soros uh defending
himself he posted uh uh where are murder
rates actually higher and he says not in
Progressive cities and he linked to an
article that said that um
conservative um rural
areas have you know increasing murder
rates and um inner cities that might be
run by democrats you know maybe not as
much so he compared the conservative
rural places to the Democrat run cities
and said hey it's not much worse than
the city so why are you you know why are
you bothering
me now as I as I uh reposted him with a
quote um I pointed out that the only
reason you would compare a rural place
to a city is if you're trying to hide
the impact of your policies does that
sound fair because it's such an obvious
wrong
comparison the only reason you would do
an obviously wrong comparison is if
you're trying to hide something or or
you're trying to make something look
true that's not true I guess that would
be the other
way all right and then and then I went
on to explain that you should compare
cities the cities you know Democrat run
to Republican run and you you should
compare rural to rural to the extent
that they're you know any liberal run
rural areas uh there must be
somewhere now I thought that was just
obvious and it and it also made me
wonder is the situation with Alex Soros
that he knows there's a problem and he
was intentionally using a misleading
comparison to cover over the
problem cuz I can't read his head I
can't read his mind so I don't know but
the other possibility is he really
didn't
know and and I think that's the stronger
possibility well let let me let me
develop
this how often do you
see uh super leftist stuff on the
xplatform I feel like I'm completely
shut out from it the only time I see
left leaving content is when somebody's
mocking it on the right and I didn't I
didn't turn off any you know I didn't
turn any knobs so I didn't see uh
Democrats like I want to see the
Democrats but but the algorithm has
locked me out now how about in person do
I see a lot of left leaning people in
person who would maybe correct me if I
had some wrong opinions because I'd only
seen one side of the issue I actually
don't I don't have any conversations
with people who disagree with me in
person I'm sure I'm sure there are
people who disagree with me but I don't
have any conversations about it you know
my daily life would be people who don't
care about politics at all let me say
that again I don't spend time with
people who care about politics at
all you should see me trying to talk
about my day hey how was your day
um whole bunch of things you don't care
about and I'm done that's my whole day
bunch of stuff that none of you care
about who you know I know well enough to
see in
person I think I have one or two friends
you know who engage in that content and
otherwise nobody cares so here's my
point imagine you're Alex
Soros how many staunch Republicans do
you encounter in person and have
meaningful conversations with I'm
guessing zero
would you argue with that I'm guessing
exactly zero so I think you could rule
out that anybody in person is saying you
know Alex maybe that thing you're
looking at is not the whole story or
have you consider this I don't think it
happens because it doesn't happen to
me and if it doesn't happen to me why
would it happen to him so I I because I
think my situation is normal you know
you just you just get closed off in your
little bubble and people don't want to
make trouble too
right people don't want to since Alex
sorus is Rich probably his friends who
maybe even do disagree with them a
little bit maybe they don't mention it
because they kind of like having a rich
friend that's a thing so I don't think
he hears any consenting opin desent no
any disagreeing opinions in person now
do you think he sees them in the
media how often is he reading
Breitbart zero how often does he spend
time on Fox
News
zero I'm guessing zero right how often
does he follow me on social media he
doesn't I follow him he doesn't follow
me so my best guess is he's actually has
no exposure whatsoever to a countering
argument that he would find stronger
than his own opinion and there are op
there are C arguments that are stronger
than his own
opinion a lot
stronger so um but here's the uh the
beauty of the story is that now he he
posted this thing he he might have
noticed that my account um countered
him because I have a million followers
remember I told you if I had a million
followers I could run the
world this is what I'm talking
about because the only way I could break
through that bubble is if my account is
big enough that somebody's going to
either mention it to him or he's going
to notice it on his own because it's a
big
account you need about a million people
to break through the bubble on the other
side and and then only sometimes like
you have to do your best work to like
get in there in any way but on top of
that um the community notes said so it
was added to the Soros uh post so
Community note says on X the five cities
with the highest murder rate and their
Mayors are and it goes you know St Louis
Baltimore New Orleans Detroit Cleveland
and they're all Democrats so the top
five murder cities are all
Democrats now the other thing I
criticized Alex's uh post was that
murder isn't really the big
question murder is the worst crime but
it's not the big question when we're
talking about the um liberal Das cuz
unless I'm wrong about this can you give
me a fact check on this Democrats don't
like murder do they I I think they're
opposed to murderers so I don't think
there's a giant difference between
Democrats and Republicans when it comes
to whether a murderer should be in jail
am I wrong about
that AR aren't they pretty close when it
comes to
murder CU nobody's disagreeing like well
maybe that murderer should get
bail I don't think so but all of the
other crimes the property crimes and the
the Lesser violence those are the ones
that really would show if you're looking
for what's the impact of a progressive
da so when Alex looks at murder rates
he's first of all looking in the wrong
box that's not where the problem would
be probably you know I would look there
too but I'm not looking to expect the
problem there so it's a version and if
he can get you to think that murder rate
is a key metric then he wins cuz it's
not the key metric it's the one you
should ignore the most
actually perhaps so now that they got a
community note and uh I think uh oh and
El Elon Musk actually weighed in on this
because the community note and he said
those who can't handle reality will
leave this platform uh due to community
notes
but the public will increasingly come to
realize this is still musk uh that X is
the best source of Truth causing our
user numbers to Rises the abandoned less
accurate sources of
information true true yeah and X is
rising in traffic so it's working
so so now there are three things that
happened with Alex's um four things
actually with Alex's post which are all
productive in my opinion
number one a a high high account you
know with a lot of traffic in mine
countered him in a way which if I may be
humble was really succinct and on
point so he could have noticed that
maybe not but he could have number
two um the community notes makes it a
bigger story so the odds that he got
fact checked by Community notes raises
again the odds that he
sought number
three um Elon Musk weighed in in favor
of the community notes obviously so I
think everybody notices when Elon Musk
comments on their work would you agree
how do you not notice if Elon Musk
comments on your note on X so that
probably takes it to the next level of
he'll probably see it so that's three
things that are working in the right
direction the fourth thing and again
with all
modesty if I did a good job of showing
that that was the wrong
comparison then it also educated a
million
people to if they see it again say oh
that's the wrong
comparison and that's really valuable
because that means that that Alex Soros
might hear it from different places at
different times and the more you hear
the same thing the more true it
becomes right
so that's uh that's the update on
that
um the uh publication called Dead spin
which apparently is just a bunch of
racists um they said that uh the NFL
needs to speak out against the one
writer said uh the NFL needs to speak
out against the Kansas City Chiefs fan
and black face and Native headdress oh
my God so there was a young boy who who
was wearing black face and a native you
know a native uh head
headgear and she' be called out for that
that black face oh except it was only
black face on one side the other side
was painted red because it was the color
of the team black and
red had nothing to do with
blackface so do you know who called them
out Community notes Community notes for
the win call them
out I'm starting to think that Community
notes uh it's you know it's in a nent
form so it should get better over time
it's one of the greatest
inventions in modern
history is simple it's a simple little
model and the model is if you didn't
know the model is that people of all
types left and right leaning have to
agree on the note or it can't go
forward so Community notes doesn't have
the option of being biased because the
other people will say nope nope too
biased and that's it it it just doesn't
go anywhere if one side says that biased
but if one side says somebody's talking
about the murder rate in these
cities and the side that wants to you
know make the opposite Point says we're
just going to say what the murder rate
is do you disagree that the data we're
using is correct and then the left says
oh that is on point and the data is
correct what are we going to do we we
don't love it we don't love it but we're
honest Brokers and what you're saying is
on point and it is honest that's
huge that the fact that that works at
all
is just amazing it's really one of the
the greatest things I've ever seen in
invention wise as an invention is just
one of the greatest
things all right um let's talk about the
musk trip to Israel now that we've got a
little time to digest it you know Elan
musk had been accused of being an
anti-semite for something he said that
was obviously taken out of context
advertisers left because of the protest
so partly partly to address that
obviously but also partly because he's
very interested in the world and peace
and you know keeping things together on
this planet he decided to go over to
Israel and he spent the day with
Netanyahu he toured the kabut where much
of the violence happened on October 7th
he watched the uh the video compilation
from the GoPro cameras of the terrorists
you know with Horrors that I would never
watch that I can't even imagine having
that in my head um one of the uh family
members of a kidnapped person uh offered
him the dog tags of the kidnapped person
who's not yet released Elon said he
would wear the dog tags until the family
member was
released oh my God he's good at
this oh my God he's good at
this um
and but here here's the the kill shot to
the whole thing so the the trip itself
was in my opinion Pitch
Perfect he hit every note right every
note here here's the things he got right
100% backing Israel to kill Hamas
because they have a preference for
killing civilians and he says if if
somebody wants to kill civilians the
only way to deal with them is kill
him perfect perfect then he says he's is
willing to help rebuild uh
Gaza oh my God now I don't know what
that help would look like but if you
were a Gaza resident and you hope to
ever go back and you found out that the
most capable person who designs anything
he's the best product person in the
world right now the best product
designer for any design if it's a
product is Elon Musk and if the product
is a new city just
imagine I mean can you imagine what he
could do with a whole city if he starts
from scratch you know putting in
self-driving cars and you know uh Tesla
solar panels and he's probably got some
good idea for
desalinization I mean it could be crazy
it could be just crazy how good it is
when he's
done so we don't know what kind of help
he's going to give but to say he's going
to help um allows him to be on both
sides because he needs to be on both
sides when I say both sides I mean he
needs to be on the side of
life for both sides not guilty life but
he's on the side of innocent life and
that's the right place to be so he gave
something for Israel you know he showed
them he showed them the the respect and
the consideration and and really he
literally damaged himself permanently to
make the
point I will never watch that video of
the actual Massacre because I do not
want that in my head I know what that
would do to me I would be permanently
damaged that's brain damage right he
actually signed up for intentional brain
damage to show the degree of support he
has for this he will never forget those
videos they they will they will be there
like a like a virus or a or a disease in
his brain for the rest of his life the
rest of his life he'll be damaged by
that and he did that
voluntarily amazing really so and then
he also talked about the U the
densification of Gaza and he talked
about how the importance of controlling
the school system so that the education
doesn't produce more
terrorists is there any note that he
missed he didn't miss a
note that that is as
perfect as you can do this kind of stuff
I've never seen anybody do it that well
actually that's the best I've ever
seen and I would like to uh compliment
Israel and
netanyahu's staff because they were as
wise as musk was in knowing how to do
this for you know Optimum Mutual
benefit uh but here's the here's the uh
punchline or the kill shot to ad all I
don't know if you know this name Dove uh
hiken uh used to be in politics in New
York state but uh he's he's well known
as a defender of Jews defender of Israel
you know one of one of the stronger more
public voices about who's an anti-semite
and who's not
and he did a video he didn't just do a
post with words he did a whole video in
which he said I've devoted over 50 years
to fighting Jew hatred I can smell an
anti-semite a mile away and let's be
completely clear on this Elon Musk is no
anti-semite now I am going to give him a
little bit of
 uh Dove because he had to add this
he's made some mistakes in his
judgment
you know I do that too like if I'm
supporting somebody that I don't support
every single thing they've ever done you
know I'll do that well you know he's
made some
mistakes but here's the better way to do
it the better way to do it is to say I
haven't agreed with him on
everything it's kind of a dick move to
say he's made some mistakes in the same
breath that you're supporting him it's
just a dick move so Dove is you know got
a great reputation does good work so I
respect him and his work so this would
just be advice not criticism I wouldn't
word it that way if your if your overall
point is supportive don't say he's made
some mistakes say I would have done it
differently it's the same thing but it's
just not a dick way to say
it all right I would like to call your
attention to an account which fascinates
me because I'm surprised he's still
alive
all right the account is called martyr
made it's two words if you just search
for that on X so Marr and the word made
um m a d
and
um here's why it's
interesting so this account is doing a
pretty aggressive effort of trying to do
what I'll call I'll put this in
quotes uh both siding the issue both
siding the issue issue with Gaza and the
Palestinians and Israel now he's not
bull sightings October 7th right he's
completely against the violence of
October 7th he's not pramas not pramas
let me say that three times he's not
pramas not not not okay but he is trying
to to create a complete picture so that
we better understand what everybody's
thinking and that part is is a value but
it is really dangerous territory because
you so easily could get lumped in with
the supporting Hamas and then you know
your life is destroyed so I respect him
for the risk that he's taking in the
service of making sure that we have a
more complete understanding of things
however watch me watch me not say he
made some mistakes because right I'm I'm
going to model my own opinion I would
say there are a few things that that I
would have handled differently see isn't
that
better like you keep your respect to the
person but you can still say there are a
few things I would handled differently
so on one of his posts
today um he was talking about well I'll
just read his post so he said this and
I'll tell you what I I had a problem
with he said where did people get this
idea that half a century of brutal
military occupation he's talking about
Israel and the Palestinians could
possibly result in anything but burning
hatred of the occupiers his word by the
occupied how would you feel about
foreign soldiers strip searching your
sister or killing your little nephew of
course those are anecdotals and things
now so here was my response number one
good
question that's a good question how
would you
feel perfectly good question but it's
not the only questions so where I would
have handled it differently is this is a
totally good question but it's
incomplete and in its
incompleteness it maybe is
misleading so here are the questions I
asked a related question is whether
Israel would be under the same level of
danger from
Hamas no matter what they
did don't you think that murder Ma's
assumption is that Israel would be under
less
risk if they only treated the
Palestinians the way the Palestinians
wanted to be
treated that's a good question too CU my
assumption is that Israel would be under
exactly the same risk
because the I I never hear the
Palestinians say you strip searched my
sister I've never heard that I mean I'm
sure that there you know plenty of
people mad about plenty of things but it
doesn't rise to the level of political
speech when they talk politically they
say we want to wipe out Israel and kill
all the Jews Hamas do not the
Palestinians per
se so it seems to me that the point of
view that um all Israel all Jews must be
removed from Israel and from The River
To The Sea I don't think Israel would be
any
safer if they were just the nicest
people the world in every possible way
from water rights to travel to security
I don't think it would make any
difference do
you it would definitely make a
difference for the non-military
population for how they feel about the
whole thing but it wouldn't affect Hamas
Hamas doesn't even have a list of
Demands have you ever seen a list of
Demands you know stop strip searching
our women and whatever else is on it you
know water rights and travel and I
haven't even seen it if if the leaders
of the Palestinians wanted the public to
be looking at you know the the real
treatment of how Israel treats you know
the the West Bank in Gaza Etc if they if
that was the
issue it would be at the top of the
issue yeah every day you'd say every day
you'd see the DU saying well what do you
expect you know Israel does this and
this and this to them so it's a natural
outcome I don't think anybody's thinking
that way I think you got people who are
trained to want to destroy all
Jews and that's the beginning and the
end of the
conversation so
now but should Israel treat all the
Palestinians in the best possible
way probably but what is the argument
for why they
wouldn't what what do you suppose would
be Israel's counterargument to the
Palestinians say hey we're treated
terribly
here I think the answer would be the
only reason we do any of this stuff is
because of the security threat we
wouldn't need to search your sister if
somebody's sister were not coming in
here from trying to kill us right so I
think the response would be if you can
make the security system go away then we
could fix a lot of these things that
you're complaining about in daily life I
assume that would be the argument now
I'm not taking aide
if it if it felt like I'm taking aside
I'm not CU I don't really know you know
the the more daily life problems and and
which way the security concerns go
that's a little more complicated than I
could wrap my head around I'm just
telling you that that should be a
question too if the question is how
would you feel if you were abused this
long you got to ask why are they abusing
you is it strictly for security or is it
economic religious is there something
else going on i' i' like to know that
and then the next question
is what other options did the
Palestinians
have was their only option to suffer and
then support
Hamas because in my view of things um
the Palestinians have had enough
International public support for enough
years that they should have very clearly
you know succinctly stated their maybe
top five demands and what they needed
and I think they would have got
them the trouble is that one of their
top five demands and maybe number one is
okay number one kill all the Jews and
remove remove their corpses from
Israel like so here's the problem I
don't think that the Palestinians or
anybody in power could have ever put
together a list of if you just do these
five things we can live in peace you
we're just asking you stop abusing Us in
these five ways
nobody's ever done
that here's why I think they don't do it
if a Palestinian leader put together a
list of five things that you needed to
do in order to have peace and none of
those five things said uh get all Jews
out of
Israel the leader of the Palestinians
would be executed by his own
people he would be dead for putting
together a list that would give them
peace without their primary objective of
getting control of
Israel so in my opinion the Palestinians
uh clear clear strategy of not asking
for the other stuff and and making that
like a the entire package of claims
seems to be a
preference you know maybe it's not a
conscious preference
but in terms of the whole it operates as
a preference and the preference is if we
can't get this one thing which is all
the Jews out of Israel if we can't get
that we don't even need to talk about 4
through five it's like you know we need
that first that's the opening bid
there's nothing to talk about under
those conditions under those conditions
Israel has a free pass I hate to say it
you know I don't mean on a Moral Moral
or ethical basis but they have a free
pass cuz their situation would not get
worse
if they were nicer or would not get
better if they were nicer so that kind
of limits their options as
well anyway I don't have a uh a hard
opinion about what should happen over
there what I have is an
observation that there aren't any good
guys that are organized enough to deal
with them so Israel always says we would
negotiate peace if he told us who to
negotiate with have you heard that
before who who are we going to talk
to there's nobody to talk to how do you
do a peace deal when you literally can't
even get a meeting with anybody who's in
charge who would even be a little bit
interested in it so that's a good point
too anyway so um Mike Ben continues to
be a national treasur here as he's
helping us expl he's helping us
understand how much influence the
security State you know the intelligence
agencies have have on our daily life
because you don't realize how much
control they have over various entities
and groups and the media Etc and so Mike
Ben on the xplatform is always calling
that out now he points out that Business
Insider a publication which seems to be
very opinionated about some political
stuff um was bought a few years ago by
what Mike calls a major CIA media
conduit so uh some I think a German
entity or something but the publishing
company that bought it apparently is
well understood as a CIA cutout and
we're not
guessing and and apparently we know
there's this thing
called uh what's it called the Integrity
initiative this is also from Mike
Benz something called the Integrity
initiative was this big
umbrella group that would be the sort of
U
Mothership for all these different uh
cutouts that look like they're
independent people but they're really
you know they're just sent by the
mothership so a lot of the people from
One go to the other you know there's a
lot of cross-pollination of the people
now if you didn't know
that you would read Business Insider and
you'd say hey there's
news but if you know it you know that
the only news that would be in Business
Insider if I'll just say F this CIA
influence is still working through the
buyer all the way down to the stories
don't know but if that's the case then
you'd have to read their coverage with
one eyebrow up it's like I don't know
maybe maybe yes maybe
no so don't believe anything about that
there interesting story about the Trump
lawyers I saw one opinion that well I'll
tell you what that was his lawyers have
asked for uh all information regarding
government informance on January
6 so you think to yourself
aha Trump's defense is going to be that
there were so many Feds that they were
the reason for the violence aha that's
what you say right but apparently the
lawyers are explaining in their uh
request for this information they're
saying it's uh not because he thought
the feds instigated the problem but
rather wait for for it because it would
indicate whether the feds did enough to
prevent it in other words in other words
they're going to argue there weren't
enough agents
there now here's what I think this is
just my
speculation I think this is just the
cleverest way to find out how many
agents were there because if you said
tell us how many agents are there
couldn't the government say we can't
tell you
that and then that's the end of it but
suppose they say we're trying to prove
that they didn't have enough there would
that put a different kind of pressure on
them to um to say we did a good job
because we had enough people
there th this might be way more clever
than you think it
is uh but it was described by one
Observer as as uh basically giving up on
the idea that there were so many feds
there that the feds caused the problem
like he's giving up on that I don't see
that I don't think they're giving up on
that at all I think if they have the
number of Agents if if it's a low here's
what I think if they get a number which
is iffy if they get a number and it's
like a low number then they can claim
well that's the problem you knew there
was going to be a problem why did you
have so few people there how is that my
fault that everybody knew this was
coming cuz they did everybody knew the
protest coming and and you underst
staffed so you
understaffed but I got impeached because
you understaffed is that is that what
you're telling me so that would be one
argument now suppose Against All Odds
they give a number it's like a crazy big
number suppose they come out there like
80 or 100 undercover of people if you
heard there were 100 of them and I'm
just making up that number no reason to
believe it wouldn't you say to yourself
well they must have caused it yeah
because 100 could have stopped it you
know that's what your brain would say
that's not necessarily true but your
brain would say man if they had 100
people they could have stopped it but
they must have been there to start
it right so your brain would play tricks
on you if it's a big number and it would
play a different trick on you if it's a
l a small number
so I think Trump might have a good
lawyer in the in that mix there there's
something about this I like so much so
much well speaking of Biden and
inflation so Biden's trying to argue
that corporations raised their prices
because their own their own costs were
high but then when the inflation went
down according to Biden but not too many
other people the corporations didn't
lower the prices so you know what the
problem is it's those
corporations no it's not how much money
he printed it's not how much he borrowed
no no no it's those evil
corporations that's all he
has imagine having nothing else to run
on but that yeah inflation's high but I
blame the
corporations because you know what the
free market stopped
working that's right the free market has
stopped working that's what he's
arguing
because if if a company raised its
prices and then its cost of production
went down but it didn't lower its price
it's competing against
somebody you know unless there's
collusion or Monopoly activity that
could be
too anyway uh Trump is finding a way to
lose it looks like uh Trump is going to
take a crack at getting rid of
Obamacare that is such a losing
strategy my God how many times have I
told you that nobody's even brought up
Medicare I'm sorry nobody brought up
health care healthc care became was the
biggest thing and it just stopped being
an
issue when was the last time you heard
anybody complain about
Obamacare a year I haven't even heard
the name in two years
probably well so here's what I think
uh I said this in the beginning and I'm
going to double down on it I think Obama
was a genius about
Obamacare and in public Obama said that
Obamacare was basically a
mess but once it got in the system it
would be too hard to remove it and so
the government would be forced to keep
tweaking and improving it until he had
something that worked because remember
Healthcare was like this huge unsolvable
problem no nobody could figure out how
to create a good health care system that
would also be supported by
people there wasn't any way to do it if
he had the best idea in the world the
other side would have said no and there
just wasn't any way to make a good one
so instead of making a good one he
actually in public said directly so
we're going to give you a bad one and
we're going to stick it with the country
and when they're too hooked on it
they'll have to fix it
and that's actually happening I think I
I think that I think there have been
enough
tweaks um I think there probably been
enough tweaks that people just stopped
complaining about it or they adjusted to
the cost got used to it started worrying
about other things but here's my point
uh I'm not going to make an argument
that Obamacare is good if you heard that
that's not what I'm saying let me say it
again I'm not making an argument that
Obamacare is good
my argument is it's no longer a
political question but if Trump says I'm
going to get rid of it it's just going
to turn into the worst political thing
of all time you should just ignore it if
people if nobody's complaining about it
at least you know in the media and
social media I don't see anybody
complaining if they're not complaining
move on to something they are
complaining about that you can fix that
to me to me this would be like the um
the abortion
question it would be another way to lose
un principle on principle he might say
you know this has to be fixed I know
people aren't complaining but on
principle there's some things wrong with
it we need to fix but that's how you
lose an election on
principle so you have to make that
decision you have to make the
v v the vake
decision to just say I'm trying to win
this time you know so I'm going to let
Tik Tok survive until I
win all
right
um and that ladies and
gentlemen concludes my prepared remarks
for what will no doubt be the best live
stream you've ever seen in your life
probably probably will go down in
history as the greatest thing that ever
happened all right um yeah hit that
subscribe button hit the like
button you YouTubers you know what I
realize I don't do it's so
dumb yeah you're going to laugh at how
dumb this
is uh after after I do the uh live
stream you know this this will become
posted as a as a recorded video on
YouTube I never remember to retweet
it the the most obvious thing you should
do like I create this content and it
just sits there and I don't even promote
it I think I might start doing that
today anyway hit the subscription button
if you like it and uh thanks for joining
you are
wonderful um you can persuade him to
talk to you in an interview online I
don't know we'll
try bye for