bum bum bum bum bum bum bum well it's a
beautiful Sunday morning unless you're
watching this on replay and then there's
a one in seven chance that it's a Sunday
hello and good morning
you know why you here I know why you
here everybody knows why you're here
it's because you like the simultaneous F
and the simultaneous F is gonna happen
in just a moment
grab your mug your cup your glass your
chalice your tankard your Stein fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous it so
the news is not really interesting at
the moment if you haven't noticed and I
can't think of a better endorsement for
the president if you could come up with
one single sentence that would tell you
the president's doing a good job what
would it be maybe it would look like
this there's no news right because the
news doesn't kid
they don't really cover good news and
we've had plenty of good news the
economy is going well etc you know we're
not we're not especially going toward
war we seem to be going away from war on
every dimension so what does the news
have to talk about the the biggest story
in the news I'm not even making this up
the biggest story in the news is a OC
dancing on a video in college and and
desperately the news business is trying
to turn this into a something and I
think the latest the latest attempt is
to say that the Conservatives
were offended by it or or somehow they
were they had a bad reaction to an
attractive young person dancing and I'm
thinking to myself well that didn't
happen yeah there were certainly people
who wanted to mock her for acting I know
silly when she was in college but does
anybody take seriously anything that
anybody did in college especially
dancing wise do you do you want to be
criticized for your college dancing I
don't I don't think I could handle that
criticism my college dancing not so good
so anyway when you have a non-story like
that dominating headlines that's really
good news because if there were bad news
to report that would certainly be a lot
of reporting of that bad news don't you
think so that's all good let's talk
about my favorite topic climate change
so what i'm doing here is for those of
you joining late i'm not a denier and
i'm not a believer I'm someone who
believes that we citizens can't
penetrate this topic it's an
impenetrable topic and people just
default to their biases or their teams
because they can't really understand it
but I'm drilling down and I'm gonna try
to make this sort of an extended
tutorial so as I learn things I'll try
to simplify them and then share them and
I tell you it is fascinating I thought
that I would get to the boring part of
this topic but it doesn't get more
boring they're just levels and levels
and levels and what you could learn
about this seems infinite and I'm not
even talking about the science so I'm
completely outside of the science part
of it because that's not the part I
understand but just watching the the
psychology of it the way is communicated
the persuasion of it trying to trying to
solve it like a mystery is really really
interesting to me and that's sort of the
love
I'm gonna be talking about so I'm gonna
be essentially taking the side of you
viewers in the sense that I'm gonna be
talking about this as someone who is in
the public and is asked to make a
decision about climate change we're all
being asked to decide what we want to do
about it so that we can influence our
governments etc so I'm gonna help you
decide and I'll I'll take little chunks
of it as we go so here's here's an
interesting thing one of the biggest
arguments that the skeptics make to say
that climate change is not a problem
the skeptics will tell you that there
was a medieval warming period and they
say that if you include that medieval
warming it doesn't make it look that
warm today in other words there was a
warming period and then there was a
little mini ice age and that is warm
again but all we're doing is getting
back up to normal so that would be the
the skeptics claim about the importance
of this medieval warming period now
here's what I've been learning about
this medieval warming period and it's
interesting in both ways first of all it
seems that science does agree that there
was a medieval warming period but their
defense against that is that it wasn't
everywhere that there was a warming in
the North Atlantic you know the European
kind of area but there are other parts
of the planet at the same time were
unusually cold and that if you looked at
all the proxies and I guess sir there
may be 10 different ways that you can
measure temperature so you're looking at
everything from leaves to ice cores to
that I can't remember but there I just
read list of something like 10 different
ways you can study things and say ok or
tree rings is another one and so the
scientists say the the medieval warming
existed but it was localized and it was
extra cold in other places
so now I say to myself okay and some of
the theories about why it was extra warm
in that one place included maybe there
were volcano and volcanic activities
there were unusual the Sun activity and
maybe the ocean circulation was
different in that area for a time now
what do I tell you when you see more
than one explanation for a thing if you
see one good explanation for something
that's a good chance is true but would
you see multiple explanations that are
different for the two explain the same
thing you should get a little suspicious
so we have a situation here which again
I wasn't there I didn't have a
thermometer during the medieval period I
didn't measure the earth I'm not a
scientist I don't understand all the
proxies that they use to measure
temperature you and I can't penetrate
the reality but when you're looking at
how is communicated it's like oh so
you're saying that it was warmer but
only in one part of the world
okay so doesn't your skepticism go up a
notch when you hear that because is that
the case right now is it the case that
if you're not measuring everywhere in
the world you don't know what the
average temperature is so are we
measuring everywhere in the world now
it's a it's hard to imagine that we
really can get any kind of precision
about temperature a thousand years ago
so let me ask you this so one of the
ways that they can do a temperature
proxy is by me looking at tree rings so
I guess they can find in fossils or I
don't know what the oldest tree is but
they can look at tree rings and they can
determine what the temperature was a
thousand years ago here's my question
how accurate is a tree ring
and and what kind of temperature
differences are we talking about are we
are we talking about tree rings are
accurate to a tenth of a degree do you
think that's the case do you think you
could look at a tree uh and determine
within let's say a tenth of a degree
what's happening I don't know are they
accurate to with him one degree
I don't really know do you but all I
know is that if the temperature
differences that we're talking about
today are you know it's a very big
difference if we go up two degrees are
you telling me that I can tell the
temperature from a thousand years ago
with a tree ring to within a degree or
two is that the claim now again remember
that everything I say about this topic
is coming at it as a consumer of the
news I'm not coming at it with any kind
of you know deep understanding and
that's the point I'm talking as a a
well-intentioned citizen who
legitimately doesn't know if I should be
concerned about climate change
I just don't know and I can't penetrate
the topic but when you tell me that it
used to be that the coolness and the
hotness were localized and there could
be good reasons for that doesn't that
make you wonder if they could measure it
today measure it today
does it make you wonder if given that
they don't have measuring instruments
everywhere in the world couldn't there
also be places we haven't measured that
are cooler than normal and and today are
there places on the earth that are
unusually warm compared to the rest of
the world was the medieval time the only
time we had this weird thing where one
part of the world got warm and the other
parts got colder because I don't know
any argument and correct me if I'm wrong
again this is this is not an argument
it's it's displaying the
absent my logic Kenny is it true that
today we have similar parts of the world
that got a lot warmer while other parts
are getting a lot colder is that true
because if it's not true I have trouble
believing that it used to be true and I
have a terrible you know terrible time
believing that they can measure it a
thousand years ago to the level of
accuracy a few degrees that we would
really know anything today about the
long term trend so there's that the Tony
Heller famous skeptic I talked about him
a lot has said that a number of the the
temperature measuring devices around the
world have been adjusted and that the
adjustments were sort of judgment calls
were statistic I think they call that
statistical methods so when they needed
to adjust let's say a temperature device
they used to be in the shade but now
it's in the Sun or vice versa they would
you know use some science to say okay if
I had better than the Sun that would be
this based on other measuring devices
that are nearby etc and again I ask
myself can we really measure things to
that level of a precision using
statistical analysis is that a thing can
you really tell what the temperature was
with precision based on statistics based
on measuring other things of other
places on the surface it doesn't sound
credible and again remember you have to
remember my context is different from
anybody else you're hearing almost
everybody else you hear talking on this
topic has already decided that it's
either true or fake you know the real or
not real I haven't decided I'm looking
at the information and I'm telling you
which parts look credible even if
they're not true and which parts do not
look credible
even if they might be true and when you
tell me that you can measure the
temperature of the earth on an average
through all these many proxies and that
they can get you close enough with them
I don't know with him do you have to be
within a degree or within within a tenth
of a degree and why don't I know that
why is it that I've gotten this far in
my you know citizen research on the
topic and I don't know if the accuracy
of these proxies these different ways
that they can measure things I don't
know if they're accurate or not or if
they're accurate within a degree and if
I don't know that what do I know right
it's hard it's hard to know anything if
you don't know that here's another thing
I learned that 90% of the warming is in
the ocean now that's good to know
right because it means that all the
measuring devices that are on land
collectively are only going to add up to
10% of whatever the temperature is so it
seems to me you could throw away all the
land measuring devices couldn't you why
do we even have land measuring devices
when the ocean is 90 percent of the
warming and the ocean probably doesn't
suffer from the problem of being in the
shade sometimes so shouldn't we just
throw away the land measurements and
just look at the ocean I don't know the
answer that question and if we did it
would give you a different result latter
no another argument against the critics
and against Toni Heller's argument that
the past temperatures have been adjusted
are that he's only talking about
American or the United States measuring
devices apparently so around the world
there have not been these same
adjustments but even if all of the even
if Tony Hillier is correct and that the
u.s. measuring devices
were rigged meaning that they were
intentionally adjusted to make it look
like there's more warming in the present
even if there were two because it was
only the United States and it was only
some of the things in the United States
it would have been this tiny tiny
percentage of all the measuring devices
in other words even if Tony Heller is
right the argument is it wouldn't be
enough of a change to really even notice
so he could be completely right but it
wouldn't may really change the total
global average but here's the problem
what's left out of that criticism is
that the claim is that these changes
were made all in the same direction and
that there may have been some intention
behind that if that's true it doesn't
matter there's a small percentage of the
overall temperature it would show is
some kind of a willingness or pattern or
the beginning of a pattern of
intentional intentional jiggering with
the numbers which would lower the
credibility so that wasn't addressed
I saw a claim that the that the real
reason for climate change is wealth
distribution and that the the people
pushing climate change are really a
there really is part of a secret plan to
distribute wealth from the rich to the
poor or something like that and then the
argument is that I see people you're
agreeing with that okay I consider that
the least credible argument any time you
have the secret cabal of of elites or
behind the secret worldwide scheme
that's not believable because there are
way too many people working in this area
for them to be all on the same leash if
in fact there were you know a small
group a secret cabal of y'know George
Soros or the Illuminati or something and
they had the secret idea to push the
fake idea of global warming they
wouldn't be able to control that that
secret right
now you're saying they haven't
controlled it because I know the secret
now you know you don't have any you know
have any document from some what are you
talking about the conspiracy you don't
have anybody who was in the conspiracy
coming forward there is no evidence of
this that I've ever seen and again every
time I say there's no evidence it only
means that I haven't seen it so I would
say if you want to be credible you
probably need to stop talking about the
secret cabal of people who want to
transfer wealth by telling you that
there's global warming that's the least
believable skeptical argument of them
all now I was watching a a famous
skeptic dr. Lynn zijn you've probably
heard of him if you follow any of this
sceptical stuff and he's a I forget
where he works but he's one of the more
serious more credible skeptics so he's
an actual scientist works in the field
you know he's close to everything so if
he if he disagrees with climate science
that means something because he's a
credible guy working in the field and I
watched a Prager University
video in which he speaks in his own
words and he describes his position and
I watched the whole thing and here's
what he did not address the central
claim of climate science so he was he
was presented as really one of these
strongest critics is it MIT he was
presented as one of the strongest
critics most knowledgeable and after he
was done with his opinion he had not
even addressed the central claim of
climate science so he was a critic who
didn't talk about the topic I mean he
talked about the topic but not the
central claim the central claim is that
the rate of warming has accelerated
recently if you don't talk about the
recent accelerating rate
of warming and all you talk about is
that it's getting warmer and it's gotten
warmer in the past sometimes it gets
cooler
you haven't even talked about the topic
so here's your red flag and remember I'm
giving you red flags on both sides right
so your red flag that the the scientists
don't have the credibility that you
might want is that they claimed in the
past there used to be warm parts of the
world and that that explains the
medieval warming well but there were
other parts were extra cold but do we
see that today and if we do see that
today how confident are we that we've
measured the earth correctly with our
statistical measurements if it can be
getting warmer in one place and colder
and the other seems like we would have
heard of that secondly when the
scientists tell you they can measure the
temperature a thousand years ago by
looking at tree rings maybe and maybe if
you've combined it with your other
proxies maybe but it is not convincing
to me that they can measure the
temperature a thousand years ago with
any kind of precision enough precision
to really make a difference so I could
be wrong about that so I'm talking as a
consumer as a consumer of this
information it's not believable on on
its face with the amount I can
understand as a citizen it's not
believable at least in terms of
precision but now go to the other side
so now it's now I've criticized the
credibility of the scientists let's go
to the other side so I was just talking
about dr. linson somebody's reminding me
he's at MIT very knowledgeable he's in
the middle of it
he gives his I would say as a skeptical
view and when he's done he hasn't even
talked about the topic which is the
unusually steep warming that is claimed
for the present now if you're if you're
one of your strongest critics talks
around the topic but never talks about
the central claim can you feel confident
that the the skeptics are onto something
remember the best-informed
closest guy probably to the topic and he
didn't really have a criticism that goes
to the central claim so that raises a
red flag all right
there's also the question of and this
one fascinates me there are legitimate
people who say then nobody has
demonstrated how this small amount of
co2 even if it doubles or triples from
word is now nobody's explained how that
small amount of gas could cause a big
enough temperature difference to be what
people are projecting and even measuring
and my understanding and again gaps in
my understanding so I'll just tell you
what I understand and maybe it can get
corrected over time my understanding is
that the reason we think the co2 is the
primary lever maybe not a hundred
percent of the warming but the vast
majority as scientists claim the reason
we think that is that we can't figure
out what else it could be am I wrong
about that in other words there's a
correlation with co2 we know the co2 in
principle can raise temperatures the the
exact amount it raises temperatures is
hard to know but the scientists are
still willing to say it's the majority
of the reason for the the change the
vast majority maybe ninety percent you
know but at least over fifty percent
they're willing to say that based on the
correlation and the lack of other
alternatives isn't that the argument is
the argument that we can't directly look
at the co2 raising temperature in other
words you can't take a microscope and
say oh there's some co2 oh I see it
raising the temperature there it is
we've confirmed the co2 is raising
temperature by exactly this much we
don't have that kind of measurement
we're simply looking at temperature
we're looking at co2 we know this co2 is
a greenhouse gas and we don't have other
explanations is it true that the main
reason that co2 is considered the
primary driver is that we can't think of
anything else that would be doing it
there hasn't been debunked I think
that's true right
does that sound convincing to you
because here's the problem it leaves the
it leaves open the option that there's
just a reason we don't know that do we
still have open the alternative that we
just don't know seems like that's always
open alright the other claim that just
blows my mind way this just blows my
mind way they're the skeptics say and I
and I saw this even just minutes before
I started this periscope skeptics say
how do you explain that for 17 years the
temperature has been flat to which I say
what that's exactly the opposite of what
scientists say scientists say the
temperature is going up steeply how is
it that people in 2019 can get on the
internet and say well all the evidence
is the temperatures temperature is not
going up at all now I think it might be
because of the satellite measurements so
they're you know one of the popular ways
to measure things is with satellites but
the satellite measurements have been
debunked by the scientist as being you
know not a not a good enough measure
compared to all the proxies compared to
things on the ground so I guess the the
satellites can measure the upper
troposphere so they're measuring the air
but they're not they're not measuring
they're not measuring the water and
they're not measuring the land per se
the air and I guess there are there are
enough reason there are enough reasons
to discount that that the the claim that
the temperature is not going up in 17
years I believe is just false isn't it
isn't the one thing we could probably
know better than anything is whether the
temperature's going up in 17 years and I
haven't seen anybody shoot nobody send
me a link to show me the temperature not
going up but you know there's always
some skeptic with a graph how is it that
we could be in 2019 talking about the
biggest topic in the world climate
change biggest topic in the world and we
don't know for sure if the temperature
has gone up in the last 17 years now
here I would put more credibility on the
scientists it does seem to me that it
would be almost like impossible for the
scientists to be wrong about the
temperature over the last 17 years and
we've been really looking at that stuff
so somebody's saying but it didn't will
somebody send me a link to anything that
claims the temperature has not gone up
but here's the trick you can't use
satellites as your source because
they've been already you know that that
has been debunked by the scientists so
if you have evidence that the
temperature hasn't gone up let me see it
alright yeah what is the margin of error
for temperature measurements so I'll say
this as a citizen I don't believe the
claim the science knows the temperature
of the earth historically within
certainly with him two or three degrees
I just don't believe that right now it
could be true but to me it doesn't sound
unbelievable let's talk about I'm gonna
end up talking about the sonic weapon
remember the Cuban embassy and there
were people who had apparently real
health problems that they say were
caused by maybe a sonic weapon used by
someone now I told you in the very start
I said this is a classic mass hysteria
and that there are no sonic weapons and
then it happened again in Canada and the
Canadian embassy and again the reports
were another sonic weapon and I told you
again there are no sonic weapons it's a
mass hysteria today the New York Times
or the other day reported that they have
a recording of this sound which they had
suspected might have been the problem
and it was literally crickets crickets
and now they're still saying we still
think it was a sonic weapon but the
thing we recorded that we were you know
there was a strong suspicion that was
the sound that was causing the problems
was a cricket it was a cricket and
here's here's what I'm here's my
follow-up prediction the follow-up
prediction is that the news industry
will slowly walk back the idea that it
was a sonic weapon now and they're
they're several in between stages until
they get to the point where historians
will say ok it looks like it was a mass
hysteria
in between them they're going to be
stories like the one I just mentioned
where they say well there were also
coincidentally some crickets but the
crickets happened at around the same
time as the sonic weapon and by the way
we've measured all these people and we
found that they had real identifiable
physical changes in the brain and and
real health problems with their inner
ears and stuff now here's what I asked
you if you took a hundred people chosen
randomly and you told that hundred
people that they may have been
victimized by a sonic weapon that could
affect their brain and their balance and
he was just a random
under people and nothing like that
actually happened and you take them to
the doctors and you tell the doctors hey
doctor we suspect there's something
abnormal about some of their brains we
think they've been affected by a sonic
weapon do you think you'll find 10% of
those hundred people are diagnosed by
possibly even more than one doctor as
having brain damage that is probably
caused by the sonic weapon what are the
odds you get 10% of them with a positive
diagnosis even if they were just chosen
randomly and there was no sonic weapon
probably a hundred percent I would say
the odds that some of them would be
diagnosed
you know incorrectly as having some
brain abnormality because we all have
different brains right probably 10% of
them at least would look like they had
actual sonic weapon damage so this could
not be more identical to a mass hysteria
it couldn't be more perfect and I told
you that from day one it's like okay
this has everything about it that is
mass hysteria and now just watch it play
out and you'll see how right I am I
remind you that when the Vegas shooter
first shot and I said it's not Isis and
then the news said it's probably Isis
and I said it's not Isis and then the
news reported that Isis had taken credit
for the Vegas shooter and these people
said well what do you say Scott no
you're wrong Isis almost never takes
credit for something they didn't do and
what did I say this is the time that
they're taking credit for something they
didn't do it's not Isis time goes by
and we find out it definitely was not
Isis so I'm pretty good at predicting
these things ahead of time and the Cuban
sonic weapon I probably have never been
more confident
about a prediction it's probably as
confident as you'll ever see me about a
prediction and I've been pretty
confident about some predictions alright
so the challenge for today on climate
science is to show me any evidence that
warming has slowed in the last 17 years
well you can't use satellite data you
have to use any of the other measuring
mechanisms because the satellite is
limited all right never been more wrong
on this one you say I could be wrong but
I've never been more confident I do have
a I do have a history of being confident
and wrong just like the rest of you it's
loaded so people just keep telling me
the temperature let stop doing this how
about how about you stop doing this
stop simply being person on internet who
tells me the temperature hasn't gone up
the that's useless
if you can't show me a link that goes to
NASA or the IPCC or or even a skeptic
who's a real scientist if you can't show
me that don't just tell me the
temperature didn't go up you must read
it in some some non-scientific
publication why do they make a satellite
device that doesn't correctly measure
the temperature I would guess because
that's not possible I'm surprised that a
satellite can measure the upper
troposphere or the lower troposphere or
whichever troposphere that are measuring
I think it's a lower I'm impressed by
that but making a satellite they can
measure the temperature in the ocean
would be pretty darn good so there's a
graph you say in the Forbes article I
post it don't point me to my own article
tell me the source
what was the source of that and why is
it that Forbes you know routinely report
stuff like that and it's not in other
publications you have to ask yourself
that - why not use satellite data
satellite data you can google it
yourself but the satellite measurements
have been debunked by they've been
debunked by the climate scientists so
they're not ignoring it they have a
specific reason why it doesn't tell you
what you think it is
what is your link saying this satellite
temperature is unreliable you could just
go to Wikipedia and you know don't don't
depend on Wikipedia's description I know
you don't like that as a source but
Wikipedia will point you to the sources
that will tell you that so but Wikipedia
is great i collecting links to things
that are dependable how much would you
factor in vested interest well as I like
to say there's more than one science
involved in climate science and one of
those Sciences is cognitive science
psychology etc and all of the psychology
of it - suggests that we shouldn't trust
anybody involved on either team so if
you want to ask me who to believe based
on vested interest you should believe
neither side both sides are pursuing
self-interest and in case in both cases
it should be according to all we know
about science and brains both sides
should be acting irrational at least to
a degree so I would say it might be a
tie in terms of the irrationality on
both sides
[Music]
yeah all right I will talk to you all
later I hope there is better news or
more interesting news tomorrow bye for
now