hey everybody come on in it's time for
coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous it best part of your day no
doubt about it we got lots of fun
stories today sometimes the stories are
sad sometimes they're fun today is more
fun than sad let's go with that
you can watch sad stuff on the other on
the other channels you know you got
plenty of sad stuff but come here for
the optimism glass is half-full speaking
of a glass if you'd like to enjoy the
set will take me a sip all you need is a
cup or a Margaret glass a tanker
chelators time to get to your flask if
that's all the penny kite even fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the other day the
thing that makes everything including
the freakin pandemic better it's called
the simultaneous it go better every time
just like I promised you all right we
got fun stories all kinds of fun stories
there was a a wonderful little human
moment from a Andrew Cuomo Governor
Cuomo of New York and he was telling the
story so he's got three daughters I
think at least two of them are teenagers
and he was telling the story about how
their home and they're watching the news
and he saw the news of another governor
of Maryland Larry Hogan talking about
how Larry Hogan had cleverly acquired a
bunch of test kits from South Korea and
and Governor Cuomo who's like the you
know the talk of the town and he's
really got the highest profile of any
politician who has a good reputation
he's like the star of the show so it's
you know Andrew Cuomo he's really he's
just killing it in the public opinion
taking charge he's a leader and his
daughter turns to him and says why did
you do that and then as Andrew Cuomo
tells the story and then his other
daughter says yeah that looked very
smart why didn't you do that now what he
tells the story he's practically crying
because he feels guilty because it just
diminished him so much like you know you
have to know that you know even though
he's going through a tough time
with with all of it you have to know
that he at least felt he was important
at the very least he thought well it's a
tragedy and you know nothing about this
is good but at least I'm killing it you
know I'm just killing it and everybody
says so
and then his daughters go yeah what do
you think of that
[Laughter]
yeah as I often say yeah there's one
criticism that just always works which
is if you do something that's right you
should have done it sooner and if
somebody else does something right yeah
this is sort of the cousin of that if
somebody else does something right well
why didn't you do that why didn't you
think of that last week so there's
there's some criticisms that are just
universal you can apply them to every
situation like no matter how much you
did right
why did you do a server so I love that
story but it's also a it's and also
because it was so human it also
highlights why Andrew Cuomo was so
popular at the moment because this is
one of those occasions in history where
you need somebody who's just really
really human because the people need to
know that they're leaders you know I
sort of understand them they're human
too they feel your pain etc so I think
you Andrew Cuomo might be like a perfect
leader in the perfect situation
but what's also funny about this is that
the if many of you have watched the
interviews in which his brother Chris
Cuomo of CNN was doing with his brother
and one of the dynamics of those
interviews that made them so interesting
in my opinion they were great television
you know people complained bla bla bla
but it was great television just on
entertainment alone because it gave you
two levels we were getting the news
important news at the same time we were
seeing this brother dick which I found
fascinating fascinating because both of
the brothers were operating at such a
high level normally it wouldn't be this
interesting but when you've got somebody
who's like a you know top anchor on CNN
the governor during an emergency and
their brothers and then it was just sort
of cool so you could say it was done
casting but it was still interesting but
here's what I found that the most
interesting about it the dynamic that
they that they displayed on-screen was
sort of a competitive sibling thing so
they were always competing and and they
would mock each other and you know it'd
be sort of like a sports trash talk
which is what made it fun but here's the
best part so imagine these brothers
compete with each other to be the you
know the the Alpha of whatever the
situation is and Chris Cuomo is in the
position of being the inferior brother
and when I say the inferior brother I
mean just in this situation the person
who is the governor and the leader and
the role model of all governor's
everywhere is sort of the star of this
situation but the person who's simply
asking him questions is not the star if
you had asked me you know two months ago
who is the more famous Cuomo I might
have said Chris Cuomo because he said
everybody sees him on CNN but not
everybody pays attention to the governor
of New York but at the moment that's
reversed so you've got this great
dynamic of the children and I thought to
myself well is there anything that Chris
Cuomo could do
that would fix this situation where
instead of his brother is the most
famous person during the coronavirus
situation what is it that Chris Cuomo
could do that would make him more of the
story and less of the person asking
about the story which is not so noble oh
I've got an idea
how about Chris Cuomo becomes the most
famous person who has coronavirus could
that be more perfect the the one and
only thing that Chris Cuomo could have
done to you know to level up with his
brother who was just killing it is to
become the most famous person with
coronavirus and started filming from his
basement and and he becomes the story so
he crossed the line from talking about
the story to becoming the biggest one of
the biggest elements in the whole
country biggest in the sense of
attention not not in importance
everybody has that everybody who has the
coronavirus is equally important all
right leaving us model the one that
everybody talks about for the
coronavirus desk it just inched up from
60,000 to 66 little clause in the
sentence here that I had not noticed it
before I'm gonna plug in my iPad which
sometimes causes me to drop off so if my
iPad goes blank for a while that's
technical difficulty alright so it
didn't stop from 60,000 to 66,000 but
here's what I had never known before
that that death toll is by August so by
the end of August and I'm thinking to
myself is at the end of the death
because we've been using this 60,000
number as the number of deaths didn't
you think that's what that meant isn't
the whole point of predicting the number
of deaths that you're predicting the
number of deaths what am I missing when
they predict the number of deaths but
it's not the number of deaths because
the number of deaths
as all the people who are gonna die not
the people are gonna die by the end of
August what's that all about and what a
week when we compared the proposed or
predicted deaths from coronavirus to the
annual flu do we say we'll compare it to
the annual flu up to the end of August
is that what we do now with the annual
flu maybe that does make sense because
the regular flu kind of Peters out in
the summer right so if you were to
measure measure the regular flu maybe
measuring it through the end of August
gets you you know 98 percent of what you
need but with the corona virus we're
already talking about the second and
third wave and coming back next year if
the if the best estimate is 66 thousand
by the end of August
isn't it a safe bet that the total is
going to be over a hundred thousand do a
fact check on me please am i incorrect
that if the model says sixty-six
thousand by the end of August
it almost certainly means over a hundred
thousand overall I mean what would this
second wave be if not that and why are
we even talking about getting a vaccine
18 months from now unless we believe
that 18 months from now this thing will
still be killing people if it's not
killing people in 18 months why are we
even talking about a vaccine so
obviously it's going to kill people for
at least 18 months and longer because it
would take you know not everybody could
be inoculated on day one so what would
happen to how we understand this if it
definitely absolutely is going to be
over a hundred thousand deaths doesn't
that start to change how people feel I'd
asked Adam Adam Townsend on Twitter to
give me a number just in his own opinion
because he's on the the anti alarmist
side of the debate I guess you'd say it
is view is that you know while it might
be bad it's not so bad that then it
matches the the amount of pain we're
putting on the UConn
me I don't want to characterize his
opinion but let's just say that he's on
the opinion that it won't be as bad as
the as the bad case and I asked him what
would change his mind what what death
number would convince him that this was
actually a big deal so he's a he's in
the camp and it's really I really hate
characterizing anybody else's opinion
because it's fairly nuanced and I don't
think it's easy to characterize a
nuanced opinion but it is fair to say
he's in the anti alarmist camp let's
just say that so I said what would what
would move you from the anti alarmist
into the oh I guess the alarmists were
right after all how many deaths and I
believe he said 200,000 and I thought
reasonable that's reasonable you know he
I think a reasonable per you could
disagree with this but subjectively and
from a personal opinion if it was under
200,000 deaths then maybe you could
conclude the you shouldn't have closed
the economy except that if it was 200
deaths with the 200,000 deaths with the
economy closed for a long time really in
the case it would have been a million if
he hadn't closed it right sort of maybe
half a million at which point it makes
sense that it looks like closing the
closing the economy made sense anyway
keep an eye on that but that end of
August thing threw me because I don't
think that's been accurately reported
here's a just change of pace for a
moment so yesterday and my evening
periscope I aligned a plan for a digital
free college which would involve making
a new major which would be a sort of a
life strategy major it would it would be
comprised of all the subcategories that
make you more effective I'll just give
you some examples so learnings say
persuasion and communication economics
business management design
twenty other things so the idea was you
could create a major that's digital and
online if you have a search engine like
a Yelp for classes they can find you the
class online from all the different
platforms they have online teacher and
then you could just say oh this is my
major go to the search engine pick the
class that you like based on ratings oh
this is the good class they're all the
same class but some of them are just
better than others so you pick the good
one and it might only cost you a few
bucks and so therefore you have
basically free college and it might only
take a year so it might be a one year
college degree and then you get the
government to say give it some
accreditation and you're good to go
and I would argue that if you could give
me and I said this last night so I'll
say it in case somebody missed it I'm
gonna make a provocative claim if you
were to let me design that major I could
design a major and then present it to
and I'll just pick four you know social
reasons it's obvious well I'll do this
if you said okay Scott take your college
major and you can have a hundred let's
say low-income black kids from America
and you can rub them through this major
and then we'll compare them to people
who've got to pick their own major made
their way in life a different way maybe
they went to college maybe they didn't
go to any college because they couldn't
afford it
yeah the online one was basically free
it's so cheap so compare up now subtract
from your comparison anybody who went
into it stem field or became a doctor or
a lawyer I'm talking about the people
were preparing for a life that could be
an entrepreneur working in a big company
where they train you to be to something
specific I'm talking about all the
generalists if you were to compare the
generalists who go their own way to the
generalist I would train with this you
know new proposed college major that
would be sort of the standard major for
the people who don't go into specialized
fields I would propose that if you come
back in ten years after they've
completed their let's say it's a
one-year degree that they would have
to be earning far more than the control
group
so that so this is my this is my
provocative claim that you could create
this major that would give better
performance now here's the new point as
of today I don't want to don't want to
just reiterate what I say yesterday I've
often said that the way you can tell a
good idea from a bad idea is if in its
bad form before it's even before it's
even the engineer to be good if in its
bad form it already gets people to do
something with their bodies and it's the
body test so for example let's say you
design a comic strip you decide to
become a become a cartoonist so you show
your friends some comics that you've
made if your friends look at the comics
and say yeah this is great you should
try to do something with this you have
nothing because they haven't really done
anything they just they just talked and
of course they were expected to say
something nice but if you give some give
your friends some comics and say what do
you think you know do you think I could
make a good career out of this and your
friend says oh these are great
can I make a copy of this I want to send
it to my friend that passes the body
test because in order to make a copy and
send it to your friend yet your body has
to be involved so if you create a
product which involves somebody's body
spontaneously you don't have to ask them
to do anything they just volunteer to
use their body to do something with this
product you've got a product
all right says one of the most reliable
indicators of something that would be
good is if bodies are moving in some way
and of course the Dilbert comic that was
the the towel as that people were
literally physically cutting them out of
the newspaper and physically putting him
on the refrigerator or the cubicle wall
so it was the physicality of it there
was the the predictor so after I did my
little demonstration about how college
could be free this morning I got on
Twitter and I saw that Donovan Loomis
who's been on my
periscopes had taken my whiteboard that
I just sort of scratched the ideas on
and turned it into a proper graphic
flowchart now in order to take my
whiteboard and turn it into a proper a
graphic that he then tweeted he had to
involve his body he had to you know be
looking at the one thing and typing
physically probably a lot of arranging
things to get it just right playing with
the fonts so if you can if you can come
up with an idea that causes somebody on
the other side of the planet and
literally Donovan's in South Korea so
he's literally on the other side of the
planet if on the other side of the
planet somebody's body is moving like
literally physically the body is doing
something that is a really strong
indicator of something that will grab
other people's attention as well so it's
out there now and let's see if the idea
moves any more bodies and I'll let you
let you know how that goes apparently
Trump ordered the US Navy to shoot down
any Iranian gunboats that harass our our
fleet so I guess the Iranian czar trying
to you know take their gunboats too
close to our our boats and now the Trump
is just said to just basically kill them
just kill them now is that the right
decision from our commander-in-chief if
the Iranian gunboats keep doing this
just kill them all
I think so I think so and and I would be
disappointed well that's the wrong word
I would expect Iran to keep doing it
right because they sorta have to test
that so don't you sort of expect that in
the next few days you're gonna hear that
one of our ships obliterated at least
one might be more than one but don't you
think we're gonna obliterate at least
one or rhenium gunboat cuz we sort of
have to right
you know if they keep it up at this
point I mean it's it's an order from the
commander in chief so they have to all
right
the funniest account on Twitter at least
at the moment is the Joe Biden insult
bot if you have not experienced the fake
account called the Joe Biden insult bot
you really need to what the way it works
is if you if you tweet at it it's a real
person on the box but if you tweet at
the account it will insult you in the
form of a Joe Biden in the insult which
are all just crazy talk and it's the
funniest freaking thing you've ever seen
in your life I'm gonna read you a few of
them now
these might not come across is so funny
when I read them that would give you a
flavor of them and there's something
about reading them all in the list that
makes you giggle to the point where it
hurts all right so these this is from
the Joe Biden insult these are just
various tweets one at years one taken to
the bank you cobblestone crunch and
gravy guzzler here's another that's some
real potatoes skinny a yellow snow even
corn snake here's a go amble in some
bramble you dribble mouth scuttle
flipper go on get you horse jacking
tri-corner hat thief easy on the mustard
your gravel scratch it and clam Pfister
take the slow boat to Tinseltown you
pick it Dylan grass gobbler so I tweeted
this yesterday you should just follow
this account that's pretty pretty darn
funny now the thing that makes this
funny yeah demonstrates a principle of
humor and I was going to do a humor and
lessons around this but I'll give you
the quick version which is that one of
the things that makes things funny yeah
here's like one of the most illuminating
rules you'll ever hear the this is this
will be really looking behind the
curtain of reality a little bit and then
behind the curtain that's behind the
curtain it goes like this the main thing
that makes somebody laugh at a joke is
that there's a logic to it that doesn't
make sense but
still make sense so the best jokes are
theirs they're sort of kind of a joke
logic and you get what the joke logic is
and you're trying to reconcile it in
your brain with real logic but you can't
get there so it's near logic but not
quite in your brain the the thing that
triggers the laugh reflex is your brain
can't fit it into logic it recognizes it
as logic but can't make it logical so
those are the you're roughly speaking
those are the requirements it feels
logical emotionally but it's not and
your brain knows it and then you have
this conflict and then it fights it out
in your head and it causes a laugh
reflex yeah buzz killington jokes right
so when you read these what makes them
funny I think is that the author of
these found a format that you could very
very easily fill in new words and it's
the same joke form and it always works
and what makes it works is that all the
words in the sentence don't work
together but they feel as if they make
sense but they don't well let me read
you a few with that in mind so the rule
is that your brain sort of feels like it
makes sense but it doesn't here's one
easy on the mustard you gravel scratchin
clams histor so your brain is trying to
figure out what mustard and gravel
scratching and clam Fister have in
common and the answer is nothing but
your brain can't accept that because it
understands the sentence get it you
understood the sentence but it also
doesn't make any sense at all so that's
that's exactly the what would you call
it the formula you understand it and it
doesn't make sense at the same time so
that's that's probably one of the
strongest rules of of humor all right
I I saw this story in the New York Post
and I swear I've never loved my country
more than this you know I'm quite
patriotic you know down to the DNA level
but there are moments there are moments
when you love your country like more
than just the citizens loves their
country there are moments when you're
not just loving your country but you're
in love with your country do you know
what I mean like it goes that extra
level where you say I don't just like
the United States and appreciate its
system of government I think I love it
and that happened when I read this
headline and then they are tossed de
Blasio social distancing tipline that's
the one where you can call in and say I
saw somebody who's not socially
distancing so de Blasio's a social
distancing tipline flooded with penis
photos and Hitler beams I've never loved
my country more I swear to god there's
moments like this where I just fought I
just love this country so that's
the most American protest I've ever
heard of what could be more American
that de Blasio the mayor of New York
basically asks the citizens to rat on
each other and and then the rkers flood
is tip lined with penis photos and
hitler beams now they help wooden beams
being you know calling calling de Blasio
Hitler oh god I love this country
I really do sorry so funny I think you
just can't stand today more all right
ah you know I tell you nothing gives me
more encouragement about the future of
the future of the United States then
stuff like this like as much as I don't
think it's a good idea to be protesting
the social isolation I love the fact
that we are like I can't separate the
fact I can't separate the fact that my
head that we should not be gathering in
groups without masks to protest social
distancing we just shouldn't be doing
that at the other hand I love the fact
that we are I can't I can't separate
those thoughts I can hold them both
anyway the Canaries of the coal mine for
what I would call the the Left leaving
world and I've said this before Michael
Moore Bill Maher baby Matt Taibbi you
could think of a few more these are
people who would be the first to realize
that their own side was full of crap if
it is now if it's not of course they
won't but I would call them the the
people who are most likely to be able to
call out their own side for being wrong
now on the conservative side I would say
maybe Tucker Carlson and Greg Gutfeld
would be similar on the you know more
right leading news in the sense that
they would be among the first who would
call out their own side for being dumb
if they saw something that was done so
there are several people that I just
watched for a leading indicator because
if Tucker goes hard in a direction it
kind of predicts doesn't it it kind of
predicts where things might go and
likely likewise if Bill Maher or Tybee
or Michael Moore make a change and also
I think signals something and so that
brings us to the Michael Moore backed
documentaries he's the executive
producer not not the talent in it of
this planet of the Hugh
documentary that I mentioned it but I
had not seen it until last night I saw
all but the last 10 minutes and I don't
think I missed anything in the last time
is but here's the basic thrust of it so
it's somebody that Michael Moore decided
to back you know as executive director
and the the essence of it is that the
green technologies are all bunk and this
it's just smoke and mirrors and it's
really not real then it could never
replace fossil this mostly depends on
fossil you still need fossil you still
need your electrical lines you can't
really get off the grid doesn't work
when it's rainy it's hard to dispose of
them that solar panels only work for ten
years
they're big you know big solar plants
that were built with great fanfare that
are being taken down a different kind of
solar so basically the the documentary
essentially completely eviscerates the
academic argument or even the moral
argument for a green energy and one of
the biggest things that I learned and I
didn't know this was that we have a huge
green so-called green energy in biomass
I didn't know anything about this did
you know that there I don't know
hundreds or hundreds of biomass
electrical generators around the country
and the reason that they use biomass is
that it's it's sort of right on the
border of being is this renewable it's
renewable because it's trees but it uses
so many trees that I don't think you
could redo them so it's sort of an anti
renewable thing that people call
renewable because you can argue that you
can grow a new tree but I don't know if
you could argue that you can grow them
fast enough so that part was missing and
so here's here's some of my overall
comments on this number one I think this
ends any chance of the green new deal I
think it's over
I think it's the second biggest story of
the year that because it's not
coronavirus but the second biggest story
of the year is that when Michael Moore
turns in a you know fairly full throated
way against standard green Energy's
solar and biomass and windmills
when Michael Bohr goes that's the end of
it isn't it because any okay or si can
argue all day long that it's a good idea
and the whole argument is going to turn
it to this did you see Michael Moore's
documentary you're the one the one he
backed that's the whole argument the
green New Deal is actually dead it's
completely dead now you could have
argued that baby was dead anyway because
the coronavirus because we spent all our
money so we couldn't do much about it
and you know maybe we stopped trusting
long-term prediction models because of
the corona virus which would make people
more skeptical of climate change models
so I was thinking that that green New
Deal might have been dead anyway and
then the Michael Moore documentary comes
along and by itself it would have killed
the green New Deal but if you add it all
together this is the biggest story
that's not being covered the green New
Deal is just totally banned now how
credible is the documentary and now
here's the bad news the bad news is it's
not very credible at all so if you're
looking at the quality and credibility
of the documentary itself I would say
it's very low very low and I'll give you
some specific reasons for that but
nonetheless because it exists and
because the the general thrust of it I
think is probably accurate the general
thrust of it is that the green energies
are not as promising as the people
promoting them would like you to believe
and the general thrust is that a lot of
the people pushing green technologies
are in there for the money it makes the
case that Al Gore is the bad guy can you
believe that a Michael Moore film backed
film
makes the case the Algor only did it for
the money and it's all and
that's I'm paraphrasing but that's the
sense I got from Newt you know it I
watched it and I thought the movie was
telling me that Al Gore was a fraud he
did it for the money and that the
technologies that are being pushed just
can't work and he made lots of money off
pushing that's what that's not my
allegation I think that's what the the
film is saying but here's why the film
lacks credibility I'll just give you
some examples imagine if you will
somebody makes it an entire documentary
about green energy and not once mentions
nuclear power I mean seriously
there is a comparison of fossil fuels to
these traditional green energies an
entire movie about energy and they don't
mention nuclear power do you know why
they don't mention nuclear power it's
because they know it's the answer and
they can't go that far I think now I
can't read minds so when somebody says
something like I just said your first
thought should be well you're not
reading the mind you don't know they
think that and of course I don't but
what would be your other explanation for
why people who are let's say getting
read build on their own people who
thought these green technologies were
the bomb and now they're saying okay we
were fooled maybe they're not the answer
how would those people do an entire
documentary on energy production and not
even mention nuclear what's it what
what's the other reason they would not
mention it I can't think of one the only
reason I could think of and again it's
speculation because I can't read their
minds my speculation is that they're
either convinced or leaning toward it
being the answer and they can't say that
because if you're Michael Moore it's a
big stretch to say did you know solar
power isn't what you thought it was
that's a big movement now he's been
pacing his side
doing things they agree with for years
and years and years so maybe he can lead
them you know maybe he's exactly the
right maybe you know this is Nixon can
go to China sort of thing maybe Michael
Moore is the only person who could
convince some solar and and wind are not
the answer but could even Michael Moore
take them all the way past that to
nuclear I don't think he could and maybe
you know one can speculate that he would
be smart enough to know that and may
have just said you know that's a fight
for another day so it's so conspicuous
by its absence you know that it had to
be a conversation that the filmmaker had
probably with Michael Moore at some
point where they said you know the only
way I'm going to be able to do this is
to just not mention nuclear energy like
it doesn't exist because then at least I
can make a clean argument without that
getting in the way so it could have been
just a filmmaker decision but it's so
obviously missing that it destroys the
credibility of the entire operation the
other thing that it's missing is any
kind of an economic comparison that
would be credible so while it is true to
say hey these solar powers only last ten
years they're heard in terms of waste
etc I'd still like to see the comparison
just because the Solar has downsides
that's true of every option just simply
pointing out that there are downsides to
green energy doesn't get me all the way
to and therefore is not a good deal I
can't get there all I know is that it
has some downsides
so no credibility for the the economics
of it simply it's saying that it has
problems and we already knew that here's
another problem he used as some of its
examples it went to some green energy
promoted concerts and the concerts were
billed as being sort of off the grid and
using solar power to power the concert
but when the documentary maker went
behind these
seeds he learned that they had backup
generators and they needed him because
it wasn't sunny all the time so the
backup generators were to fill and for
the times it wasn't sunny
and so the filmmaker sort of concluding
that maybe a lot of these green energy
things are frauds because behind behind
the stage literally behind the stage was
a backup generator using in that case
biomass but it wasn't enough I think
they had to use fossil fuels or
something and I would say that is
totally illegitimate so using those
examples as examples of white green
energy is maybe a fraud completely
illegitimate because nobody makes the
claim that you could do a concert on
solar panels nobody makes that claim
so do debunk a claim that nobody's
making and to throw it in the mix I
don't think that's honest
that really detracts from your
credibility so I would say that whether
or not you can put on a concert with
solar panels doesn't really tell you
whether you know whether a permanent
installation in which solar is part of
the answer could ever be economical so
he doesn't really close the gap to you
know finish the economic arguments
that's a big problem here's one that's
really big in my opinion he shows a Elon
Musk claiming that his gigafactory would
be 100% green energy self-sufficient and
then to debunk that claim from Elon who
said they had accomplished doctor
percent you know green mean energy he
shows that he shows that the gigafactory
is actually connected by wires to the
regular grid and so his conclusion is
well you must not be 100 percent green
energy you know using your solar or
whatever locally if you have to be
connected to the grid then somebody's
saying batteries and Senator right so
here's what's missing if you were
completely self-sufficient with a
hundred percent green energy you would
still be connected to the grid that one
preclude the other why would you be
connected to the regular grid if you
were making a hundred percent of your
own energy well if you'd looked into it
even this much you would know that there
are several reasons that potentially
that's true number one if you say that
you can produce a hundred percent of
your energy what do you do with the
extra right I did
Elon Musk ever make the claim that they
were producing exactly a hundred percent
of their energy as in they don't need
any extra from the outside ever but they
also don't make any extra did he make
that claim do you make the claim that
every day no matter what's happening
with the Sun the exact amount of energy
they're making is just the amount they
need no he never made that claim and if
you can't make exactly the amount you
need every day what do you do well if
you're making too much every day you
connect to the grid and sell it back to
them that's how it works the panels on
my house are not off the grid the panels
on my house go directly into the grid I
sell them electricity essentially by
just giving them electricity and then
they they measure how much I give them
and then I use their electricity off the
grid for my household appliances but
they say oh we won't charge you the full
price because you gave us some free
solar panel energy you know separately
that's how it works so if if the
gigafactory is like anybody else who
uses solar panels they have to be
connected to the grid that's how it
works you give your energy to the grid
and and that helps balance out the load
at the grid and then the grid gives you
a consistent amount back including at
night here's another reason that they
could be attached to the grid even if
they have their own power how do you
build the plant in the first place this
plant is out in the middle of nothing
how did they construct it if they didn't
have power well I would think the very
first thing you would do is you say well
I'm going to build this giant facility
in the middle of nowhere
I'd better get me some electricity first
thing you do is run the connection from
the power grid to you know build your
solar plants and your factory right so
it could be just left over from when
they did construction then why would you
take it away once you built it you could
just leave it there in case you need it
could be built there as just a backup
what if even if they're getting 100
percent of their energy from solar
panels what if they said to themselves
you know it might might break someday
someday it might stop working so why
don't we have a backup to the grid at
which we needed to build anyway during
the construction phase so my point is we
don't know why Tesla is connected to the
grid but we do we do know there's a
whole bunch of explanations that are far
more likely than it's all a fraud right
here's a so given that nuclear wasn't
mentioned and these other these other
comparisons were just really sketchy I'd
have to say it's not credible but it's
still gonna be very persuasive at the
the larger argument I saw a very clever
presumably fake campaign ad for Joe
Biden now the really good fakes the ones
that the trolls are putting together are
the ones that are so close to reality
somebody says you debunked nothing
who says I debunked nothing now are you
telling me that a energy documentary a
documentary about energy that doesn't
mention nuclear you said you're saying
that I haven't debunked it that alone
debunks it you know all the rest is just
gravy so I don't know why you're
watching if you think that wasn't the
book that's pretty debunked anyway there
was campaign ad that I think is put
together by trolls that have said is
just shows Joe Biden and there's like
this glow coming from his chest where
his heart would be and the words of the
posters say his his brains know his
heart and people thought it might have
been a real campaign ad and that they
were giving
on Joe Biden's brain being a selling
point and they were just going with he's
a nice guy he's got a good heart but
that again fits the category of
a little bit two other those the this
campaign ad looks a little bit too close
to what his critics would say then his
brain doesn't work so I rated this as
probably a troll thing and then people
said that if you click on it goes to a
broken link so I still think it was a
yeah had to be a parody but look for the
parodies that are so close to what you
think would be true that that's what
makes them clever I guess there's a
whole bunch of new rumors about Bill
Gates and the World Health Organization
and the lab and you know the virus
having gain-of-function and stuff I
would say another that's likely to be
true so you can ignore all that bad Bill
Gates sure is a subject of a lot of
conspiracy theories CNN is reporting
quote the quiet abandonment of
hydroxychloroquine on Fox Network
because the studies are not giving it
enough support so see that as sort of
mocking Fox News for making a big deal
about the hydroxychloroquine but giving
really quiet about it as the new studies
come out if you know what I mean but
this latest study or at least one of
them I don't think they're testing it
necessarily with the sink there may be
one test where they did but I don't know
if they're giving it to people early on
and they're also giving it with them as
it through my Samantha's Inc so be
careful when you're looking at the
hydroxychloroquine the tests because
they're not apples to apples the ones
that work have the three drugs
hydroxychloroquine as if devices ache I
should say the ones that are reported
anecdotally not confirmed but it seemed
to be effective the ones that seemed not
to work at all and maybe it's even bad
for people tend to be the
hydroxychloroquine the loud
or with a zither bison but because the
zinc is presumed to be the magic
ingredient the thing that works with the
hydroxychloroquine then if you tested
one without the other you wouldn't
actually be testing what you need to
test it's good to test everything but
you know presumably you would get a bad
result if you didn't include it with the
zinc and that's what we saw but there
might be at least one where the zinc was
there and they still didn't get a good
result so a little unclear about where
we are on that I'll get her I'm gonna
keep my 60/40 odds
based on early undependable reporting I
would say there's probably a 60% chance
it's not effective and a 40% chance it
is just just my read of you know how it
feels when they'll solid information at
this point
apparently kim jeong-hoon is not dead or
if he is north korea is not aware of it
because they seem to be just doing
business as usual so there's no sign
that North Korea that there's anything
like Kim jogo died or even break that
that doesn't mean it didn't happen we
haven't seen them in a while but it's
actually not that uncommon to have wild
rumors that just are crazy and turn out
to be false as is you could you could
expect this to happen
so the Israelis we're shipping various
aid medical aid and food and stuff to
the some of the the Palestinian
Authority and they're trying to help out
and what of course happened immediately
immediately the rumor spread that the
Israelis were not really trying to help
that they were putting virus all the
stuff that they were shipping to the
Palestinians because they really wanted
to infect the Palestinians now it just
doesn't help - it just doesn't pay to
try to help the world does it Bill Gates
wakes up every day it just tries to help
the world and that he's accused of being
basically the devil
Israel is just trying to help the
Palestinian Authority and they get
accused of trying to kill them
I feel like doing good deeds just
doesn't pay too much all right let's
talk about the president's temporary ban
on the immigration yeah apparently 79
percent of the American adults are in
favor of it and why would they be make
sense so I think the president not only
is doing at least something right - ish
I'm not sure who's getting banned and
who's not it's a little unclear at this
point but certainly we should be looking
at typing that up during the corona
virus but here's the clever part it it
baits Joe Biden into giving an opinion
what exactly will what exactly will Joe
Biden say to the Trump plan of
temporarily halting immigration because
it might be dangerous and and we need
the jobs of this country it kind of puts
Joe Biden to the trap right because you
can make a case you can make a case for
it but I don't know if Joe Biden can
you'd have to work pretty hard to make
an elegant argument for why you would
you'd want to do the opposite of what
the president's do because Joe Biden has
to take the opposite he has to pick the
opposite oh yeah maybe he'll just call
them racist go back to the go back to
the the oldies let's say apparently
there's an idea floating around that the
Democrats need to counter president
Trump's coronavirus briefings because
they're too much like the campaign and
so that the thought was that Biden could
create a shadow cabinet and then they
would take turns each of them debunking
whatever the president says during his
briefing I've read it write that as
possibly the worst idea I've ever heard
there's so many there are so many bad
things about that idea that I'm really
hoping they do it because first of all
they're they're going to disappear
compare it to the president
the president brings the show the best
they could do is have some talking hat
in front of a camera saying he lied
about everything like they do after the
State of the Union but nobody's gonna
care nobody's gonna care and if you and
if they're this shadow cabinet
everybody's gonna be talking about the
cabinet choices so it's just going to
give the president new targets there's a
new study provocative it is provocative
I say I'm not sure I believe it and
other people are questioning you too so
the new study that that disputes the
finding of a new study that suggests Oh
Fox News disputes this all right so
there's a study but Fox News disputes
and says it's a weak study not real and
the study alleges that regular viewers
of the Hannity show were more likely to
die from coronavirus than those who
preferred Tucker Carlson's tonight and
their reasoning was that Tucker was
early in warning that it was a real
problem and allegedly Hannity was less
early being as serious as Tucker was and
that it actually killed this and that
some of Hannity's people died because
they got bad advice from watching his
show
now what if Fox News says they dispute
the findings I think you could really
dispute those findings people are saying
in the comments as I was going to save
myself that you have to be careful there
might be a demographic difference you
know the the Tucker viewers might be
over you know so you can imagine there
would be lots of reasons why they would
be different but I also think a lot of
people watch both a lot of people yeah I
just don't think you could you can pick
out that difference but let's say it's
true what if it were even Scott was
hooked by a hydroxy yeah this will be
the part where everybody redefines what
I said so that could be wrong and you
why watch the evolution of this watch
people claim with their false memories
that I said hydroxychloroquine was the
answer I never said that hey you won't
be able to find it anywhere but you'll
remember that I did it just didn't
happened every time that I talked about
it I was always clear to say you know
we're optimistic we're hopeful but we
don't have studies where am i right now
pretty much the same I'm optimistic I'm
hopeful we don't have studies but I'm
putting a percentage on it now because
we have more negative anecdotal so I
think it's like a 60/40 40% chance of it
working if you're an optimist pretty
good pretty good so if you're already
telling me that I'm wrong or that I've
changed my mind you are misinformed it
is true that I've probably shifted the
percentage of my optimism but it's not
like it was ever a hundred or anywhere
near it maybe it was never I would say I
probably do it from 80 to 60% or no ad I
probably moved from 60 to 40 my own my
own assessment but that was well within
the you know the uncertainty range all
right
what else we got going on here well if
it's true let's say it was true
let's say the studies support the fact
that people who were warned early about
the seriousness of the coronavirus were
more likely to survive would that not
would that not indicate that I had saved
a number of lives wouldn't wouldn't you
say that I was the first one who said
close those flights from China and I
probably was the first earliest pundit
except for Jack episodic who said close
travel from China because it's serious
or until we find out how serious it is
but it looks there is and if people who
watched my periscope took that seriously
is it possible that I saved lives well
according to the study which doesn't
sound too credible
maybe you know if a hundred thousand
people watched by periscope and got a
more a bigger scare about it and
therefore active more more salacious
social isolating ly maybe maybe I saved
some of your lives but I'm not sure
these studies will hold up all right
apparently Russia's got an interesting
situation going down there because I
guess Russia's not doing the greatest
job of informing its people or taking
care of the coronavirus and Putin's
popularity which is usually sky-high has
fallen to 63% so it's normally in the
higher 60s or 70s and so given that you
wonder if Putin is actually vulnerable
probably that but I'll bet you this
coronavirus does change some regimes I
would guess that the coronavirus
situation will change who runs some
countries eventually we don't know which
one so we're starting to see what I call
the coral stories so a few days ago I
tweeted this I said it about a week
prepare for none sob stories and
depressed like this quote Carl protested
the economic shutdown he did not wear a
mask
now Carl is dead and so is his grandma
don't be Carl because you know they're
coming
well headline today John McDaniel age 60
of Marion County died April 15th and
Hospital blah blah he has me he had made
several posts about the coronavirus on
Facebook last month before testing
positive this is from this guy's
Facebook posts quote does anybody have
the guts to say this kovat 19 is a
political ploy asking for a friend
prove me wrong and that he got it and
then he died so that's your first
coral story you are going to see so many
coral stories in the next week you're
gonna be tired of them you
a question I have the reason for a
closing immigration is because we have
so many people at at work and the theory
is that Americans could do those jobs of
the immigrants I've never seen any
evidence of that I would say that the
statement that Americans can take the
jobs that the immigrants would not be
doing if they're not allowed to come
into work I would say there's no
evidence of that I've seen evidence
against it but I've never had seen
evidence is true and here's what I mean
if you take the skilled technical
workers the reason that skilled
technical workers are hired from
overseas is not because they're cheaper
I mean they might be I don't know if
they are or not but that's not why you
do it
you do it because you can't fight enough
in Silicon Valley finding somebody with
technical skills is getting really hard
or at least it was during the during the
better times now so this might be the
only time when we don't need any more
skilled workers for a few months but
serving that some of the skilled workers
got laid off but in general the reason
that we have skilled workers come in is
that they add to the economy so if you
bring in a skilled worker a technical
worker I would say they add board in the
economy for everybody that they subtract
but what about the ones who are you know
working on the farms and doing
dishwashers and stuff like that well
here's my here's my experience somebody
says they are paid less that's not the
reason you do it you the reason you do
it is because you can't you can't find
enough technical workers that's a bonus
if you if you find a way to pay the less
that would be a bonus in my experience
running a restaurant
you can't find non Mexican workers you
can't find American citizens to do a lot
of jobs they would rather just not have
a job so if you said to the Mexican
immigrants well your choice is to have
no job or you can have this back
breaking labor the Mexican immigrant
will say yeah a back-breaking labor
that's exactly why I came here I came
here to do back-breaking labor of course
I'll take that job
and then they'll take that job if you
say to an American this is my experience
right so this is just anecdotal but I
would be looking for anybody to give me
a counterfactual if you say to the
typical American hey I got this you know
this job for you it's back-breaking
labor you know but maybe it could turn
into something better the average
American who is unemployed
and is only qualified for that job will
say some version of this yeah I think
I'll wait and see if I could get
something better so if you think you can
get Americans to take those jobs well
good luck I think what you'll find is as
Americans will prefer unemployment to
working those jobs that's my experience
my experience is that they will prefer
unemployment now somebody says pay them
exclamation mark thank you so somebody
who has an understanding of economics
says yeah the reason the Americans still
take those jobs is they don't pay well
now the reason that okay well of course
is that if they did then the cost of
your food would you know be far higher
maybe that's the better solution but in
any case you're just trading one problem
for another but we should be aware of
that I in the short run
while the because the wages would not be
going up that much in the short run
I just think farms and other places who
require a back-breaking labor are not
going to be able to find America's to do
it Americans don't do bracket labor if
they have an option of you know staying
on their mother's couch and eating their
mother's cooking we just don't do it
that's been my experience there's a a
so-called White House bureau chief for
the Washington Post and Phillip Phillip
Rucker he's claimed even yesterday
claimed that Trump had solid arity with
Bo Nazis in Charlottesville literally
the opposite that what happened this is
a bureau chief from the Washington Post
and it's somehow not aware of the most
debunked fake news of all time it is the
most thoroughly completely debunked all
you have to do is look at the record you
just have to look at the transcript
that's it there's no judgment there's no
opinion you just have to look at it
there it is
debunked and the white and the the
Whitehouse bureau chief from The
Washington Post was not aware of that or
decided to act like he didn't know so
Joe Pollak in Breitbart pointed that out
and corrected the record yet again how
many times do we have to correct that
record all right well I think I've
talked about all the amazing things I
want to talk about now and we're still
trying to figure out if so there's a new
report that says baby the first person
to end Crona virus was much earlier than
we thought which would indicate maybe
there's more widespread infection that
we thought maybe it started back in
January which would have given enough
time to be more widespread than we think
it is I don't believe anything at this
point you know maybe maybe it's true but
I also can't distinguish between that
and of you know just there's a handful
of people who have it and it just took a
while to catch on I can't tell the
difference so I don't know if this story
beans anything or not
anyway trope uses the word plague yeah I
like it how did a source who outed the
source all right just looking at your
comments before I sign off
don't forget our welfare state okay
thank you I want so to think that
Phillip Rucker is aware about lying I
don't think so if I had to bet on it and
it would neither of us know because we
don't know what he's thinking if I had
to bet I would bet that Phillip Rucker
does not know that he was promoting the
biggest debunked hoax in politics I'll
bet he does not know and it's based on
this the silos of
how much do you think Philip Rucker has
listened to this periscope I would say
zero times how many times does Phil
Rucker read breitbart at least before
before today because he's probably
reading it today because there's an
article about him but before today how
much time did he spend reading Breitbart
zero now if you didn't follow me you
didn't follow Breitbart Steve Cortese
was talking about it until it C then
kicked him off the air they untied him
for talking about debunking this hoax
so even if Philip Proctor watches CNN
where there was like a full-time debunk
er they removed the full-time debunker
quickly just so he didn't actually give
anybody any information so if you were a
conservative I'll give you this a
concrete example if you were a
conservative and you watch the new
Michael Moore backed movie about green
energy being largely BS did you already
know that and the answer is if you're a
conservative probably yes because when I
watched it I was surprised to have any
biomass plants that were that part I
didn't know about but I wasn't surprised
at all to hear that the economics of
solar and wind etc are not promising I
do that because I've been exposed to do
something left I've been exposed to do
this on the right but suppose you'd been
only exposed to news on the left what
would you have ever seen that would have
ever told you that this green energy is
maybe overrated nothing because there
are no reports like that on the left so
I would say that people like Phil Rucker
I think actually are just not informed
of everything that the people on the
right think is common sense because
they've seen it so many times I mean how
many times have you because most of you
are Trump supporters watching this how
many times have you seen an article that
says basically what the Michael Moore
documentary said that the Greve energy
is not such a great deal most of you
right
probably almost every one of you how
many how many people on the Left have
ever seen that have ever seen any
article that suggests that the green
energy is not real probably bad so if
you ask me this Philip Rucker know that
he is promoting the most debunked most
easily debunked non-fact in the world my
answer is probably not he probably has
never been exposed to that fact very
easily it would be about that you could
easily imagine it so that's my opinion
all right
that's all I got for now and tonight
I'll talk to you tonight how I went over
time tonight I would longer than one so
I'll let you there when my interview
with Dan Crenshaw is live I don't have
it time for that but as soon as it is
all I'll tweet it so I did get I was on
Dan Crenshaw's podcast I think it went
well we had a good conversation and I
think you might like it
all right I'll talk to you later