pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom hey everybody come on in here
plain old Mike Joe and that's actually
his name plain ol Mike it's not an
insult
hey everybody Robert Andrews come on in
here good to see all of you and I'm
pretty sure that many of you are
prepared for the simultaneous sip
because it's coming at you it's coming
at yard if you've got a cup or a mug or
a glass if you've got a Steiner a
chalice or a thermos some kind of a
flask a container of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the simultaneous
enter good stuff well the big news the
big news of the day I'm sure you've all
seen it by now the Weiner is out that's
right yes Annie Weiner is free free the
Weiner I say that's the entire story of
course Fox News carries it on their
website is like the top story there's
nothing funnier than switching back and
forth between Fox and CNN and watching
what things each of them prioritize and
watching Fox News prioritize Anthony
Weiner is just always good for a laugh
because you know it's just it's just
candy for their side there's no story
there I mean could we care any less
about Anthony Weiner getting into jail
is there anything that affects us less
than that nothing it's the least
important story in the world
what is funny let's talk about other
things
so I spent much of yesterday's playing a
whack-a-mole with the so called fighting
people hoax the hoax that President
called you know Nazis in Charlottesville
find people when in fact the actual
transcript shows he said exactly the
opposite of that now when I show people
that they have been hoaxed what is the
most common thing that people say
they say Scott stop gaslighting me I
heard it with my own ears I saw him say
it live with my own eyes you can't fool
me because I saw it I heard it here's
the thing we no longer live in an age
we're seeing it and hearing it mean
anything do you know what I saw and what
I heard I saw that Covington kid being a
real jerk and maybe a racist to that
poor Native American guy that's what I
saw saw it with my own eyes
heard it with my own ears oh it didn't
happen there was no reality that
corresponds corresponds to what I saw
with my own eyes there there was no
reality that correspond with what I
thought I heard with my own ears
we just don't live in that world anymore
and the primary source of the fine
people hoax is that the first part of
what the president said is always shown
in which he says something that does
sound and beg us but knowing that it
could sound ambiguous the president
without any prompting and during that
same set of statements said
unambiguously that I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and white nationalists
they should be condemned totally so when
that part is cut out people imagine and
they have a false memory of seeing
something that didn't happen say mr.
Covington kids now when I tell you that
there are people who see things that
didn't happen and hear things that
didn't happen do you say to yourself
well that's something that happens to
other people thank God I'm smart because
I see things that really happened I hear
things that really happened is that what
you think do you think this is sort of a
weird thing that happens to other people
because that's a problem
if you think it's only happening to
other people you you have another level
of awareness which you probably will
soon discover which is that it happens
to everyone right now sometimes happens
to you sometimes undoubtedly happens to
me in fact the Covington kids case is a
case where it did happen to me and
temporarily I lived in a reality that
didn't exist I thought something
happened I thought I saw it it just
didn't happen but here are a couple that
I submit to you if you think that AOC
really believes that the world will end
in 12 years because of climate change
well you could think that because of the
larger context or the the sum of all the
things she said perhaps but if you think
you heard it with your own ears and you
saw it with your own eyes think again
because I saw it and I heard it at the
same time you did and it didn't look
like that to me to me it looked like she
was using hyperbole to say we better get
on this aggressively and soon in the
next ten years etc or else were in big
trouble
which is consistent with what scientists
say
likewise with that alleged law that
would allow that would allow a doctor to
execute a baby after birth the baby
being one that would otherwise survive
if you believe you heard the governor of
Virginia say that with your own ears and
you saw it with your own eyes I just
want to tell you I saw it and I heard it
too except that's not what I saw and
what I heard what I saw it heard is
somebody talking in the context
obviously of hospice meaning a baby that
wasn't going to survive under any
conditions how long do you let her
survive when you know it won't survive
that was the context I saw now many
people say but that's not what he said
that's now what I heard and he right
that's not exactly what he said but the
context was still
obvious and by now other people would
have confirmed if anybody actually
believed that it would be okay to
execute a baby so here's all that would
ask of you I know that some of you just
got triggered because you said no those
other examples you gave me I know those
other people are mistaken that they
heard or saw something but this one this
one's true why is it you because I heard
it and I saw it it doesn't mean anything
anymore
stuff you hear with your own ears even
when you hear it correctly the actual
words even if your every word correctly
and you see it with your own eyes
doesn't mean anything anymore we don't
live in a world we don't live in a world
somebody made me laugh sorry just
reading the comment somebody made me
laugh
we don't live in a world where you can
believe your eyes or believe your ears
you have to know the whole context or
you don't have a chance of understanding
what's going on so somebody's somebody
made me laugh by saying that I was gas
lighting and they were chanting when
they said it now I like to teach you
when to recognize cognitive dissonance
the cleanest best example of a tell for
cognitive dissonance this is this is
this is triggered by somebody being
exposed to a fact or a truth that is so
opposite of everything they believe to
be true
that they can't incorporate the new
information they have to hallucinate to
create a new reality in which they can
still be right all along even when the
the the facts are clearly proven that
they were wrong all along and what
people will do instead of saying I will
check your fact oh I guess your fact is
right now that I have this new fact I
will I will you know change my opinion
that never happens instead they imagine
a new reality and the most common one
I'm seeing now is this gas lighting
thing so it's actually a word that's
been invented and I don't I'm not
kidding about this this will sound like
an exaggeration but it seems like a word
which of course did
had a real meaning that came from a
movie etc but it's been repurposed that
word gas lighting to be a word that's an
escape valve for people who had their
worldview just annihilated
now you don't often see people have
their worldview annihilated do you know
why that is why is it that people rarely
have their worldview on island it's
because there are very few people who
know how to do it most people are just
arguing in the usual political way I say
this you say this and and nothing
happens it's just two people who are
throwing facts at each other and fake
news at each other and then they go away
mostly people do not are never presented
with an argument or a set of facts that
actually just dismantles everything they
believed it's very rare but I do it
fairly regularly i dismantle people's
entire worldview right in front of them
in real time all the time it's because
I'm a trained hypnotist right not
everybody can do it in fact it's pretty
rare but you've watched me do it and you
you're watching me do it publicly with
this fine people hoax now when people
have their worldview annihilated and you
actually show them the transcript then
the transcript is unambiguous if you
look at it there's nothing else to say
you can tell your entire worldview was
just wrong so what do people say they
say I'm gaslighting they actually
hallucinate a word a world in which I'm
making up an alternate reality for the
intention of convincing them that they
have a mental problem
so they've convinced themselves that
they can stop looking at the facts even
when the facts are unambiguous here's
the transcript you can listen to the
actual video and see that it's at this
accurate
that's as that's as objective as you can
get you can't get more objective than
here's the transcript here's the video
listen to it yourself
so people will retreat from the the fact
case when they see that there's no
there's no way to get out of it there
the facts are so honor big ewis and they
will start saying well you just drive
the gas light us which is just a change
of subject and an entirely new imagined
world in which I'm using my powers to
make people think they're crazy now why
would I be doing that well I don't know
I guess they imagined I had to have some
motive for making people artificially
feel they're insane I don't know what
that motive would be I would have to be
a pretty evil person to have that kind
of motive so when he when you see people
say gas lighting it means that they have
completely they've completely caved on
the facts of this situation the other
thing you see is the the word salad and
then you see the people the other thing
you'll see on the fine people hoax is
that people will retreat to the
following argument they'll say Scott yes
I see what you're saying
technically technically the president
didn't call the actual marching
neo-nazis find people but still anybody
who shows up for a white supremacist
rally is clearly a white supremacist
Scott Scott Scott can't you see that
anybody who shows up would have to be a
white supremacist otherwise why would
you go to a white supremacist rally
unless you were a white supremacist well
what's interesting about this this
retreat to that position is that it
makes the opposite assumption about
Republicans then Democrats make every
other minute of their life what is the
primary thing that the people on the
Left think about the people on the right
what is the one thing they are positive
is true about the people on the right go
what is what is the one thing everyone
on the Left thinks is generally true
pretty much everybody on the right dumb
you you get partial credit for saying
dumb and racist so yes they think the
racist but they also think they're dumb
right another educated etc but in this
one situation the left has built this
artificial world in their mind in which
for just this one topic this one event
the unite the right event that was in
Charles Ville it's the only topic for
which a hundred percent of the people on
the right who saw what was going on
interpreted it correctly here here are
the names of the people that were on the
flyer for the unite the right I get a
read off the names of the people who are
listed as speakers because this was the
only clue that you would have that this
was a racist event now some of the names
on this list you and I will recognize as
people who have racist histories but ask
yourself this of the general public if
you were to pick you know just a hundred
people randomly from the United States
adults how many of the people and of a
hundred would recognize even one name on
this list and no knows something about
that person right here are the names
Mikey
Enoch he's listed first as the speaker
how many of you knew who Mike Enoch is I
don't never heard of them second speaker
was Augustus and victus have you ever
heard him do you know about his terrible
past I don't even know I don't know if
he has a terrible past does he have no
idea how many people out of 100 would
recognize those names they were the top
two names on on one of the versions of
the Flyers I think there were different
Flyers but people saw a different stuff
then you get down to the ones that
become more likely to be recognized
Richard Spencer and Jason Kessler how
many people in the United States would
recognize those two names well if you're
a political junkie like I am and like
many of you are because you want
be watching this periscope unless you
cared about politics I would say
probably 75% of us are the people
watching the people watching this
periscope while I be asking of the
people watching this periscope who are
by far in the you know the most informed
political people just by the factor that
you're watching this periscope how many
of you would recognize even those names
how many have even heard those names
before well for this group I'd say at
least 75% for the public in general five
percent I'm guessing that the number of
people who would even have heard of
these names and recognized them to be
attached to something they didn't like
would be something like 5 percent and
yet the general assumption the general
assumption on the left is that a hundred
percent because this is important that
it's important that it's a hundred
percent because their whole worldview
falls apart if it's only 98 percent is
there anything you could say about a
large gathering of Americans that would
be true of a hundred percent of all the
people who showed up for anything can
you ever get a hundred percent of
Americans to show up in a large group
and they're all the same person or the
same point of view that's never happened
in the history but this is a one time so
that's how the the folks who believe the
finding people hoax they're trying to
retreat to okay the the top line of the
hoax is as a hoax he didn't call the
neo-nazis find people he said the
opposite in clear words but why did
people show up and the answer is I
talked to you personally two people with
Jewish backgrounds who showed up to a
neo-nazi rally let me say that again I
personally be Scott Adams I have
personally talked to two people who
showed up for this rally who are Jewish
I think one is practicing one is Jewish
bye-bye
ground and both of them told me the same
thing I didn't know what the hell's
gonna go on there they were kind of
surprised that they showed up at a
neo-nazi rally now have you heard that
in the news when you watched the press
reports do you remember all of the press
reports in which they interviewed people
who showed up to the events you've never
seen one you tell me and all the news
about the Charlottesville event tell me
how many people they interviewed who
showed up four you know unless a on the
opposing the statute or the supporting
the statue side how many people did they
talk to I'm not a reporter I've talked
to two people personally and I have the
name of another guy a black guy who
showed up I haven't talked to him yet
but I could contact him if I want to
so I've done no research I just put it
out there somebody wanted to contact me
and sure enough I got contacted by
people who attended the event now if
you're on the left you have a little
trouble believing that a Jewish guy
showed up at a neo-nazi rally but if
you've lived in the real world you know
that if a bunch of people show up
anywhere it's gonna be a diverse crowd
they came for their own reasons half of
them don't know why they're there some
of them are there for exactly the right
reasons many are there for yeah some are
just locals who wandered by they had an
opinion they didn't realize what kind of
an offense it would be they thought it
would be about statues they heard it
from a friend there is no world in which
a hundred percent of the people believe
anything and the president's assumption
that there were some people who were
there for you know purer reasons is
quite confirmed at this point all right
people ask me why did I spend so much
time in this because I spent much of
yesterday slap it down the trolls who we
still believe to find people hoaxes why
do I spend so much time on it it's
because it's not like other things it's
not like other things the fine people
hopes is like the
load-bearing wall for the mental prison
the tedious prison that people are in a
lot of the other things that people
believe that aren't true about President
Trump kind of depend on this fine people
hoax being true because if they can hold
on to that one thing as being definitely
true then all the other things they
wonder about like well when he said
 countries was that racist or
was he really just talking about the
economic situation in those countries
when it said ms-13 or animals was that
really just talking about the criminals
so so the fine people hoax is the
load-bearing wall this supports many of
the other hoaxes that's why it goes so
hard at it
and I am literally trying to correct
history it's one of the most important
points of history and will be reported
forever about this president and about
the people who supported them so part of
this is about me
being part of it's about you because you
were being you're being stained by the
same fake news as I am many of you are
alright I I have this fascination with
understanding the troll activity that
comes at me when I when I talk about
this sort of stuff so many of you have
noticed if you watch my commenting
elsewhere on Twitter you can see that if
I'm saying non-controversial stuff all
the people who were tracked with me or
seemed to be actual human beings they
can disagree they can agree but they
seem to be human beings when I say
something like this that just dismantles
a cherished hoaxes on the on the left
there is what seems to be an organized
and I'll get to why I think it's
organized influx of trolls and the
trolls are easy to identify because they
they have a common approach and they
have a common profile the first thing
that you'll note is that their their
profile is usually a cat or some kind of
a cartoon image as soon as you see the
cat or the cartoon image
that that's the first tell for control
now there are real people who just use
the cat or use a cartoon so it's not
it's not a guarantee that you're a troll
if you have a cat or a cartoon in your
profile but it's a flag so when I see
that I like to okay who's this the next
thing you do is you check the profile
and the number of followers that they
have is somewhere between 0 and 400 and
usually closer to the 200 range because
I'm imagining that the organized trolls
follow each other so that they can all
get to a couple hundred followers to
make it look more real and then the and
then the the most telling tell is that
they come after the person always and
never the argument so the people coming
after me in my case they always have the
same talking point they all say oh the
Garfield guy
oh the Garfield guy or sometimes we'll
throw in Marmaduke or Family Circus so
instead of addressing anything I've said
and think how easy would be to address
it I'm making a factual claim I'm
showing the transcript it's just a fact
argument you said a fact here's the
transcript that prints the facts wrong
they don't address the fact they come
after me with what I think they imagine
would be the most damaging thing they
could do to me psychologically in other
words it's a psychological attack it
appears to be organized and it appears
that they're all looking at some kind of
central source for what kind of an
attack to use now that's the part that I
can't say is I can't say that's
organized for sure because I suppose
it's possible that everybody has
something same dumb idea at the same
time and that's possible right well I
don't see that identical troll by
behavior on other topics you only see
this very specific troll behavior on the
topics that are wait for it
the load-bearing walls when I go after
something that's not important the
trolls don't come out at all I will see
exactly zero ax trolls of the kind I
just described
I'll see zero of them and as soon as I
go after a load-bearing wall and I make
a direct hint boom there's a flood of
trolls so I'm pretty sure they're
organized and I'm pretty sure that
they're so evil that they intentionally
have orders to come after the
personality and not the facts so it's
it's fascinating to watch them now the
thing that they don't count on is that
I'm not like ordinary people so if they
think that shaming me off the platform
is going to work well they don't know
much about me because I use their
activity to magnify my message so
yesterday I posted my own blog post
about the fine people hoax
I don't like dozens and dozens and
dozens of times two trolls who came
after me because somebody's reading the
trolls and every time I put it there it
boosts my message and it puts my message
which has a factual you know is backed
up by sources and facts against the
trolls message which is you must be the
Garfield guy I didn't know you were
still working are you still alive so
it's a really good contrast because
there's just looks silly and small and
it boosts my message so more trolls
better pragma I'm watching the story
switching topics here about the
so-called heartbeat bills the bills that
some states are I guess several states
are introducing bills that would define
a an unborn as as being alive this will
say a fetus with a heartbeat they would
say is alive and therefore you can't
have an abortion so that's the intention
of bills but of course those we'll both
of the Supreme Court I assume they'll be
challenged etc
so so here's my question am I alone in
thinking that the reporting on this
situation is completely inadequate why
is nobody putting this in context for me
and here's the obvious question can like
what what law is being let's see changed
or modified by these new laws in other
words is there enough room in the
existing law and precedent for these
states to make these changes I don't
really understand and I don't see it in
the news reports I don't quite
understand how these state laws about
the heartbeat bill can fit in or be
compatible with or what it changes about
Roe versus Wade like that there's no
context so am I missing it do have any
of you seen a good explanation of how
these heartbeat bills are or not
directly or indirectly opposed to Roe
versus Wade like does anybody tried to
explain to you how they fit together
like I've not seen that so I keep
wanting to have an opinion but I can't
form an opinion because it's just so
obviously I'm under informed and I don't
know why I don't know why the laws it's
like that anyway there's a story about
some publication showed in a poll that
said that men are well people are having
far less sex so there's way less sex
happening and mostly it's among men so
there's just a really big drop in men
having regular sex and of course AOC
weighed in and she said she said if you
think your celibacy in quotes is due to
quote female empowerment because that
was one of the part of the speculation
was there's female empowerment changes
the dynamic and you know it's everything
from the
are too tired because they're working
and etc so part of the speculation was
that something about women having a
better life leads to men having less sex
again that's not my opinion that's just
what was reported a or C was criticizing
that which i think is a fair fair
criticism and then she goes on to say
maybe maybe it's because far too many
people relied on the disempowerment plus
silence of women to not be celibate in
the first place in other words she
thinks that the great drop in men having
sex is because they can't harass women
sexually anymore
so Mayo sees a u.s. whose opinion is
that when you can't be full of Harvey
Weinstein it takes 20% off of the the
sex lives of men in general well you
know the provocative thing about this is
she's probably not a hundred percent
wrong so in terms of in terms of a or
C's persuasion level and in terms of
being a let's say directionally correct
because I'm sure that you know it's not
her point is not wrong it's just that it
may not describe the whole picture it's
just a small picture of a much larger
thing but what amused me the most is
that the most obvious explanations for
this effect are just not mentioned and
and I feel bad being the person who has
to do it isn't there sort of a few more
obvious potential explanations for the
dramatic drop in sex lives of men is it
kind of obvious there are a few that we
should be talking about early
speculation to say why that might be
happening I'm gonna give you a few now
I'm not going to tell you that these are
the answer or that there's one answer
I'm pretty sure it's a number of things
so they're probably a lot of variables
but the big ones that are not being
mentioned is number one the quality of
porn is going up and up and up and up
and up and what I mean by that is that
the ability to find exactly the kind of
porn you want in unlimited amount went
from almost zero let's say when I was a
kid and when I was a kid even if you
wanted to watch porn you could find like
generic you know nudity and people
having sex but the difference between
generic porn and the exact thing that
you want to see the the person you want
to see doing the thing you want to see
dress the way you want them to dress
saying the things you want them to say
is about a million percent difference
all right the difference between the
very best thing you could ever watch on
porn for you the thing that gets you
personally is so different from watching
generic naked people so the quality of
porn has gone through the roof and
appears to be continuing to improve
because it's technology related of
course it would at the same time the
porn is increasing like this the value
of each other as human sex people sort
of declining the value of men for sex is
going down and the value of women for
sex is going down we are becoming less
attractive to each other every year now
if that's not immediately obvious let me
give you some obvious reasons why I
don't think I'm being unkind or cruel to
point out that men are becoming
feminized not all men not all man right
there's nothing I'm gonna say that
applies to all of you or every person or
every man or every woman but in general
men are becoming feminized because the
culture is moving more female you know
and again I'm not saying that's good or
bad
I'm not gonna put an opinion on that
might be good might be good for
something bad for others I don't know I
don't even have an opinion I'm just
saying that men are becoming feminized
as men become feminized do women want to
have sex with them no no of course that
we're not built like that if women
became more masculine would men want to
have sex with them so much no and that's
not saying anything about the people who
were more masculine I'm not insulting
the men or more more feminine this is
there's no insult intended in this
conversation
I'm solidly in the camp who says that
people come in all kinds and that you
can't it just doesn't make sense to
judge them we're all different I'm just
pointing out the facts the landscape it
used to be the people were more toward
the middle you know women were solidly
more female or tried to be or you know
even if they weren't naturally they
would try to be that way to present
themselves men would try to be more
masculine even if it wasn't how they
felt so the things that would cause
people to be inspired to have sex or far
less than they were at the same time
that the competition which is porn and
sex toys and stuff are improving every
day so it would be amazing if the amount
of sex was the same but here's here's
the best part
and there was some article or study
about this so the next thing I say is
not original so this is not my idea it's
just something I saw I can't remember
where I saw it it's the idea that in an
age of tinder where that you know the
20-somethings 30-somethings primarily
ken can quickly look for sex partners
based on primarily their picture who
gets to decide who's having all the sex
well women of course women largely get
to decide who has sex because men are
more likely to be ready if
a wider variety of sex partners and
women are a little more a lot more
selective
so because women are selective and men
are a little less elected it ends up
being the women making the choice you
know yes or no to having sex with this
person well what happens when you have a
tinder or or just online dating in
general if you're a woman and you're
looking through the pictures do you pick
the unattractive men why would you if
you're a woman and you've got all these
men here's flipping through why would
you ever pick an unattractive one even
if you are unattractive you'd pick one
that's the best one you thought you got
it would be pretty good-looking you know
or at least average and the men who were
the attractive ones on tinder how many
sex partners would they get a lot they
would get as much as they want and it
would absorb all the women who normally
would have been distributed across the
population so it leaves all of the men
who don't look good in a picture without
sex gives the primary way that people
meet people who have sex is online and
if and if your if your photo doesn't
work online why would any woman ever
contact you because they don't have to
they can go up the they can go up the
the alpha you know scheduled till they
find something they like anyway so it
should be fairly obvious that there are
a variety of reasons why this has
happened happening none of them are good
dobar appointed an attorney to
investigate the origins of the Russia
investigation that's one of those
stories that you just chuckle to
yourself quietly if you'd like to join
me for a reserved quiet chuckle I'm
gonna I'm gonna read that same thing
again and after I make this statement
join me please for a reserved quiet
chuckle here it comes
Attorney General bar is appointing an
attorney to investigate the origin
of the Russia investigation wasn't that
fun because there's not much else to say
about it right yeah you know Stu early
to know what that will what will happen
but when you hear it all you can all you
can think of is how the people on the
left and especially the people involved
we're going to be investigated how do
they feel about it and thinking about
how they feel about it I I don't want to
find joy in their discomfort unless they
had spent the last two years making me
feel uncomfortable and and threatening
to you know cart me off to jail with
with President Trump so because I've
been on the receiving end of this for
two years I think it's worth a reserved
chuckle I don't have much else to go to
give you but that's what I got from them
all right let's talk about some other
things there's a report of drone attacks
against Saudi pumping stations this is
on top of the reports of the sabotage on
to Saudi tankers so now there have been
at least three attacks on Saudi oil
operations what is missing in all the
stories two attacks on savety tankers
and one drone attack on their pumping
stations what's missing in the story is
it just me is there something missing in
the story
how about what's missing is who attacked
them that's sort of important is it I I
don't even see speculation where's the
speculation you know are we assuming
that Iran is behind it I mean that's
that's where my mind goes to but why
isn't the news at least saying some
people think it's Iran or why isn't the
news saying we're looking into it but
for some reason it's hard to tell who it
is
isn't that
conspicuously missing in this story
there's no conversation about who it was
as if that doesn't matter at the same
time we're moving you know our fleet
into the Gulf yeah you know well why are
we not talking about who did it or even
speculation is there anything else we
don't speculate on have you ever seen a
story like this with no speculation if
there's something wrong here so let me
go on record as saying I don't want to
see any military action until I have a
lot better idea what the hell's going on
over there all right I hope you with me
on this no military action until we know
what the hell's going on the stock
market took a crap yesterday because of
the ongoing trade war problems with
China now I'll say this is clear even
clearly as I can you should never take
investment advice from cartoonists and
I'm dead serious on that if you had
taken my investment advice over your
entire life well some of them wouldn't
have worked out but some would not so
don't do that that's that what is
shaping up is a situation that I've only
seen once before investment wise there
was one time in my adult life when I
should have bet a hundred percent of my
net worth on one bet I didn't do it but
if I had I think I would have maybe
tripled my wealth and I looked at it at
the time as a sure thing which is the
rarest thing generally when you see
something that's a sure thing you say to
yourself I must be missing something
nothing's a sure thing and you'd be
right most of the time it's not a sure
thing but here was that time and was a
2009 when the entire economy looked like
it was going to fall apart in the stock
market tanked and I said to myself I
should sell all of my stocks all of my
assets
and put it all into Wells Fargo Bank and
here was my reasoning if we ever
recovered
Wells Fargo would you know would jump up
in value if we never recovered even the
banks would be worthless so if
everything is going to be worthless
including the banks it wouldn't matter
where your money was because everybody
would be wiped out we don't be dying and
eating each other and becoming cannibals
but if the economy went up in all the
banks and especially the strongest Bank
Wells Fargo would certainly have a great
run so I thought to myself at the time
what if I just sell everything I have
and put it in Wells Fargo it would have
to be the smartest least risky
investment of all time
and sure enough and what if I don't
tripled my money if I done it but I
didn't once again with this truck China
trade talk it's a very similar situation
but I do not suggest you sell all your
stocks or put all your money in this
investment I'm only mentioning it to
help you understand that having certain
backgrounds certain educational or
experience backgrounds might allow you
to see the future better so just as I
could see the future impact with that
Wells Fargo investment I didn't make I
can see the future now and I'm going to
put it out there so that you can track
it so you can see if I'm right or wrong
and here's the prediction there is no
scenario in which the United States and
China don't reach some kind of working
stable agreement now that stable
agreement could be no agreement we just
the market just adjusts to it you know
companies some companies go out of
business
some relocate the the rest of the
economy is doing fine maybe we barely
notice so there are two possibilities
one is that we just don't reach an
agreement and we just tariffs each other
and companies adjust over time the other
possibility is that we do reach an
agreement maybe it's not perfect maybe
it takes longer
we think but it's going to get there so
my point is that people who were buying
stocked on the dip buying stock on the
fear of China probably making a good
investment don't take my advice don't
buy stocks based on what I tell you
but if I had to if I had to guess I
would say that the trade talks are
depressing the market unnecessarily
which should be creating an almost
unprecedented safe buying opportunity
safe meaning that the odds of this
potential problem turning into a real
problem or about as close to zero as
anything can be in our world that is
unpredictable now the reason that you
should not buy stocks based on this is
that there are other variables so you
could very easily put you know sell your
house and put all your money in this
because hey this cartoonist guy who's
been right about a lot of stuff and he's
saying that the China deal should not be
worried about and so it'll go up the
thing the reason not to do that is
because there could be other things
unrelated to any of this that could go
bad at the same time so the market is
not driven by one variable this just it
just seems to me that people who buy
stock during the dip are gonna be happy
they did but that's not advice all right
I hear the Trump is leading in four of
the six battleground states versus Biden
so a recent poll put Trump ahead in four
out of six and the tooth day he's not
ahead he's statistically somewhere so
too close to call now remember I asked I
think yesterday I asked if Biden was
still campaigning kind of quiet on the
Biden front isn't it you noticed how
quiet it is do you think that's a
coincidence do you think sleepy Jeff is
not campaigning where is he how come
he's now well you know why is he not on
CNN
why is he not on MSNBC where's Joe Biden
the fact that Trump gave him this
nickname sleepy Joe it looks like it's
perfect
because he doesn't seem to be putting
the energy into it
now let me ask you this why would that
be is it because the media simply isn't
focusing on it I mean it might be that
could be the entire story it could be
the media is just ignoring and it could
be that he's just I know maybe he's
doing some private fundraisers and he's
just not making any news maybe that
could be but here's what I think is
happening and I'm just gonna speculate I
think that privately the the kingmaker
is on the left you know the people in
the media the people who are you know
important in democratic politics I think
that when they're in a private room in a
private conversation with each other
they say something like this I'm
starting to think that Joe Biden has no
chance of winning because he's weak on
the most important things what do people
say about Trump he wants to build a wall
therefore he's a big ol racist what does
Joe Biden have in his background strong
calls for building a strong border so
that the main thing that they have on
Trump they also have on video of Joe
Biden saying the same damn thing now it
was long ago but that doesn't change the
fact that it's either racist or it isn't
it doesn't matter that Joe in this
particular case it's one of those rare
cases where it doesn't matter that he's
changed this opinion because if he ever
thought it that's good enough for
political purposes the other thing that
they don't like about Trump is his his
character but Biden's got this
touchy-touchy thing to the point where
he's had to address it and and he's
awkward in public
imagine if Joe Biden had a female
running mate Kamala Harris raviel's
can you imagine all I would do is when
they appeared together as I'd be looking
to see if he touched her I wouldn't be
looking at anything else it's all I've
been looking at it's like oh that's an
awkward hug
can you imagine Joe Biden and Connell
Harris onstage just get this gift get
this image in your head it's their first
appearance let's say he's chosen her for
his vice presidential running mate it's
their first appearance he comes up on
the left she comes up on the right
they're walking toward each other and
they're gonna either get a hug or shake
hands or they're gonna do something and
they're walking toward each other what
would you be doing as a viewer you'd be
on the edge of your chairs like oh this
is gonna be good I don't think she has
exactly the warm personality and then
he's hoping for is he gonna go for the
handshake handshake in the air kiss is
he gonna go for the hug if he hugs how
long is he gonna hold her I mean it's
it's just impossible for me to imagine
that even the people on the left in
private moments it's impossible for me
to move in against this particular
president he could win he could win
against a lot of people but he matches
up so poorly he's an old white guy he's
got all the same problems as Trump and
and the only thing that he might have
some advantage in is the you know the
green New Deal stuff and he's decided to
take the middle-of-the-road
even aoc doesn't like him I mean if you
can't even get a OC on your side and
you're a Democrat do you have any chance
so I have the feeling that that there
are very few Democrats who want to give
Biden a lot of attention because they
don't feel he can make it to the finish
line in this seems to me that the press
the anti-trump press has figured that
out and that the more time they give to
Biden the less chance there is for
somebody who might have a chance to rise
up and take
Trump so let me generalize this I
believe that there will be a sense of
despair there will be the last year of
the election cycle so the year 2020
starting at around January 2020 is going
to be this national depression like none
we've ever seen in which the folks
hadn't left realize a year in advance
that it's not going to work out because
I think that's gonna happen
I think the polls are gonna start to
show that nobody can touch Trump it
wouldn't matter who it was and Biden
would have any chance somebody says Mark
Cuban might swoop in maybe maybe Mark
Cuban will swoop in have you noticed
that Mark Cuban has been very quiet
lately
does anybody noticed that who has been
quieter than Mark Cuban well lots of
people are quiet but you expect other
people to be quiet do you know who you
don't expect to be quiet
Mark Cuban so I would say keep an eye on
him might be some surprises coming I
don't think I don't think Mark Cuban
thinks he can win against Trump for root
out in 2020 but the election after that
I think he might take seriously all
right I've noticed I've used this phrase
cognitive blindness before now the way I
use it sort of something I made up maybe
somebody else is used to term but the
way I'm using it is that there are some
ideas that are so counter to what we
imagine about the world that we actually
can't see them like you could actually
hand it to somebody and they would be
just actually blind to it they couldn't
see something that you handed them if it
was so contrary to the world view and
I'm noticing that with the issue of
nuclear energy and the green New Deal it
is completely objectively
unambiguously true that nuclear has to
be a gigantic part and maybe the most
important part but at least a gigantic
part of any kind of a climate change
response and the fun part is that
nuclear energy should be just as
important and just as push just as much
even if climate change isn't a problem
it turns out to be this one of these
rare situations where the solution is
exactly the same no matter what your
assumptions are I mean how often does
that happen
right but when do you have one solution
that fits a variety of assumptions
that's pretty rare and so I noticed that
people on the left are having cognitive
blindness - even the topic and the way
that you can see that is that somebody
will say green new do we need green Y or
do we need to do something about the
climate somebody else will say yes and
nuclear is the answer because it's safe
now we figured out how to do it safely
and it's the only thing that can scale
up and give us all the solutions now
what does the person who said green new
deal say next nothing they won't say the
word nuclear they won't address what the
other person said and they will react as
though no conversation had just happened
you're gonna see this a lot now somebody
just mentioned got it had a big I've
seen it twice now on the five TV show
the five on Fox News now they have wad
Williams represents the left on their
panel of of other people who are
libertarian or right leading and we see
we've seen one do it twice you'll say
you know the administration has no plan
at all for climate change Greg and Jesse
at least I don't know maybe Dana sent it
to but but it's pointed out loudly and
and repeatedly nuclear nuclear the
administration is pro-nuclear that is
the plan it's the only plan it's the
only thing that can work
to that effect and what does one do he
looks at them he listens and then he
starts talking as though a hadn't
happened as if as if there had been no
words in the air and it's really fun to
watch because you're seeing you're
seeing a genuine cognitive dissonance
kind of reaction where he can't
incorporate the idea that the thing he
thinks is going to destroy the world has
already solved now I say already solved
meaning that there's an obvious path
forward it has everything you need for a
solution we could choose not to do it
but you don't have to ask whether we
have a solution because we have a
solution we just have to decide to use
it but watch how often you'll see that
in other interviews
I think watch for other panel
discussions let's say any CNN show if
there if you see a CNN show in which
there's a panel of left-leaning people
when they have you know maybe one person
Steve Cortez or somebody you know one
person representing the the pro-trump
side of the world watch when that person
mentions nuclear energy and watch the
other people not argue against it and
not accept it but act like it didn't
happen that's why you want to watch for
it's fascinating
now there's one thing that could break
this cycle his name is President Trump
if President Trump decided to completely
kill this topic and own it and take it
off the table just vanquish the topic I
mean own the topic lay in a way that
nobody's ever owned a topic before like
just come in and just dominate it all
you have to do is one tweet nuclear's
the answer we're working on it here's a
link to some of the things we're doing
to to support the nuclear industry yeah
that's it this is the way to solve
climate or even if it's not a problem
it's the same solution
some kind of a tweet from the president
that's pro-nuclear
and says even the green New Deal people
should love it because you can't ignore
the president if the president says
nuclear energy is the way to deal with a
climate problem or even not a climate
problem he'd have to word it so it's
compatible with things he said before
they can't ignore it at that point they
could ignore for me they can ignore it
from you know Greg Gutfeld they can
ignore it from any pundit but they can't
ignore it if the president says it now I
don't know why the president hasn't said
it yet because it's you know based on
what his administration is doing what
the Department of Energy is doing under
Perry
it's unambiguously clear that they're
pro-nuclear but there must be some
decision-making that's going on about
not including that in their messaging so
from a communication perspective
apparently the White House has decided
it's not a message they want to sell
even though with one tweet and I mean
this literally the president could with
one tweet that was unambiguously pro
nuclear energy if it showed some
knowledge that the generation 3 and 4
are safe which would be the important
part because the public doesn't know
that yet they think they think nuclear
energy is the old technology they don't
know that there's never been a mistake
with generation 3 never there's never
been a meltdown in generation 4 will be
all you know essentially on meltdown a
bulb you know won't even be an option
with that design so if he could show
some knowledge that that's the case put
it in a tweet put it in an announcement
it would completely upend the entire
conversation and from that point on the
Left would be nothing left by health
care basically they would have health
care to talk about that's it
and I think the president could take a
big bite out of that before the election
day two so
somebody says you need to change the
word nuclear yeah maybe but you know I'm
never a never in favor of persuasion
that is so on the nose you know I don't
like calling the missile a patriot
missile you know I don't like giving
things cute names because everybody
knows what it is
you know everybody understands what
you're talking about so it's I find a
bad persuasion to try to trick people
with a word when they know they're being
tricked it just it just feels so
ham-handed then I think maybe it works
and works in the wrong way it decreases
your credibility so I hear what you're
saying I just think in this case it's
just a little too too manipulative you
know if you can't sell this by
describing what it actually is because
what it actually is is frickin amazing
right the the actual reality with the
right facts should sell this thing like
nothing's ever been sold it's an easy
sale you should use any word you want
and it should be able to sell it just
the same because it is that clean a
message and just that clear and obvious
thing to do all right I think that's all
I was talking about let me just look at
my notes here for a moment yes I think I
have talked about it all all right yeah
somebody says is agreeing with me it
doesn't look like they're yeah don't
look like you're trying to fool people
that's a bad look it's one thing to be
persuasive and people know you're being
persuasive but that whole word thing
it's like oh well use a different word
for it just this is too amateurish
all right somebody says it must be a
downside to generation 4 I mean there's
a downside to everything but not a
downside like there are four other
technology so it would be whatever it is
would be on the small side
Garfield energy alright I'm going to go
now and I will talk to you all later