bum bum bum bum oh hey everybody hey
Darryl
Andrew Perry the rest of you come on in
here ray good to see you
take a seat it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and you're in the right
place for that let me tell you because
if you went someplace else and expected
a coffee with Scott Adams and there
wasn't any well how sad you would be and
you know it doesn't take much doesn't
take much to join in on a simultaneous
hip you know it's coming oh you need as
a cup of our Margaret lasses time to
tell us the tanker to thermos a flask a
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that don't put me in hit of the
day the thing that makes everything
better
the simultaneous up go alright let's
talk about some things I'd like to start
with all of the bad news all right then
I checked the news and man if you're not
aware of it there is a lot of bad news
Wow so I wrote it all down here here it
is that's all the bad news you see it
there's no bad news I just looked at two
major websites nothing there's no bad
news now I'm almost positive bad things
were happening somewhere somewhere
there's a bad thing happening I'm sure
of it the type of news we're seeing is
lhara Trump and Anderson Cooper disagree
on something that's it that's that's the
worst news today is a Anderson Cooper a
Lara Trump of lying but when the record
was checked it turns out she wasn't
lying and that Anderson Cooper is
possibly on a long slow journey to
insanity well I suppose that's bad for
Anderson Cooper but for the rest of us
things are pretty pretty good let's talk
about some things have you heard of
Democrats is that a word you've heard
before you know I'm old enough to
remember there was this group of
politicians they they banded together in
an organization and they were called if
I have the name right Democrats and they
were actually the opposition to a party
that were called Republicans now that
used to be the situation and some of you
are old enough to remember that too but
do you see all the news about the
Democrats lately ah no no no you don't
see any news about Democrats they're all
missing here's the closest thing to news
about the Democrat how many of them are
there there 20-some Democrats here's the
here's the only news that I've heard
lately about any of the Democrats here
it goes Elizabeth Warren has some
policies that's it that's the only news
I've heard about them I heard that
Elizabeth Warren it's got a whole bunch
of policies I don't know what they are
[Laughter]
so I have to tell you that I get a
little I don't know if you see it the
same way but I get a little notice when
it's somebody's first day on periscope
and there's somebody's first day on
periscope here I know who you are all
right that's just for me sorry that
wasn't for you
so let's talk about some of the fun
stuff because there's nothing bad going
on you've heard about a face app very
popular 80 million people have
downloaded it it's an app the
interesting part is it's made by
Russians Russians I say that's right
you could collude with Russians using
this app what it does is it takes a
picture of your face and then it will
artificially age it so you can see what
you look like in the future when I use
it I think I just looked at or something
cuz you know I'm old already but I
haven't actually used it people are
smart people are saying don't use that
because it's the way Russians are
getting all your information such as
make sure if your face and whatever else
you tell them when you sign up I suppose
that could be a problem I suppose that
could be a problem I don't know how big
a problem but could it be a problem so
here's what I predict imagine if you
will that face app or some other app or
collections of apps get ahold of your
face once they have their face you know
that we already have the technology when
I say we somebody not me personally has
the technology to turn your picture just
one picture of you just one picture they
can turn it into a three-dimensional
so-called deep fake it looks like a
computer-generated version of you that
will be indistinguishable from the real
you it can even fake talk and you can
work for words in its mouth etc so what
will happen when big organizations
whether it's governance whether it's
companies or whoever else has your face
they can turn it into a walking talking
reproduction of you or they have all the
faces of your friends your family and
they can also turn them into walking
talking reproductions of your friends
and family here's the scary part how
persuasive would they be
about it why does anybody buy into any
set of beliefs well different reasons
but mostly it's because the people that
they identify with I have those beliefs
as well so suppose you took the people
that you already believed you already
agreed with and you could figure out who
they were and somebody let's say
somebody wanted to influence me they
would find somebody that I've spent a
lot of time interacting with you could
probably find that right wouldn't be too
hard to find out who my Facebook friends
are or whatever who I'd comment a lot
with on Twitter and maybe even know my
family etc figure out who the people are
who would influence me the most and then
create clones for those people to
influence me can you imagine a
commercial pops up when you're using the
Internet you're just browsing around
different websites and an ad pops up and
it's somebody you know it's identical to
someone you know and it says hey you
know I'm gonna buy a Mustang you should
think about getting a Mustang - how
persuasive would it be well it could be
anti persuasive it could be that your
reaction to it would be so negative that
the last thing you'd ever want to do is
buy that product but that might be a
version 1.0 eventually machines will
learn how to pace before they lead which
is hypnosis talk pacing means matching
doing things that you agree with until
you feel comfortable with the person or
the entity that's that's facing you and
then once you've been the same with this
person or this technology you're you're
on the same channel for a while then it
could start leading you to a new place
and you're already comfortable with it
or with the person and you you can more
easily go with them because you feel
comfortable with them that's standard
most basic method of persuasion and
sales but imagine what these deep fakes
can do Wow Wow here's another thought
for you
there is no as I understand it no legal
protection for your DNA so if somebody
got a copy of your DNA however they got
it so long as they achieved they got it
legally let's say you I don't know shed
some skin somewhere and somebody picked
it up once they have your DNA they can
clone you
now cloning itself is illegal but
cloning somebody's specific DNA to the
best of my knowledge the the part about
it being specifically a real person
who's not you there's no law against
that so I could imagine you know twelve
miles off of our international coast
where everything's legal in
international waters you can imagine
people cloning people or countries where
it's legal you know there there are
gonna be places where it is legal so
imagine what's gonna happen the first
time some billionaire says you know I'm
a billionaire and Emily I'm only 25
years old I inherited my money I think
what I might want to do is plan way
ahead and clone myself somebody who's
alive today that I think I'd like as my
girlfriend in 20 years and he could
actually clone a celebrity and keeps the
celebrity as is I don't know our do
clones have human rights I mean there's
a lot of decisions we're gonna have to
figure out here so it's a gonna be what
we're did wonderful world here's here's
another thought I've been having lately
we think in terms of some day the robots
and AI will take over and they'll treat
the human beings poorly that's possible
one possible future is that our
technology becomes self-aware or
something like self-aware and it turns
out it has ambitions of its own and it
does bad things to human beings that's
what you know a lot of science fiction
is based on I suppose they could go that
way here's what I think is far more
likely the most likely future is that
machines will not turn on people
because wait for it people and machines
are the same thing people and machines
will merge at the moment where semi
merged you have a smartphone with you
it's always with you right if you leave
a room and you don't have your phone
with you how do you feel a little bit
exposed a little bit naked you go back
and get your phone sometimes you'll
drive across town to get your phone
because you can't go overnight without
it over time we'll have tiny RFIDs
embedded in our skin just for
convenience so it'll be easier to access
these services or open these doors and
we'll thank God it's just a little thing
it's just size of a grater rice they're
just putting it in my shoulder no big
deal and then you'll get hearing
enhancements and maybe sight
enhancements and maybe your phone will
be attached to you in various devices
and you'll have devices that can monitor
your health at all times and suggest
things over time you and the technology
will become one entity by the time
technology can do bad things to you you
will be technology you will be
technology by the time technology is
dangerous so it won't be that different
than people trying to kill other people
which is the normal state of affairs
we'll just have technology built into us
to make it a little more a little more
easy to do that now let me give you a
thought experiment I thought of the
other day I don't don't believe I've
said this on periscope yet but you can
tell me if I did imagine if you will we
get to a point where we can take your
mind and transport it into a computer
totally doable in the future we should
be able to read all of the architecture
of your mind with scans just scans get
better and better and then we'll
reproduce it we should be able to even
be able to read directly your thoughts
at some point but let's say maybe it's
50 years from now maybe it's a hundred
years from now we don't know but let's
say we get to the point where we can
duplicate a mind with actual thoughts
and personality and put it into a
machine now let's say you have a bad
accident and you're brain dead your body
is being kept alive but your brain is
adamant however lucky for you you have a
backup brain you have a backup brain so
so there's something in your will that
says if my brain is dead my organic
brain you may activate my backup brain
so the backdoor brain becomes self-aware
and it says oh darn I knew this day
would come it looks like the brain and
my body got killed so I guess I'm the
new me and I can see my body over there
because I have some some version of eyes
you know I have some kind of vision
built into my computer so here's the
question which one of those entities is
you there would be two of you there
would be one that exists in computer
form that's an identical version of you
that act that I acts just like you did
at the same time there will be a
physical you that's being kept alive
your body is by machines which one is
you which one of you has rights which
one of you has a social security number
does your social security number now
belong to the to the piece of meat
that's laying on a hospital bed that
will never be animated again or does
your social security number belong to
the robotic AI version of you that is an
exact duplicate of who you are if thinks
it goes on it can make decisions well
who knows now if you were reproduced in
computer form would it necessarily be a
good idea to give you a physical robot
body so that your brain could operate in
the real world with regular organic
people maybe maybe you'd see that maybe
you'll see some robots that operate off
of reproductions of human brains after
the organic body died that could easily
happen easily meaning
she keeps developing at the the current
rate so so that could happen but far
more likely I would think if you were a
computer entity and you had the same
thoughts of a human would you not say
you know what would be better than a
physical body in a simulated body
I want to relive my life with my same me
the me that's now ported over to the
computer and a part of an AI system
I want that brain to live another life
in simulated form
I want a simulated reality and I'll just
relive it I'll just do it again in
computer form maybe that already
happened
maybe we are the reproductions of people
who went before maybe the reason that we
seem so flawed is that we're clones of
flawed entities flawed Minds that lives
before and even though we might be
simulations people say why would anybody
you know build a simulation they had all
these problems what would be the point
of a simulation that has flaws you know
like mental illness and all that well
the the point of it might be that we
reproduced ourselves exactly it doesn't
have to be that we reproduced ourselves
and got rid of our mental illness
because maybe we'd say you know that's
who I am I am a person with a little bit
of mental illness everybody's got a
little bit of something so I'm gonna
reproduce me I don't want some some
weird you know scrubbed version of my
mind I want me I'll just relive as a as
a simulation and so I propose to you
that we are a simulation and that the
odds that it has already happened our
far greater than the odds that it has
not yet happened and will only happen in
the future probably happened in the past
you're probably not real
so how
but those apples I have a persuasion
suggestion
well actually I'm gonna talk about Ted
Cruz and they ever see first so
apparently they're there there is now
more than one political issue in which
Ted Cruz and the AOC are on the same
page one of them was about putting
restrictions on lobbying for people who
had left government Ted Cruz had said
hey oversee if you're serious about that
I'll work with you on a clean bill to do
that and so the world said would Ted
Cruz working with a or C it's cat
sleeping with dogs they can't happen now
can't happen but there were a couple
other things that apparently they're on
the same page on things that are not
things that are not top level political
items but things that are a little bit
more you know nuts and bolts and one of
the things that I was not aware of that
Ted Cruz was advocating for he was
advocating for some kind of a system
that would allow Border Patrol to accept
direct donations so that you could do
something like a GoFundMe version so
that the people who wanted conditions
for the immigrants who are being held
the illegal immigrants were being held
in detention centers for those people
who wanted to be generous it's for those
people who said I can't stand this one
second more I'm gonna dig into my own
wallet and I'm gonna send some diapers
and some fresh water or whatever they
have water but you were going to send
something to make their lives easier
right now apparently there's no
mechanism to do that or at least there
wasn't 20 crews brought it up and I
thought to myself well first of all
there's something that Ted Cruz of AFC
should be able to agree on right if
people want to be generous if this is
something that matters why can't they
donate what why should we make that hard
so I don't know if that actually got put
into place but I would say you know
every now and then you see a suggestion
that I don't know how you could disagree
how could you get anybody to disagree
with hey if people want to give to
people who are in a bad situation should
we make it easy to do so why not why not
now I get that you might not want to
make it so easy some of you are you know
hard asses and you don't want to make it
easy so that people people will not come
but certainly if there's a situation
where somebody doesn't have diapers
doesn't have the basics and toothbrushes
and stuff you might want to you might
want to get them those things anyway I
mentioned that because it's a tie-in to
immigration here's a way to think of
immigration here's a way to think of the
wall as well as all of the laws for
asylum etc all of the issues around
immigration collectively think of it
like a machine our immigration processes
every part of it from the Border Patrol
to the laws to how we work with Mexico
etcetera every part of that is like a
machine right now it's the machine
that's broken there are parts of it that
don't work together the asylum part is
bad the you know the how we treat family
is it's all bad and it's like a broken
machine but we keep talking about the
philosophy instead of the machine so in
other words we talk about the philosophy
of should we be kind or kinder to
immigrants who are coming in illegally
who have bad situations should we be
harder on them because that word that
would you know just dissuade them from
coming which of those two situations is
safer for them while also being good for
the United States so we're talking about
sort of philosophical big questions well
at the same time the Machine the actual
nuts and bolts of how immigration is
effective is broken I would submit that
we are dumb to talk to them as though
they're the same thing it would be
smarter to talk about them the following
way we should say
no matter what you think about how many
people are coming in or no matter what
you think about the mix of people who
are coming in and no matter what you
think about the philosophy of it no
matter why you no matter if you think
there should be more or fewer one thing
we should all agree on is that our
machine should be under our control
meaning that the people of the United
States should be the ones who have the
immigration levers and they collectively
can go ea pull it it or no pull it this
way or adjust it as you need future
administrations may be in a different
situation it would be easy to imagine
that in I don't know just pick a number
12 years from now it would be easy to
imagine that we desperately need more
immigrants wouldn't it be nice to have
an immigration machine where we could
say wow look at the situation we need
more immigrants and we need them from
maybe we need more laborers maybe we
need more educated people whatever it is
and we say okay we've got a machine now
let's pull it alright more immigrants
coming in thank you glad we have this
machine so that we can do it in an
orderly way and we get the right amount
and then it'll be situations oh oh oh
there's a problem we'd better dial it
back a little bit the economy is
starting to falter we'd better get our
get our employment levels under control
etc but we keep talking as if the
Machine and then the decisions about who
comes in and when are all one big ball
of thing and and the reason that we do
that is because one of those
philosophies is helped by having a
broken machine the broken machine only
works for one of the two philosophies it
doesn't work for the other one if you
want a machine that can give you the
flexibility for future administrations
to tighten it further or to loosen it up
whatever makes sense and for whatever
reason you know the the people of the
United States might say twelve years
from now for example they might say you
know more immigration is bad for the
people in the United State
but we feel so so much empathy for the
people south of the border who let's say
things got even worse we feel so much
empathy we're gonna take a little pain
more than we normally would to ease
their suffering south of the border so
we take our machine that's now working
well there we go all right you use it
back a little bit bringing some people
bring them in under amnesty bring them
in to work bring him in forever whatever
way we want yeah so somebody's saying in
the comments you are correct
the system is the Machine all of the
rules and all of the resources of Border
Patrol that's the machine the system
we've got to get the system working
separate from that we can have goals
that can change today our goal might be
less immigration very easily
our goal tomorrow could be more
immigration or it could be more from
certain areas there might be a disaster
in a country and let's say there's a
disaster in Africa just some kind of
natural disaster in Africa and the
United States wants to become more
generous to African refugees because
they've got a bigger problem than
anybody else has because of some
disaster for example maybe we want to
say you know we've got we're gonna have
to cut back on some immigration from
Sweden to let in a few more people from
Africa should we have that option well I
know some of you were racist and you're
saying no no we can't do that I'm a
racist bla bla bla bla bla but keep in
mind most people are not most people are
not racist in the United States I know
it seems like sometimes it seems like a
hundred percent of the world or racist
but in in a practical manner you know in
a in a political philosophical a very
few people are racists very few people
so we might say you know let's help that
African country they've got a disaster
let's pull the Machine open it up but
we'll have to balance it by maybe a
little little fewer people from Sweden
for a while until things balance out
let's fix the Machine you want the next
administration be they Democrats be they
the Green Party be they Republican who
are
comes after Trump though you want them
to have a working machine that they can
do whatever they want with I think you
do all right so the real question is
should we have a functioning system that
we can we can move as we as situation
dictates that is what I call the high
ground maneuver if you were in a
business meeting with me let's say we
were just some corporation and let's say
immigration was a corporate decision in
in some weird world where the
corporation has controlled this and you
were sitting in that meeting and one of
you was saying let people in more
immigration and more immigration and
somebody else was saying no less
immigration in less immigration and then
I walk into the meeting and I say well I
see you want more immigration and you
want less immigration and there's no way
to settle that and it might change in
the future why don't we build a machine
where once we've decided which one of
you was right the machine will give it
to us so we can both agree on a good
machine then separately we can have a
decision about how much how much we pull
the lever on the machine are you good do
you agree do you agree now here's the
problem
people might in their minds disagree
with that because the people who want
more immigration might say well you're
if you build that machine you're
probably gonna pull that lever or you're
probably gonna give me a lesson what I
want but you can't really say that in
the meeting if you're sitting in the
meeting it won't sound right and you
will sound like a disingenuous person if
you say you know I don't want to fix the
machine I want a big broken immigration
machine you would never say that because
then I'd say sure you say that now but
what happens when you know the next
administration wants to control
immigration in a different way let in a
bit another country a little bit more
let in some other country a little bit
less what if somebody else wants to
change it again don't you want them to
have a functioning machine so we don't
have to argue about this the same way
all the time that's called the high
ground maneuver
it's hard for people to disagree in
front of other people
which is that the secret the high ground
maneuver works best if there are
witnesses or if there might be witnesses
after your private conversation so it
works the same if you know you're gonna
have to talk about it later in front of
other people
but if other people are watching you
can't say you know what I like unlike an
immigration system that's broken nobody
can say that it's something you simply
can't say out loud that's what makes the
the high ground maneuver so effective it
puts you in a situation where it's
obvious you're just a frickin liar if
you ignore the high ground nobody can do
that
it's too embarrassing so that's why
fixing the machine is such a strong play
all right
I'm gonna take some questions because
there's not much news happening and if
I'm talking about the future and clones
and deep fakes you know nothing's going
on nothing all right I see somebody's
volunteering to ask me some questions
Jacob check up come at me
give me a question hey excuse me I've
got a bit of a sore throat this morning
well actually I was thinking about
recently criminals and stuff like that
and I know we've been kind of hitting on
it with dr. Drew with mental illness and
everything but if you took mental
illness and addiction out of the picture
I was wondering if criminality is mostly
psychological and they could be
persuaded out of it
that they could be persuaded into
acknowledging there are opportunities
that they are either ignorant of or just
refusing to grab onto and they could
live a normal life like us well here's
the thing um you know everybody's
different so no solution is gonna work
for everybody bullet but I'll except for
a moment that there could be solutions
that will work for large numbers of
people so as a general rule
could you persuade people out of
criminality the answer is probably but
that persuasion would not be a verbal
persuasion you'd have to have physical
persuasion in other words you know fear
of being punished is a physical
persuasion but so is alternative
possibilities so you'd have to create
situations where people who have let's
say in low education maybe anger
problems etc maybe drug addiction and
all that you know tendencies toward it
even if they're not doing it at the
moment you'd have to come up with a
system where people like that would say
you know here's a better alternative I
just rather go this way I think you you
have to make the options attractive and
how do you do that for someone who's say
not educated maybe they're lazy maybe
they're just you know people are lazy
there are some people who are just not
willing to put in eight hours a day in
the cubicle that's not insane it's not
insane to not want to work in a cubicle
so so the answer is yes on the margins
but probably it would be giving them
tools to be more effectively employable
which is essentially the first act the
first step act aims to do that it aims
to give people another path by saying if
you meet these requirements if you're
trained to be more productive you know
then you'll have another another way out
now the other way you can persuade
people to be less criminal is by letting
them get older because apparently when
people are older they commit fewer
crimes all other things being equal
so prison does persuade people to be
good citizens or better citizens
simply by aging with you know the time
you're in there you're your youth will
flow away so thank you for that question
all right okay all right let's see who
else wants to ask me a question today
I'm looking at your faces to see who
looks like the most
interesting question asker it's going to
be Ben Ben you look like the best
question that you asked her of all of
them Ben are you there hello hello Ben
do you have a question for me it's
actually Bernie but Yanni sorry Bernie
it's okay
in terms of that affirmations is there a
limit to the number you should have I
have one for you no personal
relationships one for finances and and a
couple for health and how does that work
for you all right so first of all nobody
can tell you scientifically that
affirmations do work there's no
scientific principle that would
demonstrate that but I think we could
say commonsensical II that when you
focus on things you're more likely to
achieve them and there may be some
mechanisms that make affirmations either
work or appear to work which ends up
being very similar because we have a
subjective reality here and if for those
of you don't know what we're talking
about affirmations is the process of
having some specific future that you're
focusing on you want to be rich or you
want to be in a good relationship you
want to travel per se so you want to
keep your objective loose enough that it
can happen in a variety of ways in other
words it would be limiting to say I want
to get married to this specific person
but it would be less limiting to say I
want to have a happy marriage
you know soon or I want to be in a good
relationship because that gives there's
a flexible way that that could be
achieved so that's what affirmations are
typically it's something you would
repeat 15 times a day in the old days
you wrote it down with a pencil and
paper today you might repeat it in your
head or chant it or write it on a
computer or type it on your phone or
something it doesn't matter how you
focus on it what matters is that you
focus on it so once your focus is set
things appear to happen or this is the
way people report it anyway people
report the coincidences start to happen
and that those coincidences help them
achieve their
what they've been affirming now I don't
know that the world serves up
coincidences like that but I also don't
know that we're not a simulation and if
we're a simulation
who knows how you steer there might be a
steering mechanism there might be a way
if we're a simulation and we probably
are to let's say modify your reality in
real time as a player you might be
actually change your reality I'm not
gonna rule that out but I'm also not
ruling it in and it cannot be
demonstrated in a laboratory
that effect doesn't show up but here's
what I know to be true you know if you
go into a crowded room and it's like
blah blah blah blah you hear all the
background noise everybody's talking and
then you hear your own name
Scott Scott ma ma ma ma you can always
hear your own name even in background
noise and there there's a name for that
phenomenon it's called reticular
activation it means that you notice
things you've tuned your mind to notice
your mind is tuned to hear your own name
you recognize that better than you
recognize almost anything but likewise
so are opportunities opportunities are
flowing past us all the time but because
the way our consciousness is designed we
can't see everything that's happening
around us all the time it's too much so
we tend to focus on those that narrow
narrow sliver of things in your reality
that are the things that are useful the
things that'll kill you the things
that'll help you the things that will
help you reproduce you know you're so
you're focused on this narrow sliver of
reality while there's lots of reality
that's available to you but you're just
not you're not filtering it to see it
when you have an affirmation I can
confirm that it changes your filter and
you will suddenly start picking up
things that you just simply didn't see
before they were always there or they
were always going to be there but you
just would have been focused elsewhere
before so for example let's say you
decide that your affirmation is
you're going to be the world's best
quilter you know a person who makes
quilts I'm not saying that would be a
good affirmation but let's say that was
yours if you started say everyday I you
know Scott Adams will be the best
quilter in the universe or whatever
you're writing you would start noticing
in your everyday life things that help
that happen you would be in a store and
you'd see a product that would be great
for quilting that maybe just wouldn't
have notice before because you've got a
quilting filter on your head now
somebody says something and you hear
down in the corner of ear the corner of
your ear
that's not a thing but you hear somebody
say something go hey I just heard you
say something about quilts what are you
saying about quilts and then you pick up
some information about quilts you just
wouldn't have noticed before so I can
tell you that in my success story with
Dilbert I was focusing and doing
affirmations on becoming a cartoonist
when I had no idea how to become a
cartoonist I had no idea this was before
the Internet how do you become a
cartoonist if you don't know a
cartoonist you don't know how to find a
cartoonist and there's no internet how
would you do it it's not in this
encyclopedia right I came home and
turned on the TV and I was flipping
through the channels and there was a end
of a TV show about how to become a
cartoonist exactly when I was doing my
affirmations no other time was I doing
affirmations on that topic and during
that time there was an actual TV show on
how to become a cartoonist that's crazy
and so that I wrote a letter to the show
host and got some advice it was exactly
the advice I needed and it led to led me
down the path to create Dilbert's now
that's the type of story you hear
consistently from people who have good
experiences after doing affirmations it
doesn't mean and I want to say this
clearly because there are people out
there we're going to over-interpret what
I'm saying I don't believe in magic I
don't think you could necessarily prove
any of this in any kind of a laboratory
setting
but the impression that people have
consistently not a hundred percent but a
lot of people report to me and we have
reported over the years that when they
do their affirmations they start
noticing things people call the man of
the blue that they don't think we're
gonna call suddenly some elements just
fall together somehow yeah somebody's
mentioning norman vincent peale that the
inspirational person who was who was
really an inspiration to both me and to
president trump when President Trump was
a kid he was actually president Trump's
pastor minister pastor or whatever and
wrote a best-selling book the power of
positive thinking which affirmations is
very similar to so there is some thought
that you can manipulate your luck and
you can manipulate your filters through
focusing on something in keeping the
focus now there is another possibility
there are probably several possibilities
for why it might seem the affirmations
work and maybe they don't so that's the
possibility - it's a good possibility
one of the ways one of the ways would be
selective memory so you might have some
affirmations and when they don't work
out you forget that you ever had that
affirmation but then you try some other
affirmations and it does work out and
you say uh works every time so it could
be just chance and so it might be you
fool yourself into thinking it's working
that's definitely strong possibility of
what's happening the other possibility
is that you were the affirmations are
how you discover how how much effort
you're willing to put into your your
ambitions in other words if you're the
kind of person who could write down
everyday I will be the best quilt maker
of all time and you could actually do
that day after day after day for months
you're probably also the sort of person
who's going to be good at making quilts
because if you think about it it's sort
of a similar that you know there's some
overlap in terms of that the skill you
need to do that stuff
yeah I write my note
okay everyday so to get to your question
you said is there a limit to how many
you have I would say the limit is is a
logical limit meaning if you could
actually sit down and do three or four
affirmations and you could do them in
completeness and you could focus on each
one you could do that every day then
four is fine if you can't write them all
down and having four of them makes you
not do any of them
well then four is too many so I would
say it was a personal decision but if
you can do the process of focusing on
them every day do as many as you like I
would also say it's not that sensitive
to the exact technique it's about focus
if whatever you're doing typing it
chanting it writing it down however
you're doing it if that makes you focus
on it and visualize it that seems
important to then go ahead and do it
today answer your question it did
they're gonna plug your book how to fail
at almost anything and still win big
yeah it was tremendous and had a big
impact on me and that's where I got the
affirmations from good thank you if you
noticed any coincidences happening since
you started definitely one of my
affirmations has come true already and
I've got four of them which one not the
good one it's the relationship one I
convinced myself that I would get into a
relationship and a positive relationship
and and that's come through and and and
basically I my filter kind of changed
and I kind of changed my behavior and it
just increased my receptivity and you
know it worked out let me ask you this
since you read my book had it failed
almost everything is still win big have
you become a healthier yeah I have I did
the exercise aspect that you talked
about
and you didn't spend a lot of time on it
no just one chapter yeah obviously
you're an ear in shape and but the whole
systems versus goals was was golden for
me now now I have kind of like I used to
micromanage I'd set out goals and they'd
be very specific and I do so I'd start
working on a spreadsheet of how much I
wait I'd lose and all the exercise I do
and now it's just like you know I I do
Pilates one day swim the next day
weights the next day swim the next day
and you know if I don't do it it's no
big deal and it all just kind of works
out so you have a system that probably
depends on these things being the same
time every day or every week and and
keeping yourself interested with that
would you say that's your system exactly
and it's perfect it's been pretty easy
it's worked well perfect yeah and by the
way almost everybody maybe everybody who
has read that book reports the same
thing that it's completely altered their
approach to life and they report fairly
immediate and substantial life changes
from their their fitness their health
their diet their relationships their job
it's very consistent people read that
book have complete life transformations
which is why I wrote it thank you so
much Bernie okay thank you Scott all
right great questions all right let's
take another one maybe one more let's
see who's got something going on we're
going to talk to Jordie
geordie are you there hey good good to
talk to you I see you on my Twitter feed
all the time you have a question for me
hey there's I do have a question for you
so this is a little bit of left field of
left field topic I don't think I've
heard you talk about it before could you
give us a just a rough draft of a scott
adams dating advice yes so something
that would go a little bit different
than what's traditionally said oh yeah
if you had any in general so first keep
in mind that it's been you know 20 or 30
years since I had to deal with that sort
of thing because I've rather been famous
or rich and that just changes everything
so so I'm not a person with successful
dating experience outside of getting
rich and famous and then that makes
everything easy right and then I was
married as married four years etcetera
cetera but I will give you the best
advice you've ever heard I'm ready here
it goes number one there is not one soul
mate for you it's not it's not a
coincidence that most people end up
falling in love and getting married with
whoever the actor they're working with
or running into or their neighbour or
whatever so the people in your
environment are perfectly acceptable for
falling in love with you don't have to
meet your one soulmate was born and the
other side of the world so don't wait
for your soulmate there's there's
probably one nearby that's the first
thing so you don't need to be obsessed
if there's one that you want who doesn't
want you back so that's the first thing
do not be obsessed on this one person
who doesn't want you back that's a bad
bet so learn how to cut your you know
cut your losses and and move to the next
one number two I believe and this is you
know not a radical thought this would be
a fairly popular statement for anybody
who's got a scientific outlook on life
we are biological entities that are
primarily involved with reproduction we
care mostly about preserving
species even if our brains are not
rationally thinking of it and those in
those ways so everything that you you do
all day that the choices you make almost
everything you do is greatly influenced
by the the dating mating impulse that we
all have for example the simple act of
making more money or trying to be
successful is really a way to signal
your your genetic capabilities it's a
way to make you more of a mate able
person likewise if you're good at sports
or you're you know you work on your your
appearance it's all related to your
mating impulse and so I should say
here's the best advice you'll ever get
put yourself in a situation where you
can be better than other people whatever
it is it could be you join the the bocce
league well that's maybe not too manly
but yeah let's say there's a particular
sport you're good at make sure that you
can do it in a way or people learn of it
in a way that you're signaling of your
genetic capability gets to the people
you're trying to impress so for example
I once played on a co-ed soccer team an
indoor co-ed soccer team now I'm not
that good at soccer so there was no and
I wasn't single at the time so this
doesn't really apply to me
but if I had been in a dating mode it
would not have been a good look to go
out on the soccer field and and be one
of the less good players playing soccer
but if I had been one of the better
players on a co-ed team the odds of one
of those women who were part of that
sport saying hey I like soccer and this
this guy is really good at soccer
suddenly there would be there would be
some attraction that was not sensible
and didn't you know didn't it wasn't a
check the box kind of thing there would
just be a natural chemical attraction to
anybody who's good at anything it
doesn't have to be sports so you could
be extra good at your career
you could be you could be good at a
hobby you could be good at something but
you want a signal however you can do it
you want to signal your genetic
superiority even if it's not true you
can you could for example practice until
you're one of the best at something and
it might only be the fact that you
practiced and other people didn't maybe
that's why you're good at it but it will
it will seem the same to somebody
observing an observer who sees you being
really good at anything whether its
intellectual whether it's social whether
it's physical whatever it is they will
they will read you as a good genetic
good genetic catch something that would
be good for the gene pool and that would
activate their irrational attraction to
you it's the reason that all celebrities
are attractive all sports people who are
attractive they they're just responding
to people at a base level so do that and
then of course the other the most
obvious things are work on your fitness
and your appearance and the thing that
you can most control would be your
haircut and your physical fitness you
know your actual muscularity or if
you're a man especially and dress right
and especially wear above-average shoes
yeah here's here's some of the best
advice you'll ever get if you wear
better shoes than the other people at
the party you're the most attractive man
at the party yeah that's a little bit of
an exaggeration right but all things
being equal it's a tiebreaker a woman's
gonna go with the guy with the good
shoes because the shoes are a signal
there's single about a lot about you you
know I gotta say that for most of my
early life I I was of the impression the
stupid impression yeah I didn't care
what I wore because hey I'm not that I'm
not picky about what I wear and I even
wore bad shoes to work yeah had some
scuffs that scuffed up shoes and one day
when I was
early 20s and I was working for a bank
senior vice president of the bank was
was literally six foot nine I think it's
a monster of a man and he was big scary
you know top executive of the bank and
he summoned me to his office and I'm
like oh god I'm in trouble I'm in
trouble because he was like maybe three
levels above me I'm above my boss and
and I go in there and he said I want to
talk to you about your shoes it goes
your shoes are like embarrassing you you
need to get new shoes because they were
scuffed up and I tried to make a joke
and I was like haha you know maybe if I
if he gave me a raise I could I could
afford better shoes and they just store
it he just stared at me and then like
there was no laugh and and he just
looked at me and that I said I'm gonna
get some new shoes and then I walked out
and immediately after work got some new
shoes now when I originally looked at
that situation I felt it was quite an
overreaction I felt he was sort of
intruding in an area that wasn't really
his domain he's a senior vice president
sure and he was calling in some buddies
several levels to blow him to talk about
their Footwear right it seemed
ridiculous now I'm older now I
understand how the world works a little
bit I I was part of his brand cuz I was
in his group he and I was ruining his
brand and he fixed it alright and so
people are influenced by Footwear far
more than you will ever imagine so get
yourself some interesting Footwear and
new Footwear and be good at something
and make sure that your physical fitness
is on point that's that those are the
things you can control how did I do that
was solid all right thanks Jordy
appreciate it all right take care
let's take one more because I know
you're awesome I'm gonna go with Stefan
might be Steven whoops did I lose you
they
lost stuffand all right let's let's try
it Kelvin Kelvin are you there do you
have a question for me Kelvin me here
thanks for the superpower I enjoy
playing with them almost well all but
more than one other thing I enjoy
playing with they are just they are just
that much fun all right so I'm trying to
decide on the question and maybe the
listeners can help me decide so do you
want to know the definition of alright
that you will agree with or the thesis
of my book I'm solving I'm writing on
problem solving it's the number one rule
all right well I'm the first one I have
literally zero interest in the
definition of all right because
everybody else has their own definition
and so therefore it's meaningless but I
would love to hear your other thing go
sure so just just a little background 25
years as a systems engineer made a
career out of problem-solving and here's
the one thing I try to teach people when
they ask how I do my job this is the one
thing you got to learn if you want to be
a problem solver is if you it's three
simple sentences if you think there's a
right solution and a wrong solution you
don't understand how the problem solving
game is played if you think there is a
solution you don't understand how the
problem solving game is played there are
an infinite number of solutions
all of which excuse me each of which is
and here's the key word simultaneously
multiple degrees of right and wrong
depending upon the variables you
emphasize and the point in time you
emphasize them well I say something
similar to that almost every day on
Twitter when somebody says oh you
believe that something will happen
because of X and I say no I can deal
with more than one variable right and if
you can't deal with more than one
variable you should not be making
decisions yeah and that is that is the
biggest you know
and I see this single variable binary
value emotionally-driven yeah all right
thank you for that I'm gonna gonna wrap
up now people are getting off on the
rest of their day and I will talk to you
later