hey everybody come on in it's time for
the evening edition that I like to call
no coffee with Scott Adams because it's
much too late yeah and today we have one
of the best evenings ever of all time
things are starting to look great
everywhere in the world let me tell you
about it all the good news and stuff
yeah well we had the sort of launch
interruptus today I were you all
watching the with excitement as we were
gonna watch the the Elon Musk rocket
take off of course NASA is involved but
they're not they're not celebrities so
we'll call it the Elon Musk rocket I was
so excited for that weren't you I was
worried I gotta say not totally you know
feeling safe but I was really excited
about it now apparently it's postponed
until til Saturday but here's the thing
I don't think I ever realized this
before because now it seems much more
real I mean the fact that they're
actually people in the capsule and
they've got a time to send them up there
now it seems more real and I don't know
if you realize this but Elon Musk is
going to be the richest person in the
universe because I don't know what
SpaceX is worth now you know Elon share
of it but there's a few things that I
didn't know about space and one of them
is it could be really profitable like
really really really profitable like
nothing on earth has ever been
profitable apparently all you have to do
is land on one asteroid and start mining
the rare materials and you've got like a
trillion dollars per asteroids so
there's a lot of money just floating
around out there if you can get to it
then the other thing I heard today I
don't know the details but it's
sounds really exciting I think it was
might have been Dana Perino show but I
saw somewhere there was an expert might
have been another show saying that one
of the benefits of being able to get
into space is that apparently 3d
printers work really well in space so
well that you can you can 3d print human
organs as long as you're in space did
you know that like that came out of
nowhere it was like what are you telling
me that all you needed was to be away
from gravity and you solved the problems
of printing human organs now I kind of
think there's more to it but it was at
least somebody willing to say that on
television I thought wow there's a lot
of money up there in space so it kind of
makes sense that Bezos is trying to do
something and the Elan musk is trying to
do something because whoever gets the
space first with an actual business
model and you know ability to do
multiple trips and stuff we're talking
multi trillions of dollars of net worth
I mean kind of money that you would
never ever see on earth so that's fun
and I have to tell you that I tweeted
before before I knew it was going to be
scrubbed I tweeted that the stock market
will probably follow the direction of
the rocket in other words if the rocket
is successfully launched and everything
goes well I think the stock market is
just going to feel the animal spirits if
you will you know that that's a phrase
used for economies because the economy
is operate on how you feel about stuff
you know literally the the animal will
not literally figuratively the animal
spirits and I don't think there could be
anything better for the you know the the
psyche of the American public than to
launch some people into space and get it
right that would be really really
exciting so if we get this right over
the weekend I would want to own stock on
Monday
I don't give financial advice that was
not financial advice more like a
prediction I don't know can i good
enough to stay out of trouble because I
think you can predict where the stock
market's going as long as you don't
advise people to do anything about it if
I don't advise you to do anything about
it because nobody's good at predicting
the stock market and soon as you think
somebody is that's when you lose all
your money
I continue to be impressed at what I see
as a creative explosion you're seeing a
two right there the the amount of
creativity that people are generating
because they had time to rethink
everything from scratch is really
amazing most of you know I started a
community on the locals platform where
I'm putting a lot of my stuff that you
don't see here so everything that I I do
that's non Dilbert and maybe some
Dilbert stuff will be over there but I
wouldn't have done that I just I was
thinking about it I probably just
wouldn't have executed if life had just
going on but once I could rethink
everything that I and I was faced with
the the end of my career as well and I
got to say it's very motivating in a
creative way even though you would not
choose the path it just it just opens up
all your creative energy I've probably
had more more creative output in the
last two months than any time in my life
so it's been tremendous for me I think
other people are having the same
experience I don't know so you can find
by other stuff at locals locals calm and
you can find the link to that in my at
the top of my Twitter profile so there
are a number of businesses that are
doing great I just read their RV sales
are doing great what so art people are
buying RVs presumably people are
thinking less about flying I'm guessing
so bicycles are doing great everybody in
the delivery business is doing great
you know zoom and the online
forcing that's doing great there's a
whole bunch of telehealth businesses
that are doing great a lot of people
doing great so I have a really good
feeling about the recovery let's talk
about the Twitter effect checking the
big story of the day you're all
following that right the Twitter of
fact-checking so the president the
president we tweeted to the effect of
that mail in voting would would invite a
lot of fraud
Twitter's fact checkers in a new program
decided to label that as something that
needed to be fact checked and then the
effect checked it as not true now there
are a few problems with that you might
see them right away one of them is that
it is true so if your very first fact
checked on the president you didn't even
get a right because it is true it's
obviously true now you could argue the
extent of it you could say it's not
enough to make a difference that would
be an argue you could say it's no worse
than the current system which has its
own problems that would be an argument
you could say it's not perfect but we
have ways to fix it and I think we'll be
alright that would be a good argument
but you know it's not a good argument
that mail-in Bell then mail in ballots
are now subject to fraud really really
because I'm no evil super genius
criminal but even I can think of a few
ways that I could game that system if
you can't think of six ways to game that
system or you're not even trying so I
asked this provocative and perhaps a
philosophical question and it goes like
this if you give your mail-in ballot to
someone else let's say you give it to
your friend to mail it for you and you
don't watch the mail it did you vote now
your first impression is well yeah
because my friend would obviously mail
it so yeah I voted you know
stop being so clever angels dancing on
the head of a pin you're just you're
just trying to find something out of
nothing
Am I Am I
because here's the way I see it your
friend has both his own ballot and your
ballot and he's walking to the mailbox
your friend knows who you voted for
it's your friend your friend knows who
you voted for sure there's some people
who don't know who their friend voted
for but mostly your friend knows who you
voted for even if it's not were they
wondered for they know who you voted for
certainly for president so your friend
has his own ballot and your ballot in
his hand and nobody's watching and
there's the mailbox to mail them your
friend gets the vote twice once when
your friend puts his own vote into the
mail and the second time when he decides
yes or no to put your vote in the mail
because your friend gets a second vote
you think you voted but you didn't
unless your friend decides that your
vote is the way your friend wants it to
go for whatever reason maybe they just
like fairness and they don't want to
ruin the system but the point is in a
very real practical way you didn't vote
your friend voted twice I'm not wrong
it's just one of those things you have
to think about for a little while
alright so as you might imagine Twitter
is getting quite a bit of pushback the
president is saying that he's going to
sign some kind of an executive order
about the social media companies I can't
imagine what that would be Facebook
already said that they don't want to be
in the business of fact-checking
anything so I don't know I don't know
what the executive order is there will
be much jabbering about what is legal
and what is not the president will be
called the dictator dictator because
he's ignoring the Constitution that's
what his critics already saying and then
other people say
exactly how are you gonna monitor or
regulate them
don't you need Congress can you can you
just make the FCC do something
apparently that's not set up so that's
an easy thing to do so we don't know
what the CEO will be unless it's already
come out while I'm talking but here's
what I think could be and unde into
unintended consequence of the Twitter of
fact-checking are you ready for this
here's some unintended potential
consequences number one I doubt the
system will stay the same so so the
first part of this prediction is that
Twitter's you know the first attempt add
effect sort of a fact-checking banner
I'm sure it's not going to stay the same
in other words it's sort of an a/b
testing situation they tried something
they got a lot of pushback surely they
will try something else and probably
pretty quickly here's what I would
assume will be the way they'll shake out
I think they're going to have to somehow
in the interface make it possible to see
the other side so I think they can get
away with doing a fact jack that says
this fact is not true if they're also
prominently and prominently is the part
that's important right it's got to be
equally prominent to say it here's the
counter-argument if they show both
arguments are you happier or are you
less happy oh I know you gonna say you
gonna say no that doesn't work because
that's a lot like when the fake news
will run a story for a week and it's the
biggest headline a million people see it
and then they when they recant it later
and they say oh we got it wrong nobody
sees the correction so you say oh that's
gonna be one of those situations where
yeah on paper they showed both sides but
really it's the the fact-check banner
that people are gonna notice and that's
the part they'll remember
not some other little thing that says
you could look at the other argument but
here here's the unintended consequence
let me ask you this
conservatives do they usually see both
sides of the argument yeah they do
conservatives and Republicans usually
see what the mainstream media is saying
because they're ubiquitous you can't
miss it
but then they also see what Fox News and
Breitbart and anybody that they think is
on the rightest thing so conservatives
are not going to be seeing new
information and I'm generalizing it
right every person is different but I'm
going to make a generalization that
conservatives won't see anything new
because they already saw both sides but
do you know what might be happening
somewhat accidentally somewhat
accidentally we're gonna end up in a
place where the left is going to be
exposed to the entire argument for the
first time now it that hasn't happened
yet
and in fact you're saying the opposite
which is just one side the fact-checking
but I don't think that that situation
can last so I think you're gonna have to
see something that ultimately gives some
appreciation that there's another
argument even if even if it's not the
one that Twitter thinks is correct
and once those both arguments are in the
same place it'll be the first time now
there is an app that doesn't I think
it's ground news there's an app that
shows both sides and it evens you know
tells you where where everybody is on
the spectrum so you can tell if it's a
left source or right sorcerer in between
so it exists but it doesn't exist on the
scale of Twitter so if Twitter started
showing both sides of arguments what
would that do to the entire half of the
country who I call the poorly educated
you know regardless of whether they went
to college or what college they went to
or anything else
they're poorly educated because they
only see half the news they don't see
the conservative half which explains
what they're missing so one of the
unintended completely unpredictable
outcomes of this Twitter thing is that
after the you know the tension and the
fighting and the back-and-forth is done
you might have way better information
for the people on the left which would
be very good for the people on the right
because it's the first time that their
arguments would be seen so don't assume
don't assume this is heading for a bad
place it could it could easily head for
a bad place right there are a hundred
ways you could think of that it would
all go off the trail you know go off the
tracks and we wouldn't have anything
like free speech and you know it just
gets worse and worse you could imagine
that but I think far more likely that
there'll be a natural inclination just
to correct and I think you give this you
get to see something good come out of it
well wait we'll see of course the
country is all worked up as they should
be about this horrible video of the
police killing the African American
gentleman by putting the knee on his
neck and he was complaining you all know
the story but here's the thing can
anybody tell me that the statistics of
how many police killed white people and
in traffic stops because I kind of need
to know that to have an opinion that is
worth anything because if you don't know
that fact do you know anything because
to me that is the difference between do
you have a a police training problem or
do you have a racist problem that's kind
of the big dividing line right there
there has to be a statistic that says
the police killed X number of white
people and this many stops because you'd
probably want to know the number but
also the percentage who got killed when
they got stopped
for some other reason now if that number
is zero well I got some real questions
about the police don't you I mean I got
a lot of questions if they don't kill
anybody else don't you have a lot of
questions about the police
you oughta that would be worst case
scenario but suppose and I don't know
what the statistics are and that's my
point somebody says a 61 year old white
man shot dead by state troopers four
miles from my house yesterday yeah you
have to be careful with all the
anecdotal stuff because you know was he
armed was he coming out the police
you just don't know but the point is the
point is if you don't know that I don't
think you should have an opinion do you
do you think you should have obviously
you could have an opinion on this
specific situation you could certainly
have an opinion on that you know there's
nobody who's thinks that that's our now
well but can you have an opinion about
the police being racist or not whether
that's the problem or it's more just a
police problem can you have an opinion
on that that means anything without
knowing how many of the other
ethnicities are having the same problem
and is it as bad is it the same just
don't know just don't know I'd like to
know that but I would note that while
we're looking for all the bad news
because that's what we do you know we're
always looking for the bad news the bad
news and so we're watching this tragedy
and we were we think that we're divided
and there's this gigantic illusion
happening in which there's no division
whatsoever there's no division
whatsoever I don't think the country has
ever been more unified on one story then
I'm pretty sure every white person Brown
person black person who sees that video
has exactly the same frickin opinion
I'll bet every police officer who looks
at that has a pretty
similar opinion although actually they
may they may shade it a little bit
because they they would know more about
processes and stuff so I'll take that
back maybe the police would have their
own different opinion but I don't think
there's a white or black difference on
this do you see it because you know what
let me speak as a representative very
white person meaning meaning I look at
as why did you could possibly look no
white person has come to me privately
publicly or it anyway and said anything
other than what I just said which is
this is horrible those police need to
pay you know they need to answer this I
have not seen anybody on the other side
so why are we not treating this like a
unifying event
it's a tragedy we all get that but it is
a unifying event it's a unifying event
there's nobody on the other side how do
we not see that how is that invisible to
us all it's the most unifying thing
that's happened in a long time that
wasn't called the corona virus so we can
find bad news everywhere I mean
obviously the tragedy itself is horrible
news but the way we're responding to it
as a society I think you should be proud
of I think you should be proud of it
it's my opinion all right so a hundred
thousand people are dead from the corona
virus of the United States alone fifteen
hundred and thirty five of them died
today on average since since it started
getting bad last few months nine hundred
a day had been dying let's round that
off to a thousand per day if we've got a
hundred thousand now what will it look
like in ninety days we'll say at the end
of August if it stays at a thousand a
day well that would be a hundred and
ninety thousand dead and that's just
August you know we're not even talking
about the potential second wave that
may not happen dr. Faye cheese you know
says it's not guaranteed but something
to worry about
aren't we easily gonna cross 200,000 or
or does it yeah obviously 90,000 if it's
90 days at a thousand a day somebody
says and you believe flu death
statistics know if you're new I do not
believe flu death statistics meaning I
don't believe the regular flu statistics
because I've never met anybody died to
the regular flu I just don't believe I
don't believe 50,000 people a year are
dying of the regular flu and you know
there was a doctor who looked into it I
talked about this in a different
periscope and apparently they don't
count those deaths they're not counted
so we actually don't know how many
people have died of the regular flu they
do they do like a statistical thing and
say uh it looks like there were extra
people dying this during the flu season
so those must have been flu deaths well
we don't know somebody says check the
curve Scott you're misinformed check the
curve on what I don't know what topic
you're talking about are you saying that
it won't be a thousand a day because my
understanding is that we're managing the
curve to flatness because it's unlikely
that opening up everything is also going
to make the curve go down much but we're
just trying to make it not go up right
so if we're managing it to stay flat at
about a thousand a day how do we not get
to 200,000 deaths sometime into
September nursing home crisis somebody
says yeah it could be that the nursing
homes are not part of the the daily
death toll anymore are they because
don't we have the nursing homes kind of
under control now
[Music]
somebody says three million dead in the
US by November I don't think so
all right I just looked and we still
haven't seen the net have we now this
would be a good time for everybody who
made predictions about the corona virus
to kind of check their work so so let's
do that
the the thing I think I got the most
wrong on the corona virus situation is
early on when we did the initial
shutdown to the economy and I told you
it's gonna be no big deal because you
could easily shut down the economy for a
month and we get right back to work and
then I thought well maybe it's gonna be
six weeks but still get right back to
work but I didn't see how long it would
be so I didn't I did not anticipate that
they would they would keep extending him
so I would say that my predictions on a
quick recovery from a quick shutdown
were completely wrong because they
extended that extent at the time so I
was wrong about that
my my estimate of the death toll was
based on the fact that we would human
ingenuity would come up with some
solutions fairly quickly and that the
net the people who didn't die in car
accidents and other things would end up
somewhat compensating for the people who
died of the corona virus and that we
wouldn't lose that many people net and I
had actually said 5,000 net now we don't
know if the net is but if it's a hundred
thousand coronavirus it's probably
[Music]
50,000 net at least so my number would
be way off by a factor of 10 and I might
still be the closest estimate weirdly
enough even even that far off
and I'd also predicted that the suicide
rate would actually drop under the
assumption that we're locked down for
only a month or so but of course the
longer we go
that would reverse so my prediction was
based on a shorter lockdown all right oh
there's somebody saying that these
Central Park dogs story is a Covington
kids 2.0 so is there something
completely different about that we don't
know I wouldn't be surprised
yeah Minnesota has got the fires and
looting huh so that's not going well so
the the 5,000 net deaths was based on
the assumption that there were a whole
bunch of other deaths that we would be
avoiding so that the gross I said would
be 50,000 so but but even as bad as my
estimate was it's going to be closer
than most experts you know I think when
it comes out all right your book behind
you fell did it did that happen on
camera
did it happen while you were looking
tell you some Biden jokes I don't have
any good Biden jokes but I'm gonna tell
you about the future would you like to
hear about the future so two things
there's a place called the Faroe Islands
I never heard of them fa r OE I guess
it's a tourist destination I have no
idea where but I just so website where
they're giving remote tours with a local
so they'll I don't know exactly how they
do it I think they put a camera on some
local person's head and then you can
control where he goes so you can
actually send the local out walking on
the island and looking around and
looking at the sights and you just sort
of control where the local goes it's
like a human robot or something I don't
know the details but I thought was funny
creative so my prediction has always
been that you'll be able to take a
vacation by operating a drone in a place
you want to see so in other words if you
say I'd like to see the Great Wall of
China someday you'll be able to go onto
a website and just log onto a drone and
you'll just be able to control your own
drone and you just take it up and look
around on your screen and take a look at
the Great Wall of China
I know maybe maybe China's the last
place that would allow that but the
point is I think people will be taking
remote virtual vacations or really just
sightseeing not a vacation by a drone
that they operate from where they're I
think there's a latency problem so maybe
that doesn't work here's the other part
of the future that I guarantee you is
coming so during the lockdown I went to
buy myself a new bicycle and I thought
hey I'm gonna look at those new
electronic bicycles they've got a
battery that's built-in to the bike and
you still have to pedal but the battery
gives you a little boost on hills and
I'd read a little bit about them and
they sounded interesting and I thought
huh I will look into this electronic
bicycle situation so I ended up getting
one here's how long it took me to make
the decision the bicycle shop guy and of
course it was all coronavirus rules and
there's a couple weeks ago it's all
coronavirus rules
so I'm the only one in the shop and you
know I pick out pick out one and he he
lets me take it for a test drive in the
parking lot so I take this II bike into
the parking lot I do a circle and I come
back and I say I got to ask you one
question
has anybody ever taken a test drive on
an e bike and not purchased it and he
laughed he laughed and he said there's
something called the ebike smile which
he said he couldn't see with me because
I had my math
kind of a thing you guys the people who
do the test drive on the ebike when they
come back their smile is wrapped around
their head now I got to tell you you
don't quite understand how fun this is
if you've never read one if you've never
ridden one hold your judgment can I ask
you that
can I ask you that if you haven't ridden
one just assume as I did that you don't
understand it please assume that because
there's something really cool coming
there's something really cool coming so
here's here's the deal so I've been
riding this around for you know like I
said a couple weeks and the one thing
that happens every single time is that
my attitude just completely transforms
my attitude just goes into positivity
and I feel great I feel free just
everything it's amazing
the feeling you get is not the feeling
of a motorcycle it's not the feeling of
a bicycle those are both good right
people like bicycles they're great
people like motorcycles they're terrific
this is better this is better I've had a
motorcycle I know what a motorcycle
feels like here's why it's better a
motorcycle is a little bit boring and
scary at the same time if you're going
down the freeway on your motorcycle
you should be unless you're not normal
pretty afraid of something that if
you're controlled killing you at any
moment and that never really goes away
when you're on a motorcycle unless I
don't maybe it does for some people but
never did for me at the same time it's
also fun but there's not much you can do
you don't have a lot of freedom or where
you can view you've got a obey the laws
etc and you have this big helmet on
that's you know covering your whole head
so you're not really even outdoors
basically and then a bicycle of course
is wonderful but if you have a lot of
hills and I live where there are a lot
of hills it's you know it limits what
you can and cannot
with the with the electric bike I've
only charged it I charge it maybe once a
week once a week and you can go up any
Hill easily you still have to pedal so
you always have a feeling of control but
here's the fun part the sensation you
have is that you're super strong and yes
the price was just about what you're
guessing and the and the comment said so
it's pretty expensive now the the
battery is here's the other here's the
part that tells you what the future
looks like
you can go forever on these you actually
will just sort of never get tired you
just ride it forever up hills down hills
so distance just goes away the other
thing is that the quality of the
batteries is improving all the time so
the price is going down the power is
going up it I guarantee you that the
future is small personal vehicles now I
don't know that this Segway is quite the
form that people are going to want
because it's sort of bulky and you can't
write it on the sidewalk you can't write
it on the street too easily
it just doesn't belong anywhere but
bicycles belong everywhere I can take my
bicycle everywhere I can take it in my
house if I don't want it to be stolen
there's no place I can't go with my
bicycle so that's my my prediction to
you is that these electronic assist
vehicles will be they bikes or trikes or
who knows what they will be they're
really gonna be big because they're
great they're just great and also as I
was saying before it makes you question
the subjective nature of reality because
because if every time I'm on I'm happy
it kind of tells me that it's not my
life that made me unhappy in the first
place somebody asks how heavy it is
first of all that the battery is easy to
remove
just comes right off but you one person
can lift it and put it in the back of a
SUV it's it's heavier than a regular
bike you wouldn't want to do a lot of
biking without the electronic assist
turned on it's a trek TR ek yeah does it
feel unreal yeah it does it does it
feels like you're in a dream and it's a
good one because you're super strong and
not everybody knows that it's an e bike
because it doesn't if you look at it you
wouldn't know it just has a little bit
of fat or bar you know one of the main
support boards a little fatter because
of the battery that's it so there are
tons of bikes people walked around where
I live so I like to pedal fast up really
steep hills and make people think I'm
strong it never gets old good brakes
yeah the brakes are fine it's a it's
actually a really well-made
piece of machinery can you ride it in
the rain yes apparently you could ride
it in the pouring rain without any risk
whatsoever according to the salesperson
and the battery is enclosed and doesn't
get wet do I go biking with Christina
not yet a lot to try to talk her into it
biking is one of those things that it's
a little bit better alone don't you
think because part of what makes a
bicycle so much fun is the freedom of it
that literally when I'm riding around my
neighborhood I just say to myself I
think I'll go this way
and just go left and look at a new
neighborhood if you're riding with
somebody you're you're sort of trying to
communicate with them at least a little
bit and ride and it's sort of doesn't
doesn't mix as well yeah biking improves
your mood every time somebody says
Scott should go Oprah on us tonight you
mean like there's a electric bike under
your your under your seat what model is
it I forget the model number all right
that's all for now so here's the good
news your social media is going to get
better your economy is getting better
electronic bikes are gonna be everywhere
and you're gonna love them that's the
good news
it's all good news from here on out it's
gonna be a great summer a great summer
and yes we did set a new wedding date
but we're not telling you what it is but
I'll be getting married pretty soon
pretty soon very small we will not be
violating any any any regulations and I
will talk to you in the morning