all right if you remember in 2016 I
became let's
say known within the political
commentary world for my comments about
Trump and persuasion and here's
something I missed and when it once it
hit me I thought oh my God Trump did his
Rosie odonnell thing again remember in
2016 he did the the debate where he was
challenged about his you know actions
with women or what he said about women
and he said only Ros O'Donnell and many
of us said my God that's the moment
that's when everything changed that's
when you realize that he was he was too
strong to be taken down by weak attacks
and that he's going someplace but he had
that moment uh in this last debate but
it was a little bit overshadowed by the
fact that Biden fell apart so Biden's
collapse was the big story which
diverted even me from noting that he
created a masterpiece p a masterpiece
now I I could argue that his entire
debate was a masterpiece of persuasion
if you allow me that his factchecking
was the usual right but in terms of the
energy the leadership the you know the
mental
acuity um the ability to move energy
around even the wise way he avoided
questions he's criticized for avoiding
questions but he did it wisely like he
just moved the conversation to where he
he had a strength all of those things
are A+ right now I criticized him and
nitpicked him over some of the arguments
like not debunking the hoaxes well
enough and that's still a criticism but
he also didn't get into any of the weeds
much so if you allow that he's not a
weed getter into guy he's got a strategy
that works in debates he employed his
strategy that works in debates which is
not getting into too many details
staying at the high level and also even
his critics are saying he did a great
job of bringing everything back to
immigration and he did he he if you
remember one thing it's something about
immigration which plays to his strength
I barely remember any of the other
topics except that golf thing which I'm
not going to talk about because yeah
that was just fun but you all remember
when he
said after uh early on when uh Biden
mumbled and Trump let this go he said
said I really don't know what he said at
the end of the sentence I don't think he
knows what he said
either I'm going to turn the board
around and tell you why if you didn't
realize it was more than just funny
because maybe your reaction was oh
that's funny it's just like good joke
and maybe you thought that's all it was
oh God
no this is something that only Trump can
do watch this
look how look how much technique he
packed into this number one he said it
quickly and it was funny and it was
clever what were they both trying to
prove that night they were trying to
prove that Biden had mental acuity the
moment he showed he didn't Trump not
only called him out which would have
been fine not only called him out for
his lack of mental acuity but he
demonstrated his own quick wit contrast
is your number one you know well it's in
the top five uh persuasion techniques so
he created an instant contrast which he
proved to the world he's a fast thinker
and a productive fast thinker because
not only was he fast but he came up with
the perfect
spontaneous
spontaneous at
lived perfect persuasion it's the only
thing I remembered besides the golf talk
because it was funny it's all I
remembered and you wait a few days after
the debate and you say to yourself what
do you
remember you remember
that now it also had the effect of being
the Silent
Assassin you want Trump because he's
strong you want Trump if you want Trump
you want him because he can take down
his enemies without much effort you want
a guy who can make a kill shot and of
low energy Jeb you want somebody who can
change the world with a
sentence he was a Silent Assassin he
didn't make a big deal about it he
didn't he didn't put on a show he just
gave the face when he was listening to
him like the quizzical face your dog
makes when you're talking to your dog
and dog turns hiside I don't even know
what that word those words are so first
he gives you the visual where he's he's
obviously straining to even understand
what Biden is saying so that's good but
when he when he sticks the shiv
in it's just such a strong Silent
Assassin he didn't make a lot of noise
about it he just knew it was the kill
shot and so he didn't have to yell about
it he just said all right here's the
shiv put this right up to your ribs
there now I'm gonna I'm GNA be pressing
this in really hard while you're all
watching there we go there we go there
we go now we've penetrated the heart and
now I'd like to tell you some things
I'll do as
president it was masterful right the
next thing he did was he found a
sentence or two that summarized the
entire
election the entire election is about
the cognitive you know value of one
person versus the other and he managed
to summarize the entire campaign with
this sentence will never
forget two
sentence I forgot it's on the other side
of my my whiteboard but I didn't forget
the sentence the other thing he did is
with that one reframe he reframed Biden
as a child or as somebody who needs
extra
help because he didn't yell at
him and the way he talked to them is the
way you would only talked to a child if
somebody had mental problems and said
something you didn't understand would
you ever look him right in the face
while you're standing there and say I
didn't understand that and I don't think
you did either no would you say it to an
adult
no would you say it to a
child yeah you would if a three-year-old
said blah blah blah blah blah you know
and it was like half language and half
not you might you might say to a child I
don't know what you just said there but
I don't think you know
either you see what I mean you would
only say that to a child there's no
other
circumstance and so he reframes Biden as
someone that you can talk right
to as if he doesn't even understand what
you're saying while you're saying it the
reframe there was subtle but freaking
brilliant just the way that if he if
he'd gone strong it would look like two
adults so in other words if he said well
there it is there that's exactly what
I've been telling you people I make
sense he doesn't make sense he just
proved it that would be two adults
talking he didn't do that he treated him
like he was a child and you can just
dismissively talk about him right in
front of him
brilliant but here's the big one there
are a couple other things but the mo the
strongest part is I've taught I've
taught my local subscribers this trick
it it is so powerful as a persuasion
it's when you pce somebody which is you
match their thinking you either match
what they're doing or or what they're
thinking or saying so there's different
ways to Pace them it basically makes you
like the person you're trying to
persuade oh yeah I'm like you whatever
you're doing I'm doing too and then the
next thing you say you're more
persuasive because they say well you're
like me so I'll listen to you as soon as
Biden started mumbling what were you
thinking at home you were thinking at
exactly the time that Trump said it you
were thinking exactly what he said
that is the most persuasive thing you
can do when somebody's in the room if
you can pick out what somebody's
thinking at the moment they're thinking
it and it's a non-standard thought all
right has to be non-standard a standard
thought would be wow it's hot today okay
you don't get any credit for that
because everybody knows it's hot it's an
ordinary thing I sure am hungry no no
even if the other person's hungry too
nothing right those are ordinary
thoughts but this was an extraordinary
situation a debate and a very unordinary
situation where one of the people said
something that didn't make sense to
anybody so Trump gets in all of her
heads Democrats and Republicans and at
at as you're thinking it it comes out of
his
mouth oh my God you were thinking I
don't know what that
meant you are also thinking I don't know
if he knows what that meant
he said exactly what you were thinking
exactly when you thought it now even if
you if you take the timing out it
doesn't work if he had said it the day
after you know I don't know if you heard
him but I don't know what he said and I
don't think you know either no effect no
effect well a little bit it would be a
little bit of pacing but you would lose
the immediacy if you can do it at the
moment somebody's thinking it and by the
way I teach I teach this technique this
is a real powerful persuasion technique
um and he nailed it now imagine doing
that spontaneously and
instantly and having that much right but
it's better it keeps going it was funny
because it was funny and he knew it
would be funny humor makes you repeat it
in your head when you hear something
that's funny and is clever your head
repeats it the repetition is what makes
something become more important in your
mind mind you can't not repeat it it's
why rhymes work you repeat Rhymes in
your head so that's why they get sticky
so humor is
repetition repetition forms
memory and as Dr Carmen Simon teaches us
memory is basically what's going to
drive your actions and your opinions so
humor is repetition repetition makes
memories memories is
persuasion and I also tell you that uh
visual persuasion is the most
powerful and you'd say well this isn't
really visual it's just something
said except that we were looking at
Biden's face Biden's face was the visual
of the night the only visual that
anybody talked about is how bad his face
looked so when you match that you're
already thinking what is wrong with
Biden's
face with the fact that he's saying
sketchy stuff you get the visual for
free now I don't know that that was so
planned but it but it was
there it was also a surprise because you
don't expect somebody to say something
in a presidential debate that's quite
that clever and biting and right in your
face and so you might you might say well
it's not that big a surprise because
it's Trump but even for trump it came
you know maybe came out of nowhere so
surprise also gets your attention
attention is memory memory is
persuasion and I would also argue that
in a in a subtle
way uh Biden's obvious dementia is scary
now is scary in a a general way which is
uhoh who's running the
country um so you got fear you got an
indirect visual you got him thinking
what what you're thinking and saying it
as you're thinking it he's reframed him
as a child he's summarized the entire
election A Silent Assassin he showed
contrast by being quick
witted it was
amazing he did that
spontaneously so you know when I had a a
chance to talk to him about persuasion
uh in the Oval Office in 2018 I actually
asked him you know have you studied
persuasion or is this natural and he
told me it was natural that you know you
made no special effort to study it is
just a lifetime of picking up tips I
guess and uh that was that was the best
example you're ever going to see