Oh pumpin bump bump bump bump bump bump
but um hey everybody I know my theme
song gets better every time so one of
the questions I know you here for the
answer question is what is better than
the simultaneous up the answer nothing
nothing is better than the simultaneous
it in the entire world
oh sure you think the birth of your
children your marriage you might think
world peace I'm feeding the feeding the
hungry stopping climate change you might
think those are important things but I
think they're overrated compared to the
simultaneous it and all you need to
participate to feel the amazing intense
pleasure of the dopamine the end of the
day to get your day off right is you
need to cover a marker glasses Diana
cellist actor to thermos a flask a
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoyed me now for the unparalleled
pleasure
the simultaneous eped that's right not a
damn thing is better than the
simultaneous it well let's talk about
some stuff as many of you remember when
Jeffrey Epstein's death was announced
99.9% of the world said he was murdered
murdered I say people got in there and
they murdered him right in front of our
noses and I alone on planet Earth as is
my is what I'm I'm used to now alone on
planet Earth
I said you know not so fast sure
everybody on earth wasn't dead but you
if you have a hypothesis that says
incompetence could have been an
explanation well I go with the odds and
so my prediction was
as we learn more and more about the
Epstein death that we would not find
additional evidence they he had been
murdered but that we were to find
additional evidence that it was a
suicide now the latest news was he had
broken neck bones now he he was found
hung in his in a Cell and of course the
the first the first article I read makes
it sound like well broken neck bones and
then it starts out by saying that is
consistent with being strangled and it
is it is also consistent with hanging
yourself
apparently there are two ways that
typically you'll see this sort of thing
which is one is suicide and the other is
somebody kills you so you have evidence
that's compatible with both do you
remember the so-called shrieking so when
it was reported that it was heard there
was some shrieking around the time of
the death I said could the shrieking be
coming from a man because when a man
shrieks what word do you use to describe
it if you hear a man let's say making a
loud verbal noise in distress what's the
first word you think of scream I heard a
man screaming right would you say shriek
now now suppose you heard a loud verbal
sound coming out of eight an adult
woman's mouth if you ordered at a let's
say a very troubled large loud noise
coming from the mouth of a woman in the
distance and she was very troubled would
you call that a scream what you might
but you might call that as you know a
screech
it was revealed today that one of the
guards one of the two guards that were
asleep was a woman so my theory that it
was suicide said that the the shrieking
was probably one of the guards and that
we find that one of the guards was a
woman I don't know what percentage of
total guards are women it might be
pretty high now maybe it's higher than I
think it is but that was my hypothesis
was that a woman was one of the first
ones to find him and realize there her
life was gonna have some trouble not
only did she have to deal with a you
know a dead guy that was on her watch
but her life is not going to be the same
because this so we don't know everything
about this but um
but we do know that so far a hundred
percent of what we've heard is
consistent with suicide and it is now
being reported as a you know presumed
suicide
so I don't believe anybody in an
official capacity is calling it anything
else am i right is there anybody in an
official capacity who is expressly
leaving open the murder hypothesis of
course they have to look into it and
they have to get all the details but
have you heard anybody official who
actually knows something say well we
haven't ruled out murder
I don't believe well Rudi's really is a
political animal
somebody said Rudy Giuliani but he's a
political person all right
here's more evidence of the simulation
here's a true story from the headlines
Andy Dick was a dick who grabbed a guy
by the deck allegedly and therefore that
guy came back and punched him in the
face so the guy who punched Andy Dick in
the face and looks like he injured him
pretty badly which is no joking matter
claims that it was provoked although not
at the mom
rather moments before he claims that he
had said goodbye to Andy Dick you know
thanks ed good show or something and the
Andy Dick had weak to him and grabbed
his crotch and then I guess he thought
about it for a moment and then come came
back and punched him now I have who
knows if that's true for salt but let's
say it's true what exactly is the legal
treatment for that how long do you have
to wait or how soon after being sexually
assaulted can you punch somebody in the
face and almost kill them before it
becomes illegal I don't know the answer
that do you if somebody it you know if
you're in public and somebody grabs you
by your genitals in public could you
legally immediately punch them as hard
as you can in the face and kill them and
actually kill them let's say there were
witnesses so there's no doubt about what
happened somebody came up to you and
grabbed you by your junk and and you
knew that they were doing it for sexual
purposes because Andy Dick was bisexual
I believe could you punch them as hard
as you want and actually kill them and
get off as now I just happened in the
moment it was just a reaction I don't
know I think so
suppose you walk away for 10 seconds
because you're you know just sort of
disoriented for a moment and after the
guys let go ten seconds later you walk
up and punch him and kill him
how long what is the waiting period at
which point it becomes a crime I don't
know so I guess the legal system will
sort that out and if he was actually
grabbed by his crotch I'm sure there
were witnesses so we'll probably find
that out all right Carla Harris is
getting a lot of pushback for court
politicizing the latest shooting and
police action in Philadelphia I don't
like to talk about the
shootings so that that's not what I'm
gonna do here I'm just gonna talk about
that
the politicizing of it alright so
apparently while the event was going on
qumola was on TV the word politicizing
sort of a general word but I assume that
she was using the event as a sort of a
launch point to talk about you know gun
crime and why she should be president
what do you think about that what do you
think of Kamala Harris quote
politicizing an event while it's
happening and people are still in harm's
way what do you think about that I'll
look at your comments while they're
going by I'll tell you what I think
about it while you're commenting I'm
100% good with it not only am i okay
with it I approve of it so I'm not even
neutral I approve and I know you're
gonna hate me for it right
I approve if she does it I prove if
President Trump does it I prove if
anybody does it so long as the thing
that they're promoting is is something
that legitimate people could think would
be a solution now I get your disgust and
I would agree with your disgust you know
she were standing on the same block as
the as the event so you have you have
sort of a visceral reaction to it which
is Lulu and I can't talk you out of a
visceral reaction so if you just have
like a human reaction of Lulu I
completely get that but there's no
reason for it all right it's not a
reason based reaction it's just a Lou
now should we make decisions based on
your feeling of no probably not
that's probably not the best way to make
a decision here's my point if you want
to get something done on a topic of
great national importance
that is totally roadblocked do you
believe that anything is going to happen
with guns I don't don't you think
there's just a complete in a bill
need to do anything about guns yeah what
what would you do with a problem that
could be solved in the normal polite
ways and the normal routines that you
use to solve problems well if you do
something gross in an environment where
something normal would work just fine I
think you have to answer to that you
know why are you being gross why are you
being in why being so inconsiderate of
the victims like why why are you being
so icky and look when there's death
happening right now why are you doing
that now if there were some other
alternative to solve this what she
perceives as much of the country
perceives as a major gun problem if
there was some other normal way to do it
I'd say well you should be doing it the
normal way why are you being a jerk you
don't have to be a jerk just use the
normal process use the Congress get some
votes do that sort of thing but the one
thing we know for sure is that that
won't work we know that we don't have in
this country any kind of a process
there's no process we don't have a
Congress that can pass a new law we
don't have anybody saying hey let's test
it small and see how it goes
now hold on it's irrelevant that you say
there's no gun problem do you get do you
get that you could be right or you could
be wrong
but do you get that so relevant to the
conversation what's relevant is the
people involved have a genuine a genuine
belief even if they're wrong a genuine
belief that it's a big problem and a
genuine belief that they have some
solutions under those conditions that
person is operating ethically and
morally as I'm going to explain a little
bit more even if they're wrong about the
facts so don't argue the facts that's
not the topic right now we're talking
about whether somebody is a key for
politicizing the shooting so here's my
take on it if you can't solve a problem
any other way
trumpet trumpet meaning play like Trump
would what would Trump do if he wanted
to solve the gun problem
because I don't think he does honestly
it's just I I I think on some level if
he could you know wave a magic wand
something would happen and people
wouldn't shoot any people people
wouldn't shoot each other anymore he'd
do that
so he wants his salt in the magic way
clearly but there's no evidence that
this president is really you know moving
toward any kind of aggressive solution
if you were what would it look like what
would it look like if President Trump
wanted to solve the gun violence problem
in this country I'll tell you what it
would look like he would grab that box
and he would shake it he would just
shake the heck out of it and see what
because the old the old box full of
variables was getting us nowhere and
would get us nowhere so you got to shake
the box and thence he was left okay shut
the box now how are the variables lined
up no still no shake it again still no
shake it again it's a good process
because if the thing if the variable use
the variables you have don't work you
got to change the variables so Kabul
Harris comes in during the most
politicizing sensitive moment and she
comes in like a like a bulldozer and
politicizes the freaking thing good if
now here the assumption is that she
genuinely believes that a solution needs
to happen and that we can't get there
with our normal process under those
conditions and I think those are
reasonable assumptions I do think most
Democrats believe there's a real problem
that with some real better government we
could make some progress I think they
really believe that and I don't I don't
disagree with it at all
so I am 100% backing of Kamala Harris
politicizing a shooting in progress you
know why because that's why we're
talking about her do you know what the
other cowards we're doing waiting
everybody else who's running against her
for president
looks like an idiot now to me I know not
to you to you they look more awesome
because they they didn't you know they
didn't politicize it I get that but only
one person shook the box that needed to
be shook she said I'm gonna go in there
while it's while they're shootings in
progress
screw this I don't have to be polite
anymore
I don't need to make you feel good I
don't need to make the other side feel
good all you people who are disgusted by
it don't care I'm not gonna make you
feel good anymore I'm not gonna I'm
gonna not gonna let people get gunned
down in America because you can feel
better that way
just not going to do it so calmly Harris
comes in here shakes the box and says
look at me I just shook your damn box
can we do something now all right now
will anything positive come of it
probably not probably not because the
gun thing is just so hard to to fix
probably it has to get a lot worse
before anything's gonna get better
but I I'm a hundred percent supportive
of her politicizing the heck out of it
so long as it's honest and it looks like
it is shake the box
calmly all right have y'all seen Lee the
disturbing / entertaining video of
comedian Bill Hader doing imitations of
Tom Cruise on I guess an old video of
Letterman interview yeah while he's
talking his face morphs into Tom Cruise
and then when he talks like himself it
goes back and then there's another video
where he does the same thing with Arnold
Schwarzenegger talking on another show
and he morphs into Arnold
Schwarzenegger's face while he's doing
an impression and then when the
impression ends he goes back to his own
face and it is so seamless that you
can't even see the technology happening
you you're just blinking your eyes and
you're going what's happening what wait
oh that's Tom Cruise let's be later it
is so freaky to see how seamlessly it
happens you
can't detect the technology happening
he's just one person and then he's
another person and that tells you
everything you need to know about what
the next 10 years looks like that's what
we can do today right now we can do that
you know we meaning people who can do
that could do that I can't do it you
can't do it but people can do it and so
I ask you this suppose you wanted to
build an AI that was very human-like
suppose you took me and created a deep
fake of me specifically me because of
this next fact I have more public
opinions on more topics than perhaps
anybody in the world I don't know if
that's true but let's put that out there
and you can argue with me on it but
you'll agree that I'm among the most
public opinionated people who ever lived
public opinion everybody has opinions
but I'm unique in that for 30 years I've
been saying things in public interviews
and the Dilbert cartoon and blog posts
and videos and books and saidar you
could find you could probably find
opinions for me and just about every
topic now imagine you're building an AI
and the AI is going to be a reproduction
of me and deep fake of me and you're
going to have a conversation with it and
the deep fake really just deals with
keywords it's such a it's the it's the
simplest AI in the world it just sort of
operates on keywords so you come up to
the deep fake Scott you say it's got
blah blah blah you know there's a big
gun problem today on the news did you
see it and my AI hears gun problem news
and so is starts saying the things that
I always say about guns and the news and
it runs through something like what I
just talked about with politicizing it
maybe it says something about you know
trying it you know a be testing it in
states maybe it says something about
Congress can't get there but there's a
whole bunch of a pain
that I would just start talking about
now would you be able to distinguish
what my deep fake did which is just
recognizing you keywords and then I just
give my opinions would you know I wasn't
real because if you came up to me in
real life and said blah blah blah did
you see the on the news what
would I say I'd probably say you know
yes or no I saw it but then I would give
my opinion on the topic and it would
look exactly like my AI now you might
not be able to interrupt it and you know
as quickly interact with it as a real
person but almost immediately if my AI
just started saying what it felt based
on keywords from any topic it would be
about 80% alive at least in the way you
you perceive it the last 20% is hard but
you would be 80% there with nothing but
keywords and Google searches of things
I've said before think about it so
that's how close we are to artificial
reality how many people have you ever
had a conversation with in which the
answers that you got from them did not
seem to be human in other words no
matter what you say the thing they say
doesn't seem to be related to what you
said let me give you an example every
time I talk to a Democrat about the fine
people hoax and I take them down what I
call the hoax funnel you would expect
that a live human being like a real
person an organic human if you if they
said I have this belief X and you said
oh you are mistaken here's the
transcript here's the video you can look
for yourself it's very it's very compact
you can see this sentence that
absolutely says the opposite of what you
believe to be true
okay human being now that you've seen
evidence that is absolutely
incontrovertible you can look at it you
can verify it and it's the opposite of
what you believed you'll change your
mind now right no nobody not one person
do you think organic human-beings see
information that counters their opinion
and then changed their mind never and so
if you are trying to build an AI that
represented people how would you build
the AI to deal with new information that
proves their old opinion was wrong what
would be the proper way to program that
if you programmed it to change its mind
I would instantly know it was a robot if
I went to somebody who was a Democrat
someday in the future when we can't tell
androids from from real people and I
said hey you know the thing you've been
saying about the fine people thing
didn't happen it's it's reported wrong
here's the transcript and let's say this
creature looked at the transcript and
said I have been wrong all along it
seems that my information was inaccurate
I changed my opinion now completely to
now agree with you and i disavow
everything that I said five minutes ago
you'd know you were talking to a robot
it would be instant you'd be like robot
robot so how long will we have to go
before we realize the central truth of
human beings we can't program artificial
intelligence because there's no real
intelligence you can't make a photocopy
of it nothing
if you photocopy on nothing something
that doesn't exist do you know how many
pictures of unicorns we have zero the
reason you can't take a picture of a
unicorn is they don't exist how many how
many pictures of the Loch Ness monster
that are actually real pictures do we
have none I guess that's a bad example
because we have some fake pictures but
if you try to build an artificial
intelligence it's not going to look like
a human sorry someday by the way I'm
pretty sure that nobody else in the
world is
publicly released as often as what I'm
saying that you can't build artificial
intelligence because there's an illusion
involved and the illusion is that the
humans are intelligent you know once you
lose that illusion you could build
artificial intelligence like that
someday somebody's going to build an AI
based on that truth that people are not
rational
and when you talk to it you're gonna say
holy hell I think I'm talking to my
coworker because I it's like talking to
a wall and you say to yourself oh
talking to a wall does that sound like a
human being yes yes that's exactly what
talking to a human being sounds like
talking to somebody who can't hear you
can't reason and can't change their mind
that's what it feels like all right too
much of that Thomas Friedman well-known
Democrat no lover of the president no
lover of Republicans in general
interestingly says that the getting
tough with China which Trump has done
was the right move now
Friedman suggests that the trade war and
the tariffs are not the right way to
deal with it but that we had to we had
to put our foot down in other words we
could no longer keep going the way we
were going with our current trade deals
so even the Friedman says no you
couldn't do that you just couldn't
continue with those lopsided deals
that's a big deal it's a big deal and
you see I think even Bernie has agreed
with the President on that but Friedman
says that he would prefer the TPP over
the trade wars with China and that's the
opposite of what the president did and
so I look at that and I say huh let's
let's talk to a human being
and I want to make sure I'm not talking
to any androids or any artificial
intelligence so let's talk to a human
being so I'll go up to a human being and
we'll say hey Thomas Friedman thinks TPP
would have been a better deal than
tariffs what do you think human being
what were the human se
what's a trade deal Wow you remind me
what a tariff is China or we do trading
with China okay I wasn't aware of that
but okay and TPP is some kind of toilet
paper thing
what is the TPP or some kind of trade
deal with what's different between TPP
and making a deal with China I don't
know what any of those things are weird
a quote Family Guy I don't know about
any of that how can how can the average
human being look at this statement of
have an opinion here's the statement TPP
might have been a better way to go
instead of tariffs with China what I
don't know maybe do you think Thomas
Friedman knows enough about either TPP
or tariffs with China you see an
economist I don't know maybe is well I
got yeah I look at that and I say to
myself this might be the smartest thing
anybody ever said or the dumbest thing I
can't even judge if it's the smartest
thing anybody ever said or the dumbest
thing anybody ever said now Friedman is
pretty smart
so I'm gonna lean toward there something
there but I don't know what I can't
judge it can you
so to Thomas Friedman I say first the
compliment smart guy does good work
writes good books secondly you've
overestimated the understanding of the
public severely we don't know what TPP
is we barely know what a tariff is and
we certainly don't know how it's all
going to play out nobody knows even what
the old trade deals were to know exactly
what it is that we want to do
differently here's my prediction you
ready we will never have a comprehensive
trade deal with China I believe that we
will simply evolve away from it because
there's
it appears that their their business
model if you will is power and not
compromise it's sort of an American
thing to even offer a deal that's fair
to both sides it's a very American thing
somebody says goalposts moving if you're
referring to me I did believe that we
would get a China trade deal that was
before I understood that they didn't
want one the minimum requirement for
having a deal is that both sides want a
deal but what we're learning is that
China doesn't want a deal they want the
same thing that they had which is a an
unbalanced a deal so the only thing they
want is the one thing we're not going to
give them at least under the Trump
administration so you don't have two
sides trying to find a deal that's good
for both sides and as long as that's not
happening well I wouldn't expect I
wouldn't expect a deal if you don't have
two sides trying to make a deal
apparently we just have two sides
pretending to talk but but China doesn't
want any kind of a deal that would be
anything like fair so I don't see that
changing and so therefore my my
prediction has changed so my prediction
has changed too I don't think we're ever
going to have a comprehensive trade deal
with China I think we'll just tariffs
and adjust over time well here's here's
a economic rule that's one of the the
best most useful rules of economics
you'll ever hear here's a sort of thing
that only people you know deal with
economics and spend some time studying
it would know it's very simple to know
and it explains a lot of stuff like you
could be the smartest person in the room
if you only know this one thing
you ready here's the one thing markets
adjust whatever the rules are or
whatever the situation is you can either
change the situation or you can just
wait because the market will simply
adjust
whatever if you change the tax law the
market will be discombobulated for a
little while but if you check back in
ten years the market adjusted the market
adjusts to anything you know you just
about anything the market adjusts over
time so if we were to say okay it looks
like we can never have a deal with China
the market would have discombobulation
in the short term where everybody said
oh my hair is on fire you know what do
we do we don't know where things are
going what will what will become with us
and then you'll check back in ten years
and you'll find that Central America is
just bristling with new companies that
move from China to be closer to the
markets it took care of the immigration
problem by absorbing labor in Central
America and we no longer have a dispute
with China because we just tariff them
they tariff us it all works out in the
long run so remember that rule markets
can adjust to just about anything except
except maybe socialism I suppose since
somebody was saying so as long as you
have freedom and capitalism and money
can move across borders and ideas can
move and people have you know freedom of
expression freedom to try things freedom
to try startups as long as a lot of
things can be tried and fail and still
as long as a few things work you're
moving forward as long as we have the
economy that looks the way we look
markets
adjust so I say no no deal with China
let's talk about Hong Kong because that
comes into the same topic here's my
prediction on Hong Kong are you ready
China wins China wins so whatever it is
that China wants and if Hong Kong I
think they want to impose their legal
system in Hong Kong must keep their
semi-autonomous legal system there isn't
any other way this can go
so imagining that there are two
potential outcomes no no it really
aren't two potential outcomes
there is one potential outcome in the
long run big China gets what it wants
because Hong Kong remember I may have
some of my history wrong so I'm just
just spitballing here but originally
Great Britain owned Hong Kong and there
was I think a 99 year lease because even
Great Britain knew that although they
had a claim to Hong Kong they couldn't
hold it because it's right there in
China you know sort of China adjacent so
there was no way in the long in the long
run there was no way that the Great
Britain could keep it so they it's a
British protectorate somebody say that
might be the better way to to describe
it
in the long run Great Britain knew that
they couldn't keep control of something
that's literally sitting right in on
China's doorstep and claimed by China
just wasn't gonna happen and it's the
same situation now in the short run
China might say well you know we might
have to as the things are getting
violence and we might have to back off
for a little while but in the long run
China's gonna get everything they want
in Hong Kong the residents of Hong Kong
probably just need to get used to the
fact that the Chinese government will be
able to accuse them of crimes extradite
them to China proper and do anything
they want with them just like every
other citizen in China so I'm pretty
sure that that's the way Hong Kong is
gonna go if you see the opposite
happening if you see China saying all
right all right you people in Hong Kong
can have your autonomy we back down what
would that do to everybody else in China
River Chinese got a lot of different
groups and it's just this gigantic
sprawling place if they allow any part
of their Kingdom to successfully rebel
that's a problem because it makes
everybody else say hey Hong Kong look at
well god
so China doesn't have an option of
losing in the long run on Hong Kong so I
say that this I'm sorry for Hong Kong
but you are gonna become China I don't
see any other way that goes all right
Trump tweeted on this topic he says I
know President Xi of China very well he
is a great leader who very much has the
respect of his people so this is one of
the things that Trump does well so he
starts with respecting President Xi
which is probably the right play every
time so he starts with respect and then
he can get a little critical he is also
a good man in a tough business in quotes
so he's acknowledging that she has a
tough job running running a big
sprawling enterprise there and then
Trump says I have zero doubt that if
President Xi wants to quickly and
humanely solved the Hong Kong problem he
can do it
personal meeting so Trump seems to be
offering to be part of this process
now what Trump says I agree completely
he says he has no doubt that if
President Xi wanted to quickly and
humanely solve it he cried well of
course but do you know our President Xi
is unlikely to want to quickly and solve
it in a humane way he doesn't want that
what he wants far more than that is to
exert control over Hong Kong so sure
President Xi could solve this humanely
no doubt about that why would he I don't
think it's even good for him in fact if
I were an adviser I hate to say this but
if I were a personal advisor to
President Xi would I tell him to take a
president take a meeting with President
Trump and then changed my mind and solve
things in Hong Kong it's like the worst
idea ever because it would make she look
weak and it would set the precedent that
rebellion works it sometimes doesn't
want that so whatever is going to happen
in the long run
China will prevail Hong Kong because
what else could happen alright people
are talking about the stock market and
how that's going to affect to Trump's
reelection so everything you know gets
filtered through the 2020 election at
this point until then and so the big
question is if the stock market takes a
reversal will Trump lose his support and
especially if if the Democrats can blame
him for the the China part of it and and
therefore blame him for whatever minor
recession happens here's my guess I
think the market is going to be pretty
darn choppy and it makes you wonder what
the so-called you know elite masters of
the world are going to do because if you
are a Democrat money person wouldn't you
want all the Democrats sort of
collectively to sell their stocks right
now because if the smart Democrats got
out that was a pretty good play if the
money people who are democrats said all
right wait wait until about this far
before the election you don't want to be
you know too late you don't want to be
too soon and just sell the crap and in
the market because you'd be selling at a
high the market will go down because
people will follow you because it looks
like it's going down so the panic
selling will start and then no matter
who gets elected if Trump gets elected
the market will go back up if if the
alternative gets elected whoever it is
the market will go back up there are two
possibilities no matter who gets elected
in 2020 market is going to go up like so
that's my prediction
no matter who gets elected the markets
going up assuming that the selling was
political and I believe the selling was
political that is there there are enough
Democrats who hope for a recession that
they're going to make it happen because
you don't need everybody to agree
there's going to be a recession what
percentage do you need 20% of the
grunts would that be enough if 20% of
Democrats suddenly and coordinated Lee
even if they don't coordinate with each
other but just short of mentally they
all know it's time if 20% of Democrats
sold their stocks at a high number one
good play because I don't think we're
going to see the high that we recently
had for a while at least not until
election if they sold it for the high
and they're gonna wait to buy a back on
Election Day smart play very smart play
smart enough that I wish I had done it
if if I could have sold all of my stocks
a month ago or whenever it was at a nice
eye and not bought them back until you
know Election Day before we even know
what the result is I would have done
that I would have sold every stock and I
would have waited into Election Day
because I think Democrats are going to
artificially depress the market because
they want it to go down so badly and
things sort of go in the direction you
want them to go right yes if if you've
got tens of millions of Democrats who
are investors who are willing and
actually prefer a short-term pull back
in the market just so they can get their
political preference they're gonna act
in ways that make that happen and then
the panic sellers will follow them
because they'll say oh no it's a
depression sell sell sell now what you
should see if if it's political selling
here's what you should see you ready if
you see the market get killed between
now and 2020 and stay low at the same
time that profits are good and
unemployment is good you saw you saw a
political manipulation if the market
goes down and then for its own reasons
unemployment turns bad and profits
turned bad well they don't say okay the
market is anticipating the other change
in the market and that's just like
normal but if you see a disconnect
till you see your first stories of
saying wait a minute the markets down
but all the things that normally drive
markets are looking good now that yield
curve people are saying hey look at the
bond market that's signaling those
stocks are going to go down and the
economy's going down maybe maybe it is
but maybe that's just the indication
that people are getting out of stocks
for political purposes because if you're
moving your money out of stocks it's
gonna go into bonds and if it goes into
the right kind of bonds the price of the
bond you know is bid up which lowers the
yield which makes the yield curve invert
aren't you glad I have a degree in
economics to explain these things to you
so that the signal that you read about
that you don't really understand most of
you are not into economics and when you
read something in the news like hey the
yield curve if it is inverted that's a
sign that you know stocks will the
economy will go bad how many of you even
know what that means how many of you
watching this periscope knows what the
hell that means that there's a yield
curve and version nobody right you know
1% of you but what it means is people
move their money from stocks into bonds
and and because of supply and demand it
changes the nature of the bonds so when
you see the nature of the bonds price
and interest rates move in like that and
moving in a certain direction it
indicates bad things but all it really
indicates is people moved money in a
bonds that's all it indicated I'm sorry
move money out of stocks and into bonds
certain certain classes of bonds that
could be just political manipulation
maybe not coordinated perhaps it could
just be lots of people thinking in the
same way it's like yeah no you know
maybe it's risky that's another reason
to sell my stocks now but I'd certainly
like to see that stock market go down so
here's what I would do if I were a trump
supporter you might do what I did
I sold a lot of stocks last week I don't
wanna brag but I got out early
now I didn't sell my own portfolio but
there was a certain certain targeted
number of stocks that I wasn't crazy
about keeping anyway normally I would
have sold those holdings and moves them
into something you know probably just a
probably just a unmanaged fund but
instead I moved it into cash and I might
not put it in the stock market until
closer to the election so I'm gonna wait
to see if there's any way to tell
there's a bottom to this thing but I I
sold some serious stocks and I'm glad I
did all right
let me let me say again I said I haven't
said it yet this periscope I am NOT a
financial adviser do not take your
financial advice from me I can tell you
what I've done but absolutely you should
never ever ever ever ever take take
advice from cartoonists on Finance this
is not a finance recommendation all
right
did you see Steve King representative
Steve King got in trouble again
the latest thing he said there's some
weird quote taken out of context if
there hadn't been rape and incest there
wouldn't be many of us here and I'm
thinking well I think I understand the
context that there were a lot of those
things in the past I don't know what you
know the the clip is taken out of
context so you'd have to sort of guess
what he was talking about but I gotta
say talk about something that would be
hard to defend yeah I don't know how
he's gonna defend that one good luck on
that
if somebody says he's right like that
matters doesn't matter if he had a
mathematically accurate statement
probably not I'm
a point he was making but the fact that
he said it at all is it's pretty
shocking
all right what good is cash holding
loser thinking I didn't say I'm gonna
hold it in cash I did not say that I'm
holding cash all right somebody said
what is offensive about that statement
though well
nothing nothing there's nothing
offensive about it it just makes it look
like people shake their heads and say it
sounds like crazy talk
but I think that has to do with the fact
that was taken in a context if we saw it
in context I doubt it would say that
sound the same but the fact that he said
those words out loud he sort of walked
himself into a into a trap I also yeah
I'm not gonna tell you I was gonna say
something else but I wouldn't want you
to be influenced by it you should test
your persuasion and worldview by
predicting stock markets well predicting
stock markets is sort of a fool's game
except for the very big long-term moves
so I would take the Warren Buffett
approach which is long-term holding
holding US equities is a really good
deal but apparently even Warren Buffett
just sitting on a gigantic pile of cash
so I think he thinks businesses are too
expensive at the moment could the
Epstein guards have been drugged
somebody asks yes in the anything's
possible world but as I was explaining
yesterday you know my own experience as
a overnight security guard is that
falling asleep is the norm I probably
had at least a little bit of a nap every
single time I work that job and I would
be amazed if prison guards don't catch a
nap
when they're working overnight and
12-hour shifts
absolutely no stimulation and although
the inmates are just literally just
sleeping in their beds
I got a feeling that taking a nap under
those conditions is closer to normal
here's what here's what I don't expect
you'll ever learn you will not learn
that the two security guards who slept
during Epstein's death you will not
learn that it's the first time they ever
took a nap at work I don't know if
they'll ever admit how many naps they
took but it's probably closer to every
time than it is closer to rare that's
that's my guess is that it's more likely
they took at least a little bit of a nap
every night it was probably one of the
benefits of the job I guarantee that at
least some of those guards thought you
know this is the best job in the world I
can just take a nap falsify my timecard
and blah blah blah oh yeah so we've got
the story of the allegedly there's a
portrait of painting at Geoffrey
Epstein's one of his homes which one New
York or the island I forget in which
there was a door open and the painting
was spotted of allegedly Bill Clinton at
least this is what the grainy photograph
looks like Bill Clinton in a blue dress
and heels what's that all about now my
first guess if I had to if I had to
guess what's going on there
probably it was a gift and probably it
was a gift he didn't want that much
because it didn't look like it was
hanging on a wall right it looked like
it was just in a room propped up against
on the floor and the door was open and
somebody saw it so something tells me
that it was a gift and since he had
pretty weird friends you'd have to know
what the you'd have to know what the the
person who gave the gift was thinking to
have any opinion on it so who knows what
that means I don't know if it's a
the straights what Epstein was thinking
or if it just demonstrates what the
gift-giver was thinking and once he got
it it was like well what am I going to
do with this he can't throw it away yeah
I can't throw it away can't put it on
the wall what are we gonna do this maybe
it was just for a joke now somebody said
that the blue dress is actually the same
blue dress the Hillary Hillary wore for
something so it's actually Hillary's
dress it just happens to be blue and the
red shoes I don't know what the red
shoes mean others are saying it's
Lewinsky but it doesn't seem to be it
doesn't seem to be the same style
dressed as Lewinsky was wearing so do
your own math on them all right who
knows what that's all about I think
we'll learn more and more about all this
I think it's amazing that the assistant
to Epstein Maxwell I can't pronounce her
first name we don't know where she is
how hard would it be to hide in 2019 if
you were a modern person in the modern
world see it feels like it would be
impossible to hide for long because
there's got to be something that gives
you away I mean imagine if you will that
law enforcement gets gets let's say a
court approval to wiretap all of the
people that she's known to know and then
they just pick up every conversation
Guylaine yes that's her first name they
pick up every conversation of the people
who were even then the wide circle of
people she's likely to ever call and
then they put a vice recognition thing
on there and they just record all the
conversations the people she might
remotely want to contact ever and then
they just search for her voice and when
her voice pops up they tracked the call
boom somebody said she was found they
found her in New England I don't believe
so
there's there's reports of finding her
but there's no confirmation there I I
understood there was some home they
thought she was in but that's not been
determined no technology if you're
hiding yes it is entirely true that she
might simply be avoiding all technology
and she might not be speaking into any
kind of a phone etc but remember all
she'd have to do is walk past a digital
assistance you know I'm pretty sure the
government can turn on your phone and
listen to see if she's there
right can't can't the government and
activate my phone and listen to this
conversation right now if they want to
if they want to I think they can I don't
know if they use that kind of technology
for ordinary crime-solving but I think
they can somebody says there you could
have voice-altering technology yeah you
could do you think she has that I don't
know you could I just don't think she
has that all right we'll see if she can
run forever this will be a second part
of the story that's fun to watch but
that's all I got for today and I will
talk to you tomorrow