[Music]
hey
everybody Andrew come on in here gather
around it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams I'm Scott
Adams and this is
coffee some of you call it coffee but I
think you should fill your mug your cup
your glass your Stein your chalice your
thermos bring it to your lips and join
me for the simultaneous
zp ah good stuff let me adjust my
microphone
so are you watching the news so remember
uh for those of you who have been
following this uh vast experiment you
know that I've been making as much noise
as possible in public saying that the
the fine people quote the CNN keeps
reporting is fake news and that of
course the president was not referring
to Nazis as fine people but he said
there were fine people on both sides of
the statue controversy but CNN continues
to report it including this week that he
was saying that there were fine people
on both sides so now yesterday uh Joel
Pollock at
Breitbart tweeted and updated his
article calling him out for their their
fakeness he he also tweeted directly to
Brian stelter to say could you respond
to this this fake
news many of you sent my tweets to CNN
so there's one thing that we can say
with some
certainty CNN is
aware that there are dare I say because
I'm just going to say this because it it
has has to be said in the context of the
story CNN knows there are smart
people like me like all of you like
Joel who who are calling them out for
fake news on one of the most important
stories of the last two years and I
predicted that they would never
respond because they can't to respond
would be to either double down on
something that's just so clearly made up
that it's
unsupportable um they can't they can't
point me to a link they can't show me a
clip to show me I'm wrong because I'm
not wrong and what do they do so I
promise
you that there's a 100% chance that
they're talking about it at at least the
editorial
level so that's the fun part they have
to be talking about it and they have to
know that they're caught and that their
their hand is so far into the cookie jar
and probably the most important
Scandal maybe of our time I would argue
this might be the most important
Scandal of my
lifetime yeah I think it is actually I'm
trying you know I live through Watergate
I live through a lot of stuff but the
the Charlottesville fine people hoax
which is largely ripped apart the fabric
of this country because a lot of racial
tension has to do with just that one
piece of fake news if you took that away
nothing else would really be in its
class everything else would be well we
heard he did something the president did
something 30 years ago but we don't
really know the details and it was a
long time ago so you you would end up
having not enough
left so i' would say it's the biggest
Scandal of my lifetime and CNN won't
comment on it but they still write about
it amazingly there are two articles
today in which they write about it
without talking about it so now they're
now they're forced to write about it
without making the claim and so how do
they do it well let me tell you uh one
way they do it and I just tweeted this
but I want to read
it um so they're reporting about the
press conference yesterday and they go
through all of
who said what whoops that's not
it uh let's see if I can find it in my
feed oh it's in the last paragraph of a
story today that says Sarah Anders
deflects when asked about Trump calling
Democrats anti- Jewish so they put the
focus on Sarah Sanders answers about the
president saying that Democrats are
anti-jewish but at the end of the story
about that
they they sort of need to mention the
fine people hoax because they can't not
mention it right it's too prominently
part of that press conference so how do
they mention it without mentioning it
knowing now that it's fake news and if
they say it again they'll be you know
not doubling down but quadrupling down
or whatever however many times they've
gone down with this on the same thing so
here's how they cover it this is the
last paragraph
when when you've already given up
reading about it right so nothing goes
in the last paragraph unless they want
it in the last paragraph so here's an
editorial decision that they're going to
stick this in the last paragraph that's
not a accident that's intentional and it
means they're deemphasizing it because
the heat is on and here's how they talk
about it says and pressed by CNN's Jim
aosta on Trump's own claim of quote
verifying people on both sides in
response to white nationalist deadly
violence in Virginia in
2017 where some protesters chanted Jews
will not replace us Sanders insisted
he'd been very clear and consistent and
repeatedly condemned hatred bigotry
racism on all in all its
forms Now that statement of what Sanders
said is accurate and they
describe probably the biggest screw up
in in um presidential spokesperson
history right I've talked about this
before the fact that she didn't directly
addressed the LIE the fine people part
and instead just made a generic comment
about the president's goodness
essentially confirms the fake
news without confirming it in other
words she's not confirming it or
anything like that but the way she
answered it is accidentally
looks like a confirmation of the worst
possible fake news could it couldn't be
a worst response it's the worst response
you could possibly have you should fake
your own death before you give this
response
it it was
horrible now I'm
partly um worked up about this because
this sort of
response puts me in physical danger and
many of you too because let me give you
an example yesterday I'm at the gym I'm
in the wait room and a Gentleman I'd met
some time ago um in a different context
comes over and he reintroduces himself
and he says loudly in in the gym
surrounded by other people so how's that
Trump support coming
along in public in a place where I need
to go to be
comfortable do you think I was still
comfortable after he shouted that I was
a trump supporter in a public place and
my own
gym
nope I told him to be quiet that was my
response no answer I just told him to
stop talking about it now I think he was
just being
friendly but it was I felt endangered
and I felt that I lost my most
comfortable place that's not my own home
which is the gym I've been going to for
30 years and I actually considered
quitting the gym right then I almost
turned and walked to the the front
office and quit the gym because of that
one guy ruining my my nice place to go
so
um so that happened so when I see when I
see the fine people hoax being
propagated or in this case not being
shot down when when Sarah Sanders had a
chance it puts me at risk this is
personal it's not just me watching the
news I'm not a spectator I I'm in the
news you know if you're a little bit
connected to the administration as a you
know as a as a pundit you're part of the
news whether you like it or not ask ask
talk Carlson about being part of the
news so um so that was the the first
thing now here's
the there's another story in the New
York Times the title is the New York
Times uh this is in other words it's the
story um about the New York Times or
from the new New York Times I can't tell
but it says book claims aanka Trump so
there's some new book tell all book
surprise and it says it claims that
aanka Trump told Cohen her father wasn't
racist following
Charlesville so once again they found a
way to put this in the headlines because
there's some another tell all book
that's full of lies obviously
so how do they deal with
it
well
um it
says um I got to find the exact quote
because it really makes a difference
um so the book The Times
reported said that in his meeting with
ianka Trump so this is Gary con so when
Gary con had had a meeting with ianka
Trump he was quote shocked in quotes by
her reaction to his concerns and that
she told him of her father's comments
that's not what he
said so they're
reporting that the fine people thing is
not what he actually said but you know
how they've they've couched it so you
can't really tell what she's denying and
they don't put it in context
because if they did if they did put what
she said in context they couldn't report
it it couldn't be on CNN because it
would refute everything they've reported
for two years so if ianka presumably
said no he wasn't talking about them
being the fine people just look at what
he said what you think he said he didn't
say just look at it again probably she
said something like that because that's
what you and I say that's what we're
saying just look at the quote it's
obvious he didn't say what you're
reporting you said you can just look at
it yourself there's no ambiguity on it
at
all so the way CNN has treated it is
Once by reporting the question from
aosta so they don't have to report its
fact again they can just report that he
asked the question and then sort of
couch it that way and then the second
one they just take all the context away
and put this generic statement that
ianka said that's not what he said
that's not what he said about what
exactly
no
context but you know we know what she
meant so um you know Brian stelter is
the CNN um you'd say host personality
what whatever they call on air
personality who talks most about the
media itself so a story about the media
even if CNN is the story would be a
Brian stealth to repeat so Joel poock
tweeted at him yesterday and asked him
to explain the situation explain the
fine people hoax and why it keeps being
reported as if it's
fact and do you think you'll get a
response not a
chance and if they do respond do you
think it'll be an honest response or you
think they'll just leave stuff out to
try to get back to their original
position I'll tell you what won't happen
they won't mention me because if they do
it's going to drive traffic toward the
truth and they won't mention Joel
Pollock because if they do it will drive
traffic toward the truth and they can't
have that right now here's another bit
of fake news do you remember the
headline that said that President Trump
called Tim Cook Tim apple and it was
reported like he
misspoke and I saw that headline and I
said oh big deal he probably did
misspeak you know it would be easy to do
because he's thinking of Apple he's
talking in public he's talking about Tim
that'd be an easy mistake to make right
so when I saw the headline I thought oh
he probably did he probably did confuse
those words completely ordinary and then
I saw the actual clip and it didn't even
happen it didn't freaking happen when
you see it in
context you can tell it's just the way
he talks so he's saying talking about
him he goes uh you know Tim
Apple so because he talked about Tim
Cook in the prior sentence without
framing it for the public to say that
Tim Cook is the head of Apple so he had
now talked about Tim Cook a little bit
without telling the public who was
listen listening that he was
representing apple and maybe the whole
the whole world doesn't necessarily know
who Tim Cook is so he says you know and
Tim
Apple that's all it was complete fake
news which you can see right in front of
you you can actually look at it yourself
and you say I don't have to interpret
that that's obviously fake news when you
see that it's just it's mind
blowing
um here's the let's talk we have to talk
about Tucker right excuse
me have to talk about Tucker Carlson so
um I saw a tweet by Britt Hume which
made me laugh because he just tweeted
out the prime time cable news uh
ratings you for all the The Prime Time
Shows MSNBC CNN and Fox News and the
number one show on all three networks
for all of prime time is Tucker Carlson
all right so you know as Britt said in
his uh his tweet you know something like
success is is the best uh is the best
response and then here's the best part
instead of
apologizing Tucker tells people to watch
his
show my guess is that his show last
night was probably the most watched
Tucker Carlson show of all
time and you know wouldn't you assume
wouldn't you think that Tucker Carlson
show last night was the most watched
cable news show of the of the week and
probably His Highest ratings that he's
ever gotten and you know what his
ratings will be tonight probably just
about as I it's going to be good now uh
when I read that he had said these
terrible things on Bubba the love
sponges shock jock radio show I said to
myself my God what kinds of horrible
things has Tucker Carlson said on these
shows I must go watch now so I you know
fire up the the audio and I I read the
transcripts and look looking for all the
bad stuff I'm like H okay that's a
little bit bad not that bad oh this is
close to the line well not over the line
well this makes me feel
uncomfortable but it's true so I'm
listening to all this stuff and I'm
thinking yeah he did go about as close
to the line as you can get but when he
did he was either saying something that
was true or it was a valid opinion maybe
it was opinion you're not supposed to
say but he was saying it on a shock jock
context which was
fine so if you take everything he said
there to be absolutely serious and you
imagined it happened in a different
context well my God how bad that would
be but he wasn't completely serious it
was literally in a comedy shock jock
context and none of it was over the line
it was in a humorous way he went right
up to the discomfort line which is what
made it interesting all right he was in
he was doing the job of being
interesting in public and one of the
ways he did it among others was he would
walk up to that that line where you're
not supposed to cross and he would just
tease crossing the line essentially now
if you were less smart than Tucker
Carlson you would probably accidentally
cross that line line but if you're as
smart as he is and as good as he is at
this stuff you don't and he didn't so uh
I I find I found myself I thought I was
going to be in the position of uh you
know wanting to be on his side just
because I like him um and then it would
be hard because maybe he said something
that was so bad that I just couldn't go
there and then I saw what he actually
said and I thought are you
kidding me this is it this is what
they're complaining about in that
context if he said it at you know
somebody's wedding I'd be concerned but
if he says it in the context of the
people who say bad things context let's
put it this way here's my summary my
summary of the entire Tucker car Carlson
controversy Tucker said inappropriate
things on a show where you say
inappropriate things
that was it he said inappropriate things
on a show dedicated to saying
inappropriate
things that's about as nothing as you
can get so they're still after him it
does uh this whole episode
does lay be what's going on they were
looking for a scalp and they were trying
to take him out of his job largely for
disagreeing with them effectively
had he not been effective I don't think
they'd
care but because he's effective he's the
number one uh
ratings
drawer uh on cable news prime
time they they have a Target on his back
and they're out out to get
him uh and what I loved about it is that
he decided to not um to not
apologize uh I didn't think any apology
was necessary in fact I would think an
apology would be a mistake in this
particular case you know I think if it
had been
me had it been me I probably would have
offered something like an apology I'm
happier that he didn't by the way so
this is not a critici criticism I love
the way he handled it like he handled it
A+ by not apologizing and simply
explaining the whole thing and making a
point about it Etc but I probably would
have said um well it was said in a
certain context when it's moved into a
different context it's offensive I
certainly uh didn't expect that to
happen and I'm sorry if anybody was
offended when when bad people moved it
to the wrong
context but I would not apologize for
saying inappropriate things on a show
where you say inappropriate things for
entertainment that I wouldn't do that
all right um did you see the story about
the fake
Melania the the story of I guess it was
when the president was uh visiting the
was it the tornado disaster scene and
you see him him standing there holding
hands with Melania and then there was a
conspiracy theory uh on the internet
where people would compare the pictures
of that Melania to the one we know is
Melania and they they said this is not
even the same person and somebody you
know on Twitter uh I I saw the pictures
and it's a really interesting
situation um I don't know the truth of
it so I'll start by saying I don't know
really if that was actually Melania or
not I will tell you that the picture I
saw definitely wasn't
Melania but I don't know was it
photoshopped you was it really taken the
same day um all I can say for sure is
that the pictures that were shown to me
of the fake Melania and the real one
didn't didn't have the same chin and you
can't really fake that right it was
clearly not the same person um now the
question would be why now you know the
The Conspiracy Theory version of that
the why would be um that you know
they're having a fight and she couldn't
come but they wanted to make it look
good so they put in a substitute well
you know maybe uh anything's
possible but here's seems it seems to me
the more likely uh explanation did it
not seem to you that the president
seemed to be wearing a bulletproof vest
you he had a he had a windbreaker on and
I thought I could see some structure
underneath the windbreaker in other
words it looked like he was wearing a
bulletproof vest in public I don't know
how often he does that you know that has
to be something that happens once in a
while and I imagine it happens just a
guess I imagine it happens when he's in
a a place where the secret um secret
service can't can't control it as well
as they'd want in other words there
might be somebody who could squeeze a
shot off from the woods or something so
it's entirely possible that the risk was
higher than Milani wanted to take or
here's here's the you know the best spin
on it uh it could have been a higher
risk than the president wanted to take
so it's possible that that they said to
the president look we can't secure this
site you know the nature of it is
there's going to be a hill or whatever
we can't secure it all and so I we can't
tell you this will be safe so you could
imagine the president saying I'm going
anyway but Milani is not you know at the
last minute what are we going to do well
you you substitute in the Secret Service
person take some photos and see if you
can get away with
it so anyway the um if I had to rank the
possibilities I would say possibility
number one is that the photos were
illegitimate either either for some
photographic reason they took a picture
that was the only picture in the world
that didn't look like Melania that's
possible you've seen pictures of people
that just don't look like the people
haven't you seen pictures of yourself
that doesn't even look like you I mean
that's a that's a thing so the most
likely explanation is that the photo
that was the fake looking
Melania that wasn't really from the
event or there's something weird about
the photo that made just a few of them
look unreal or something so there could
be just normal explanations the second
most likely explanation is it was a
security issue and so the president took
the risk that's his job having his wife
take the risk was too much risk so he
just didn't do it um so I think those
are your two top possibilities all right
um
anyway so I'm going to be talking more
about the fine people hoax today if
you've watched the Twitter responses
they're really interesting because there
are a lot of spunky people feisty I
might say borrowing a line from Saturday
Night Live which was pretty funny um no
feisty was from a a viral uh video that
I tweeted around in which uh I and some
other characters
like um like
uh never mind I got bored with my own
story so I trailed
off I talked about Candace versus hawk I
understand the Prager is being metered
or um they've got a problem on Facebook
is it Facebook has a problem with the
Candace owens's interview of of
Hawk um anyway so a lot of people are
coming into Twitter and saying what do
you mean it's a hoax he said those words
and then I'm watching the people who
have who are up to date on the real
story they're they're pasting in the
exact text so a number of people have
cut in P you know they they've copied
the exact text of the president talking
about chville and they put it in there
or they they include the actual uh trans
not the transcript but the video uh even
um diamond and silk were were tweeting
around the actual video
today so the number of people who have
been
weaponized to respond to the
trolls it's a lot more right wouldn't
you say oh it's YouTube YouTube
censorship on the Candace Owen show it's
not Facebook so I I correct
myself um on
that oh it's Warren who had a problem
with Facebook well just the fact that we
keep talking about this uh about you
know one platform or another having a
problem with people by the way I remind
you that my company's app interfaced by
whenhub has a donation button now so if
you want to have a
platform for raising money for your
Creations your art you have another
option if you don't like how patreon is
treating conservatives or other people
um please try interface by whenhub and
if enough people use it it will stay
around and be good for the world um
somebody says they love the app thank
you um
all
right did you see the SUV trying to
drive into the barrier trying to hit pus
mocade head on I didn't see
that although I have to admit as much as
I would not want to see an attack on
this or any other president I would love
to see somebody try to attack the Beast
you know the president's uh armored car
I love love to see what would happen if
somebody tried to Ram that with a
regular
car it was just an accident on the other
side of the road that makes more
sense oh you just read wind bigley thank
you
um I was just an ordinary accident they
were distracted by the motor cave that
makes a lot more
sense I did watch Candace and Hawk and I
did already do a periscope on
that thanks if you haven't read wind
bigley yet my book you really should oh
so let's talk about Andrew Yang so I'm
watching Andrew Yang uh he continues to
pick
up um
support and he's getting some momentum
because he keeps saying interesting
things
so uh I would say keep an eye on him he
just keeps saying interesting things and
the news is starting to or social media
anyways at least starting to move his
way and he's he's got some fundraising
going on now and I think things are
starting to pick up for him um I will
give you a drum lesson maybe today I was
going to do it yesterday but there was
some noise happening so I
couldn't all right um I think I'm done
for now and I'm going to talk to you
later bye for now