showing you once again that some live
streamers don't take days off
no
sometimes you just have to power through
it and just make sure my comments are
working
here yes they
are and that means an incredible show is
ahead of you
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization probably the best day
you'll ever have in your life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper muger glass
a tanker CH Stein a canteen Jugger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid ey like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
dopamine end of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now oh
perfect yeah it's just
perfect well good news researchers from
China and Brazil have finally given us
the invention we need it's a robot dog
that can search for fire
ants so if you have a big problem with
fire
ants you've got a robot dog Solution
that's coming that can recognize fire
ants and do what with them I don't know
just spot them I guess so you can go
kill them now what I want is a robo dog
that can pick
weeds and also pick vegetables and stuff
from a
garden so what I want to have is uh on
the side of my house want to have a
little uh little hot house you know
Greenhouse kind of thing and I want to
have two or three little robots that
have access to everything that can climb
up and pick stuff and get rid of weeds
and water things and check for problems
and it'd be smarter than I am right if I
looked at the leaf and it was dying I
wouldn't know why but AI would know why
and then it could go fix it so in theory
I could have my own little mini garden
with a little mini Gardener and every
day I'd just go in there and there'd be
a basket of whatever the latest Harvest
was and then I give it to my robot chef
and my robot Chef would cook it up for
me and I would just have the best food
from
robots that's the future well meanwhile
uh at the
MIT according to Adam zi he has an
article on that that MIT has developed
some noise cancelling
silk so it's a sort of a fabric material
that has two different elements to it at
least two there are two different
aspects to it both of them will reduce
sound and I'm thinking to myself if you
could make a piece of silk that people
could stick in their ears and not hear
their partner
snoring now you've got something I don't
know if that's ever going to happen but
if this silk
can cancel
noise um it sure seems like you could
make some mirror plugs out of it and
that would change
everything do you know the one of the
biggest secrets in America and I'm
guessing it's the same in other
countries is the number of married
people who can't sleep in the same room
it just isn't possible because one of
them snores you really can't sleep with
a
snorer I learned that the hard way by
being the snorer yeah nobody wants to
sleep with a
snore anyway here's a funny story
according to uh the Atlantic Daniel
engber is writing that um there's this
business school scandal that just keeps
getting bigger and the Scandal is
professors at the business school uh
writing academic papers that are
fraudulent let's see uh what what
terrible business school has that I mean
I'd sure hate to have a degree can you
imagine can you imagine having a degree
for one of these gray business schools
that you find out the professors are all
a bunch of
uh see what business school was it it
was uh it was oh was the UC B uh oh the
UC Berkeley H School of
Business okay that's where I have my MBA
but the jokes on them because also I
disown them um for being racist already
so I don't have to disown them for also
being having professors who
are who are big
Liars I I I already disavowed them for
being
racist oh poor hos business
school anyway there was one professor in
particular who's uh just racking up the
fake the fake studies and got
caught uh according to the New York
Post um G gun ownership has soared among
Republican
women uh but it's declined among
Democrat
men so so there are fewer Democrat men
with guns and there are more Republican
women with guns than there were
recently I by surprised by that I I
actually thought everybody would have
more guns but apparently the the men
have decided they don't need them but
the Republican women are
strapped so since 2019 33% of GOP ladies
have been packing heat is that
true is that true that onethird of
Republican women uh are gun
owners that's way more than I thought I
would guess
10% it's pretty impressive that's up
from
22% uh you know a few years earlier than
that pretty
impressive meanwhile in cost the
creepiest of all scientific
studies are you ready for the creepiest
of all scientific studies I I almost
wasn't even going to talk about it but I
I I think I can do it without going to
jail
uh so there was a
study Eric Dolan is writing about this
in cost so as a study published in
complimentary therapies and clinical
practices which of course you all read
that uh children who have
ADHD uh can be benefited by
massage so they made sure they had very
professional this is key professional
massage therapists and it didn't say so
in the study but I'm going to like to
think that they were closely monitored
by
observers because I hate to think that
they were putting a bunch of children
behind a closed door with a massage
therapist I hope that didn't happen but
assuming that they were properly
supervised and there was nothing Inky
about the experiment itself what they
believe they found is that the kids who
got regular massage therapy slept better
and concentrated and did better in
school now do you know who would have
guessed that without a
study I would do you know why I think
this
worked
because here here's just a
speculation I feel like there's
something about ADHD that we don't fully
understand well I guess that's an
understatement I think everybody would
agree with that but
if you're
distracted and maybe I'm just speaking
for
myself it's because there's something
you're looking for that you need that
you don't
have now that's my take that's this is
not agreeing with any scientists or
anything I I have no idea what the
scientists say but my take whenever I'm
distracted is not so much that there's
just too much in my head it's that I'm
aware that there's something I need that
I don't have and I'm looking for it but
I don't know what it is so I don't know
if I have it yet so I'm just sort of
looking all the time but what I've
discovered is and I told you this before
that if I get like a good exercise and
it it fulfills my I don't know my body's
chemical needs then my brain is fine
then my brain calms down so are you
surprised that a massage which would
have similar benefits to getting some
good exercise would also calm the brain
it should
but I would also add this second thing
in my own
experience that when I've got a good
dose of oxytocin which you can only get
from physical contact with other humans
that I don't need much
else so if you give me oxytocin I'm not
immediately thinking about working
harder or exercising or solving a
problem I actually have everything I
want I just sit there thinking oh it's a
good day I've got everything I want
glass of water it's all I need so what
I'm wondering is did the massage therapy
give the youngsters some oxytocin that
feel good I've got everything I need
chem chemistry and that's all it was so
that's my hypothesis is that it wasn't
the physical
manipulation uh or the relaxing although
that should have helped because it
pretty much helps with with everything
so if it didn't help I'd be surprised
but maybe the bigger thing is that
people don't have enough
oxytocin so here's what I would study to
find out I take a bunch of kids who have
ADHD and then I would ask them questions
like when was the last time you got
hugged huh cuz I'll bet you'll find that
the kids with ADHD probably get hugged
less and they they had less oxytocin
just a gas it's speculation pure
speculation all right I see a weird meme
going by with oh Dilbert and a Tesla
okay anyway
um uh there's a topic I don't know if I
want to talk
about but I might
yeah I'm going to just going to go for
it so I wasn't going to talk about this
but I will so somebody that I don't know
who is uh says they fans of Dill bird
and fans of mine have created a
crypto uh that I guess is called a
Dilbert and they've asked me to promote
it I'm not doing that I'm asking them to
take it down and dismantle it if there's
any way to do that I don't know if you
can reverse it here's why well on one
hand I take it as a great compliment
that somebody wanted to you know boost
dilbur somehow and boost me and their
fans you can't create a sketchy
Financial product and Associate it with
my name and my brand and then push me to
to boost
it do you understand that you put me at
great financial and other risk because
if other people see the Dilbert name on
it they're going to say well that's
probably endorsed by Scott and therefore
it's probably safe he probably looked
into it I did not look into it and I
have no idea that it is safe and I'm not
even sure who's behind it so uh so no I
do not endorse it and I need it to be
taken down and dismantled immediately
because I don't want to be in a position
where my reputation in my brand is
writing on the good work and honesty of
people I've never met in in the in the
sketchiest of all Realms the you know
the shitcoin crypto area so if you would
please stop spamming my uh all of my
comments on X and on my live streams
trying to get people to buy this token I
I will advise everybody who's listening
do not buy this token and if you did I'm
sorry but I had nothing to do with it
and it would be a huge mistake to be
involved with it in any way now if it
turned out that it's completely unthe
legit and somebody was just just doing
me a favor it doesn't change my
response because you don't get to decide
what I'm associated with right it's not
your decision that I'm associated with
this financial product my decision is
I'm going to sue the out of you if
you don't take it down because I I can't
I can't abide with that being up right
so you need to dismantle it and if if
you're just fans then no hard feelings
if you didn't know I will I will accept
I will accept a I didn't know that was
going to be a problem that would be
perfectly acceptable I just can't have
it exist so you need to get rid of it
got
that all right so I didn't even want to
talk about it but um stay away from that
thing all right
um pursue here's a study from Gilmore
Health
news pursuing happiness as a goal often
fails to make people happier here's why
I think that makes
sense the reason you can't pursue
happiness
is it's not a thing you can't pursue
happiness you could pursue a wild animal
you could pursue a ball that's rolling
down a hill you could pursue a car you
could pursue a dog because those are all
real but happiness you can't pursue you
could end up
happy but you can't pursue
happiness there are two things you can
pursue that'll get there you can pursue
meaning meaning so you're doing
something that's helpful to other people
usually it's usually being useful you're
either having children and you're doing
a good job of being a parent or you're
doing a job that's important to the
world or you inventing something or you
doing what Elon Musk is doing trying to
save the world from debt and or at least
the country and those could give you
meaning but if the only thing you did
were hard work
it wouldn't make you very happy either
because you'd just be burned out and
wouldn't be much left of you
so here's the Scott formula for
happiness you can't chase it don't chase
it but you can let it happen by doing
other things that are right so I would
say you want to spend about 80% of your
time chasing meaning now that could
include the time it takes you to tie
your shoes and put your clothes on and
shave in the morning or put your hair
together because that's all important to
getting anything done but the 80% should
be making sure that it's directed at
some kind of useful something now if
you're
young um you don't have as many
opportunities so I would say if you're
if you're on a dating app and you're
trying to date and you know your your
ambition is to someday have a family
that's great then dating dating is
exactly what you should be doing even if
it doesn't look like this specific data
is working out you're chasing meaning
that's still
good if you're chasing meaning 80% of
the time and then 20% of the time you're
chasing
pleasure you're going to be
fine if you chased pleasure 80% of the
time you're going to be Dan B Bilzerian
and eventually say you know what turns
out that sleeping with five women A Day
Made Me a lot of pleasure but not a lot
of Happiness so he's trying to figure
out the happiness part now so 8020 is
your is your best Target
80% trying to either be part of creating
more people you know which is good for
the world or doing something something
useful and 20% Pure Pleasure now if you
don't get your 20% pure pleasure you
won't you just will fall apart we just
require some pleasure every day if you
get too much you won't be happy if you
get too little you won't be happy happy
8020 is a good mix adjust
accordingly well apparently according
Mario n is reporting on this there's a
some according to Science Daily there
are ancient hot springs on Mars that
reveal that the planet might have been
once
habitable wouldn't it be cool to find
out that there was a whole civilization
on
Mars and that they built the
pyramids here's my here's my hypothesis
on the pyramids you ready for
this um everything about the pyramids is
just recreational belief I don't know
what happened I don't know why it seemed
like all these ancient civilizations
could build these giant structures and
others couldn't but here's one
possibility that the aliens from Mars or
somewhere else who were very Advanced um
got stranded on Earth so they didn't
have the technology to get off of Earth
and get home but they thought that
someday they'd like to be found so they
used the technology they had to build
the pyramids because the pyramids are
the uh the proof that high intelligence
existed on earth a long time ago and you
could see are from a very long distance
so if they wanted to say well if
somebody can find me someday I will
arrange these pyramids in the shape of
the star system I came from and then if
somebody looks and go say hey wait
there's three artificial things oh hold
on they're in the shape of the star
system from us there's no way these must
be our people let's go get them so it
could be that this that the pyramids are
a uh a help
signal you know just just something that
can be seen from a very far distance
from a very Advanced civilization to say
whoa we better go pick those guys up of
course they're long dead so it's too
late just speculation
all right uh here's something I liked
hearing from VI
ramaswami um he's saying that healthc
care is a critical Frontier for Doge the
department of government efficiency and
he met with some of the other incoming
appointees from in the Trump
Administration he says they're serious
about reducing cost and here's the
important part he said they understand
Innovation is a key part of the
solution Innovation is a key part of the
solution
that's what I want to hear because if
you tell me you're just going to cut my
costs I don't want to hear that because
you probably can't do it if you tell me
you can restructure it re-engineer it
you know rethink it in a way that you
could almost you know make your
assumptions from from scratch and build
it up and that you could do it at a far
lower cost I think you
could I'll bet you could you know I
spend a lot of time just way too much
time thinking about ways you could lower
health care
costs and it turns out that the hard
part is that 90% of the healthare costs
come in your your last year of
life
and if you don't fix that you can't
really fix health care costs and I don't
know if anybody has any great idea for
that except for you know doctor
assistant suicide and I don't think
we're going to go big for that so I
don't have any ideas but I hope somebody
does um here's a question question in
the publication in Red State Ward Clark
is writing about how there are these
Soros back
Charities that are really working hard
to help illegal immigrants get into the
United
States and here's my
question how could it be that there are
public
entities that are backed by Soros that
are not hiding you know there's no
secret about it that are aiding and
beding illegal acts in the United States
specifically illegal entry um as a
non-citizen
now my first question is is there not
some
normal mechanism by which this could be
shut down how is it not illegal to Aid
in the bed in a
crime is there some kind of crime you
can help somebody do and you're not in
trouble does does operating from another
soil make you safe if you're doing it
from another country is that enough to
not be illegal and and if it's
legal why why is our CIA not having them
assassinated because isn't that what we
pay them to
do if there was some entity that was not
in the United States or even if they
were and they were trying to do
something that was terribly damaging to
the United States and we couldn't do
anything
legally wouldn't we be sell sending our
worst people off to kill those people
because that's how you protect the
United States I mean if you look at all
the horrible things the United States
has done under the umbrella of
self-defense this would be the smallest
thing we've ever done to stop people
from sending criminals into our country
criminals in the sense that you know
they're not going through the legal
system I'm not I'm not trying to say
anything bad about the immigrants the
immigrants I completely understand uh
and I'll say this I guess I'll say this
as plainly as I can if I were in their
position I would try to get into the
United States
illegally so in that same position I
would break the law I wouldn't feel I
wouldn't feel
any I wouldn't feel any guilt about it
because I'm just trying to make things
better for myself and my family so yeah
but it's still legal doesn't mean we can
be for
it Scott this just makes you sound
uninformed well you you
could use some of those letters to say
what it was I was missing or you could
just be one of those dicks who just say
you sound uninformed which helps
nobody so while you're being useless and
rude
and
disruptive great job there so you know
that 80% of the time where you're trying
working toward meaning you're not in the
80% you're not being useful so how about
we stop ever saying oh there's something
you need to be educated about if only
you were as smart as me different words
would be coming out of your
mouth no how about you shut the up
unless you have something useful to
say is that okay now I'm completely open
to what it is that I don't know and I
think you've watched the show enough to
watch me change on the fly when a
comment comes in and says oh you forgot
this or you you're not looking at this
so do some of that and I'll I'll
actually be happy for it but this you're
so you're making yourself look ignorant
I just figure you're a idiot
that's the only that's the only
impression I get when I see that comment
it doesn't matter who it's coming from
from
anybody somebody here is saying that
this is because I didn't get enough
sleep last night you're so
right you're so right I was telling the
locals people I didn't get enough sleep
last
night that's mostly what this is
about but it's still it's still bad
form just just don't do
it anyway so I think there should be
some way to stop the uh illegal thing
now if what you're going to say is Scott
Scott you don't understand that the CIA
and the government wants them to come in
was that what you were waiting for did
you think I didn't know that the
government wants them to come in you oh
you're probably just waiting for the
second issue to drop no I know that
there's way more than this of course I
know that it must be your first day
here anyway um have you seen the video I
don't know how old it is I feel like it
maybe has been around a while but um one
of the hosts of The View Sunny
H um was on that show where you find out
who your relatives were your DNA gets
checked and then they check your
background and she found out that she
was completely wrong about her own
background she thought she was Puerto
Rican or half Puerto Rican but turns out
that might have been a Spanish part of
the family from Spain and there were
slave
owners that's right Sunny Hosten of the
view comes from a family of slave
owners and watching her learn that she's
from a family of slave
owners was something I had to watch 20
times in a row I just kept playing it
and replaying it because there was a
part where she tried to laugh about
it but but the smile and the laugh was
so fake that it was just the hilariously
uncomfortable you have to see it
it's in my X feed if you're looking for
it
um so that was
fun but uh even more fun than that uh
apparently so they're now that I think
there now have been three separate times
in the last week I'll take a fact check
on this three separate times in the last
week when um when the view had to read a
legal a legal disclaimer
so apparently they had to do
it four times in in yet in Friday's
episode is that true Did did she have to
stop four times and
read uh a legal
clarification I think she did it it's
telling me that the lawyers for the uh
the view just hate the hosts because the
lawyers are probably trying to figure
out how can we stop them saying things
that are clearly going to get us in
trouble
and the host can't stop
lying because their entire show is built
around lying about what people did
basically it's a show about lying about
Republicans basically so if they can't
lie about Republicans they don't have
content because that's all they have so
the lawyers like you can't just lie
about their legal
situation you maybe you could lie about
reading their minds but you can't lie
about whether they were convicted Ed of
a
crime you can't lie about that
so uh so it looks like the the legal the
legal staff is trying to put the view on
a business like actually literally it
looks like they're trying to force some
am of business which might be what's
happening
um The New York Times has a article by
Samuel Moon who's a lawyer now what's
interesting is that this article is in
the New York Times And as others have
pointed out it seems like they're
admitting that the lawfare against Trump
was not based on the law but was lawfare
so here's a sentence in the New York
Times by Samuel Moon a lawyer he said it
wasn't bad luck they did not put Trump
in jail well I'm paraphrasing that part
he said quote the more uncomfortable
truth is that our search for political
salvation primarily through the law has
backfired
let me read that again the more
uncomfortable truth is that our search
for political salvation primarily
through the law has
backfired is that admitting that they
were using laware because they didn't
have another way to stop Trump that's
how I read it and others are reading it
the same way and so I I appreciate that
I I appreciate
the the complete sincerity of that H now
Mike Davis um you might know him as a
republican with some legal background um
he says even the liberal New York Times
is admitting the Democrats rant lawfare
and election interference against
President Trump because I guess it would
be election interference wouldn't it and
he says uh now the uh Trump justice
department should open a criminal probe
under and he gives the the law and
apparently there's some law that would
be a conspiracy against
rights a conspiracy against
rights that sounds exactly like the
right law doesn't it does it seem like
there was a
conspiracy of various elements in the
government to prevent Trump from having
the right to certain first of all be a
free free Citizen and second of all to
run for
office I mean without being a lawyer if
you tell me that there is a law that
says you can't have a conspiracy to deny
somebody their rights guaranteed under
the Constitution the first thing I'd say
is okay that seems like that should be a
law shouldn't
it I mean it should be a law so if it is
a
law how could you possibly imagine it
doesn't apply
here it would clearly apply and here's
here's a Democrat lawyer who's saying
well looks like the lawfare didn't work
I feel like what happens after that has
to be criminal
indictments because if everybody can see
it as plainly as we can you you got to
at least dig around there and see if
there's a case I think there might
be but
again I don't want to see any law fair
and revenge it better be a better be a
good case because we don't want to
lawfare the law farers I know some of
you want to but I don't think that's a
good place to
go
um apparently uh there's a study that
says 86% of us Asylum Seekers are not
legitimate so I guess the federal
government did a review of that now does
that surprise you I thought it was
higher actually I would have guessed 90
to
95% but um it's interesting that that we
know about it and we just still keep
this program Open The Way It Is
it's I mean I think this gets back to
that that earlier
comment that it's super obvious that the
government wants to just let in as many
people as they can like to imagine that
this is a
mistake that would be imagining a lot
it's not a mistake they're using a
technical Le loophole to open the Border
that's all that
is um did you know that uh California is
still counting the
votes for 18 days we're still counting
the votes and believe it or not uh Nancy
Pelosi's daughter is involved in that
and it's called curing ballots now I
think that what what that means is if
you have a ballot that looks like it
filled out wrong or something's missing
you have the option of calling the
person and saying you know did you mean
this is this a real vote Etc and then
you can count it if you can confirm it's
a real person with a real vote so
they've been doing that for 18 days and
it looks like they might flip two seats
in Congress from red to blue because of
18 days of curing the
votes you're going to feel comfortable
with
that 18 days of curing the
votes
yeah I see there's some kind of a fight
going on on the comments here let's see
what that that's all
about I just want to take a look at what
the what all the fightings
about all right I can't
see never
mind well um Elon Musk is having a great
time on X he seems quite addicted to it
which he's admitted today and he asked
this question he said how how old were
you when you realized others couldn't
see the
Matrix so I'll ask that question to you
how old were you when you realize others
couldn't see the
Matrix now the way the way I interpret
that is that others how old were you
when you realize that basically
everything's a
lie uh I went with
11 have I ever told you my story at age
11 I've written this in my book so some
of you have seen you've heard this now I
will start I'll start by saying that I'm
pro-
religion now I think you've heard me say
that before I'm very Pro religion I
think
Christianity and not not to pick a
favorite but just to pick one as an
example um Christianity and others
Judaism Etc they they have a a lot of um
benefits for the people who practice it
Islam if it's the you know if it's not
if it's not related to any terrorists or
anything if you just practicing it
happily and minding your own business
probably great so I'm very pro- religion
I just don't have one because I don't
think you can make yourself a
Believer I I just don't have an ability
to enter that space so when I was 11
years old and um my parents would send
us to uh Sunday school it was called it
was a Methodist church and we would go
there and we'd learn all our little
Sunday lessons and one day when I was
about 11 the lesson was about um uh
Jonah being uh swallowed by a whale or a
giant fish I guess and he lived in the
whale's stomach for a while but he
prayed and and God saved him and the
whale spit him up and he was none the
worse for being in the whale or the big
fish's stomach and uh I remember I
called a with my
mother cuz that's when I realized I was
in The
Matrix and I said um
Mom now I'm paraphrasing because
obviously I don't remember my exact
words at 11 but it was something like um
today I learned that a giant fish ate a
guy and uh apparently the stomach acids
of the
fish weren't operating and this
particular guy got out cuz he prayed to
God and um and then I said
Mom are you aware that this is all made
up and she never answered
me and I think I tried a few few times
like but you know you know that these
couldn't possibly be true stories right
you you know that I read comic books
you've seen it you you see me watching
reading comic books what would be the
evidence that Spider-Man exists that
would be different from the EV you know
so that's sort of the direction I went
to her credit and then and then I said
um I'm resigning from
religion and at 11: I told my mother I
wouldn't be participating
anymore and to her credit to her
Everlasting credit one of the greatest
things she ever did she said
okay and we never spoke about it again
because I tried it if I never tried it
then we would have had a longer
conversation but the rule was you don't
get to be a quitter no don't get to be a
quitter if we put you in baseball you
know if put you in little league and you
don't like it the first two weeks you
don't get to quit if you play for three
years and decide you don't want to play
a fourth year yeah yeah then you've
tried it so the fact that I'd already
gone to Sunday school for now what I
five years or something and that i' had
worked it through and I had an argument
and I had a position and I called the
meeting and I st down my position and
she said okay never talked about it
again and by the way I never even
learned what my parents religious
beliefs were still don't they never
talked about it I mean they attended a
little bit of the church activities but
they weren't regulars or
anything anyway anyway
so so I call that the Matrix now of
course it was a very long trip to find
out that all of the news is fake and
most of the science is fake too and that
everything we learn about history is
made up now that took a longer but once
I realize there something kind of
basic could be just a story that people
tell now if you prefer and say but Scott
you're wrong because the Christian
religion is all correct
you would certainly agree that all the
other religions are wrong so it ends up
being kind of the same point if you you
know you just might think you got the
right
one anyway here's a matrix
example um in The Matrix uh do you
remember why Tulsi gabard is was being
called a Russian asset and still is by
some of the Democrats that came from
Hillary
Clinton Hillary
Clinton also of course tried to make
make uh Trump the Russian asset I I
think Hillary's calling card is she
always tries to get a twofer so Hillary
hates Russia and
Putin and often she'll hate somebody
else so if she hates somebody else
she'll just say that they're a Putin
puppet so that you can take out the
person that you hate but also keep the
pressure on Putin so apparently she did
that trick the same trick that she did
on Trump she tried on Tulsi gabard and
that's part of the
Matrix so if if you're a Democrat and
you think that the news is real and
somebody like Hillary Clinton says
honest things then you think oh I guess
I know what's going on now look at all
these Russian puppets but if you know
you're in The Matrix and you know that
nothing that public figures say should
be taken as true then you go oh that's
just Hillary Clinton doing what Hillary
Clinton always does oh Hillary Clinton
always says
somebody's a a Putin
puppet so no I wouldn't worry about
telsy
gabard um I saw a conversation on X in
which people were saying uh were
disagreeing with somebody who said we
should vet people and make sure that
we're letting in immigrants who are you
know not criminals and can add something
it turns out there are a number of
people who in the comments said very
clearly that all immigration is
bad and the reason is that they're
coming in from other countries and other
races and cultures and they're going to
you know outnumber the people who are
here eventually and then put pressure on
the people are here who will become I
think it's mostly white people who are
worried about being
minorities and I was saying that uh
economists should
decide who comes in and what kind of
people come in and what numbers and I I
still believe that but a number of
people disagreed with me and said that
all that all of the uh immigration is
bad and then somebody said oh look at
how much I'm being dunked on in the
comments so I looked at the comments and
I thought how would anybody dunk on
that to the best of my knowledge 100% of
economists from both sides are on the
same page which is that there is some
number of immigrants that's good for the
country and there's some number that
would be too much am I wrong about that
that 100% of economists would agree they
might they might disagree on the number
and even the type but they would all
agree with the concept that there's
something as something that would be
called too few especially since we're
not reproducing at the rate of
replacement and there is something that
would be too much I don't think that's
even
controversial but other people were
saying no it's basically just race they
just don't want to be outnumbered by
High qualified people or low-qualified
people and there was a disagreement
because I said everybody's better off if
the economy is good because we brought
in people who could do good things now
I'm going to double down on my
comment if we didn't have immigration
you wouldn't have Elon
Musk you wouldn't have
aake I mean I I think maybe his parents
um right you you wouldn't have most of
Silicon
Valley do you know how many how many uh
unicorns were made by uh people who were
not born in the United
States maybe it's more obvious when you
live where I live because I'm you know
sort of Silicon Valley adjacent so I'm
mired in that population
but immigration
is really really important to America
keeping its economic lead and if you
think that you could take a hit on the
economy and you'd still be okay I don't
think you're thinking this through
there's a reason that every Economist
thinks that some amount of immigration
is good every
everyone so uh I think some people think
that they specifically would have some
negative outcome but again that has to
do with the
rate if you suddenly said let's bring in
uh uh a 100 million people for from
India without checking him out that
would be too
much too much if you said can we skim
the smartest brightest people from their
you know their best institutions who
want to work in America yes please let's
let's let's see if we can get as many of
those as we can you know let's see if we
can get as many German scientists after
World War II as we can we really do need
the best we need that pretty badly so
I'll agree with you that there's some
amount of anything that's too much but
no you can't you can't not have
immigration and expect the country to
remain
prosperous uh well Elon Musk also making
news because he said that even Mayors
will be arrested for stopping Mass
deportations because he said that
anybody who's trying to you know Aid and
ab bet the illegal immigrants is going
to have some some questions to answer
and he says that even Mayors could be
arrested and I think the was it the
mayor of Denver who almost immediately
said well I probably wouldn't try to
stop
it I didn't see that story too closely
but there's some mayor who did a little
backtracking but I agree with
this I agree that mayor should be put in
jail if they try to stop the federal
government from doing what is legally
authorized and I would argue is mandated
by the election so yes I think a mayor
should go to jail if they get in the way
now I don't know if they should stay in
jail but you know maybe you need to put
them in there overnight while you do
your deportations or something but you
know I I I'm not I'm not in favor of law
fair no lawfare but we have to get the
job
done anyway um Patrick Bet David was
having a good time uh mocking CNN and
MSNBC um apparently the Hallmark Channel
beat them both in in uh in viewership
recently and uh Patrick B David says
quote imagine you wake up one day and
your producer comes to you says guys
Hallmark just beat
us to which I
say well being the third best of fiction
isn't that bad is
it see because Hallmark is
fiction and CNN and MSNBC or fake news
so they really are direct comp
competition what would happen if they
had real
news and then Hallmark continueed doing
fiction although Hallmark does some real
stories sometimes don't they well I
think it's pretty funny now I do think
that their viewership will rise again
when Trump takes
power because they'll have something to
attack and people who want to hear it at
the moment I think everybody's weepy
because they found out they were on the
losing side and their team all lied to
them but they'll get over it and uh I
think they'll get back at least half of
what they lost in audience in the last
few months it'll be after the holidays
maybe everything's slower over the
holidays
anyway um so Glennon Greenwald is always
good at reminding us which networks are
associated with the CIA and he he says
uh how Cor corporate media like CNN is
nothing but a blind mouthpiece for the
CIA and he gives this example that CNN's
Katie
bis she was going after Tulsi gabard
because Tulsi had once supported limits
on NSA domestic spying and uh about
something about Edward
Snowden so and then uh Greenwald points
out that uh Katy
boellis Bolis uh repeat ly slips in
quote intelligent sources tell us to
maintain the facade of
neutrality if you hear the if you hear
intelligent sources tell us what should
you do with that
story not believe
it intelligent sources are they're the
professional
Liars if you're an intelligent Source
you're allowed to lie it's actually
right there in your job description
it's not even you know it's not even
immoral or unethical it's their job it's
their job to lie to anybody they need to
lie to to get the job done
so yes it does look like CNN's got a
little little influence there from the
quote intelligent
sources I don't believe any any non-name
sources um I'm seeing it was an article
saying progressives need a new
leader how in the world are they going
to do
that
um so this is one one spokesperson in
the uh Democrat Party um they think that
the was at least one thinks that the uh
Progressive left is better without a
dominant
figurehead so the so the Democrats don't
have an obvious leader now it seems like
Obama will still emerge at some point
but at the moment he's quiet because he
he's on the losing
team um and then there's another view
that instead of having no dominant
leader which by the way is a losing
proposition if you're ever if you're
ever involved in a organization who says
well I don't think we need a dominant
figurehead we probably need to you know
just share the power you should quit
immediately because literally nothing
works if you don't have a you know a
powerful leader now the powerful leader
should certainly be taking you know lots
of Clues from the people being led
that's what Trump
does but you still need the powerful
figure ad to get anything done you can't
share power that's never going to work
um and then somebody else saying that uh
this is my favorite one um the Democrats
need an opposite and equal force in
terms of
celebrity somebody named Turner said so
imagine them saying okay we figured out
what we did wrong Trump was such a good
candidate such a powerful strong you
know almost like a cult leader
persuasion capabilities that if they
could come up with their own celebrity
powerful charismatic person that they
could win elections too so two other
theories are we should not have anybody
like that and then the other theory is w
we need somebody just like
that so when I say that the Democrats
are lost oh wow are they
lost they are so
lost that it's almost like the people
who know how anything Works already
became Republicans so there's nobody
left who can figure out easy stuff you
know just basic easy strategy
stuff and anyway I'm starting to think
that there are no Democrats who have the
skill to fix
this and if they're trying to figure out
why does it work for the
Republicans but not
us do you think I should tell
them do do you know why the Republicans
got a bigger tent and they gained in
every single
category does anybody know
why uh I'm going to give away the secret
because Republicans focused on the
Constitution the
law the religion in many cases and an
emphasis on
family if you know those things which
category of uh human
beings don't like it none every category
of human beings likes that oh you've got
a very clear set of rules that were made
by people they lasted hundreds of years
oh let's just follow these rules and
then everybody will be good so the
Republicans have created probably by
accident as much as anything well
obviously the Constitution is
intentional but even when the
Constitution was written it wasn't
wasn't exactly an egalitarian document
uh but it became one over
time and it seems to me that the
Republicans have created a a big tent
vacuum cleaner
meaning that if you get anywhere near
the big tent you hear this
noise you know a vacuum cleaner coming
on and you just you get sucked in and
then when you're on the
inside all those people you thought were
horrible racists they're offering hey
how can I help
you you know can I can I uh remove the
snow from your driveway I got a few
minutes and you learned that everything
that you knew about the Republicans was
wrong and that as long as you follow the
rul rules that they follow they love you
they love you you just have to follow
the same rules that's it it's easy but
the progressives are over there trying
to decide huh should we be
progressives should we be more Dei and
and really identity politics or should
we be more like
Bernie or or what those are all they're
not even the right
questions if if they're they're talking
about
personnel Republicans are talking about
process one is system one is goal the
system is going to beat the goal every
time so if the if the Democrats don't
figure out how to create a system which
they don't have they can't beat the
system so here's what I mean um republ
so Democrats have a goal of having power
and everybody gets this Equity stuff
yeah everybody does well that's a goal
it's a pretty good goal right of course
they want Power they think they're the
good guys they want everybody to do well
good
goals then you look at the
Republicans they have systems hey we got
to make sure we're following this
Constitution and that's why we got to
make sure that the Supreme Court is
filled with what we call the
originalists the people who are going to
follow the Constitution The Way It Was
Written not make up stuff that's the
system that system among other things
caused uh the the abortion question to
be sent to the
states how' that work out well it worked
out really well for Republicans because
it kind of took it off the table for the
federal election which was a better
system and at the same time the local
people in the states have you know
majority female voters in almost every
state so they can kind of get what they
want over time that's a system
the goal was for them to get all the
abortion rights they wanted right away
they will get all the abortion rights
they want in each
state eventually the system will work
through it and they'll get exactly what
they want but um the system of just
making sure you're picking meritocracy
you're following the law you're
following the
Constitution um and that you're actually
doing a
primary that's another system mistake
right so the Republicans said we're
going to have a competitive primary and
they did the Democrats said um we'll
just push this dying guy through uh no
we'll replace him uh no you know there's
no
system so the system people are going to
just absolutely dominate the goal
people I think forever I mean unless one
of them changes completely this is a
this is a permanent dominant situation
and the fun part is that the Democrats
can't figure it out because they're
locked in an identity world you know
they're they're locked in their own form
of the Matrix in their Matrix there's
identity and that matters and then
there's bad
Republicans if that's how they frame the
world they can't ever get a
solution so I would expect it to be kind
of a bad time to be a Democrat for a few
few
years
um former Obama speech writer Roso Keefe
according to Washington examiner uh says
that the celebrity endorsements are good
for
Democrats and but is careful to say and
here's where I respect this opinion
because at first I thought that's dumb
but then when I read that Nuance the
Nuance is that nobody really changes
their opinion because of the celebrities
but you might get people more interested
in showing up to vote you if if it if it
improves Your
Enthusiasm okay maybe but nobody changed
their vote because Beyonce so I agree
with the Democrat um speech writer okay
yeah the the celebrities are not
changing votes but maybe they give you
some energy however I would
note that both sides use celebrities
right so they both used every celebrity
they could get um Trump did it too but
what was different about the
way what was different about the way
that Trump did
it Trump used celebrities too but what
was
different here's what I think was
different Trump's celebrities were often
people that look like Democrats
so when you see Joe Rogan who's got a
long history of progressive Democrat
looking opinions sayou know what I'm
going Trump you've got uh professional
athletes especially professional male
black athletes putting on the hat and
saying you know what I I've listened to
both arguments going
Trump uh you watch the um you know all
the UFC fighter types uh every different
race and religion and you see how much
they love Trump and you say to yourself
huh that's a lot of people who like
Trump all different kinds here's how
Trump did
it when I look at Trump's celebrity
endorsements here's what I
say big
tent Big Tent hey it's a big tent and uh
you're welcome everybody's
welcome when
the when the democ rats put a celebrity
on they're going to tell you that the uh
Republicans are and you should try
to crush them stay away from and
basically that you're the good people
and the other people are
 and and people are like well I'm
not so sure because my neighbor is a
Republican and he just mowed my lawn for
free like but you telling me he's bad
like how's that work so I think that
Trump quietly
just quietly doing what makes sense
Common Sense uh attracted people from
every domain who appreciate Common Sense
such as having border control so so you
get some Joe Rogan you get your RFK
Juniors you get you know you get your uh
your
Tulsi and suddenly it's hard not to
notice that everybody who likes Common
Sense Solutions seems to be moving
toward Trump and it doesn't matter what
their color or race or religion is and I
think that Trump did it the right way so
he used the celebrity endorsements as
evidence that it's
safe his biggest problem was making it
safe to say that you're on his team and
that's what the celebrity endorsements
did and by the way that wasn't that
wasn't Trump making it happen that I
I've said this before that I think the I
think the public dragged Trump across
the winning line the Finish Line I don't
think he pushed himself over I mean he
did a great job so not taking nothing
away from Trump's performance it was
amazing one of the best you've ever seen
but still it took people taking big
risks in their personal and professional
lives to say you know what I'm putting
this hat on and you know musk was the
biggest one the biggest risk maybe
will'll be the biggest winner
but uh when you watch other people take
a big risk like that it's it's very
inspiring so I think Trump used it the
right way by kind of ignoring it and
letting it happen on its own and then it
formed on its own and then it helped
drag him across the the winning Finish
Line
anyway
um
so um the DNC Vice chair according to
the
hill uh Ken Martin he criticized the
party for losing and he said quote we
don't know how or why we
lost now that's the most honest person
like he's he's the one I'd listen to
because he goes on I think he was on uh
might have been news Nation no he was on
CNN with Jake Tapper and he said this
directly this is a direct quote we don't
know how or why
we
lost now that is exactly right because
I'm observing that everybody's
speculating like maybe we should have
done this maybe we should have done that
but when you put all that speculation
together the summary is we don't know
how or
why and I don't think that they can find
it
because think of the irony of this so
this is the DNC Vice chair and he's
appearing on CNN and he's talking to
Jake Tapper and he's saying we don't
know how or why we
lost he's on CNN he's talking to Jake
Tapper people get the news from CNN and
Jake
Tapper the CNN decided what people saw
and MSNBC decided what people saw so it
almost didn't matter what the Democrats
were doing if there's somebody else who
decides what people
see so I don't think that he was quite
realizing the irony that he was talking
to the
problem Jake
Tapper now not specifically Jake Tapper
but CNN so if you appear on CNN you say
I don't know why we lost and CNN is you
know one of the primary formers of your
message I think maybe you should turn a
little bit of that scrutiny on the media
and say maybe it's the person I'm
talking to maybe if you had not pushed
the um fine people hoax which Jake
Tapper did maybe people wouldn't be
leaving for that reason some of the most
important people who left the
party say directly it was and they say
it out loud is because when I found out
the fine people hoax was a hoax that's
when the whole Matrix opened up and you
know I could see that the Democrats were
just
lying so Jake Tapper was part of a big
part of pushing that and other hoaxes if
you can't recognize that the media is
the ones causing them the Democrats to
fail how could they possibly
recover and they can't tell the media
that the media is the problem because
then the media won't invite them to be
on anymore it's an unsolvable
problem yeah I I can't see any system or
tweak or or anything the the only way
you could solve this problem is
replacing all of the people at the same
time and of course there isn't any way
to do
that all right
um Colin rug had a little uh video and a
post on X about uh Washington Post is
Jennifer Rubin she was mocking trumps
because his nominations were too white
and she said when they looked at the the
page of the nominations there were a
thousand shades of white
haa um she said I have I have to comment
when he put up all those faces it was a
thousand shades of white have you
noticed
that
well um I'd like to do a call out to one
of my followers Mike Bert Mike Bert what
are you going to say about
that that's sort of an inside joke right
we we have a uh uh within locals I've
authorized uh one person to be
inappropriate as much as he wants you
know not too bad but so we we have one
Court
Jester who's allowed to say the things
you really shouldn't be saying but we've
allowed one person to do it because it's
actually fascinating if you cut yourself
off from the opinions that differ from
you you're not going to understand the
Nuance but um this was funny for reasons
that you won't totally understand but um
I would note that uh they're not
entirely white uh I think there are some
asian-americans there are some other
flavors and there's some Hispanic
Americans I think there's at least one
um some Middle Eastern American type um
and Scott Turner was selected for head
of Hud so HUD has a a black guy who was
U part of the executive team over there
I guess and he's got a good
resume
now what do you
think do do you think that the HUD
appointment was a Dei appointment just
so he could just so Trump could say Well
they're not 100%
white well I don't know I don't know I
also don't know if HUD needs to exist
can anybody tell me why HUD exists is
there anything the HUD does that
couldn't be replaced by something far
more efficient I think they have tens of
billions of dollars of funding that
they um that they kind of allocate but
couldn't that be allocated more
locally so here here's my take on what's
wrong with um every Urban Development
problem so somebody says if only there
were a big bunch of money and then
somebody says all right here's your
here's your big bunch of money from the
government and then it's allocated to
people who apparently just steal most of
it how do you stop that so if you have a
system that's good at producing money
and delivering it but then once it gets
delivered it's stolen somewhat reliably
or it's given to the wrong vendors who
can't can't get the job done you're
never really going to fix
it so it seems like that what we need is
to fix the funding
oversight uh I feel like the decision of
how to spend money locally should be not
in the hands of the elected
representatives and I know that sounds
opposite of what makes sense but if if a
small City can elect a mayor who then
can you know make sure that the
contracts go to their brother-in-law and
anybody else who's going to give them a
kickback we don't have a workable system
see that's system problem again so what
I like to see is V and Elon coming up
with maybe some ideas collectively for
how we can make sure that if money is
sent to an urban place for urban
development that it just doesn't get
stolen because if you don't fix that
there's no point in giving anybody any
money for
anything and I also
worry that um Republicans maybe have
written off the inner cities
because they're not getting many votes
there and I don't think you can fix
it it doesn't look fixable to me see the
trouble is if you put too many people
who have too many problems in one place
I don't know that you can ever fix it
you would have to move the people which
would be illegal and if they don't want
to move then how's that going to work
mean I I think you could take if you
took let's say a teenager who's in this
bad environment there's gangs and
there's crime and there's you know the
schools are bad and everything if you
took that one teenager and say all right
let's see let's see what happens if we
put this one teenager in a safe place
with a good school and no gangs probably
you'd get a good pretty good
outcome but if they're if but if
everybody is in this one place and they
all have the similar problems they're
not going to feel like they have to
escape because they're just sort of
living the same life as everybody around
them and I don't know that that's
flexible I mean you almost have to
distribute the people who are in the
same bad situation so they don't
reinforce each other's bad habits yeah
you you've heard you've heard the thing
you are the average of your five closest
friends right what happens if you live
where your five closest friends are gang
members do you really have a do you have
a chance not really so how much money
could you send into that situation to
fix it there's no amount there there's
no amount that fixes that in fact the
more money the worse it would get so you
going have to fix the five friends
problem
first and I don't know how the only
thing I could think of would be a
massive Improvement in
mobility and the mobility would have to
include can you go some somewhere can
you afford to move can you get a job if
you go there and can you and do you have
enough school choice that you can you
move at least the school so if you could
move the options for any one person to
say you know what I need to get where I
can get five good friends around my
teenage kid and maybe those friends will
influence them now that would be a real
solution but sending money no I mean I
if if Trump decided that HUD didn't
really have a
future I wouldn't be
surprised anyway
um I saw chamoth talking about uh on the
all-in Pod chth I think I say his name
wrong it's chth right and then I never
try to say his last name because I'll
just embarrass myself but it's
like
pelipa Jason are you watching
if Jason is watching you're laughing at
me right
now there's some names that I really try
hard like every time I read his name
jamaat's last name I read it and I sound
it out and then I try to memorize the
order of the letters and stuff never
works it doesn't last a day anyway but
chamal said can you imagine if these
guys you talking about the people
working on Doge can you imagine if these
guys basically use Doge as a mechanism
to shrink the the tax code create a flat
tax
potentially uh the idea of just cutting
this all the way down and finding
through that the process of what they
actually need and he says I think
America could uh could get 100 to 200
basis points of GDP growth it could be
an economic
Renaissance I
agree um now I don't think flat tax
school ever work in
America there's just no way because it's
good for rich people it's bad for poor
people no way you're never going to get
a flat tax so just forget about it right
I mean it's great to talk about but
you're never going to get a fla tax um
however if you could reduce your taxes
and you know make make sure the taxes
have the right incentive and you get it
down to a minimum and you cut the cost
of the government so you don't need as
much taxes could you get 100 to 200
basis points meaning that instead of
growing by 3.5 you would grow at 5.5
which would be
incredible yes yes I think you could do
that is it hard oh my God it's hard is
it possible I think it is and so I have
the same intuition as jth uh
less uh less Faith than a flat tax could
ever even be you know within a mile of
being uh viable and I just think that's
because our the way our brains work we
wouldn't we just couldn't handle it flat
tax would just make everybody complain
too
much good for rich
people um so now we know much more about
the January 6 and that the National
Guard was delayed 3 hours and 19 minutes
when everybody knew that there was going
to be a problem and uh it looks
like we got real problem so Chief Steven
Sun um who who was at I guess who was in
Char of the capital police and uh he's
noting that we now know that there was
this three over three-hour
delay and if they had sent the
reinforcements it would have looked
completely
different does it look to
you like the delay was intentional to
make the Optics as bad as
possible
maybe you know you can't rule out
incompetence but it certainly has the
look of an OP
and you can't ignore that so certainly
the January 6 committee are the uh at
the top of my list of people we need to
be looked at to see if there was a crime
there now I don't believe in law fair
has to be a real crime but if they were
hiding evidence and lying under oath or
any of that stuff these are really bad
consequences I mean what happened to the
country people in jail for it um if
there's nobody on the January 6
committee that ends up in jail
I feel like I'd be
disappointed but if they didn't create
if they didn't break a law that's the
way it's got to
be uh anyway California is making it
harder to produce gas in California so
we're we're all dead forget about that
um so the story about Biden doing this
last ditch effort to send all the money
they have to Ukraine was it Anthony
blinkin said President Biden has
committed to make sure that every dollar
we have at our disposal will be pushed
out the door between now and January
20th so that really doesn't sound like
somebody who's taking care of America
does it we're going to make sure that we
push every one of your dollars out the
door before the government changes that
doesn't sound like they're on our side
it really doesn't so I mean there's a
tone problem
there but the way it's Being Framed is
that these moves are designed to make
sure that Ukraine is in the strongest
possible negotiating position when Trump
takes
over
really really is that why they're
pushing all that money through right now
it's to it's to help Trump get a get a
good
outcome is that
why I don't think
so I don't think so no I think that
there's a massive money laundering
operation and they're put pushing as
much money through it so they can suck
as much out of it as they can and
basically robbing Ukraine and robbing
the United States while they leave
office that's what it looks like that's
what it feels like I don't have any
proof but sure looks and feels like it's
a money laundering money stealing
operation but nonetheless it could be
true that it would keep Ukraine strong
enough to negotiate well as well so
that's good
all right that's all I got for you for
my prepared remarks today I'm going to
go talk to the to the people on locals
who haven't yet banned me and uh I will
see the rest of you on U on Rumble and
YouTube and X tomorrow same time same
place and we'll have fun again thanks
for joining and locals coming at you
privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for