but bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody
hello come in come in gather round
lots of seats in the front and because
it's weekend I know you're prepared
you've got your beverage you're waiting
for me to give the signal for the
simultaneous up the best sip of the day
the dopamine hit that you're gonna love
all right everybody get ready all you
need is a cup of motor Stein your glass
a chalice a tiger two thermistor flash
the canteen a vessel of any kind
chilling with your favorite liquid I
like coffee hope you do too but whatever
you have in your in your vessel raise it
to your lips and join me for the
simultaneous sip ah well I see one of my
co-conspiracy conspiracists just logged
on you know what I'm talking about
it was revealed today and I feel quite
embarrassed about this that and even I
didn't know this until today but I
learned on social media today that
apparently I'm a George Soros puppet and
I'm taking funding for him in Michael a
purse kiemce to date of mine people who
were on Twitter and possibly make money
by giving money away I don't know how
any of that makes sense but that's what
Twitter is telling me today so a number
of people who have been under the cue
well I guess they crawled out of the cue
sewer to attack me and attack bill
pulled a before trying to give away
money now it makes you wonder is there
anything that people can't find
something to complain about
literally rich guy tries to give away
his money and tries to do it in a way
that encourages other rich people to
give away their money to people in need
that's why that's what's happening
what's the result
of rich people tried to give away their
money to people in need
result is oh yeah you rich people are
probably working for George Soros
because George Soros one of his
companies once invested in a public
company that anybody can vest in and
they invest in hundreds of things
so because the George Soros invested in
a public company somehow I'm the puppet
of George Soros because it all fits it
all makes sense and other people are
giving bill pulled a hard time for using
the cash app as the as the tool to
deliver his gifts cash app most of you
should know is partly owned by Jack
Dorsey who is you know also Twitter so
people are saying wait a minute
Jack Dorsey and Twitter and cash app
there must be something going on
somebody's making money off of this to
which I say I don't know much about cash
app but I don't know of any financial
organization that works for free I don't
know if you use a credit card somebody
takes the piece if you use an ATM and
it's not your bank somebody takes the
piece if you send a wire transfer the
bank takes the fee so maybe I don't know
I'm not sure that I care what are the
other but here's the thing Jack and Bill
have already been working together and
work together in this big project in st.
Louis which they're clearing out a lot
of the blight in st. Louis which is
Jack's hometown and so they ought
they've already done a massive very
expensive giveaway both their own money
mostly Jack's in that case in st. Louis
but Bill put his own money in as well
and so they know each other and they
have a working relationship in the shell
anthropic field what app should bill use
of course he's using the cash app if if
you were working with me and giving away
masses about you muddy and
working together on the philanthropy and
you had an app for delivering money and
I was delivering money what the hell
happened I use of course I'm gonna use
course I'm gonna use that one so if
you're looking for the the hidden secret
motives none of its hidden he talks
about it all the time the connection
between between the cash app and Twitter
and Jack and Bill Polti this is all
public information there's nothing being
hidden at all other people are saying
why why is Bill Polti trying to raise
his Twitter followers by this to which I
say it's public he's saying exactly what
he's doing he's saying if you could
reach retweet me you know if you follow
me etc he's building up his Twitter
following so that his his philanthropy
has more power it couldn't be more
public it would be impossible for him to
be more transparent than that so anyway
the QED conspiracy nuts of hawk about to
attack anybody associated in any way
with us and it's just braised time let's
talk about senator Kemal Harris by now
you've all seen the news that she was
giving your stump speech and one of the
people in the audience referred to
President Trump using the R word the RET
ard word and did Kamal Harris chastise
him and say don't use that word she did
not she laughed and said what was her
exact tweet she said well said well said
when he referred to the president has
quote mentally ret arte D now the first
thing I'd like to say is I don't believe
there's a human being on earth who
doesn't use that word privately am i
right
now I exaggerated a little bit I'm sure
there's somebody on earth who doesn't
use that word even privately but
privately privately everybody uses that
word period just everybody you know
maybe 99.9 but basically everybody uses
that word privately now is it a problem
to use it privately I would argue no
because when you're using it privately
and you know who you're talking to you
know they're not going to be offended
and it's not meant to be cruel you know
you don't have any bad intentions and
you're talking to somebody you know will
understand that but if you use it in
public you're kind of a dick yeah that's
at least the current thinking many of
you could disagree with that and blah
blah blah you want to be able to say
what you want you'd like to be
politically incorrect I'm not going to
argue that point I'm just saying that
the the standard in the world at the
moment you know the standard of polite
behavior is that you don't use that word
in public it's offensive so what did
Kamala Harris say when she was
challenged about you know saying it was
well said that the president was
mentally Reta rted
and she said that she didn't hear it now
I don't think anybody believes that
right I don't think one person believes
she didn't hear it it's not impossible
you know I've been on stage in
situations where there's background
noise and you know you're thinking about
what your answer is going to be you're
not thinking about what the person say
so I'm not saying it's impossible but it
really stretches the imagination that
she didn't hear it it is however a
pretty pretty good lie good in terms of
it's sort of the only place she had
because she couldn't say yeah you got me
I wish I hadn't said that you can't
really get away with that so she's got
to say I didn't hear it now here's what
I think as I said a hundred percent of
people use that word privately and it
doesn't mean
anything bad when it's used privately
it's just one of the words you go to
when you're looking to say something
about other people so I think when she
heard it just speculation because I
can't read her mind the most likely
explanation is that when she heard it it
just felt like a word she hears in
private conversation and it didn't
immediately jump to her head how
offensive it was I think it just she
heard it and like private conversation
mode because she was sort of talking to
one person even though it was an event
she was talking to one person that came
out of his mouth now hers I think it was
just a a bad moment for her she didn't
catch it she's just not good on her feet
she's just not good in situations she's
good when she's prepared but she's not
good and in spontaneous situations the
way trumpets all right here's something
interesting in a letter so the Hong Kong
protesters are trying to pull the United
States into the fight now I suppose
you'd say in a way we are involved in
their fight I just saw a funny comment
that I'm not going to I'm not going to
repeat because it uses that word we
don't use that word in public okay I
don't care what you do in private
so the Hong Kong wants to pull us in or
sort of already in there because the
president has suggested that you know
how China treats Hong Kong you sort of
indirectly suggested that's gonna have
an effect on trade talks I don't know if
he said that directly but it's obvious
in his positioning that he's you know
the China's entire brand and the entire
realm of actions are important to us so
that's sort of indirectly saying that
well I don't see it happening I don't
see president Trump going all in and
backing Hong Kong's what should I say
independence he might do it in words you
might do it in tweets might make a
statement but I
think this is a winnable fight as I've
said before you know Hongkong might back
off on some rules about you know the
legal system and whether China can have
more of a role in it and extradite
people and stuff but in the long run
they're gonna get everything admits
pulled a source connected then blocked
me well I'm gonna block you for bringing
that up look so the queue people I'm
just blocking all the crazy queue people
today so I don't think President is
gonna get involved in Hong Kong I think
that's a fight that cannot be won I
think Hong Kong will eat China from the
inside and that Hong Kong could be the
end of China if China isn't the end of
Hong Kong so I think China and Hong Kong
are locked in a fight to the end in
terms of one system emerges and
democracy is a tricky little thing to
let into your country in such a large
bloc yeah because the the pro-freedom
ish people are in Hong Kong there are
lots of them and they're in one place
which is dangerous and that one place is
a little bit a little bit insulated not
not well insulated but a little bit so
the long run I don't know I don't know
you know which way this is gonna go I'd
have to bet on China suppressing Hong
Kong in the long run just because of
size and impatience but Hong Kong could
destroy China from the inside it's
possible here's an interesting but
preliminary scientific finding some
researchers were testing a drug that
they hoped would regenerate the thymus
gland so they're testing this new drug
and they accidentally discovered this is
completely accidentally then it reversed
people's epigenetic clock do you know
what that means that it reverses your
epigenetic clock
it means that out of cellular level you
got younger it actually reversed your
age it didn't just slow it down it
actually reversed it two and a half
years younger on average and it was
persistent they stayed that way I mean
until they naturally aged but now it was
a small group I think it was nine people
and they'd have to do a lot more testing
to find out how real that is but imagine
the change to society what would happen
to society if you stopped aging well
first of all what would be the cost of
that drug
it wouldn't be cheap but what would
happen would you have to work forever
because you couldn't retire you just
sort of just have to work forever you
know we have a weird life existence now
where there's so many people who are
looking forward to retirement which
might be just you know ten years before
you die and you're old and in bad health
and we still look forward to it because
it's probably better than working so you
know when we do these 80 year
projections of climate change where in
your eighty year projections do you have
the assumption that people become
immortal because I've got a feel that
immortality would really have an effect
on oh say everything what happens if
you're immortal and robots are doing all
the work
well what happens if you're immortal and
we get fusion energy working in 80 years
there's a chance you know like most
things of this nature I would not trust
this to be true but it's a fun story
here's another phone story from the
future quantum radar so scientists have
developed a working prototype of quantum
radar using you know the spooky concept
of entanglement to somehow identify an
aircraft and even know what kind it is
they could tell what model the aircraft
is from 60 miles out
and it can't at the moment it can't be
blocked although there's some some
speculations that that would be possible
in the future and it puts out a very low
energy signature so you can't even
identify the the radar site to take it
out so what would happen if stealth
aircraft just didn't work anymore
well it just completely changes your
entire defense situations then what
happens to space force yeah how does
that work until this we got some big
stuff coming that I don't know how
important it'll be there was also a
story about a Bill Gates backed project
to see the sky to change climate change
now what people are saying is oh no
don't don't have your airplanes seeding
the sky with some kind of magic dust to
cool the earth because what if you go
too far and you know what could go wrong
well what could go wrong as you destroy
the entire climate of the earth but
here's my question on that so it's the
right it's the right it's the right
question to ask you know if you put a
bunch of pollution in the sky to cool
down the earth can you reverse it you
know could it go too far and here's my
take I'm pretty sure that whatever
they're talking about is temporary by
nature in other words I don't believe
they're looking at any kind of
technology that would put something in
the atmosphere this stays there it
probably is something that has to be
redone every month I would guess now one
of the benefits is really fun because
one of the benefits is you could see the
sky over let's say where hurricanes form
because if you take down the natural
temperature a few degrees where
hurricanes form and you get him early
they don't form or they don't form large
so we actually have a technology that
probably would work for slowing down
hurricanes just catch him early
a bunch of planes take down the
temperature where they're forming who
knows might be worth a shot
so let's see I wouldn't worry about that
so much because I think that I don't
imagine there's any company that's going
to start seeding the planet in some
irreversible way I just don't see that
as being likely I think that they'll
test it in small places you know see if
they can change the temperature a few
degrees over some geographic area see
how long it takes for the order to
reverse itself and pretty sure they'll
attest this pretty pretty vigorously and
we also don't think they're necessarily
going to use it until things become dire
all right I'm going to tell you a weird
medical story then I wasn't going to
tell you because medical stories are
boring but this was interesting I swear
to god it's an interesting medical story
so you might know if you've listens to
be long enough I have a bunch of weird
medical issues I guess it turned out to
be more related than I thought number
one I was losing my hearing and quite
dramatically in the last few months and
quite quite badly I was losing my hear
everything was down about I don't thirty
to fifty percent and I also have proven
it allergies but only on one side so I
only have an allergy of this in hospital
and so it's there all the time but I
don't have any allergies in this
hospital ever what's up with that
right I also lost my ability to smell
I know maybe 12 years ago I lost my
ability to smell anything I can't smell
anything now I don't have a deviated
septum I actually had a septoplasty
years ago and corrected it I was born
with one but don't have one now so I go
to my doctor and I had what I thought
was a ear infection affecting my hearing
and doctor says that definitely your
infection here's some meds so meds meds
didn't work so I went back to a second
doctor because mine was off that day
second medical doctor says yes looks
like your affection you know will give
you different meds for the year
infection it's not wax you know I had
removed all my ear wax it wasn't that
but I was still about half deaf and I
couldn't smell and I had an allergy on
one side what's up with all that right
so my second doctor sent me to an ENT
and she sticks a scope of my nose and
she says you've got all the polyps in
there polyps yeah
pol YP they're benign so they you know
you know they're not lethal or anything
but there's some inner canal and my
sinuses that connects your ear to your
nasal sinuses that was filled with
polyps and the polyps had closed that
little channel which caused my ear
infections it caused my perpetual
allergies on one side and it might be
the cause of my not being able to smell
and it might be part of why yeah my
eustachian tube that is correct the
polyps in my new station tube and if I
had not gone to the ENT neither of my
general practitioners saw that is even
an option but the ENT you wouldn't have
known it either because you can only see
it if you stick the scope pretty far up
here into your head through your nose so
here's the thing
there are meds you can take that will
shrink them and I started taking those
meds you know this week and almost
immediately my hearing started to return
I forgot my dose last night and and I'm
deaf and this year again so I know that
the meds aren't working just because I
forgot one dose and it already reversed
just in in half a day so I don't know
how fixable it is or in the long run if
it's fixable but I will tell you this
I'm taking this prednisone somebody
asked me about steroids in the quicken
in the question The Apprentice ode is a
kind of steroid and man our steroids
awesome I can see why people do steroids
illegally because I've never had so much
energy
I just got so much done in the last few
days because the stupid prednisone it's
just like great my workouts are amazing
you know prednisone makes you eat I
think it might because I ain't like a
pig yesterday but it seems to be working
so here's the funny part that all of
those weird symptoms were probably all
one thing and here's here's the payoff
for the story two medical doctors didn't
see it two trained medical doctors
absolutely did not see it and and I had
to go to the you know the next level of
doctor who had a scope and then seen
this very problem before and do all
about it now here's here's the weird
payoff to the story the weird payoff to
the story is when people say that 97% of
scientists agree with climate change are
those scientists like the two general
practitioners who did not know that I
had polyps in my eustachian tubes or our
97% of those scientists who back climate
change are they more like the EMT who
actually knew exactly what was going on
because they're all called experts and
two out of three of the experts that
that dealt with my ear problem
completely missed it now to be fair both
of the doctors are excellent doctors and
they did exactly what they're supposed
to do so this is not don't interpret
this as any kind of a criticism of the
general practitioners the the way the
system works is that they treat the
obvious thing first as long as it's not
going to hurt you to treat it so they do
the obvious cheap thing first and if it
doesn't work then they they take it up
take it up the chain to the next expert
which is what they did so every part of
the process worked exactly the way I
would you know I would have charted to
doubt that's the way it's supposed to
work you don't expect the general
practitioner to know why we think the
specialist does
that said what does it mean what does it
mean when 97% of scientists say climate
change is you know calamitous problem I
would think that most scientists who are
working in climate change are more like
a general practitioner meaning that they
do not specialize in less a reading
temperatures from land thermometers they
do not focus on satellites right some of
them do but I would expect most of the
scientists or general practitioners so
it means they would be relying on what
they're hearing from the specialists and
the specialists are spreading across all
kinds of specialties so a special
specialist I don't know ocean
temperatures would sort of just be a
specialist on that and maybe it would
just be a generalist on all the other
stuff so here's the point when every
year 97% of scientists or doctors or
anything else agree on something you
should first say in your head okay but
I'll bet only 10% of them or fewer
actually know what they're talking about
the rest are probably just agreeing with
the 10% and say yeah I don't see
anything wrong with it and if that 10%
says is true that's probably pretty
reliable yeah the 97% do include the
deniers that is correct so it's a bogus
number all the way but whatever that
number was or however it came about just
remember most of those people are not
experts they're generalists so there
seems to be some kind of media
conspiracy to keep Andrew yang the head
of the news you saw a few mentions that
he wasn't even listed as being eligible
for the next debate even though he's up
to three percent so he's beating most
people
and let me put that in perspective let
me put it in perspective so I looked at
a story on CNN about Camille Harris
responding to the r-word and I thought
to myself I think I'd like to replay
that again so there was a video at the
top of the story and then there was the
text of the story that described the the
r-word use and that and that she said
that she didn't hear it so I clicked the
video and instead of a video of that
event which is the only video this
should be on the story about one event I
mean it was a story about one event and
so I clicked the video on that one story
and it wasn't about the event it was
like a campaign ad an unpaid one meaning
it was just a CNN story about how
awesome kumla Harris's it was a negative
story about Carla Harris this should
have featured the video of the negative
thing happening that would have been
damning as all hell because when you see
it you know she heard it and her lie was
as she didn't hear it but if you see
alive it's obvious she heard it so
instead of playing that video they
substituted it for a video that was just
a love letter to Camilla Harris showing
about her how her career got started and
how she's she's wonderful and showing
all these you know these great shots of
her doing awesome things and I thought
to myself oh my freaking God that's
crazy
somebody says maybe she has polyps maybe
maybe she has polyps alright there's as
much else going on is there why do you
still watch the fake news well I know
why I do it because I talk about it so
it's become sort of part of my job now
by the way my book loser think is going
to the printing press is pretty soon
we'll be out on November 5th the early
reviewers are liking it a lot so I think
you're going to like it too you
when you're a book author it's one of
the scariest times is between the time
you finish your book and the time the
first people who are not your publisher
are reading it and until you hear the
first people's comments whether they
like it or not it's really kind of a
nervous time because you don't want
people to say hey I read your book and
then do you think and did you like it
but the people reading it seemed to like
a lot so I'm pretty happy about that the
audiobook will be read by me I'll be
recording that this week so I go into a
local studio for probably three days and
I will read my own book over and over
and over again because I tend to stumble
on sentences when I'm reading out loud
so it's gonna be a long long three days
and I'll be happy when it's done how
about a fitness periscope one day I'll
do that I will do a periscope unfitness
Scott can you say yang gang please well
there you go somebody says I'm working
on a book and it's hard like really hard
you know I don't think anybody
understands how hard it is to write a
book and some books are harder than
others but if you try to I suppose if
you're writing a book about on him
biographical person you'd know where the
research was and you would read it he'd
put it together seems like that would
even be it would be easier but writing a
book which is full of largely unique
ideas and humor is a really tough thing
oh yeah so president Trump canceled his
meeting that we didn't know what was
gonna happen with the Taliban and the
Afghan government because the Taliban
took credit for blowing something up at
the same time they were trying to
negotiate a peace I wasn't entirely sure
that the president should have canceled
that
because he does have a he does have a
brand where he'll talk to anybody even
the bad guys so if that's your brand you
know they did it's not like the Taliban
suddenly became bad that week and I can
see why maybe they would pull back on it
just because it's personally insulting
to blow something up while you're on the
way to a peace talk so I guess I can
understand why he did it
I wouldn't criticize it but I can
imagine it if going the other way yeah
so I can't I'm not sure that the Taliban
leadership controls every person in the
organization so it's not clear to me
that the leaders order that explosion so
that's that's why I'm I'm not entirely
sure they shouldn't you showed up anyway
but we don't know everything that's
going on there there may have been more
to it
mark Sanford and else he's running
against Trump as a Republican good luck
with that just looking at your looking
at your comments all right
China continues to be a problem so I'm
still in favor of decoupling and I think
it's an important message for China to
hear
imagine you're China and you're
monitoring opinion in the United States
and I assume they do that right wouldn't
you assume that China is monitoring you
know at least the major pundit opinions
in the United States it would seem that
they would be measured that they would
be watching any hashtags that would be
referring to them so chances
I have reached their attention at some
point as has Kyle bass as has gordon
chang and as people like us start
calling for a decoupling meaning to
discontinue trade with china not right
away
it doesn't have to be tomorrow but we
should as a national as a national
security interest make sure that we're
dealing with countries that know how to
do business the way we need to do
business and china doesn't do business
in a way that could be internationally
acceptable it's not honorable it's not
honest and it doesn't work in the realm
of business because you need a certain
amount of trust to have a commercial
enterprise so i want to make sure that
they know that there's some people that
others are listening to we're saying
decoupling has to be on the table and
decoupling would probably be a big
disaster for China and probably wouldn't
make much difference to us in the long
run we'd probably get products that are
cheaper to ship because it would end up
being produced closer to home somebody
says that meeting with Taliban
leadership was probably secrets most
Taliban that's probably true right so
the Taliban themselves probably did not
know that there was a peace talk going
on so I doubt there was ever any
communication between the leader who was
going to the peace plan or the peace
meeting and whoever the idiot was who
blew up the thing so it was probably a
separation of communication yeah other
people say it's too close to the 9/11
anniversary you know I honestly think
that's the stuff we shouldn't care about
I get it I get it
but what would be a better way to honor
you know honor the dead than to be
working hard at trying to make sure the
situation didn't happen again I don't
know I I don't think we should be
bothered by things that are so just
image wise you know I it
I would be bothered if it mattered to
the outcome but I don't think it does
blocks the haters one less hater where
is a slaughter meter slaughter meters
had a hundred percent right now there's
nobody in the mix who seems to be
competitive I think that Warren is
taking herself out of the mix with her
anti-nuclear stance because she's in a
ridiculous situation where her biggest
priority climate change she's not doing
the only thing that you could do to
address it and even people on the left
even people she's running with or
against on the Democrat side cory booker
andrew yang the people who have actually
looked into it if if two of the smartest
people in your group literally the
smartest you know if you're gonna
measure your IQ cory booker is gonna be
like right at the top he's like was he a
rhodes scholar or something I mean cory
booker's seriously smart andrew yang
seriously smart i me these are really
smart people if they're saying a nuclear
has to be part of the deal and and
warren is not she doesn't even have her
own team under side and the boy and the
ones that disagree with her
unfortunately are the ones who looked
into it right it would be one thing if
the people who disagreed with her were
partisans or they were idiots or they
hadn't looked into it
etc you know joe biden don't you imagine
joe biden hasn't really looked into it
right when was the last time Joe Biden
got a detail you know update on nuclear
power I mean I'm sure he's been updated
lots of times in the past probably not
recently so it would be one thing if
Biden disagreed with you that wouldn't
mean as much but if you're to
unambiguously smartest you know y'all
most tapped in members of your own team
are saying you're freaking crazy because
you can't do it without nuclear she
doesn't have anything
it's her biggest thing and she has
nothing so that's bad I we hear today
that she's giving advice from Hillary
Clinton I think that story is overdone
meaning that my guess is that any
association between Warren and Hillary
Clinton is probably a minor you know and
I do believe that if I were to gasp I
would imagine that Hillary wants either
Harris or Warren to win probably just a
guess and it does seem like Warren is
sort of an improved version of Hillary
like if you started with Hillary and you
could remove all of her scandals but
what would you have Neville is with
Warren right so I like to do this
experiment I did I did this with that
Biden interrupt if you start with Trump
and you removed from Trump everything
that makes it good and interesting what
would you have left all the things that
made them funny interesting everything
that gives them charisma everything that
makes them powerful and effective if you
took all that away from them
you'd have Joe Biden right if you just
think about it everything interesting
just taken away from Trump the yeah
Biden now start with Hillary Clinton and
remove everything from her that's a
scandal all the you know the all the
assumptions about the Clinton Foundation
the you know the alleged dead bodies
which I don't believe but you know all
the things that people say about Hillary
Clinton if you remove all that from
Hillary Clinton what's left its
Elizabeth Warren right she's basically
clean Hillary you know sure you got the
Pocahontas thing but that's just
silliness I mean at worst it looks like
an honest mistake at worst and a small
one at that
so the Pocahontas thing isn't going to
be enough to take her down and it will
see them so overplayed and and nothing
by the time Election Day that nobody's
couldn't care about it
but now I have to wonder if those who
have helped Hillary Clinton will be
helping Elizabeth Warren now we've heard
that Harris was getting some of the old
Hillary Clinton advisers so there might
be some somewhat of a split there but
I'm going to be paying attention to see
if Elizabeth Warren's persuasion game
suddenly goes up because you know that
happened with Hillary and I speculated
this because she got a good advisor who
I called Godzilla the Godzilla of
persuasion now if the Godzilla of
persuasion or somebody that he trained
gets associated with Warren you should
expect to see her persuasion game go
through the roof and somewhat and
somewhat instantly so if you see an
instant change in her persuasion you
mean she's got an advisor and it's gonna
be a good one if it happens all right I
know how much don't say today so I am
going to go and I will talk to you all
later