boom hey everybody how are you come on
in here you're a little bit slow because
a lot of you are on vacation sleeping in
aren't you
yep you are well if you are alert you
may have noticed that in my Twitter feed
this morning I sent out the actual full
text of the simultaneous up so that you
could join in now I need to warn you
before we go further somewhere in my
house there's an alarm going off and
it's starting to make me crazy because I
can hear it but you can't so I might
have to take you in the trip through the
house to find the alarm but before we do
that we're going to enjoy the new and
upgraded simultaneous SEP the reason I
tweeted it out is that you could read
long enjoy it in on the chorus its newly
revised as somebody pointed out on
Twitter I got rid of the word of thermos
and as my Twitter wag said I impeached
it so thermos has been impeached and
removed from the list of the
simultaneous sip texts and it goes like
this
grab your vessel be ready the
simultaneous it I know why you're here
you're here for the simultaneous up all
you need is a copper in baccarat glass a
tanker chalice or Stein a canteen junker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee you
can fill in your own beverage there and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better this
simultaneous sip
and add that part got to add the ah
alright as promised we're gonna have to
go on a road trip
cuz there's an alarm it's going off
right now and so come with me I'll let
you see where I'm going
sounds like it's downstairs hmm sounds
like I'm the only one who's up bear with
me we'll find this we will stop it
there's my semi sleepy dog we'll find it
stay with me stay with me
hold hold here you can look at that
while I turn this off there it is solved
Snickers that's my loyal dog Snickers
here's the tree
Christina's piano alright we'll go back
upstairs everybody else is still asleep
there's my cat boo yeah boo come
upstairs we've got to talk to the people
follow me follow me boo come with me all
right boo she's following us
bear with me
alright back in my office sorry about
that little detour so I just set my
drums up over here
it's my new drum location here's my
neighbors it's a foggy day in California
all right
it's quite enough of that well I wasn't
planning on that all right
can't we go to the medicine cabinet
somebody says so let's talk about the
impeachment I did a little survey on
Twitter to see which term people liked
the most for the impeachment do you like
calling it the shy impeachment the
incomplete meant the half Pietschmann or
the impeachment light I know Trump is
used in Pietschmann light but I ran a
poll and the winner the big winner was
she impeachment I think he had over 60%
of the vote
second place was incomplete meant but I
think it's rising fast I think she
impeachment you were just used to but
incompletion is funnier and as I as I
continued to say the word impeachment
has started to lose all meaning you know
it was only a week ago that impeachment
was a terrible thing and today it's just
a punchline
in fact the Democrats were actually
considering a second impeachment if they
find out something from Don began the
White House attorney that they think is
extra impeachable so Trump might be the
first person who's ever extra double
impeached
and I thought to myself you know if
Trump had a choice I think he would like
to not be a peached
wouldn't you say if it were up to him
and he got to choose and revise history
I believe he would choose to never be
voted to be impeached
but if you do get voted to be impeached
but it's not complete in our current
situation let me ask you this wouldn't
it be even better to be doubled not
impeached I mean actually because it
makes the whole thing look ridiculous it
looks ridiculous already but if they do
it twice at that point you you can't do
anything but laugh I mean it would
become a self-perpetuating joke if they
try to impeach him twice so I kind of
want it to happen and I'm not kidding
because it would just be the the last
vestige of you know chrome of
credibility left with impeachment and we
might as well go ahead and rip that
band-aid off because the impeachment
doesn't mean what I used to apparently
so here's the this is what I call an
anti-trump of math so the things we've
learned from anti-trump errs about math
is that if you if your leader has one
imaginary problem something that you
just imagined he did or imagined he's
thinking or imagined he will do well
that's no problem right because it's
imaginary there's no problem if you're
if your leader has a problem that's only
imaginary you're okay
but in the anti-trump math if you have a
laundry list of imaginary problems well
that's impeachable one one imaginary
problem it's imaginary literally doesn't
exist you can ignore it but if you've
got ten imaginary problems you're gonna
need to impeach and the second part is
that if you have one half Pietschmann
where you get a vote in the house but
the Senate doesn't confirm it well
that's not fully totally impeached and
removed from office it's closer to a
half B
but what if you have to them to half
Beach mints add them together you see
where I'm going
that's the full impeachment so I think
the Democrats are trying to string
together to half Beach mints to call it
a full impeachment or something if you
can figure out their strategy please let
the news business know because they
don't know their strategy and neither do
we
I think the funniest thing that's coming
out of all this is that it appears at
least it's drifting in that direction
that Trump is going to claim that there
was no impeachment he's gonna say he's
already said that there was no crime
which apparently is true because the
articles of impeachment don't even
alleged crime they're not even saying he
committed a crime so there's no crime
he's right about that and and he's
arguing that there's no impeachment
because they haven't completed the
process of suddenly into the Senate and
I'm thinking to myself sure sure we're
we're completely at a point where you
can define anything to me in anything
you know we're just changing words on
the same observations and coming to
different conclusions
so can trump credibly claim that there
was no crime and in fact no impeachment
happened
kinda he kinda can now I think
historians will see it differently but
who cares you know we're not dealing
with historians we're dealing with
current reality and I think Trump is
just gonna say it didn't happen which is
the funniest thing ever how much is it
gonna drive Democrats crazy if people
say haha we impeached you and Trump just
says night him it didn't happen you
imagined you did you tried but you
didn't now of course what you call it
impeachment non impeachment impeachment
half a Pietschmann has no impact or what
it is
but because our brains are wired for
what I call word thinking we think that
if we can agree on what the word is for
the thing then we've agreed on the thing
but they're different you can agree on
the thing and disagree about the label
which is all we're doing but but because
people think that the label of the thing
have to be the same disagreeing about
what you call it feels as though you're
disagreeing about the content of it and
we also we all watch exactly the same
content we watch the house to vote to a
beach we watch Nancy not gave it to the
Senate we're all looking at exactly the
same stuff so what words you put on it
are up to you all right
there's not a lot going on here so I
thought I would yeah looks like maybe
there's something wrong here I was gonna
open this up to guess but doesn't look
like I have that option oh yes I do so
I'm gonna I'm gonna take some questions
here in a minute so if you have any
questions I will get to that
president Trump said that he respects
Tulsi Gabbard for her vote on the
impeachment vote isn't that interesting
who was the only other person in the
world who said that Tulsi deserved
respect for her vote of present instead
of guilty or innocent just me so right
now it's me and President Trump who have
both said the same thing about Tulsi
which is huh that's actually the smart
play I think you know I I joke about
Trump always picking up the the free
money somebody says Jimmy Dore says the
same thing that may be true when Trump
sees free money on a table he picks it
up and so I was saying the thing the
same thing about Tulsi gabbard's yet
there was free money on the table she
could be the one who voted present get
all the attention get her point of view
elevated above everybody else's and also
be completely correct on
the morality and the concept and the you
know the thinking behind it so I think
that Trump just recognized that she had
a table full of free money and everybody
else walked past it and Tulsi reached
out and said free money anybody anybody
all right I guess it's my free money and
she gathered it up how would how would
Trump not respect that it's exactly what
he would have done I mean in the sense
that he he sees free money and he picks
it up I'm gonna give you the most
valuable financial advice you'll ever
get in your life it comes from Steve
Edwards who describes himself as a
hiring manager I don't know from what
company this is just on Twitter and
here's his advice which I will I will
amplify so hiring the hiring manager
Steve Edwards says here's a tip from a
hiring manager
I will never revoke your offer because
you asked for a higher base salary more
stock a signing bonus relocation the
assistance I might not be able to offer
any of that but then I'll and that'll
have to say no but it's probably safe to
ask that's the most valuable financial
advice you'll ever get because when
people get an offer that they've been
wanting such as a job offer or a
contract or some kind of business offer
in my case it's usually offers to do
books or contracts or speeches or
whatever and once somebody's made an
offer there they're mentally committed
they want you if you don't do a good job
of negotiating for what you need you're
not going to gain respect you might lose
a little bit if somebody accepts the
first offer you make for employment
I just think well they're not going to
negotiate for me you know if I hire
somebody who can't negotiate for the job
how could I possibly expect them to
negotiate on my behalf when they're
working for me you wouldn't expect
so the hiring manager is quite accurate
and saying you should ask I'll tell you
the first time that I learned this I've
told this story before but it's it's a
good story so it's worth repeating
when Dilbert first started taking off
and I started getting a little bit
famous I was still working my day job
but I was becoming known for doing the
comic that on weekends and nights it was
running in newspapers and one of the
newspapers was in Canada and a can a
Canadian event organiser contacted me
and I was in my cubicle of my day job
and she said we wanted to pay you to
come up and give a speech to a group of
petroleum engineers and I said I don't
do that kind of work and she said well
but she could write I mean we'll pay you
so you could do that kind of work
couldn't you and I said but you know I
don't really do that I don't I don't
give I don't give speeches so she said
but if you did now what what would you
charge and so of course I have a degree
in economics so I never say yes or no to
things I only say what my price is
because if he had said who will give you
a billion dollars I would have said yes
on the spot if she said we'll give you
ten dollars I would have said no on the
spot so it wasn't really a question of
whether I would do the speech or not do
a speech it was always a question the
price all right that's that's my
worldview and so the organizer said well
why don't you get back to me and tell me
what price you would do it for now
remember I've never done the speech and
it was a small group of people I think
there were maybe 25 people total what do
you think I should charge for it I had
no idea so I went to somebody who worked
at my publications syndication company
at the time somebody was more
experienced and I said and I said
somebody asked me to do a speech
basically just to talk about myself and
make some jokes
what should I charge and he said well
what once you you know when I told him I
didn't want to do it
he said well charge ten thousand dollars
because one of two things will happen
either they'll say yes and you get
$10,000 which you'd be happy with or
they say no and you say okay well that
was my price so just put a price on it
yeah go high and put a price on it now
when he said $10,000 I laughed and I
said I can't charge
I can't charge $10,000 just to talk to
25 people for a half an hour
all right that's that's a little bit
ridiculous and my more experienced
mentor said just ask for it see what
happens just go ahead you'll be
surprised so I actually had to practice
in the mirror to say $10,000 without
laughing and that that's actually true I
actually practiced out loud to myself
saying the number without accident like
I didn't mean it where I was laughing so
I call her back
she says did you think about it I said
yes you know what would you be willing
to do it for and I said I'd be willing
to do it for $10,000 and there's this
pause on the other side and I'm waiting
for the response because I'm thinking
there's no way she's gonna say yes to
$10,000 and she goes
we'd also pay for your first class
travel of course and that's when my life
changed because it was one of those
moments when I realized that I had no
idea what my economic value was no idea
and so I said yes I did this speech it
was terrible in fact they even told me
it wasn't good
imagine giving a speech and having your
organizers say well you know sort of
okay not really that good this is the
first time I'd ever done it and I would
agree it wasn't that good but I got
better at it and demand kept increasing
and so I would increase my price so I
didn't have to do so much of it that I
couldn't do my other work so I increased
it to 15,000 to give a speech and people
were offering amazingly people were
offering me $15,000 to just show up and
give a speech
they'd pay for travel as well and that
worked out so I raised it to 20 25 30 35
45 50 the most I've ever given been paid
for her speech was a hundred thousand
dollars I won't tell you who but it was
a big company and they paid me a hundred
thousand dollars to talk for an hour and
take some pictures and they paid for
they paid for travel as well now that's
the most the most I ever got paid but I
was in that fifty two hundred thousand
range for for a while now I don't I
don't do speeches anymore it's a little
bit dangerous and it wasn't the
lifestyle I enjoyed traveling around but
take that take that lesson with you the
person who is the least understanding of
their own economic value is you you
probably don't know what you're worth so
ask for a little bit more than you think
you're worth you'll probably get it and
if you don't you'll probably still get
the job or at least the option to get
the job so the best advice you'll ever
get is don't undervalue yourself ask for
too much see what happens all right that
is my advice I'm going to see if we've
got any guests who want to ask me some
questions I'm gonna take them in no
particular order will are you coming on
will will
I'm good will how are you got have a
question for me
I do I was the guy who sent you the
tweet earlier regarding the laundry list
persuasion versus focusing on a single
variable and your answer I thought
explained your point well that isn't a
reason just another word for variable no
I would say so your question was I've
said that if somebody has lots of
reasons for their opinion instead of
just a few good reasons that let that
long list of reasons probably shows that
they don't have one good reason whereas
there are situations they have lots of
variables and you don't want to
concentrate on one variable as the only
one that's
determinants and my point was that a
variable is very different than a reason
there could be lots of variables within
a reason but they're just different
things so so you shouldn't make any
judgment about what I say about reasons
in terms of what I say about variables
good variables and reasons or not
they're not the same concept all right
you two take care all right let's see
who else once they asked me a question
have you noticed that the news just
basically stopped bill bill are you
there hey Bill bill Polti is joining us
what can I do for you today bill and and
happy holidays Merry Christmas you can
do nothing for me you can continue to
teach people how to make money well
that's great
that's a good start you could be
teaching them how to make money - well
do you give great advice that was
awesome because often an employer
doesn't want to get into a situation and
have an issue with the employee so I
agree most people accept it yeah and
Bill you you fired a great many people
in your life so innards you know you
could see this from both sides hundreds
hundreds but anyway it's a great
Christmas season thanks for all your
help we're helping people like crazy and
it's been a very big help because of you
so thank you so there's a bill for those
who don't know about your internet
philanthropy you've been giving away
money literally just giving away your
own money yes to people who have good
reasons good cause what you tell us
about one of your recent ones well
yesterday I gave away a thousand dollars
to somebody who posted that they needed
a student loan or had a student loan and
needed some help so we did that then we
raised I think enough money for a 17
year old who had cerebral palsy to get
Christmas presents and then we raised
money I think before that for a family
who had lost their 19 year old son and
we raised money so they could have
Christmas presents we
raised presents Scott Christmas presents
for 81 families this families all
through Twitter that's amazing and and
your your influence keeps growing wait
how many Twitter followers yeah I think
about 1.7 million and we got a few
million on Instagram and and a year ago
it was what maybe 3 20 to 30 thousand
followers that's amazing
now you really suddenly sudden the
internet on fire here well so where
everything Scott thanks for promoting it
we wouldn't be able to help as many
people as we are without you so thank
you it's great talking to you Bill and
I'm gonna call her up I have a great
holiday
you too it was fun let's see who else we
got here
it's funny I look it I look at all your
faces names on your logos before I
select the guests and I act as I'm gonna
be able to tell something by looking at
that hello guests guests can you hear me
sure I don't have any questions for ya
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year doing
sure say that thank you that was easy
all right let's bring in somebody who
looks like they're gonna cause trouble I
think hit or miss looks like a
troublemaker maybe in a good way we'll
find out call her miss can you hear me
as oh hello Merry Christmas
did you have a question yes I can hear
you can you hear me yes go ahead
I was curious about your thoughts on
free will oh yes my thoughts on free
will well of course Sam Harris is the
ultimate sort of the more scientific
academic person to talk about free will
but my basic idea is that if physics
exists which it does and there
rules of the universe and and cause an
effect then you would not expect cause
an effect to stop at your skull and to
not apply to the things that are
happening inside your skull so your
brain is a machine that's hard for you
to predict what will happen but your
inability to know what you will decide
or you've been inability for anybody
else to predict it is unrelated to the
fact that it's just cause and effect so
one cause is always going to have one
effect so what you're gonna do tomorrow
is 100% determined by the conditions
today but it will feel as though you
made choices and certainly in the in the
ordinary sense people make choices
people do pick a or B they can go left
to right they can pick one or two but
those decisions feel like choices when
they make them but they are not they are
just your your conscious mind realizing
what's gonna happen and then you
interpret it after the fact there's a
some kind of freewill choice but that's
that's the basics of it did that make
sense yeah I guess you know you being in
self-help it's interesting that you're
still having an effect on people even
though it's you can't help it well you
know that's not entirely true
because if people have no free will and
they're just subject to their
environment I'm a variable that changes
their environment so it's to your point
it's not really self-help if the reason
that somebody improved is that I did
something you know you could argue that
it's not a self-help it just feels that
way because you accepted the help but
the help came from somewhere else and
you just incorporated it because it was
a new set of variables so I the way I
look at it is that wallet could be
labeled self-help what I see is that I'm
a variable that is doing whatever it
needs to do because it was gonna do what
its gonna do you know I I feel like
every day I wake up and do the thing I
was gonna do I just find out what it is
as it happens and then I become a
variable in your life and that can
change you so so no no there's no
conflict there at all I think
all right I think caller is off so let
me add another one it's let's add Peter
Peter talk to me
are you there Peter Merry Christmas do
you have a question yeah the expanse
season four have you had a chance to
check it out I I have watched I think
are there only ten episodes I can't tell
if they're anymore coming yeah but I
have been watching the newest season of
the expanse probably my favorite sci-fi
that's currently running I would say yes
of the ones that are currently running
yeah huge fan so I recommend anybody
check it out but but listen to it with
headphones all these sci-fi sci-fi
properties if you don't listen on
headphones you really miss the whole
bringing you into their world effect so
that's my recommendation there yeah
there are some amazing characters in
there sometimes I just like to hear the
belters talking the belters they don't
like these I don't even know what kind
of accent they have but the doctors that
walk me they said they sound to me like
South African or something mm-hmm but
it's a great accent they have all right
what the show is called the expanse and
you should watch it
thanks Peter right all right who else we
got here Rick looks like he's got
something to say Rick come
me come at me Rick hi Rick
you have a question I do so first of all
I want to thank you for being so
generous with your time and life's
lessons both in your books and your
periscopes thank you you're welcome so
following up on the previous question
about freewill my question is about what
you refer to as the simulation which I
find fascinating would love for you to
expound more on and my question is have
you ever considered that we are in a
simulation but that your interpretation
of the simulation is an attempt by a
finite being to understand an infinite
God's creation
well um have you are you familiar with
my book gods debris I'm familiar with
the fact that you've written it but I
have not read it and well based on your
question you would enjoy that book so I
won't give you a any spoilers religious
unless right near your ally right there
if we are a simulation which means that
we were created by some other species a
species that came before and could make
other species have a software it's
likely that there are lots of us copies
that is and there will be far more
copies than there are originals because
that's how it works
the original makes lots of copies so
chances are we're a copy because there
are more of them and all the copies will
think they are real just like the
original does that's how they're
programmed to think but I have thought
what's the point of it all and one of
the things that you could speculate and
I'm not saying this is the case I'm just
having fun with this if you were to
build a simulated software world today
let's say you're whatever you think is
your current human existence if you were
a programmer and you made your own
simulation wouldn't you inhabit one of
the characters you know wouldn't you
want to be one of the avatars who is
interacting with the people who are not
real or in some cases they're players in
some cases or not you probably would
you'd you wouldn't want to just be an
observer all the time sometimes you
would sometimes you might want to build
a little world just
to experiment just to watch it it's like
an ant farm maybe but you might you
might also want to interact with it so
it could be that some advanced advanced
civilization has run out of challenges
has run out of experiences has done
everything that they could do in their
own claim and have developed an
artificial world that they can be a
character within which means that I or
you could actually be a an alien who's
inhabiting an avatar for the purpose of
Reax perience afib or actual life in
other words you wouldn't have the
knowledge that you were the avatar you
would just wake up every day and say hey
I see lots of other people dying but I'm
not dying you know tons of terrible
things are happening to other people but
it's not happening to me it's like it's
like I wrote this game for my experience
or something yeah another thing any
that's true that's just for fun we have
to read God's debris and I think that'll
blow your mind yeah well I isn't that
what Christmas is all about is that the
Creator is becoming part of the creation
so well can can the Creator in the
creation ever be separate correct that's
exactly that's exactly what I'm saying
as a Christian I have no problem
believing that we're in a simulation of
sorts it's actually called creation
right there's even a scripture that says
in him we live and move and have our
being and this simulation what we call
creation is actually the context in
which our God created us so that we
could get to know him better the only
giving yeah there's there's lots of ways
to make those ideas all compatible so
thanks for that great holiday message
you write Merry Christmas guys Christmas
let's take another how about Cassandra
Cassandra can you hear me
good morning Merry Christmas
do you have a question how much I love
you and thank you for every morning that
you'd been with us
oh well thank you I love you all too and
I wouldn't do any of this if I didn't
enjoy it probably more than any of you
do you know it's really hard to explain
people often ask me you know how do you
how do you spontaneously talk for an
hour every day
and when I think about it and I say to
myself okay Scott suppose somebody told
you it's your job to talk spontaneously
for an hour every morning about whatever
you have to figure it out you know five
minutes before you go on you have to
figure it out how would you like that my
first reaction would be oh I wouldn't
like that I wouldn't like that at all
how am I going to talk for an hour
spontaneously in some way that anybody
wants to watch this thing but when it
happens it's so easy because it's just
enjoyable like this experience that I'm
having literally right now will be one
of the highlights of my day you know
it'll be one of the best parts of my day
and I think that you can most of you can
pick up on that I mean if you knew I was
just working you would know that right
but you can tell that I do this for my
own purposes as well as yours and we've
developed we've I would say we've
evolved together and we continue to
evolve as you've seen the simultaneous
sips that I started out with started out
as nothing but some words I jumbled
together people responded to it people
you know said what they liked or didn't
like I would watch the comments and then
it evolved into a proper toast and I
think it actually has some legs I think
people will actually use it over the
whole days so thank you for thank you
for your for your kind words Cassandra
all right thank you and I have a great
Christmas all right once we got here
looking for faces that people look
dangerous Alex looks dangerous
come at me Alex Alex Alex Alex Alex can
hear me
Merry Christmas Alex do you have a
question for me oh not so much a
question it's more your book your new
book that I loser think it's funny I
bought the the hardcover which by the
way absolutely loved you but then I also
ordered five copies to give to people
think even the paperback now are those
like fake ones or I just wasn't sure
they're kind of cut a little weird
around the corners and stuff too so I
wasn't really sure do you have one where
you could reach it I I know I don't I do
you know what though I did put them up
actually if you remember there was a
video made of me unboxing my loser think
book to that Lion King song oh yeah yeah
that was me okay so that was the
hardcover and then I have soft covers it
was well that I posted on Twitter anyway
here's the answer to your question the
the soft cover does not exist for the
United States but there's some kind of
bug on Amazon that allowed some people I
think we've we tried to close that hole
but it was just a bug that allowed
people to order from overseas something
they would not normally be able to get
on overseas by Amazon so I think you got
the probably the Indian subcontinent
copy because I did an experiment where I
tried to buy the softcover myself
knowing of course as the author that it
doesn't exist and to my surprise Amazon
accepted my offer for the product that
doesn't exist and mail to me and I got
it too or I was like they sent me a
product that I made that doesn't exist
meaning a version that doesn't exist and
I turned it over and said you know for
sale only in the was a indian
sub-continent or whatever it is that
there are different words for that
that's right so I just found it weird
cuz the way it was cut around the edges
it almost looked like it was something
was off about it and I was gonna
actually send it back because the whole
point of it was wanting to support you I
don't want it to go to some company out
and who knows where if you don't get
credit it was back and just get hard
endeavors so I'll give you the the
complete answer to that is that it helps
me most if Americans by the American
Heart cover book in the beginning
because that's what counts toward
bestseller lists and the less tough but
any any foreign country that also bought
the rights indirectly you know once we
paid through the advance and stuff that
could also be profit but less so I'm far
more helped by getting the hardcover if
you'd like to be supportive which I
appreciate very much but I can't I can't
help it if Amazon will sell you the
other one no bottle right so I will not
will not be buying those so just want to
make one last quick note here this is
the fourth time actually that I've had a
chance to speak to you and this makes me
further believe that this is really just
a simulation that we're in and that like
I'm creating this somehow because it
doesn't make any sense
it's just doesn't mind-blowing to me
yeah it's funny I've I've had that
experience myself recently where I've
interacted with a couple of presidential
candidates you know just by direct
message and of course you get a direct
message on Twitter it looks like every
other direct message except it's coming
from somebody you just watched on
television who literally might be in
control of the largest military that the
universe's ever has ever put together
and I think myself this doesn't feel
like it's real like I there are seven
billion people in the world I shouldn't
be talking to the ones I just saw on TV
it's just so you're having that business
this is how I feel right now
exactly so well enjoy you enjoy your
experience and have a great holiday
tomorrow all right Merry Christmas
take care I saw somebody else did lose
your thing make it to the New York Times
bestseller list the answer is yes on his
first week because we do a lot of
publicity
and as I expected it pulled off the list
you know once you're once you're not
doing your your press tour but there's a
lot of Christmas buying and it seems to
be selling briskly so we'll see you
should get back on the list I think all
right let's see who else we got here
Buckeye girl let's see if Buckeye girl
is really a girl or even a Buckeye
Buckeye girl can you hear me you are a
girl you are one did you have a question
for me I do
go ahead did I lose yourself I have an
18 year old nephew who's trying to find
his way in the world he has his GED and
is just wondering what's next where to
go well I have the answer the answer is
this read my book had a failed almost
anything and still win big just googled
my name on Amazon and and look for the
one that says had a fail and that is
written for somebody exactly his age
and exactly his situation and it's a
strategy for how to I don't know how to
get a foothold in the real world and the
the key thoughts there are building a
talent stack which means you start with
ever whatever talents you've developed
or have naturally and then you figure
out what you can add to that that would
make you special that turns out to be
the the secret to success because he may
not have any world-class extraordinary
talents but most of us don't but you
could add together some ordinary talents
and so you've got something special so
figure out what he likes to do and then
have him figure out what talents needed
to be added to that either by work
experience or taking a class at night or
study at home on his own whatever it
takes and go from there so if he
continues to build his talent stack
let's say he adds public speaking
see ads had a code maybe he adds
something about psychology hypnosis
selling marketing you know any one of
those things or lots of things we could
add depending on his interests and where
he lives and all that but that's the
book you should look at and then look at
his systems versus goals that's also in
the book talking about was something
that you can do every day that will make
you more valuable without having a
specific objective yet if you make
yourself more valuable valuable you make
yourself available to a lot of people
opportunities will appear now the good
thing is that the job market is so tight
that the odds of you know getting a good
position and working your way up are
really good no matter where you're
starting from right now so that's that's
my basic advice was that hopeful yes
thanks so much I really appreciate it
all right you're welcome have a great
holiday you too all right let's see who
else we got here I'm gonna go to I I
swear I act as though I'd know like what
I'm gonna get based on these profile
pictures but they don't really tell you
can you hear me
III miss the part which interview did
you like the most
yes you know I I've said that often yeah
you think that you think that being an
interviewer is easy you're just the one
asking the questions
and you think that the hard part is the
person who's being interviewed but James
alta sure is one of those people who
reverses that and when you see somebody
who was really good at it like really
really good at interviewing people as
genuine curiosity he had he had marked
up my book like completely he had notes
everywhere he was referring my books
back to points I'd made in previous
books he'd read two different books I
mean it was an amazing if you could give
an award I guess for being the
interviewer that was like an Academy
Award and I told them at the time you
know as soon as he was done I was sort
of blown away it was the best the best
interviewer performance
maybe I've ever seen it was one of the
best partly because he was interested
partly because he was so prepared and
partly because he's James Altucher and
he's just good at this stuff but thank
you thank you Morty I I have I have to
be honest that the only reason I don't
watch every episode of Rick and Morty is
I can't stand the one character who's
always drooling the the drool that's
always coming out of his his mouth
bothers me so much that I can't watch it
but if you change just that one tiny
little thing it's a tremendous show
thank you and Merry Christmas all right
let's go to forum beer forum here can
you hear me again did I
pronounce your name even close to
correctly you are getting better every
time so just like Alex this is my second
time on okay thank you very much
and just like everyone else I wanted to
thank you for being a pillar that's
literally holding this country together
right now
over the last two years so thank you so
much well you know on that point if you
don't mind I was going to talk about
this today that Twitter and social media
in general but I think mostly Twitter is
is really strange in the way it create
creates almost tribes or warlords it's
almost like there are intellectual
warlords I would say I love to use Mike
sort of itches my example from lots of
things because he fits in a lot of
categories to make a good example but
he's basically and I've never used this
term before so I haven't thought it
through but he's like an intellectual
warlord meaning that if somebody has a
message that's important he has the
ability in the platform to amplify it
and so ideas really are what turn it
into action so if you're the person who
controls people's ideas and they're
thinking well indirectly you control
their actions as well and so in a
non-military sense there there are these
groups or tribes with big followings
usually the blue check people who also
have interconnecting connections so
there are tribes that connect to other
tribes
I'd say my tribe connects to Mike
certain you know it's lots of
overlap etcetera so and I could list a
dozen other people but it does feel as
though the impact of those tribes you
know and it's not just the leader of the
tribe but rather the people within or
shaping the tribe at the same time it
does seem like the power of that is
tremendous and growing and not fully
recognized and so when you mentioned it
I thought it was worth calling out but
did you have a specific question yes
this is about your startup product
interface and the question I have is you
know on our phones we every week
will tells me I've been I use my phone
like 10 hours a day so always question
or thought about why the interface does
not allow people to opt-in to receive an
alert if they're not on the app they're
not online but somebody would like to
speak to them and it just comes through
and if I see it in dying I can just
respond and get connected we do have
that okay yet the I think the app has to
be active in the background but yeah you
would get an alert if somebody's trying
to reach you guarded okay sorry I'll
check it out I did my part I do not see
it must be there and I think is there
because you should be there but there's
also a scheduling feature that we've
added more recently so somebody could
actually schedule you and you'd get a
notification say yes or no and they can
schedule you for you know an hour from
now and you'd get the notification so
it's we have that for sure
great okay I think I need to relook at
the app I've not been there for a few
months we keep upgrade again so I hope
you like it
all right thank you take care all right
let's go to Deborah Deborah Deborah can
you hear me I can good morning and Merry
Christmas those of us that are not from
California could you give us your
perspective on Adam Schiff and you said
there was a person challenging him that
you thought you would support and what
are the odds that somebody could
actually beat him well so California is
a big place and I'm not in one of the
one of the areas that Adam Schiff yes
he's a Southern California guy I'm
Northern California so most even most of
the problems they hear about in
California you know my neighborhood
hasn't caught on fire we don't have
syringes on the sidewalks or
or homeless but where Schiff lives
apparently there's a lot and Jennifer
Barossa is running against them as an
independent so I've mentioned her and do
it can an independent win it's hard to
know apparently there are more
independence than there are either
Democrats by themselves and Republicans
by themselves in some places I think
this might be one so if you if you ask
me I would say Schiff seams vulnerable
even though it's a deeply Democratic
area that he's in he's been and been
there for a long time but I would think
after this year that whoever is the
competitor would attract a lot of
funding a lot of support there probably
would be more effort to get him out now
that at any time and I've offered to
help so and you might see there there's
at least there's at least a possibility
of another strong candidate coming in
there but I can't talk about that yet so
maybe you know it would be it would be a
tough ask to replace Adam Schiff in a
democratic place but I think he's the
most vulnerable Eve's ever been that
would be my guess well I saw the video
of his town-hall meeting he had in his
district where it just totally broke out
into chaos and his constituents or
somebody that just came to voice their
opinion but it was interesting anyway
well we're in the political election
season so you should expect that every
group has a troll or two in it so I
wouldn't make too much out of you know
chaos at events because everybody's
sending their their trolls to the other
events so you see a lot of that
everywhere I would think but thanks
thanks so much all right let's take
another I think we'll add Kim Kim can
you hear me hi Merry Christmas amazing
the
a question for me yes first of all I
have one statement than a question I
would love to see you on the 5
substituting for Greg Gutfeld sometime
what why why that in particular well I'd
like to see how you kind of go face to
face with Juan Williams and Dana Perino
seems a little skeptical of the
simultaneous sip so I'd like to see that
I think it would be very interesting to
watch well it's funny you say that
because I've noticed that the exact mix
of people on the show really makes a big
difference you know if they have if they
have the right people there it just it
just sings it's the best show on TV it
might be it's actually only one of the
few shows that actually record and but
if if they have fill-ins the fillings
can be tremendous individual talents and
certainly you know deserve to be on the
show but if you don't have the right
chemistry of the five people it just
doesn't it doesn't work the same and if
you notice that when all the regulars
are there the regulars plus they rotate
the the one chair now but if the four
regulars are there I mean it's just
always good it's just always good so I
would be hesitant to be any kind of a
stand-in on that show because it would
change the chemistry and even if I
thought I were you know amazing yeah I
don't
but even if I thought I would you know
was doing a great job it's all about the
chemistry so that that's the thing the
thing that they get right and I would
credit primarily Greg Gutfeld for being
I would say the I say the catalyst that
makes the chemical reaction work if
you've noticed that but anyway thank
thanks for the question could you
explain to me what went on with Bette
Midler a couple days ago on Twitter well
I don't know exactly I remember she did
some all
caps screaming tweets that other people
were joking she must have been on an
ambien because she didn't she didn't
look insane is that what you're talking
about
well yeah and she said don't believe
anything that's going to be put in
articles you know because it's all like
Russian deception I don't know about the
hex but it was on all caps and it looks
like I mean it's cheap I don't know what
the heck yeah you know you don't want to
diagnose people's mental health from a
distance but certainly you have to if
you just make an assumption about normal
people's lifestyles and who they are and
how they spend their week you have to
figure that some percentage of all
tweets are done under the influence of
some drug wouldn't you say some probably
something like 20% because people are
probably doing more tweeting at night
which is when they're drinking and
smoking and whatever else is doing and I
would not be surprised if 20% of all the
tweets you see coming from
celebrity-type people are under the
influence and and sometimes you look at
them and you say well I think there's
one and then you know they the next day
they're back to their normal tweeting
but that that one night it looked pretty
brutal
so there's definitely there should be a
tag that you can it should be like an
extra option when you tweet this says
I'm a little bit drunk right now
inebriated emoji so that later when
people dig these up to embarrass you you
can say well look look at the emoji I
was drunk Merry Christmas all right
let's do another one I'm having more fun
than you are so bear with me let's talk
to Jennifer Jennifer are you there
Merry Christmas
question yeah I do it ties in with what
you were talking about a little bit
earlier about you know valuing yourself
I I found an app it was really
interesting and it's called cameo and
authors celebrities actors can put
themselves on there and for a fee they
will record a short video of like a
birthday message to someone so I noticed
that you know Caitlyn Jenner lists
herself at $2,500 and won you know like
a kind of a minor actor will do it for
$50.00 and I was just wondering if you
had heard of that and and if you were
the sign up on there what would you
charge I haven't I don't believe I've
downloaded it or played with it yet and
it's funny you'd ask that question
because I've asked myself the same
question I would probably look at what
other people are charging and then I
would I would judge where where I rank
in the celebrity the celebrity ranking
and then I'd say well if I'm somewhere
in this area and then I would modify
that by how much time I wanted to spend
so if I didn't want to spend much time
on it I'd set it higher than the market
it looks like it could bear so I'd only
get a few who really cared about so what
did you notice anybody who's let's say
and you could be very general in this
anybody who is roughly at my level of
notoriety did you see what they charge
oh I was trying to think
well sporting example maybe Sean Spicer
it seemed like he was around a hundred
bucks you know something like that oh
I'm Way more than Sean Spicer yeah I was
gonna say that but that's how we did
reference yeah yeah and it was such an
interesting thing to stumble upon
yesterday and and there were celebrities
that were really popular kind of in the
70s that are sort of getting a new life
because of it and I don't know it was
just really really kind of an
interesting social
a statement about you know kind of what
we value you know or what we're willing
to pay for to have some celebrity say
our name you know briefly but it was
just kind of interesting to go through
that site and I think that people who
thought of it are geniuses I'm looking
at the comments going by so somebody
thinks 200 200 to 500 should be my price
somebody says a thousand a hundred to
four hundred I'm just looking at the you
know because it really depends on what
the market would bear right so what
people are saying in the comments
somebody says I'd paid 250 for 250 for
30 seconds other people saying well
there are people saying that I should
charge a thousand but people saying
they'd pay 250 so I think what people
would pay it would be closer to what it
would be anyway I might try that out at
some point but thank you thank you thank
you for the question well thanks for
having me Merry Christmas everybody
right Merry Christmas all right see who
else we got here it's time for George
Jordan Jordan you're coming at me coming
in hot Jordan how are you
wait what's just that what just happened
I think we had a technical crosstalk
there let's try it again
except I lost you sorry we'll try James
James are you there hey James Merry
Christmas do you have a question for me
Merry Christmas
yeah I just read I finished loser think
and there was a couple things I
disagreed with and I wondered if you two
want to talk about that sure go ahead
yeah well I guess the main thing was
when you were talking about friction and
I agree with the overall point about
friction but what I find is that like
for example when they did prohibition
right there they created friction by
making alcohol legal but it had an
unintended consequence of making more
organised crime so like friction I feel
like it works on the least motivated but
not on the ones that you really care
about like it won't stop a mass shooter
because the mass shooter will get a gun
they're very desperate and will get a
gun to do the horrible act no matter
what let me let me make the the
counterclaim how many mass shooters have
used fully automatic rifles as opposed
to semi-automatic in the last several
years well that's my point is that
they'll find another way to do it no no
but to my point let me let me finish the
point a fully automatic weapon most
people who know weapons would say well
that would be a far better tool to use
and you would kill more people if you
could use that so the shooters don't
have access to the best tool so they go
to the second best tool and they still
kill way too many people but it probably
is less than they would have done with
the better tool likewise likewise they
can't buy a bazooka and the bazooka or
the you know I don't get you can't get
your own tank or drone yourself so we
know that the friction the
the law puts on those bigger weapons
keeps people from using them so there's
no question that it reduces the number
of people who would use more powerful
weapons they just don't have access to
them would you disagree with that I do
but the problem is with with a
semi-automatic because you it's one
bullet one shot and you could be a lot
more precise so there's actually been
studies that said that semi automatics
can be more because because they they
don't run out of bullets as quickly
they're actually well well the you know
I'm no gun expert but here's the here's
the calculus if you walk into a place
that is let's say a crowded square and
people are sort of spread down a little
bit you probably like you said one shot
at a time is probably fine in fact a
handgun would get you there if it's a
small enough space but if you wanted to
go into a nightclub and I don't want to
be giving people ideas and you would
just wanted to you know shoot in 360
degrees around you because there's
plenty of targets then you want the one
that doesn't jam and the one that
doesn't jam is gonna be the fully
automatic weapon so you're right it
depends on the situation I don't want to
get people killing suggestions but it
does depend my point is that don't you
imagine that there's at least somewhere
in the country one potential mass
shooter who didn't have a good way to
get a fully automatic rifle maybe it was
a 16 year old who didn't have one in the
house maybe it was a 19 year old who
could have purchased one but didn't have
the money didn't want to maybe it was
somebody who was bad one day but it
would take a few weeks to get a gun and
by the time I got it they're not mad
anymore
so you don't know what didn't happened
it's impossible it's impossible to know
what you prevented because they even
those are the things that don't happen
by by definition you also don't know
about the unintended consequences like
in the example like it created more
organized crime like there'll be more
illegal selling of guns more mobs like
just like when they when there was
prohibition more resentment I think
because the more laws you create to
restrict people's rights the
resentful they become so it could
actually cause more but you you know you
you're not you're only focusing on one
variable so you don't see that oh no I
would I would agree that we must look at
that variable as well so we're in
complete agreement that you can't look
at just the friction you have to look at
the whole picture and part of the whole
picture is unintended consequences so I
think I'm fully on board with with that
point okay cool I got other things but I
know you got a caller so hi thanks and
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
Owen your book by the way the was it how
to fail at almost everything and still
one big was a big help to me I was able
to finish my album because I want to
thank you for that wow thanks that
that's that's great to hear
and congratulations alright thank you
alright let's do another one let's talk
to you Charlie Charlie come at me
Charlie Charlie Merry Christmas
oh good good good so I just wanted to
tell you that the Hat a fail book really
helped me as well
and I recommend it to everyone
especially college graduates when I
encounter them I always encourage them
to go by the book and even people that
are entering the workforce especially
early in their career I always recommend
it so thank you so much it really helped
me too well thank you
one of the things that I was thinking
about was probably a lot of it has to do
by like from listening to you is when I
heard the caller talking about the
paperback book that they received or a
loser thing and I was thinking how you
know the conspiracy can be that China
taking the revenge on you by
counterfeiting your book and the reality
is is that there was a bug on Amazon and
I just I just found that funny that I
think that way and part of that thinking
come from listening to you
and
and ask you was do you have any update
on when hub and the token and what are
you guys wanting to do
are there any future roadmap plans for
when hub and the token as well so we're
talking about that right now
so nothing to announce at the moment the
token the token lives on independent of
the entities the company because once
the token is created it just exists
forever and the the internet if you will
so they'll they'll never go to zero
unless nobody wants them so they'll
still be tradable etc but we're working
on some things we don't want to announce
at the moment but we're definitely
looking at roadmaps and what do you do
we're having trouble getting you we have
no trouble getting experts we got fifty
thousand experts to sign up on you know
right away practically but we have more
trouble getting people to connect with
them we don't know exactly why that is
but we're trying to figure it out and
figuring out in our next move because of
that so I will keep you all informed in
the new year but nothing to say on that
right now but thank you for asking
cool thank you and I actually used the
app to reach out to you once and I
successfully got you and you really
helped me out actually we spent some
time you really were super gracious with
your time and you gave me some
phenomenal phenomenal advice and a lot
of it had to do with like helping me
think differently and I took a lot of
that I took away from that a lot of new
ideas as well as the ideas that we
discussed them it really helped push my
agenda and solve some of my problems so
thank you and I look forward to continue
to use the app and and reaching out to
other expert wow that's that's great to
hear and I really appreciate that and
merry Christmas to you too happy holiday
I take care alright folks I think we've
done enough for today
happy holidays have an amazing Christmas
tomorrow I will join you in the morning
yes I will I'm not going to miss it just
because it's Christmas are you kidding
me
making Christmas Day Off that's not for
winners
I'm kidding the rest of you take your
day off but I'll join you anyway for the
simultaneous up and I'll see you
tomorrow