it's about time to do a show while all
those lazy podcasters are taking the
weekend off we don't do that
no
nope let's get
going we got
comments good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take a
chance on raising this experience to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper muger a
glass a tanker chel and Stein a canteen
jug a flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine end of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous zp
go oh so good looks like everything's
working this morning what a day what a
day well it's Saturday sometimes you
call it cat day and that means uh at
least today anyway that Owen Gregorian
will be doing his Afterparty on space
pieces so after the show if you're on X
go to the go to Owen gregorian's feed or
you should be able to find it um and you
can find coffee with Scott M's
Afterparty and I guess he's got a
special guest today Chris Acres who's
going to talk about Quantum
science that sounds like a good one all
right
um so there's a report that uh chat GPT
uh the new version version 4.5 which you
can only get at the highest level of
payment um apparently it's being called
persuasive so it would be the the first
AI that kind of crossed that boundary
into just not just answering questions
but being
persuasive and one tester called it uh
warm and intuitive and
natural and uh apparently it uh it's got
a personality and it's you know it shows
better judgment in creative and writing
and so it's basically more humanlike and
less machine they say so I have the
highest level
subscription so I fired it up and I
asked it one question and it lied to
me and it showed no human warmth no
persuasion ability and no ability to
answer a simple question do you know
what the simple question was are you
chat GPT 4.0 or are you
4.5 now keep in mind that at the top of
the screen I was using the app it said
4.5 I just selected it from the drop-
down menu so it says I'm 4.5 and then I
say are you 4.5 no no that's not really
available I'm
4.0 and I thought
it it's it's just no different so my own
experience was it I played with it for a
few minutes and all it is is a liar in a
box that that that's my summary of AI a
liar in a
box because it literally
hallucinates but also if it's anything
important it has to lie to you because
it's programmed to do that because there
there's no way that the real truths of
the universe or the way the world Works
can ever be revealed by AI so it's
basically a liar in a box but sometimes
it helps you write computer
code anyway I'm sure it'll get better in
the next version that next version is
going to be
amazing well the Department of Homeland
uh this story is funny if it's true
according to zero Edge the Department of
Homeland Security was uh doing some
bargaining with the TSA so they've got a
Union the uh TSA people the airport
Checkers and uh they ended the
collective bargaining after they found
out that there were more people in TSA
involved in the union the union than
there were in checking
bags so that literally their their
organization had more people just doing
you know BS Union stuff than actual work
administrative Union
stuff how is that even
possible how do you get to the point
where you have more people doing Union
related
work than actually checking bags at the
airport and and it makes me think all
right let me let me uh connect some dots
without doing any research at
all um okay okay uh it's a union it's a
Union is it more likely to be led by
Democrats or Republicans Democrats
Democrats they like the unions um so
it's more more likely a Democrat
organization and let's see it's run more
like Hunter
artwork I guess nobody saw that coming
now I'm very serious when I tell you
that it looks like 100% of all Democrat
Le organizations are just criminal
Enterprises if if you've got a if the
TSA was hired more people to not check
bags than to check
bags that's a criminal Enterprise
because nobody signed up for that like I
where does their funding come from are
they hiring all their relatives or
something how in the world do you get to
the point where you're spending more on
or you have more people working on the
union stuff than the
job Criminal
Enterprise meanwhile uh FEMA has fired
three supervisors that were part of that
problem where uh Trump supporting homes
were going to be
overlooked because they thought it might
be a problem if they knocked on the door
of a trump supporter so allegedly they
were uh skipping some Trump supporters
and three more supervisors who
apparently allowed that behavior knew
about it and allowed it according to the
New York Post have been fired now FEMA
so during the prior
Administration who was in charge of FEMA
oh that's right Democrats and were they
doing the job of FEMA or were they
moving some money over to let's say uh
housing migrants in five-star hotels and
overlooking the homes of uh Trump
supporters yeah
yeah now I don't know if that's a
criminal Enterprise but there is some
consistency with democrat-led
organizations now I'm not saying that
Republicans have never done anything bad
that's not that's not it at all I'm just
saying that on the Democrat side it
looks like
100% I think every um you know even even
the Democrats who were trying to save
the party uh part of their part of their
suggestion to other Democrats is to stop
pretending that cities are
okay cities aren't okay they're mostly
Democrat run and they're absolute
disasters and even the Democrats were
trying to save their own party or saying
okay we have to admit that all the
cities are disasters and their Democrat
run because if you can't do that the
city is the voters will say uh what's
going on you don't admit that the cities
are disasters we can all see it yeah the
cities are part of that
problem meanwhile the Trump organization
is suing a Capital One because that bank
allegedly closed a bunch of trump
related accounts after January 6
presumably because they didn't want to
be associated with it and they thought
maybe the maybe the tide of politics was
moving against Trump and uh they wanted
to get out of the out of the way of it
so they're getting sued because did they
have
cause had the Trump organization done
anything with their bank accounts that
would cause them to be closed absolutely
not they just closed them from political
reasons alleg the lawsuit so let me ask
you this do you think the heads of
Capital One the executives who
presumably had to sign off on this do
you think they were Democrats or
Republicans you know the answer uh uh
I'm going to say Democrats yeah
because this is at least on the surface
if the allegations are true I don't know
if it's a criminal act to debank
somebody for political reasons but it's
certainly an actionable one it looks
like uh the lawsuit may have some Merit
so we'll see where that goes meanwhile
um anti- EI activist Bobby Starbuck may
have another win here AT&T is dropping
its uh woke
policies and Starbuck was active in that
making that happen so they're going I
guess they had pronoun pins they were
asking people or or at least allowing
people to wear a pin on their shirt that
said what they
were can you believe or someday we're
going to look back on this and we're
going to laugh that people let to label
themselves for a while well there were a
few years kids when when people had to
label their gender because people just
couldn't tell couldn't tell by looking
at them so they're going to get rid of
that they canceled a bunch of Pride
programs they're unwinding their
Dei uh I'm not sure they're doing as
much as they say they are because
they're head of
Dei um oh and they're not doing
scholarships that are racist
anymore but their their Chief diversity
officer uh is now listed as vice
president of culture and inclusion to
which I say is that really going to be
different than
Dei so we'll we'll see if AT&T is
serious about this so far it looks good
I mean they did call out a very specific
set of things that they used to do that
they're not going to do so we'll see
might be a step in the right direction
meanwhile uh Trump Administration is
cutting 400 million in Grants to
Colombia
University according to Fox News because
there's a concern that Colombia has not
done enough to fight the anti-Semitism
on their campus now that would be
related to the
pramas um protests that are going on and
creating a culture where if you're a
Jewish student at Columbia apparently is
just frightening frightening to even be
on campus Because the level of bullying
and and uh essentially it's it's more
than just speech there's there's a
physical threat to it that's uh
completely
unacceptable and it's going to cost
Columbia University $400
million now I don't know how much it
cost to operate a university but I feel
like I could operate an entire
University on $400
million but that's the part they're
going to
lose so
wow anyway uh speaking of that uh also
the New York Post is reporting that the
us is going to yank the
Visas I love the word yank in in any
kind of headline they're going to yank
they're going to yank the first Visa so
it's just one person so far of a foreign
student who is linked to uh Hamas
supporting um disruptions on campus so
they actually found a pro Hamas
non-citizen who was part of these
protests and they just said well you're
going home just one yeah what we imagine
they might find more but that's one
goodbye I like that I like that that
they're sending him
home um here's another one that we don't
know what's behind it but you could kind
of speculate so you remember when mayor
Adams in New York was uh under all these
uh corruption charges and it looked like
it might be more political than legal
and you see the actual nature of the
charges and it was stuff like uh the
country of Turkey ask them for a totally
normal favor which was can you check on
our building it's not getting approved
for I don't know the fire department
hadn't approved it which to me is just
the job of a mayor somebody who's got an
interest in the city
says something's not working so they go
to the mayor and the mayor looks into it
that should be the way things work but
then there was oh but then turkey uh
rewarded him by upgrading his travel to
which I say that's also the most normal
thing in the world people getting their
travel upgraded okay and maybe you and I
don't get it but it's just so normal and
routine anyway so
the two of the prosecutors who were
after mayor Adams have been escorted out
of the building according to the New
York Times so the justice department uh
somehow has a beef with them and uh they
were immediately escorted out of the
building so I assume that means fired or
put on leave I don't know what that
means but the
implication is that maybe they were law
faring uh um Adams and that maybe the
prosecutors were the bad
guys we don't have evidence of that yet
uh we only have speculation but that's
what it looks like so would this be
another example of a Democrat Le
organization the New York prosecutors
that were closer to a criminal
organization than an actual legitimate
Enterprise that's what it looks like
we've got a pretty clear pattern
here uh meanwhile according to the
Hollywood
Reporter um Hollywood studios are buying
more ads on uh
X so Disney Warner Brothers bunch of
them uh I don't think it's a huge change
compared to what it was you know back
during the Twitter days so it's not like
everything's coming back but there's a
little movement to bring it back but
there's some controversy
because Elon Musk is you know embedded
with the government at the moment and
Elon Musk runs
acts and apparently there's some um some
thinking that one of the big um
advertising what would you call them
they're sort of a an advertising
organization that makes recommendations
and places ads on behalf of a number of
different entities uh called interpublic
but interpublic wants to get this big
merger done with some other Enterprise
that does something similar and it would
require government
approval so the
accusation is that hey maybe Elon Musk
is causing the government to maybe put a
little pressure on that merger maybe to
limit it or to deny it and uh the only
way they could get the merger might be
this is all speculation uh that uh if
they play along and advertise more on X
you maybe that would get them the merger
approval now there's no evidence
whatsoever that the government's
approval or disapproval of the merger
would have anything to do with what's
happening with X so who do you think is
pushing this attack against Elon Musk
well it includes Adam Schiff Elizabeth
Warren and uh Blumenthal
and a few other people I didn't
recognize now what do I always tell you
about the news if you know what is
happening you don't know anything you
have to know who's doing it if you know
who's doing it well you probably know
everything so now I told you this whole
thing that sounded quite reasonable
you're like yeah you know what that does
look like a conflict of interest you
know that that's something maybe we
should take a close look at because I
don't want Elon Musk to be using his
access to get any kind of conflict of
interest special treatment you know none
of us signed up for that so you know we
should watch for that because he has so
many so many connections to so many
parts of the government and so many
parts of Commerce that it's unavoidable
that there be some
overlap so we should you know make sure
we got some transparency and we're
looking at that uh but then you see that
Adam Schiff Elizabeth Warren and and
Blumenthal are the ones pushing this you
go oh the the three hoaxers you the
three most dominant hoaxers of the of
the entire Democrat Party so if the
three of them are involved yeah I don't
take it seriously at all that that is
the the strongest signal you could get
that it's
illegitimate because the legitimate
things get all the normal Democrats on
it too the illegitimate things it always
starts with these three cats
right you know and then how long before
uh well I guess they're Senators but uh
you'd expect you know swall well to be
in
there you basically all the worst of the
worst they get behind the things that
are the least
true well there's a story in the hill
and I guess other people reporting that
allegedly I wasn't in the room but
allegedly that uh musk and Rubio got
into some kind of a verbal confrontation
at a at a a
meeting and maybe must got into a verbal
confrontation with Duffy um on air
traffic controllers something about Dei
and
allegedly um allegedly Rubio and and
musk had strong words for each other and
and allegedly must didn't think that
Rubio was cutting enough out of
usaid and alleged the president stepped
in to defend Rubio because he's got an
enormous portfolio so here's where I
agree with Rubio Rubio's job is so
big oh my God so if you were just the
state department you know during these
times when there's a lot of State
Department stuff going on around the
world and then suddenly you have to
absorb usaid and also make all those
decisions about what to cut the the size
of Rubio's job now is just it's just
overwhelming I I can't imagine how any
human could even survive that at this
point but uh
certainly it makes sense that you'd see
some push Backs from all the uh cabinet
heads who don't want the they don't want
to lose control and they also want to
make sure the cuts make sense in their
cabinet so there's a natural tension
there um so Trump was was asked about it
and he just said uh you know some
reporter asked about it at a press event
he said there was no Clash I was there
you're just a troublemaker I said to the
reporter so who do you believe do you
believe that there was some tense
tenseness and some words or or do you
think Trump is right and says there was
no Clash I was there you're just a
troublemaker I'm going to say it's
somewhere in between meaning that a good
good
healthy government situation is where
you have really strong players and they
can be as honest as they need to be
especially behind closed doors so what I
heard was you got two
superstars I think Ruby is doing great
and mus is doing great there there's a
natural conflict i' say a natural
friction between you know the the Super
Cross cutting people who want to go deep
and a cabin person who wants to make
sure that the the cuts are smart so
that's a natural conversation you'd
expect those two people to go at it
pretty hard and if they do it
transparently and they do it in front of
other people and you know exactly what
they're thinking that's all good that's
all good you can't treat lions like
kittens if you put a bunch of lions in
the same room you're going to get a
little roaring right so if you want
Lions you get this there's nothing wrong
with it they they should push hard and
probably they're all you know they're
all capable enough smart enough
reasonable enough that they can get past
anything that looks like a little tiff
so I wouldn't worry about it at
all it could be it could be something
that normies would worry about but
normies are not Lions if you put lions
in the room you get a little roaring
that's just it that that's the end of
the story there's nothing else to say
so when Trump blows it off and says
there's no Clash I was there he's a
lion so so again the lions are not going
to see this as a problem this is just
them doing what they
do no problem uh so I guess I guess
Trump did
this kind of clever persuasion you know
how he likes to uh steal the weapon out
of the hands of the Democrats and flip
it around so I I guess he started saying
that the cabinet members uh get to make
the scalpel changes if they can if they
can't make deep enough Cuts with their
scalpel then he says well then elon's
going to have to make deeper cuts for
you so I like the way you set it up that
the cuts are the cuts are something that
are going to happen it's not yes or no
and cabinet you get the first choice and
take out your scalpel make sure you're
doing the ones you want but if it
doesn't go deep enough it's still going
to get
cut I love that that that is pure
leadership right there yes you go first
it's it's your job to go first if you
can't get it done here's what's going to
happen perfect I like it but it it
steals from the Democrats that are whole
oh why don't you use a scalpel because
they don't know anything about business
they just hear that little phrase
they're like yeah
yeah that sounds good I don't know
anything about business but I'm pretty
sure a scalpel is better than an axe so
they just repeat it and then the idiots
who watch TV who also don't know
anything about business are like yeah
yeah I don't know anything about
business but a scalpel sounds much
smarter than an axe right so Trump just
takes it he goes yeah we're going to do
the scalpel not the axe but everything's
exactly the same
that the fact that he uses those words
that that the cabinet heads will use the
scalpel first it didn't change anything
it just changed the words and it was
enough to take the weapon out of their
hands it's like what do you mean we're
going scalpel first we're all about the
scalpel you like the scalpel well I like
the scalpel more than you like the
scalpel I don't think you like the
scalpel enough oh we love the scalpel
scalpel it up come on guys get in there
with that scalpel we want to avoid that
axe oh no and don't get me started on
chainsaw we don't want any of that
unless we need
it it's kind of
perfect uh Charles Payne on Fox Business
is pointing out that uh there's a
shocking drop on consumer spending and
consumer plans to spend which is a big
deal for the economy and also a very
expected if food prices are up and gas
prices are up and people are trying to
figure out how to survive the inflation
and employment is not looking as strong
as it could be and AI is coming after us
you would expect that consumers would
adjust by spending less and sure enough
they are but two of the things that
they're talking about or three I guess
are restaurants Airlines and lodging so
Charles Payne was calling them out in
particular now why would restaurants
Airlines and
lodging go down first well it's the most
optional stuff so it's expensive and
it's optional so of course that goes
down first but I would like to offer a
second reason why those particular
things are going down they all
suck they all suck restaurants are
overpriced uh I don't don't think the
food is especially healthy um airlines
are a disaster I mean I I don't wouldn't
even go near an
airline was it Megan Kelly who said that
the TSA approved line was longer than
the regular line the pre-approved people
like the TSA is just a mess the airlines
themselves are at least 35y old
planes uh it's just you it's traffic
it's inconvenience it's hours in a
little
tube uh half the time they won't let you
use the
bathroom it's the first thing I cut out
of my life you know basically travel
just makes sense for women
if for some reason women just love
traveling and most men are like uh okay
I guess we're traveling now there are
men who love travel too but uh in my
experience they' like it a lot less than
women anyway to today's a dilber comic
for those of you who subscribe is
Dilbert trying to plan a
vacation and let's just say when Dilbert
tries to plan a vacation he runs into
all these problems that everything about
vacations are terrible so that's
happening right now so if you want to
watch Dilbert comics which have never
stopped since cancellation
you can subscribe on X or on locals
where you get some extra stuff as
well um
meanwhile watching the complete
dissolution of the Democrat Party never
gets old to me but uh represent Maxine
Waters is suggesting that Elon Musk
might have uh stolen the last election
by using his
he that somehow heed say high technology
ass that's maxini Waters language uh so
what was the EXA and we don't know
everything that Elon Musk has done with
his high technology ass water
set we don't know what he's been accused
of by some as it may relate to the
election but we're not going to give up
investigating and finding
out they're they're they're thinking use
Starling to change them votes or
something now here's what's great about
this story
um one hoax after another that supported
the Democrat tent they're all falling
apart here's another one so if Maxine
Waters is saying that we can't tell if
the election was
fair
uh that means that all the time they've
been saying if you doubt an election and
the TV says it's fair then you're some
kind of a traitorous
insurrectionist and here she is doing it
because she says you can't tell by
looking at it and this I'm paraphrasing
this is my own my own statement uh if
she can't tell by looking at the
election that it was fair how can
anybody else if she thinks that somebody
whether it's Elon Musk with his high
technology ass or could it be some other
person with their own high technology
ass because there are a lot of high
technology
asses two cheeks a piece that's a lot
so if they're accepting the idea that
you can't tell if an election is fair or
not because somebody might have used
their high technology ass to rig it and
not get
caught that's everything the Republicans
say that's that one of the biggest
hoaxes is that you can tell that
election was fair how what just by
looking at it is it because the glowing
box in your living room told you it was
fair so there for it's fair no if the
Democrats are releasing on this this the
biggest hoax to me the biggest hoax was
that you can tell an election is fair
they might be fair but we can't tell how
in the world do you know that somebody
didn't find a way to cheat and get away
with it that's not knowable the only
thing you know is that you don't know
you don't know what happened you only
know that you don't know what happened
so maxi Waters seems to have broken the
seal on that hoax and from now on
anybody says oh but that 2020 election
was good you could just say could you
talk to Maxine Waters because she thinks
you can't tell if an election's fair
just by looking at it because somebody
might have had a high technology
ass so I love
that so uh Democrats now have two pairs
to to uh to pursue Victory uh One path
would be to stay ridiculous and woke the
way they are which guarantees they lose
everything so they can stay ridiculous
and a woke and lose everything or they
can copy Republicans but do the theater
kid version where they just pretend to
be
Republicans and nobody in the world will
be surprised or or fooled by it like
wait a minute you're just saying
Republican stuff now
but the Republicans have been saying it
forever and they mean it because every
single Republican has meant it
forever they're not kidding but when the
Democrats do it they actually believe
that they could just send the theater
kids in and they could pretend to be
anything and that if you get the
messaging and the lines right and you
wear the right costumes that you too can
be as successful as
Republicans they're so far from
understanding how anything Works which
which is the main thing I always say
about Democrats they don't understand
how anything Works they don't understand
human
motivation they don't they don't
understand incentives they don't
understand you know the long-term effect
of anything they do they don't
understand business they don't
understand scalpel versus
chainsaws almost nothing just there's
not even the most basic understanding of
how anything works
anyway uh so uh Elon mus neurolink
company filed some trademarks on
telepathy uh and uh telekinesis which is
moving things with your mind now Emily
Mullen is writing about this in wired
now that doesn't mean that they can do
those things at the moment but I guess
Elon Musk has talked about uh people
with healthy brains at the moment
neuralink is being aimed at people with
specific disabilities that maybe
neuralink can can fix but eventually
Elon thinks that ordinary people will
have neuralink implanted in their brains
and might be able to just send thoughts
to equipment or to people directly now
I'm not sure I want that but it's a heck
of a Sci-Fi looking future so we'll see
where that goes uh meanwhile the the
idea that John Stewart and Elon Musk
will have an
interview is maybe a little lessened
because I guess musk recently called
John Stewart a very farle and a
propagandist um he said quote John is
too set in his ways he used to be more
bipartisan uh musk wrote over the
weekend in one of his follow-ups I guess
on
a and then uh Stuart responded on air
with you know you can imagine so I went
to chat
GPT liar in a box and I said uh can you
define propagandist for me like what
what would make somebody a
propagandist and some of the ways that
you would be a propagandist as opposed
to a fair judge of the news would be if
you omit the counter arguments so you
don't show the argument on the other
side if you're biased to one side
and if you use aemotion to
persuade so that was sort of the main
determin of a propagandist does that
does that sound like John Stewart does
he omit the Republican argument when he
talks about
stuff yes does he is he biased to one
side yeah obviously nobody's hiding it
and does he use emotion in in his case
humor to persuade yes he's very good at
it and by the way there's nothing wrong
with it if you're
transparent so this is not even a
criticism um does John Stewart not know
that he's a
propagandist is it possible he's not
aware of it or is it just a definition
thing um to me it seems like he fits the
definition perfectly now would I maybe
would Elon Musk the definition of a
propagandist I think so because he's
biased he leaves out their argument and
he uses em motion to
persuade so I think we're all
propagandists if we're in this at all
now I try when I know the argument on
the other side I try to include it but
I'd be I'd be lying if I said that I you
know do a great job of it so yeah I'm
I'm pretty
biased pretty biased so if you wanted to
call me a propagandist or anybody else
who does this it kind of fits kind of
fits all of us so I'd love to see them
talk I hope it
happens so we need a name for this hoax
this is one of the biggest Democrat
hoaxes the big Democrat hoax was that
there was no way Biden could close the
border unless Congress acted on some
kind of
legislation now you knew was not true
because we all knew that Trump had the
Border closed before and now we've
watched that Trump almost instantly
closed the Border again without any
legislation from Congress
now I was open to the idea that maybe
something had changed and maybe maybe
there was some new reason why the
president wouldn't be able to close a
border but I think Trump proved pretty
quickly yeah president can close a
border and he just did it
so we need a name for that that was one
of the most destructive hoaxes in the
country but it was a hoax and and hoax
is that they they know it's not true
it's not a hoax if they're just
wrong or or just ordinary lying this was
an organized oax because they all got
the memo to just say oh it's because of
the failed legislation that the
Republicans blocked that was never true
never true for a second and of course my
Democrat friend that I talk about all
the time he he went to that right away
oh nope nope you got to have that
legislation it's totally the Republicans
are blocking it for political
reasons nope it was always a
hoax well apparently uh Russia has
mounted some gigantic
missile uh and pl attack on Ukraine's
energy
infrastructure um and Poland even
scrambled some fighter jets because
there was such a big attack they thought
H maybe we should be a little prepared
in case there's some surprises there
were no
surprises but uh how do you take the
fact that Russia is doing a major attack
at exactly the time when people are
saying hey it's about time to talk we
should be negotiating
well apparently this happened only hours
after Trump had said in some Forum I
guess Trump said that the that Putin
wanted to end the war but that only
Trump knew the secret reason why Putin
had no
choice do you think there was a secret
reason that Putin had no choice and do
you think the fact that Trump said oh
yeah Putin wants to end this war and he
has no choice do you think that may have
caused him to launch one of his biggest
operations to show that he definitely
has a
choice I don't know don't know how long
it takes to plan one of these attacks
but certainly the timing makes you
wonder if he's doing it to to show some
Independence as in yeah I can do this
all day long so we can negotiate but
just remember it's up to me whether I
want to destroy all of Ukraine because I
can anytime I want I think that's what's
happening so I saw a post by
baji sasan who should you should all be
following um and he says the hoodies you
know in Yemen the hoodies are sending
missiles and drones out at ships and
making it impossible to navigate the Red
Sea there uh he says the hoodies beat
the US Navy at the Red Sea and that
basically it's over there was a war the
US tried hard to you know bomb the
hoodies to stop and it didn't work and
it won't work and the hoodies won so
apparently the hoodies are not attacking
Russian Iranian or Chinese
ships because they'll have some kind of
a connection through Iran so Iran is
backing the hoodies and Russia is
friendly with Iran and China is friendly
with Iran so it's just Western ships so
the Western ships are going to have to
spend I don't know 25% more to get to
their destinations and it's going to
take longer because it's too risky to be
a western ship in the in the Red Sea and
it doesn't look like there's anything we
can do about it because our military is
too weak and as bology pointed out uh
the the hoodies are using these $2,000
drones to take out ships and then we try
to beat them with $2
million uh
missiles that you know do something but
that doesn't stop them so we can't
really be sending $2 million per missile
against their $2,000
drones uh as long as they can you know
withstand the strikes we don't have any
defense so is that something that Trump
can
fix because if you're looking at what's
causing
inflation the enormous increase in
shipping costs because the Red Sea have
got to be a big part of it so
what could he do well Trump is he says
he's negotiating with Iran I I think
it's through backdoor
ways but in theory you could come up
with some kind of peace deal with Iran
that would prevent them from having
nuclear power but maybe also get them to
tell the hoodies to stop destroying the
redc now what would Iran get for that
like what did they get in return
uh we don't attack them we couldn't even
take out the
hoodies is Iran really worried about us
or not if we couldn't destroy the
hoodies um can we really do anything in
Iran now I know Iran's air support was
destroyed by Israel which in theory
means that you know Israel and the
United States could have its way with
Iran from the sky but it's not like they
don't have a million ways to you know
attack back cyber ways and every every
other thing terrorism so I don't know
um it it feels to me like Iran might not
want to make peace ever because they've
got China backing them they're friends
with with Russia maybe that's all they
need sell sell everything they can make
to
China um but as somebody named Ben tbu
warns
uh this whole negotiating with Iran
might be a trick meaning that Iran just
wants to buy time until they can build
their nuclear weapon so when it looks
like you're getting close to a deal with
Iran you probably aren't you're probably
just being faked out it's like oh yeah
oh yeah we we'll make a deal any minute
now any well no that's a problem we're
going to have to go negotiate that we'll
be back in a month so it looks like very
good possibility that if Iran is doing
anything that looks like negotiating
it's just fake and all they're doing is
buying time to build up their defenses
and make their
nuke um but Trump is signaling that a
nuclear deal could emerge in the near
future so we'll see is he being too
optimistic don't know I guess it depends
what's included in the negotiations if
if it's way more than just
Iran has nukes or Iran doesn't have
nukes there may be a much larger
conversation of you know more variables
in there so if they're more variables
maybe but if it's just yes no on nukes I
think they're just going to use the
negotiations as a stalling
tactic meanwhile according to the UPI
Mark Moran is writing that support for
Israel among Americans has dropped to
its lowest level in 25
years uh that being 46% of respondents
say they support Israel rather than
Palestine um at least in the current War
situation and of course Republicans are
far more likely to back Israel than
Democrats which is weird
because uh there are more Jewish
American Democrats than there are Jewish
American Republican
an and you got to you got to wonder
why you know are there that many
American Jewish Americans who don't
really care that much about how much
support Israel
gets I don't really know but it seems to
me odd that that things are lined up
that
way but you shouldn't be surprised that
support for Israel is currently a little
bit low because there's a hot war going
on and that's just sort of a natural
thing but there there thoughts that uh
Israel's
plan
um since they they haven't gotten the
hostages back and that looks like a
stalling thing too so as they as they
ramp up the pressure on Hamas they will
probably remove the citizens that they
allowed to return I don't know how
anybody returned like what what were
they doing to survive
none of the buildings even looked
habitable and everything looked
toxic I don't know how they returned but
some did so there might be hundreds of
thousands of people that they um
relocate and just empty Gaza out again
and then maybe they started attacking
and holding ground instead of just
attacking but you know really put in a a
force to hold the ground and I would say
that that's inevitable I don't think
there's any way around it you know the
in the long run which might come pretty
quickly what is Israel going to do the
only thing they even makees sense is
that they depopulate it because it's too
dangerous to live there anyway and then
they finish the job which will be you
know bad news for the families of the uh
hostages but they're kind of down to no
real other options so one of the things
that always amazes me about this
conflict is
that it's like Hamas has a plan to give
Israel everything in the long run it's
like well if we attack them on October
7th and then we take their hostages and
we don't give them back uh then they'll
be able to depopulate entire Gaza and
control it in the future
forever like they didn't see that coming
there was nobody in
Hamas who could figure out that the
logical outcome of October 7
was Israel would own Gaza
forever I figured it
out I'm pretty sure I was on to that on
day
one and it's not the first time that
Israel got bigger because their
neighbors got worse so there is a
pattern Israel gets bigger every time
there's some major attack against it so
um here's a
surprise apparently didn't you think
that Walmart
might be in a lot of trouble because
Amazon would eventually just eat their
business completely well it turns out
that Walmart is really good at executing
which is why they're Walmart Walmart
used to be one of the main things you'd
learn in business school as a just an
execution Excellence company so they
were really good in um managing their
their supplies managing their inventory
and getting it to the right place when
they needed it and stuff so really
nobody was ever better at
that but here's what's happened uh now
Walmart has so many stores and they have
really robust delivery service now that
uh that they can do same day delivery to
more than 90% of the country same day
delivery now I haven't tried
it but Walmart has you know
groceries uh they have all kinds of
stuff I mean Walmart has a extensive
list of things so anything that a
Walmart
has um for 90% of the country you could
get it delivered same day that is really
competitive with Amazon because I don't
know about you but the same day thing or
even you know Amazon's usually next day
but a few things are same day uh if I
looked on Amazon and it was uh it might
be tomorrow or the next day but Walmart
said I'll get it to you by 3:00 I think
I'd use Walmart every time depending on
the product now of course Walmart
doesn't have every product in the world
but they got a lot so I didn't see that
coming Walmart's actually being a
credible threat to Amazon at least for
the subset of the
business well you know I keep telling
you about uh the breakthroughs and in uh
energy things well there's this
breakthrough in high hydrogen to make
hydrogen uh that's 99% more
efficient 99% and they use iron as part
of the main catalyst to turn the uh I
guess turning water into um hydrogen so
you have to split things up I don't know
enough about the science but you have to
use uh some technique to uh as a
catalyst for the water
oxidation so here's the thing that
caught my attention uh it's 99% fadic
efficiency in aquous media that's right
yeah 99% fadic efficiency in aquous
media well I mean I would have guessed
98% so I was way off idiot
um so apparently if they can scale this
up um a 99% Improvement in efficiency
would make this
just it would make it just
wildly coste effective just wildly it
would be better than
anything so keep an eye on that one
we'll see if that does scale
up uh meanwhile in science alert says
that by 2050 3 and of five adults will
be classified as
overweight what in 2050 three and a five
adults will be classified as
overweight um
um you know what's wrong with
that have you walked out doors
recently three and a five adults are
already
overweight you can't you can't convince
me that three and a five are not already
overweight if you just walk
outside there are places where um it
seems like 100% of the people are
overweight now I'll give you that La
still has a bunch of skinny people right
maybe New York City too right there are
a few places where you do have some
skinny people but for most of the
country it's already three out of five
easily so we'll see about that uh but
here's the good
news there's never been a time when it
was easier to compete for
mates and for jobs and for
friends it's never been easier cuz if
all you did was just eat right and
exercise you would look like a superstar
on the dating apps like whoa look at
this non-fat person and same with jobs
you know the better you look it's not
fair but the better you look the more
likely you get hired more likely you'll
have friends so I don't know on one hand
it's terrible on the other hand it's
it's never been easier to be in the top
10% of whatever domain you want to be
in meanwhile according to the guardian
there's some new technology using gene
editing to keep your banana from turning
brown now I know a lot of you like your
bananas
brown but if you don't want your banana
to be
brown um you might get one of these
special made bananas with special jeans
that don't turn brown
you know it's a mixed sort of a mixed
bag there if they could make this sort
of thing work especially for other Foods
especially for avocados avocados are
pretty much a one and three situation
that work about two out of three of
avocados you just have to shake can
because they're like H that's all brown
um but imagine the Savings
in
food if you could just make sure that
your current food you're buying doesn't
go bad before you use it that'd be a
pretty big
deal I'd be worried it would turn me
into a fly or something but you know
that's it's worth it so your Banana's
not
brown um and then scientists have
created a super
skin uh it's basically a gel that you
can put on a wound like a
cut it'll heal 90% of cuts in four hours
and fully repair them in
24 that is so Star Trek and this already
exists so this is a real thing they'd
have to scale it up but it's a real
thing so imagine having a deep
cut and just putting this gel on it and
in 4 hours it's
healed that doesn't even sound real does
it now if this is real I'm going to put
it on my
banana keep it from going brown I don't
know if that's the way to play it but
I'm going to put my uh yeah healing gel
on my banana maybe if it's already Brown
it'll turn it back back to not
brown all right so those are my ideas
for the
future and I remind you that there's
going to be a Afterparty to
this in which Owen will be setting that
up any minute now over on X in the
spaces that's the audio audio part Audio
Only part of X so look for Owen
Gregorian and his special guest Chris
Acres we'll be talking about Quantum
science which I know will be very fun
all right uh I'm going to talk to the uh
locals people
privately um the rest of you thanks for
coming I hope you enjoy your Saturday
don't forget to change your clocks and
locals coming at you in 30 seconds for
the extra set
up
e
e e