looking
good golden age is off to a good
start but we got to show today today
today to do today it's going to be
amazing probably the best thing
ever let's get our comments
up and
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization welcome to the golden age
to and if you'd like to take your
experience up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need is a cuper muger
glass a tankered sheler Stein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope of being
here the day the thing makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go oh the golden aged goodness is just
seeping out of there it's in my pores
now people it's in my
pores did you know that an extra five
minutes of exercise a day or actually
just five minutes could lower your blood
pressure that's right you only need five
minutes a day I'm going to make yet
again another push for my idea of
Americans taking more walks after meals
could be after breakfast if you're
retired could be after lunch if you got
a little extra time could be after
dinner but I've been I've been using
this advice on myself probably every
other day I take a long walk and I feel
great every time I do
and the secret for me anyway is to walk
until it's you know challenging but not
you know not
exhausting and oh my goodness does it
just change your attitude you sleep
better you eat better you digest better
if I if I could convince you to do one
change in your life is just to get up
and put on some comfortable shoes and
take a short walk and the emphasis is on
short because when you take your walk
when you're done you should say to
yourself that was fun I feel great if
you don't say that was fun I feel great
then you probably went too long or maybe
not long enough but there's that sweet
spot where you don't work you don't kill
yourself but you're just putting a
little effort out there getting some sun
some fresh air go ahead try it try it
try it right away it's
amazing there's a study from Ohio State
University highlighting highlighting the
pervasiveness of inflammation in our
diet did you know that 60% of Americans
have what they call a pro-inflammatory
diet I've told you this story before but
for a number of years recently I thought
old age had caught up with me and now
everything hurts all the time so my
muscles hurt my seems like my joints
hurt things creaked and cracked and
everything was inflamed and I just
thought that's how it was and I saw an
interview on the street somebody some
influencer was asking people randomly
what's it like to be old and they would
go up to old people in the street and
say what's it like to be old and one of
them was a guy who probably wasn't much
different from my age and he said what's
it like to be old and the guy says well
honestly it's like losing a fight every
day he goes everything hurts all the
time and I was watching it and I thought
to myself wow true my entire body hurts
all the time I mean not a lot but like
every time I stood up every time I moved
you know I feel until it you know
loosened up a little and that was all
inflammation so I managed to get the
inflammation under control with
combination of diets and who knows what
but at the moment I don't have any and
my body feels like I'm
25 it's unfreaking believable that if
you are even at my age and you take the
inflammation out of your body you feel
like a teenager it's just the food the
food is killing us and here's
one thing that I want the um the RFK
Junior Trump Administration to at least
think
about would you not agree that it's been
a public service to have food labeled
with nutritional value yes or no now
some of you are you know
free free uh absolutists so You' say
Don't make me say something on my
product let the market figure it out but
I think most of us would say yeah I like
some truth and labeling you know it
shouldn't be legal to lie to me or to
sell me something unhealthy without me
knowing it so most of us would agree a
little little government intervention to
at least tells the
truth is on point but you know what
truth I want I want to know the
infation uh ratio I want a big number
right on the front of it like from 1 to
10 that tells me what it's going to do
to my
inflammation wouldn't you and I would
just ignore all the high inflammation
ones which is going to end up being a
lot of your junk Foods
anyway so that's what I want to
see all right I have a theme for
today the theme for today is oh my God
am I impressed by the founders of this
country who came up with a system some
250 years ago is in which they said if
we follow these rules and this
constitution even if things go terribly
off the rails we can pull it
back and I thought maybe that wasn't
true I felt until this last election
that maybe the slippery slope was just
nothing you could do anything about
things were going off the rails things
people were going crazy we were doing
things that were clearly not beneficial
for the country and actually existential
threats to the country and it didn't
look like there was a correcting
mechanism and then there
was and that's that's going to be my
theme today there was a correcting
mechanism in fact the correcting
mechanism was so
big it changed
everything and we'll we'll get into that
a little bit uh number one the judge in
Trump's hush money trial um it looks
like all the the lawfare against Trump
is going to be thrown out so did the
system solve the lawfare
problem it might have so we had this big
problem with lawfare that none of us
liked and if it had been
successful oh my God what then right
then we just become the country of
lawfare but it looks like it won't be
successful and so there again the you
know the monster got out of the cage but
250 years
ago um some people wrote a
constitution and it put the monster back
in the cage because we elected we
elected Trump and that fixed that
problem so all right that's a win win
for the
founders Jack Smith not so happy but uh
now I'm not entirely sure that everyone
of Trump's legal problems will go away
because there might be some you know
clever evil on the other side but at the
moment it looks like that's been
corrected and that was corrected by
here's the important point the majority
of
Voters that's the important part in fact
that's the biggest point today the
majority the majority of Voters fix that
that's how that's supposed to work
there's a mystery better you probably
heard this story somebody was betting
Millions uh many millions in the uh
Trump election and the one mystery
better allegedly from France but we're
not entirely sure about this story uh
allegedly won $50 million on
bets and the story and again there's a
there's a little question about whether
every part of the story is true but this
is what we think we know there was some
just investor person who was good with
numbers who made several large bets and
listen to these
bets he bet uh he bet that Trump would
win the presidency but also he bet that
he would win the popular
vote somebody bet millions that he would
bet he would win the popular vote and
also that he would win the swing states
of Pennsylvania Michigan and Wisconsin
all three and he won on every
bet do you know what was the basis for
his bets
guess what was the Insight he used to
win $50
million his Insight
was the polls are and they're
underestimating Trump's
popularity now I don't know if you
remember in
2016 when I was somewhat
famously predicting Trump would win and
I had an argument for it that made sense
to some people
but it didn't seem it seemed like a long
shot there were a number of people who
got back to me later who said they won
anything from $100,000 to a million
dollars because they bet based on
watching my H
periscopes that they they bet that Trump
was being under uh under
pulled so it's worked twice I don't know
if anybody lost money in 2020 probably
they did so I won't take credit for that
but apparently people betting against
the
pollsters has been a good
bet now we're still waiting to find out
you know what what's up with the poles
versus the actuals but of course that
that broke into two complete movies as
well so which movie are you in so
there's two movies running right now one
of them is that the poll said it would
be really really tight and and most of
the poll said it would be tight at the
end and then sure enough
uh we didn't know who was going to win
but it turned out you know Trump won but
it was within the margin of the polls
and therefore the polls were successful
that's one movie are you in that movie
that the polls were ultimately very
successful because they said it was
going to be super close and it was and
then there's the other movie that says
which one of the poll said that Trump
would win so hard that he would win in
the Senate he would win in the house and
he would effectively destroy the
Democratic party while you
watched who said that which pollsters
got that one
right so you can actually look at this
as two opposites it's it's literally the
same facts and you can interpret them as
opposites one well they said it'd be
close and it was close the other is they
said it'd be close and Republicans want
everything everything that mattered they
want even even the popular vote for
God's sakes so I don't know which of
those I'm going to accept yet but I
think I'm leaning toward the pollsters
were under polling Trump and that there
were some hidden people and I think they
were
men I think the people who weren't
talking to the pollsters were mostly men
and across all
types it it turns out it was n uh white
men it wasn't Hispanic men it wasn't
black
men or Asian-American men we we always
forget to throw in the asian-americans
because they they just quietly are
awesome all the time so they don't cause
many problems in the country they just
make money and pay taxes so they don't
get mentioned as often but should be but
should
be um yeah
well so um we think somebody made $50
million just betting against betting
against the fake news basically that was
really a bet it was a bet against the
fake news is what it was anyone $50
million betting against against the news
being real because remember it's not
just the
pollsters if if the polls were weird but
the people in the news were aware of it
then they would have reported it thusly
so it's really about against the fake
news not just the
Bulls how many of you heard or so on
social media that the number of votes
that KL Harris will ultimately get seems
to be 15 to 20 million votes short of
what uh Biden got and therefore
logically we have discovered that 2020
was a stolen election because where did
15 million voters go because we know
that they didn't stay home and the
answer is it's all although
that story is
 forget it don't
don't forward that one right don't
forward it unless you're forwarding it
as fake news all right the the reason
the 15 million-ish I think it's down to
14 are missing is that they literally
just haven't counted them
yet you know half of them are in
California it's just an ordinary so the
projected number of total voters will
look a lot like
2020 it's just that Trump got more of
them now does that mean that 2020 was n
rigged
well it depends what you call
rigging I guess it depends what you call
rigging now it could also be that you
would only need to rig a few key swing
States and you get everything you need
so it it doesn't necessarily mean that
20 million voters are missing it could
mean a 100,000 voters that didn't belong
got into the system so we can't say one
way or another whether the 2020 election
has been proven to be fraudulent or
not um I have my questions but I have uh
zero confirmed facts on that so I'm G to
try to kick off the Golden Age being
honest like I always try to do that but
you know I I think it's good to set the
standard so let me tell you people who
were watching this
we got taken you know I'm going to put
myself in that category even though I
didn't I didn't fall for that one but
I'm I'm in new team right we're in the
same team we got taken that was not real
that was fake news and it was feeding
into your it was feeding into what you
thought was true it was too on the
nose wouldn't that be a little too
simple oh there was 20 million votes
that were fake yeah a little too on the
nose so that one I didn't accept
um but I but I'm also
open-minded if if it turns out that the
final vote count is missing I don't know
five million voters I would certainly
take a look at that that that would get
my interest but at this point we do not
have evidence that 2020 was
cheated right it may have been and I
have my deep
suspicions but no evidence that I'm
aware of so
if we find some someday and I think
that's a possibility then we'll have
that conversation but at the moment
don't see
it um and by the way uh I
get I'm not sure if this is premature
yet this is probably premature but I had
predicted that Trump would get the most
votes so I'll give myself credit for the
prediction that he would get the most
votes now keep in mind I didn't say that
he would win just win the
um win the uh the election I said he
would win the popular
vote now that's the most
votes now I don't know how many people
were predicting he'd win the popular
vote but I did now I also predicted and
this part is either not going to be true
or not true yet I predicted that we
would not have a smooth confirmation
you know deal and that it would take
till the end of January to sort it out I
feel and how many of you have this
feeling the Democrats are too
quiet do you feel that do you feel that
the Democrats they're doing the usual
whining and complaining and finger
pointing but they're too quiet about
what they're going to do about the
situation they find themselves in as in
maybe they have a
plan and we're going to find out so I'm
not completely confident that we've got
smooth sailing through the you know
swearing in ceremony on January 20th so
I'm going to keep my prediction my
prediction has so far shown no evidence
of being true and and if it's not true
I'm going to uh actually congratulate
democrats for for some fair play which I
would appreciate a lot so let's keep
that one open I I'm still on full alert
that there might be some some tricks in
the bags that we don't know
about but I do think the fact that even
Democrats believe that Trump won the
majority is the mind of all mind
 and that whatever is happening in
Democrat brains today is got to be
severe and we'll talk about that a
little bit
more um here's another fake news how
many of you saw and I got taken in by
this one so this is my bad this is only
partially fake news so this is fake news
that is directionally accurate but I
think it's worth saying when when you
got taken all right so I'm going to
raise my hand we're in a world where
we're going to get taken by fakes and
RAR edits and you know Bad actors and if
you do what I do which is you repost a
lot of stuff stuff that looks
interesting you're going to get taken
all right so I feel like I should just
start right out and say like I'm going
to I'm going to fall in that puddle like
a lot so here's one I fell
into there's a video that seemed to show
Jake Tapper being amazed that there were
no counties in the country not a single
one in which uh Harris did better than
Biden it turns out that that was a
rootar and if you watched the whole
video there are in fact um I think
several dozen counties in which she did
better now that doesn't change the
general story it's still directionally
correct uh I guess it was another filter
that they weren't putting on it and if
you saw the other filter it's say like
58 counties she did better something
like that but that's 50 out 58 out of
thousands lots of counties so the the
message is exactly the same but when you
get taken by a ho
I feel like we have some responsibility
to the people who have been living in
what I call the hoax
oy like we need to model what it looks
like when you know you got taken by a
hoax you you got to show how to walk
yourself down from that that's got to be
routine that's got to be something
everybody learns to do it's like oh man
I I walk right into that total face
plant you know my bad
sorry so at least that would be a
healthy healthy situation well young
voters made up I'm loving all the stuff
we're finding from the the election
outcome it's just fascinating on so many
levels um so young voters made up 16% of
the electorates that's uh between 18 and
29 and it turns out that uh men between
the ages of 18 and 29 voted decisively
for
Trump
why why did
men break for Trump
well number one probably not worried
about bodily
autonomy so that wasn't an issue you
know abortion presumably weighs much you
know bigger in the minds of young women
and it should
um but I think the The Joe Rogan um Dana
White kind of a Elon
Musk um I'll even throw you know vake in
there there's a whole bunch of
manly positive manly things happening
Trump getting shot and jumping up and
yelling fight fight fight there are a
lot of things there that Trump does
right menlike
strength we like
leadership we like
certainty we like not to be talking
about your character and your
characteristics and your personality can
you tell me how much it's going to cost
me can you tell me how to fix this thing
can you keep me out of a war that is
just a stupid War so these are
everything that young men care about can
I get a job can I afford to live can I
pay for it's
everything
so I am really mad at my neighbor right
now for having agreed not to do loud
noises what I'm doing my live stream but
there's a bulldozer right under my
window or some kind of Earth moving
machine uh anyway I won't let that get
to me so here's a reframe I'm going to
give you before we have some fun talking
about all the people who are sad because
Trump won we're going to talk about all
the you the late night hosts were all
crying and choked up and life was ending
for them and they were despondent and
Jimmy Kimmel was beside himself and B
Midler she she canceled her X account
after this and
[Music]
Barbara strand just doesn't have the
words she's so feeling so bad and here's
what I
think I I think we need a
reframe I don't know that this one will
work but maybe for some of your family
members it might it goes like this you
go into a political event and you say to
yourself uh I want the character with
the best
policies but then somebody else says
okay okay you know you might like his
policies or her policies but what about
their character their personality what
about their values you can't really have
that kind of a leader now that's the
frame that we were living under I like
his policies because everybody agreed
the polls were very clear that on
economics and the border and even War I
think Trump was
preferred so if you were going to argue
policy you probably would to Trump so is
it a surprise that men went for Trump
when policy was the main appeal no no
because men can quite easily work with
men that they can't stand we don't
really have a problem with
that do women know that are women aware
that men can work productively with men
they don't like at all it doesn't even
bother us because when I see men with
whatever problems they have you whatever
character faults I usually just see my
own
you know I'm I'm like well I'm I'm like
one degree away from being like that so
we don't really judge other men and we
can kind of work with them so if you got
a good policy if you're a plumber I'm
not going to ask you who you voted for
you know just fix my pipes okay now
women apparently were a little more
drawn to the character frame you can't
have somebody who's somebody else says
is a fascist you can't have somebody who
somebody else says is going to round up
the LGBT ptq and put him in camps now
none of that's true but it became you
know part of the story that Trump had
the character he was going to be the the
strong man Hitler kind of person so we
allowed as a as a public we sort of
passively allowed two frames to pop up
one was can you handle his character and
then you had to say stuff like well I
don't like all of his social media posts
like it just became a thing you had to
say that uh I I do like closing the
borders but but I don't like everything
he says some of the ways he says it all
right so we had to do
that I would submit that these are the
wrong
frames and if you fall into these frames
you have a world of continuous
disunity I would suggest I don't think
we're there yet but there is an
Awakening that's happening that's
unmistaken able and part of that
Awakening is that the pro Democrat part
of the country woke up to find
out they're
not the
majority imagine waking up to that the
the single number one thing that
Democrats were sure about is that there
were more of them than there were of
those damn
disgusting Mega people so as long as
they were in the the the goodly you know
the angels of the majority they could
feel pretty confident that they had the
right take and it's always the the
criminals are always the minority right
it's like H the people they're rapists
they're the minority thank God they're a
minority so as long as you were in the
majority and you felt that majority and
every time you turned on the TV the news
was talking your talk and you turn on
The Late Night show and Jimmy Kimmel's
talking right to you just like you think
and you think well all of my good people
are saying that I'm a good
person and so that's got to be
true and then you woke up to find out
that more than half of the people who
voted think that none of that's
true that you live in a world of I call
it the
hoaxy it's actually an artificial
reality that's built up by the
propaganda
brainwashing regimes let's say the
brainwashing industrial complex of the
news plus the people who pay the news
you know the farmers and
Etc and so here's the frame that we
should be entering I don't know if we're
ready but if ever there was a time we'd
be ready it'd be just about now and it's
because of this surprising election
result and because it changed people's
opinion of what the majority looks like
here's the
reframe it's not about policies or
character it's about
brainwashing those who came out of the
brainwashing joined Trump you saw it a
bunch of times you saw the you saw the
bill aan saying I thought the fine
people hoax was real and as soon as I
found out that it wasn't real that
opened up all suddenly it was like a
door open and I realized the other stuff
wasn't real either
it Sean Maguire do I have the right name
another Silicon Valley investor same
thing so the fine people hoax said wait
a minute everybody said that was
true
everybody that they were watching and
when they found out that was a lie and
Not only was it a lie it was a lie that
was most easily
debunked all he had to do is play
another 15 seconds of video that's it
and not any of the mainstream video none
of the mainstream did it now you you
might know that for years I've been
saying that the fine people hoax is the
tent pole hoax it's the way out now I
saw this years ago this is this is where
hypnosis training helps you out you can
kind of see around corners I knew that
if you could take down the tent pole you
know the the main pole that's holding up
the tent that all the little poles would
just fall you just had to get rid of the
big one and and that's what happened for
some prominent people
um
so if you understand that the correct
frame is that uh we're under a
brainwashing
regime and if you can escape the
brainwashing you're likely to vote for
Trump and if you can't escape the
brainwashing you're likely to vote for
whatever Democrat they put because the
fact that they could trade
out Biden and put in
Harris I mean they they don't they're
not the same at all and the fact that
they could just flip out one and flip in
the other tells you that the Democrats
are a machine you're not really voting
for a character or a policy and that
you're in a
brainwashing
environment if you can make your your
relatives understand that you won't talk
about policy or character but you would
be happy to talk about what things in
the news are true or false
that might be way out and if you can at
least convince them that the fine people
hoax was a hoax you should say from that
I promise you that I'm not evil I
promise you that you've been brainwashed
now here's the problem when you tell
somebody they've been brainwashed how
does that go have you ever tried to do
that I do that a lot so far 0%
success it's never worked like and I'm
good at it right literally I'm a train
Persuader I can't do
it you cannot tell somebody they're
brainwashed you also cannot tell people
that they're experiencing cognitive
dissonance because cognitive dissonance
and brainwashing are the things that are
telling you that the outside voices are
wrong so you can't really penetrate that
they have to discover it
themselves so you have to give them the
space that is sort of like managing a
boss those of you have worked for big
companies you know how to do this your
boss wants to automatically disagree
with you so you try to make it look like
the boss's idea oh that's a good idea
you had there boss even though two weeks
ago it was your idea so you may have to
get your the people you're trying to
un-brainwash if you say you are
brainwashed I will un-brainwash you now
nope no chance that's going to work you
say instead all right I make you a
deal if if I can if if I can debunk one
hoax that you thought was true will you
be open to the idea that you're in a
environment of
hoaxes we'll only look at
one you can do the rest on your own but
we'll just do one and I'd say go to
American
debunks uh American debunks dcom is s on
it or American debunk dcom damn it I
wish I could remember if there's an s on
debunk but you'll find it either way
it's American debunk or debunks
docomo them to the Fine people Oaks and
just say do me a
favor if you're panicked just look at
this one hoax once you understand how
that was done you'll understand how the
other ones were done as well and you'll
see that there's nothing that they can
put on the screen that isn't ridiculous
that they can't make you believe so you
should never leave the brainwashing
frame don't let them get into character
don't let them even get into
policy just say why is it do you think
you believe that and why do you think
that the majority of the country doesn't
see Godzilla coming or whatever they
think Trump
is well all right so uh the reframe is
it's
brainwashing um I saw some interviews on
the street with older educated white
women what they thought about Trump
getting elected and they are just
destroyed because they all believe they
actually believe that he's going to
steal their democracy and their uh and
their bodily autonomy now I think Trump
did a terrible job on the bodily
autonomy
argument he had he had
a he had a super highway to the you know
right through it which is to say there
are more women in the states and it'll
take a little while but you'll get
exactly what you want and uh we took the
men in the Supreme Court out of it
completely I took myself out of it we
took the federal government out of it
and you can figure it out now one of the
things
that
um uh I think that we have to uh give
some credit though to the Republican
strategy of overturning R Wade when that
happened did you not say to yourself oh
oh no Republicans can ever win
another election how many of you said
that to
yourselves oh no there's no way you're
going to get past this there's no way
the women in America collectively are
going to let that
stand and then did you see what happened
in the election there were a few States
that had um abortion issues on the
ballot so you could vote you know for
more permissive or abortion at the same
time there was a presidential election
so there were cases where the state
would say yes on Trump but also yes on
more abortion more abortion
rights that means that the Republicans
did what Republicans
do God I love this Republicans knew that
if they got rid of row they would take a
gut punch for about at least two years
and maybe longer
that that they would be kind of not
competitive for a while it would take a
while for people to understand that the
states were in fact adjusting as was the
plan it was a short-term
investment for long-term complete
dominance they had to get they had to
get abortion off of forever the uh
federal election conversation and they
did they did because now that you see
that two states could vote for Trump at
the same time they could vote to have
more abortion rights and you know that
Trump is very firm on he's he doesn't
want a national ban because that would
get you right back to the same problem
you had before a political problem if
nothing else then you see the genius of
it now at the time I was
optimistic that once the the Rover's way
thing worked its way through the system
and the state started adjusting to
whatever what the state wanted
that it would take the issue away but
wow did it
work so you know if you trust
Instinct and you look at you know
Trump's instinct to take a run at
that I
that who whatever Republicans could see
past that Horizon and could see that
that was that that was a long-term good
that's who I want in charge like that's
the kind of brains I want running stuff
I want somebody to say you know what
we're going to suck we're just going to
just going to take it hard for a few
years but if we get through this we're
going to be a much better place and
that's what happened the Republicans
took it in the chops Trump lost in
2020 and then they came back
stronger strongest they've ever
been
so every time you don't want to trust
Trump's
hunches I would just ask you to look at
the track
record he is a hunch master I mean his
his hunches and just the way he reads a
room is really unparalleled I don't
think we've ever seen it in modern
politics
anyway so the older white women think
we're going to enter a period of fascism
and
authoritarianism the the examples given
on the street the random interview
people are that uh children will be
denied books if it includes stuff about
trans that was one of the things they
were panicked about that young children
would be denied explicit books about
being gay and
trans little kids like that was a top
issue and I'm thinking what is wrong
with
you what's wrong with you that that's
your top issue how's that getting the
top
two and then uh the bodily autonomy one
I think is just framed wrong you know
once the states start giving women what
the women in those States want they're
fine and and here's something that I'm
so dumb I didn't realize because I
thought I thought abortion would be a
bigger factor and I say okay let's say
you're a woman in California and you
really really care about
abortion but you already have
it so
I mean are you going to vote for
somebody else's rights how many people
in California are like yeah let's give
those missourians more
rights
nobody and then if you're in Missouri
I'm just picking a random State uh or
let's say you're in some you're some
state where abortion is
restricted well it's probably restricted
because most of the people in that state
like it that
way so we got this weird situation where
the people in the states probably had
something like exactly what they wanted
or at least what their state wanted
collectively and it was hard to get mad
about that oh we have what we want in my
state but I'm really mad about Rhode
Island and it's just hard to get bad
about another
state all right Trump won Latino
men
what
what Trump won he didn't just do better
like you expect that story he did better
than somebody else did he outright
won Latino
men he
won
now who who is it who's been telling you
for now several years that whatever you
think about the Hispanic Community
coming in if you're not if you don't
have the the good luck to be associated
with them closely you would not know
that they're all born Republicans
they're all Republicans they don't know
it they may not have ever heard that
word they might not even speak English
but they're Republicans right they like
their family they like hard work like
work they like uh
providing they like their God they want
their government to leave them
alone bring them
in so yes of course it was the men uh in
that group not surprised
and he wanton a handly oh my God now
there's a change we're not going back
from
that so I'd like to also say this this
would be the right time to say that the
worry that we've had about the uh
illegal migrant well migrants many of
them are legal um the migrants coming in
and changing the vote doesn't look like
it
happened would you agree does it look
like we had
any any abuse of the system from the
incoming people I haven't heard it now
keep in mind when people said they were
worried about illegal voting sometimes
they were worried about the actual
noncitizens voting but I think we all
knew that wasn't going to be a big
number we were more worried that
somebody was farming their ballots so
that they could you know put them in all
all at once as far as I can tell that
didn't happen and I think that we don't
know why that didn't happen one reason
it didn't happen could be it's never
happened it's possible it's possible
that nobody has ever try to collect the
ballots up of non-citizens in case they
had ballots uh it's possible I wouldn't
know one way or the
other it's also possible and I'd say a
little more possible that the uh good
work of uh Watley and Trump Laura Trump
in this case to make sure that there
were a billion uh lawyers standing on
every corner looking at every everything
that happened maybe that was the reason
maybe that was the reason but we'll
never know which is sort of annoying I'd
like to know if I was completely wrong
about that risk now but there's the
short term and the long term the short
term is you're worried about ballot
farming of ballots that shouldn't even
exist but in the long run you're worried
that the settlement of the N the
newcomers will change the long-term
character of the area or or in the short
run could change the census which could
change how much representation they have
but I would look at this election and
look at Trump winning Latino men and I
would say the following how about having
some policies that work for
everybody you're not going to worry
about getting elected if you got some
policies that every Common Sense person
says yeah you do have to close that
border and they
did
um let's talk about some of the
characters having a hard time with
it Howard Stern thinks that uh the real
story might be the comm's one because
behind closed doors he hears men say
things that you know you don't hear
about how men won't back a
woman may I um can I have permission
from Men
men uh I'm going to ask for permission
do you mind if I tell uh the women who
are
watching um some secrets about what
happens behind closed doors when men are
talking you okay with that everybody men
because we don't you know we have sort
of an Unwritten code that if it's manto
man it's behind closed doors you got of
keep it there there is a man code but I
feel that uh Howard Stern is is breaking
the man
code Howard Stern you're not supposed to
tell anybody what men say behind closed
doors so first of all you're kicked out
of the man Club you're
out and now I'm going to do the same
thing but I'm doing it just to correct
this so I'm I'm a
correcting mechanism do men behind
closed doors say things such as my God I
don't want a woman to be a
president yes
yes they do yep yep they'll say it on
social media too yep yep so that part's
true but is there something left
off there is something left off let me
explain men for
you women this is everything you need to
know about
men yeah we don't want a woman who is
the leader unless she's really good and
then
fine if you leave that part out it all
sounds different right you you show me
you show me a strong leader who just
happens to be female do you think I'm
really going to have a problem with that
do you think even the people in the room
who said I'd never vote for a woman if
they had you know some super if they had
the Trump of women you just imagine
there's a trump of
women which there is you know in other
places would I vote for the Trump of
women sure AB absolutely would would the
men who said no I don't want a woman in
charge would they vote for the Trump of
women yes they would right so that's
that's the secret from behind the door
of men men want things to
work
mostly if you said it's a blank slate
everybody's equal you know then their
prejudices come out but if you say do
you want uh tulsey gabard to run your
military or KL Harris
well now everything's clear you right
you can say oh I want the one I trust
the one who has you know the the track
record that I
like so yes behind closed doors people
will say every racist sexist thing you
could ever
imagine but we don't we also don't take
it too seriously if you show
me um you know Byron Donald's I say my
God that guy is really talented I could
see him as my next
president but is somebody going to say
something behind a closed door that that
I would find repugnant of course men
will say repugnant things behind closed
doors but when it comes down to what
makes sense we almost always go with
what makes sense right so uh let me give
you an example um probably most
Democrats think that um Republicans are
anti-lgbtq Q wouldn't you say Democrats
think that Republicans are
anti-lgbtq but they also don't watch our
news so they don't see that Scott
presler is being held up as like the
icon of the the perfect
Republican happens to be gay did anybody
complain to you about that behind any
closed doors men men have you've been
behind any closed doors where somebody
said oh Scott presler can't get people
to vote he's gay no not a single person
said that not once not anywhere they
said what's this guy doing he's he's
getting people to register to vote he's
succeeding and he wants to do more he
wants to make America great he likes the
ideas of the Republican candidates he
likes Trump we're done
here we're done here yeah anything else
you want to say not
interested Rick grenell is being one of
the names kicked around for State
Department is there even any one person
Republican behind the closed door who is
ever going to say oh Rick grenell is the
wrong person for that job because he's
gay no probably never probably exactly
zero times right so if you don't
understand this this basic character
about Republicans and conservatives
you're really living in a scary world
because the way they talk doesn't match
the way they
act the way they act is performance
performance
performance if if if you've got the
goods you got the job and that is every
conservative I've ever met no exception
if you got the goods you got the job
period that's it and I've never seen
anybody disagree with that statement and
look in the comments right you'll see
Zero disagree ment in the comments but
behind closed doors sure we'll say
anything behind closed doors because you
know when men are talking to Men Behind
Closed Doors we're often attracted to
whatever is the most inappropriate thing
to say so you have to understand that
saying the most inappropriate thing is
just part of It's Entertainment if it's
just manto
man James Carville says that the
Democrats are going to have to fill the
vacuum left in the party after Trump's
win because the Democrats are he says
listless and lacking
leadership um Eric gonti's post on this
I saw on X where do Democrats go from
here we need a leader there's no Nancy
Pelosi there's not an identifiable
opposition
leader well ladies and
gentlemen it's my
time you laughed when I when I
registered as a Democrat just to say off
any kill
this but uh Who's laughing now yeah
who's laughing now so I plan to announce
my run for president of the United
States in
2028 uh I promise to lose to whoever the
Republican candidate is so you're
welcome no I'm not going to run for
office that'd be crazy but I do agree
that the Democrats don't have anything
that looks like leadership and I don't
believe that they have any leaders
who can even say things like it's not
about character because they've got you
know the this scaredy cat leaders oh I'm
scared of the fascist that's not going
to
fly I I think we're never going to elect
one of those again or at least not in a
while so who do you have who's uh who
who is the um is it Dean Phillips Dean
Phillips is the one who was running he
he was trying to run against Biden for a
while I saw Dean Phillips just give an
interview on TV now he's a Democrat and
so probably I would not agree with all
of his policies but I'm listening to him
talk and I'm thinking hey you're talking
about all the important
stuff and wait a minute I'm not hearing
any hoaxes he didn't have any hoaxes he
just talked about what's important and
what we should do and there were no
hoaxes and there was no like weird
character things oh the character oh the
fascist and I thought to myself America
could back that
guy America could totally back that guy
you you'd have to hear a lot more about
everything else but um the Democrats do
have some reasonable smart patriotic
people we'll see if the way they're
organized they can lift them to the top
it didn't work in his case but I think
they've got a machine
problem um Trump so completely destroyed
whatever the Republican Party used to be
that he didn't have a machine problem
this time because he is the machine but
they've got a machine problem the whole
the whole system of who's in charge and
who talks to who and how they make the
decisions and so it looks like they've
uh gutted the whole uh Obama wing of the
Democrat
Party so there's
that
um the the Democrats being the party
that
uh hate
everybody they're starting to hate
themselves and they're trying to come up
with all their best reasons for why they
lost so here are the ones that are that
are bubbling to the top and if there's
one thing I can teach you about multiple
explanations for
things Whenever there are a lot of
explanations for one
event it usually means nobody knows what
happened when there is one
explanation well maybe that's the right
explanation but when you have 10
explanations for the thing you saw
nobody knows what's going on so here are
the some of the things that uh Harris
lost because she had only 107 days to
prepare and you can't expect anybody to
prepare that fast come
on
seriously are you telling me that the
vice president the sitting vice
president was not willing and able to
walk in front of any audience at the
drop of a pin and give a smart sounding
interview or
debate on their topics can you tell me
that JD Vance couldn't have pulled that
off in 170 days JD Vance would have been
on CNN within eight hours of being
getting the Peck and and Harris was so
incompetent they they had to hide her no
the 170 days that doesn't apply to
qualified people
all all they had to do is have somebody
qualified that maybe had some track
record as well and they would have been
fine because remember they were running
against Trump they only had to put up
somebody who could breathe and talk and
not sound like an idiot and they failed
to find somebody who could breathe and
talk and not sound like an idiot they
literally couldn't find somebody who
didn't sound like an
idiot how does that have anything to do
with 107 days like if we gave her 200
days was she not going to be an idiot
was her was her brain to grow in and so
no the 170 days I I
reject they also say it's because wal
was a weak
choice no it
wasn't now you might you might argue
that maybe it could have made a
difference in
Pennsylvania
maybe but I don't think anybody voted
for or against
walls I don't really think so you you
could argue the Pennsylvania Ben Shapiro
thing
but not that wals was just too weak in
general he seemed to be exactly what
Democrats wanted and there weren't any
Republicans who were going to vote for
the vice
president um some say that Harris didn't
say enough about her economic policies
some say she didn't put enough distance
between her and Biden um and of course
there's the sexism thing Howard Stern
and others say other Democrats were
saying why was our polling so
off now imagine way up and realizing
that polling is not
real you're not in the
majority and that the majority of the
people didn't believe any of the hoaxes
about
Trump imagine waking up into that
reality where you thought the news was
real you thought the polls were
legitimate and you thought Trump was a
monster that everybody could see
clearly and then you wake up and you
find out the majority don't see him as a
monster they prefer
him that's got to be really a mind
I mean there there must be people who
just don't even know like what reality
they're in when they wake up and the
problem is that they've been in a
hooc and theyve just saw the corners of
it like a little little light got
through and they're like wait a minute
that little light that got through into
my darkened
hoaxy it doesn't make sense how could
there be this little little light that
through and then everything falls
apart even Bernie Sanders is tough on
the Democrats he said said it should
come as no surprise that a Democratic
party which has abandoned workingclass
people would find that the working class
has abandoned them well said bar Bernie
uh he said also on a post on on on X
while the Democratic Leadership defends
the status quo the American people are
angry and want change and they're right
Sanders added
and they're
right did Sanders just endorsed
Trump did
he because that got pretty close didn't
it you know what's interesting is that
you know Trump is called Bernie crazy
Bernie and stuff but Trump has also
defended Bernie against the Democrats
you know their their manipulations to
keep him off the ballot so it makes me
wonder if on some level because Bernie
is a populist and Trump is a
populist do you think on some
level that they appreciate each other or
respect I'm going to say respect that's
a better word I feel like there's some
bit of respect there because what Bernie
is saying is that Trump listened to the
people and then he got elected and the
Democrats didn't listen to the the
working class and lost and that uh and
that the people are right
so I think he's just saying that the
people who backed
Trump are
right that's so close to an endorsement
now obviously it's not an endorsement
but it's a certainly a good sign you
know if you're looking for a country
that has some some hope of coming
together I appreciate this Bernie
Sanders thank
you um of course Laurence oon also is
trying for the uh
the that kamla lost because men do not
yet believe in full equality for women
really Lawrence
O'Donnell where where exactly are you
getting this information from here's
what I know in the reality I live in so
here's my
movie if you're running for office and
you're a woman you've got an
advantage if you're running for office
and you're black you've got an advantage
if you're running for office and you're
black and you're a woman you've got two
advantages do you see the pattern I'm
developing here for every person who
does say I'm not going to vote for
somebody in this other
category there are three people who say
I'm going to vote for them because
they're in the category and not only
because they're also in the category but
some people like me when Obama was
running I saidou know it'd be great to
get somebody in that category like just
let's get past it I thought it was good
for the country it still is good for the
country uh I don't I don't like him as a
person anymore because he's still
pushing to find people hoax so his wife
has the um that's that's my deal if
you haven't heard it yet as long as
Obama says the fine people hoax is real
then I say his wife has a neither
of them are
real but let's just keep it even right
 find people Oaks we'll just
we'll just call it a tie and move
on but even I thought that Obama as a
president was a good idea for the
country because then we could say oh
okay you know we can get out of our
little box a little bit and and things
will work out fine um so no there's no
such thing in America as you're less
likely to get elected because you're a
woman or you're black uh I'm pretty sure
that we're close to a gay president at
some point if we haven't already had a
few I think we've had a few actually but
uh somebody was out and I think the
country is ready for it all it would
take all it would take is a Richard
grenell type personality somebody who's
not making his politics about his his
his bedroom preferences that's all the
reason Obama worked is because he didn't
make it about being black that's all I
ask just don't make it about being black
if you're a woman running for president
like Hillary Clinton was just don't make
it about that just just be quiet on that
and I'll will agree you have plenty of
experience and plenty of brains and uh
and Hillary Clinton was very well
equipped I didn't you know I didn't like
her as a choice but certainly nobody
said she can't be president because
she's a woman I I never heard
that that that's not like a real
problem anyway
um I saw a comment on Wall Street Apes
on X that's an account on X um said when
there is real-time access to the truth
he's talking about the truth coming out
on the xplatform when there was real
real-time access to the truth all of a
sudden the media no longer looked like
media it looked like a parody or bad
comedy skits it was truly something to
watch how many of you had that
experience because I did the the news
which I used to be so angered and
annoyed at it doesn't look like they're
trying
anymore it looks like they've gone into
full theater mode so they seem like
theater kids who grew up and they're
just pushing their theater
choices and now they look
funny because they're they're no longer
even associated with the mainstream
because now they're in the minority so I
had exactly the same reaction um for the
last two days I've been I've been binge
watching how many of you how many of you
are doing this I've been binge watching
MSNBC for the
laughs like how many are you doing that
I'm watching MSNBC for the laughs and
that's not that's not hyperbole I'm not
exaggerating I literally watch it for
the laughs and I'm I'm kind of hooked to
it because I just watch oh my God and
then I think about the people who
believe that what they're saying is true
or valid or you know framed right or and
I just
laugh so anyway that's
fun um here are some stories I don't
think are necessarily true or maybe
they're overblown we saw a story the
other day that the hoodies said they
want to cease fire they're done uh just
at the same time that Trump got elected
and then people said well I don't know
if this is a coincidence looks like
maybe they're afraid of trump and then
today there's a story in Newsweek that
says that Hamas is calling for an
immediate end to the war after the Trump
win thinking maybe this is an opening to
end the war and uh don't know about
Hezbollah but Hezbollah might be looking
for their sixth best leader if the top
five are
gone so I would say I wouldn't I
wouldn't take any of these reports uh
literally you know
obviously both sides always call for a
piece and immediate ceasefire but you
know they want it on their terms so if
you're calling for a ceasefire but you
only want it on your terms you're not
really calling for a ceasefire so I
wouldn't take it too seriously but it
was only today I realized that the three
problems in that area are the three hes
the hudis Hamas and
Hezbollah so
Trump could actually do the the hatrick
Trump could solve three Wars before
taking
office now I want to see him do it not
be not just because I want to see three
war no he could do
four he could solve four Wars before he
sworn
it all he has to do is signal what's
going to happen when he's sworn in and
they'll wrap it
up because Ukraine knows that the you
know the the fuse has been lit on their
War they're not going to be at War in a
year probably in all likelihood Ukraine
will not be in war war year so they're
probably thinking about how do we handle
the after war that they may already be
thinking past the sale because you know
what Trump does so well he makes you
think past the sale the sale is should
we stop the war if he makes them think
pass and say look we're going to rebuild
Ukraine we're going to make it the the
model of the country we're going to make
sure Putin never gets near you and then
you start thinking about oh well that
after the War
period And if he can make you think
about after the war more than the war he
can get you there pretty
fast so he might solve Ukraine the
hoodies Hamas and
Hezbollah uh just on the just on the
knowledge of how he would deal with it
when he got into office it might it
might click all of them into the after
peace mode because they know a peace guy
is coming in and he's going to either
destroy you or push you into peace but
he's not going to have War like we're
not going to put up with war anymore one
way or another he's not going to put up
with war so you can either do your war
and get crushed or you can work with us
to get out of War but we're done with
War I think that's the message that
Trump trump brings and maybe the most
powerful message we've ever seen when
when Trump said about Ukraine I want
people to not die that's a
reframe everybody else was an idiot and
said oh we want Ukraine to protect its
Sovereign territory which is you know
not
unimportant but the right answer was I
want people to stop dying and I think
that that answer works for all four of
these wars if you can call them that
hoodies zamas Hezbollah in
Ukraine find the place where people
don't die you don't have to find the
military Victory you don't have to find
a peace that people don't like find the
place where we don't die that place
exists
I would like to make a suggestion and I
think this has been made in some way uh
for ending the
Gaza
problem and I've said this before many
times actually it's the filter fence
idea if you want if you think that the
only way things will end is if there's a
two-state solution there is a way to get
to the two-state solution that I think
Israel would agree with believe it or
not because you know Netanyahu is not
too big on the new he's more of a
one-state guy but if you simp simply
said we're going to build it in a place
where there are zero people so on day
one the
Palestinian um world would be no people
just be you know a house with the fence
around
it and then the people who would like to
be in the peaceful place that will be
peaceful
forever um with no no terrorists in
there will be interviewed and vetted Etc
and then you let a family in and you're
like there it is there there's your
second state if anybody else wants to
get in we'll help you build a house but
we we have to vet you to make sure you
don't have any terrorists second family
comes in hey you guys are great the
second country is working really well
and you just let all the people in who
are who who want to sign on to a second
country that doesn't want to kill the
other country all the other people you
let them
rot because they're if they have the the
uh point of view that they don't want to
exist unless they kill you
first just let them starve to death die
you just you just can't put any energy
into that it's that's a waste of time
but you can take 100% of the people who
want to live in peace and give them that
opportunity you just can't have it all
in the same place there's got to be a
big big fence that keeps the people who
want to live in peace away from the
people who want to hide with them and
send missiles so yes it can be done and
I think Trump could do
that um Trump and his transition team it
is rumored I don't know if this is
confirmed that Trump doesn't want former
generals on his National Security team
prefers business people and
CEOs boy do I love that imagine the
signal that you're sending to other
countries if if your National Security
team is generals the sign
is you know Wars are a go-to if your
National Security team or businessmen
and
CEOs then your first question is wait a
minute how do we do business with these
guys can can we set up some trade can we
get rid of our
tariffs so I love the signaling of
having the people who want you to be
rich to be in charge of your future the
the generals you need them you know
there 's time for them we need them but
maybe not as our face to the to the rest
of the world you maybe our face should
be business and our backup should be
bullets um according to the
hill RFK junor says that maybe entire
departments that the FDA have to go this
of course made some dentists in the
comment say I tell you as a dentist that
if the FDA departments are you know
degraded that people will die
because the FDA is keeping us safe to
which I
say let me explain this to people who do
not have a experience in
business when people have experience in
business say things like quote entire
departments need to go that does not
mean that the function that they did is
going to
disappear you'd have to have no
experience in the real world to think
that getting rid of a department equals
getting rid of what they do those are
different the whole point of of
reorganizing is to still do the main
mission of the organization to keep you
safe but to do it in an efficient better
engineered way where there's not you
know cross communication where the
person in charge is qualified you know
the ordinary stuff so no getting rid of
departments has nothing to do with
getting rid of functions did Twitter get
rid of functions no Twitter got rid of
80% of its employees and doubled its
features that's what it means to get rid
of
departments more features so the FDA
would get better not
worse you know so don't get upset on the
getting rid of whole
departments and by the way that's the
way the the the real important people
think the way Elon Musk is going to and
I can say this without reading his mind
I can safely say this because above a
certain level of intelligence it would
be a universally true thing to say and
he's way above that level above a
certain level of
intelligence I can say for sure that uh
when elon's looking at uh pairing back
the government he's not looking at
getting rid of stuff you
like he's looking at doing it cheaper
better and if he can't do that he
probably wouldn't change that thing so
he's not going to go and say let me
change things because I'll make it
smaller he's going to go in and say look
at each thing does this thing make sense
does it make sense as a standalone is
there a way you could do at 10% of the
cost would it make sense to fold it into
a different organization and get rid of
all the management so he's going to ask
those questions why do I know
that because of how smart he is 100% of
the people who are above a certain level
would do it that way they'll all do it
that way like the dumb way would be
let's cut 20% off of everything so he's
not going to do it that way you don't
have to worry about
it um I've SE some articles that uh are
already suggesting musk will be the most
powerful single citizen in the country
because of his not only his wealth but
his access to the government through his
good work with Trump and I would uh it
made me think of this de definition of
charisma
which I I love to go back to it it's not
my own definition but one definition of
Charisma is it's Power Plus
empathy and here and I've explained this
before if somebody has power but you
think they don't care about you you want
to stay away from them because of all
that power it could be dangerous to you
as long as if they don't have your best
interest in mind if somebody has empathy
but no
power you might want to stay away from
them too CU they're not going to do too
well and they're probably going to need
your help but if you have empathy I
suppose you'll help anyway but if you
have tremendous power as Elon mus does
and it's matched with tremendous empathy
for people which I believe his is
unmatched or well it's uh unbeaten I
wanton to say unmatched um he he leads
with people
first right even when he talks about
sending Rockets to Mars his message is
to you know expand the light of human
consciousness so in his the way he talks
about it and I think in in his mind as
well it's not fake that he thinks people
first and you see it in everything he
does it's like people people people I
make machines for people people people
but it's people so if you give me the
most powerful man in the country and you
give me somebody who's got a very clear
record of
empathy oh my God I'm all in I I'm all
in so yes uh godspeed Elon
Musk make it
happen I would like to read to you a uh
longish piece by uh David Sachs entitled
why Trump won um I'm just going to read
it because he wrote it so
well matches everything I was thinking
so just listen to this beautiful piece
of writing from Davis XX Allin from the
all-in podcast you know him why Trump
won while the Legacy Media has a
meltdown searching for hitherto
undiagnosed psychosis in the electorate
to explain its Embrace of a hit larian
strongman the truth is much simpler than
their
fictions this election is a reminder
that after all the manufactured drama
and overheated rhetoric politics is
still about issues whether you agreed
with him or not Trump ran a substantive
campaign based on issues like the Border
inflation crime and War true Harris ran
on Vibes celebrity endorsements name
calling convicted felon fascist debunked
hoaxes verifying people and platitudes
democracy she would neither defend the
Biden Harris record nor say that what
she would do differently when she did
talk about the specific issues they were
often stolen from Trump like child tax
credits no tax and tips border funding
uh on this one issue where Democrats had
an advantage abortion Trump definitely
got ahead of the issue by rejecting a
national ban and removing problematic
language from the GOP platform he did
Harris warant the issue by blatantly
lying about Trump's position and by
exhibiting her own party's extremism
nobody needed to see an abortion truck
at the
DNC while Trump expanded his Coalition
with Maha make America healthy again and
Doge the government efficiency thing
Harris concluded her urat campaign by
going all in on demonizing her opponent
pretending Madison Square Garden was a
Nazi convention the fact that voters saw
through it should be reassuring even if
you don't agree with the result voters
want to know how a candidate will give
them a better life and increasingly they
have learned to tune out the rest as
noise while the Legacy Media creates
excuses and imputes the of Voters to
explain why Trump won the reason is
simple Trump is the candidate who spoke
to voters concerns directly it's the
issues
stupid what do you
think was it the
issues I think it
was I think it was I think it was
actually the issues and somehow the
somehow the Legacy Media missed that
that that citizen scared about the
issues now do you know why the the media
missed it the mainstream media thought
that they still controlled how people
think this was the year they found out
they don't especially young people
especially men found out that they
weren't getting their news from watching
the the talking ladies get angry on
TV so it turns out that the issues drove
that and that people don't believe the
news anymore so they just looked at the
issues did I have more money under Trump
yes the most common thing I see whenever
I see especially black men when they're
interviewed on the street you know why
do you like Trump almost every time they
say I had more money under Trump now I
don't even know if that's true but
certainly they have that that point of
view all right here's some uh
potentially amazing news Science Blog
says there's a sensor that could detect
lung cancer just by breathing on it
that's
cool the sooner you get it the sooner
you can treat it I guess there's not too
much you can do with lung cancer but
sooner is better and uh apparently
there's some kind of
California law that got passed or I
don't know what you call it but uh some
ballot proposition that got passed that
uh makes it okay to marry anybody you
want and the critics are worried that
people are going to start marrying their
dogs to which I say if the dog doesn't
mind
is that really any of my business I mean
as long as the dog is
happy but if the dog is coerced into it
then I say no no chusing dogs well I'm
not too worried that dogs and people
will marry but if they want
to as long as their dog doesn't poop on
my lawn no as long as their spouse
doesn't poop on my lawn it's okay with
me all right ladies and gentlemen the
the dilber calendar is for sale at
dilbert.com the only place you can find
the the link to buy it and if you'd like
to know more about persuasion relative
to politics my book wi bigley the second
edition so it's lightly edited from the
first um is available too that one's on
Amazon so you can find that
easily and uh that's all I've got for
you today I'm going to go talk to the uh
locals people privately because they're
awesome and uh I will see you all
tomorrow tomorrow same time same place
thanks for coming X and YouTube and
Rumble
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for