oh it looks like it might be
[Music]
working good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffeee with
Scott Adams and there's never been a
finer time if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny human
brains all you need for that is a cuper
Mugger a glass of tanker CH Stein Cante
suar flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid H like coffee
en join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dope of Mee of the day
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous SI and have us
now
go well I'm coming to on two separate
devices today a little technical
difficulties so there will be no uh live
rumble or live X but coming to you on
two separate devices on YouTube and
locals with one
microphone now you may be wondering why
I'm wearing a different t-shirt today of
course it's the coffee of Scott Adams
official merchandise but more
importantly I'm trying to make some
distance between me and Scott Galloway
CU every time I see him I can't tell the
difference between us he's a bald guy
with glasses and he's wearing a gray
t-shirt and I thought I'm going to have
to do something to get some distance too
it's just too confusing for Branding so
I've decided to change my name from
Scott Adams which is just confusing with
Scott
Galloway so I've changed my first name
to uh not and my last name to Galloway
so now it'll be Scott Galloway and not
Galloway and I will just go as not
Galloway from now on keeps it simpler if
there two Scots you're never going to
tell us apart but if there's a Scott and
a
not easier so that's for you you're
welcome all right uh MIT made a
astonishing Discovery they say that
light can vaporize water without
heat that's weird we so apparently they
found that if you shine the light at 45
Dee angle and you do just the right
things and you sacrifice a toad to the
moon or whatever they do in science I'm
not really much of a scientist I think
they sacrifice
toads but I don't know uh but anyway
they can uh vaporize water without
creating heat now you might say to
yourself Scott that is the least
important nerdiest thing you've ever
said in your entire life why does this
have any meaning to me
whatsoever well some people are saying
it might be good for
desalinization wouldn't that be amazing
if you could just like shine a light on
some water and it would you know
desalinate salt water so that's actually
something that might be happening and if
you could imagine the if you didn't need
heat and all you needed was light
imagine how efficient that would be to
desalinate and just hold in your mind
the possibility that you could take
desalinization costs you know down to a
fraction of what they are that kind of
changes everything doesn't it you'd have
unlimited clean water for almost no cost
you just shine light on it at just the
right angle and desalinate it so could
be gigantic thing from a nerdy little
thing you never know they say it might
also have some clean energy application
we'll
see uh
the head of backel is talking about how
nuclear is becoming a thing nuclear
everywhere so I like to report on this
trend because it's the most probably
maybe one of the most or the most
important thing uh whether we have
enough
electricity and apparently there's uh 30
countries are considering or planning
nuclear programs 20 more of signal
interest bunch of new uh new power
plants are going up
and bunch more in the uh in the plants
so it's going to be a lot more
nuclear isn't it funny that we think
we're this reasonable we're a bunch of
reasonable creatures human beings and we
look at the the cost of things and we
look at the perceived benefits and we
compare them logically and we come up
with our plans did that happen with
nuclear
energy so nuclear energy went from the
scariest thing in the world so therefore
you got to close them all down and you
can't do it right so it was just a fear
decision now the fear was not based on
apparently good information because
people were afraid of the waste turns
out you could just store it on site put
it in a barrel it's not a really a big
problem and people were afraid of it's
going to melt down but it turns out that
the modern nuclear designs have never
melted down there's never been a you
know a a current model of uh of nuclear
that you would build today it's never
melt down it was always earlier versions
that we knew had obvious
problems so we went from nuclear is the
scariest thing in the world and
therefore must be closed down to climate
change is the scariest thing in the
world and you've got to do everything
you can to avoid it and what can you do
to avoid climate change disaster say the
alarmists well you could get a lot of
nuclear power
plants so we started with the wrong
reason for Banning
nuclear which was that it was uh
presumed to be more dangerous than it
was so so basically the anti-nuclear was
just based on
fear but now that's been completely
reversed and it was it because we got
smarter no is it because our analyses
were better
no is because we found something
scarier that also probably isn't true so
we went from you know the nuclear waste
is going to kill us there's nothing we
know how to do turns out just put it in
the barrel keep it where it is it's fine
keep it forever and and then you know
it's going to melt down and and all this
so we went from a fake scare against
nuclear to a probably fake scare against
climate change which completely reversed
it just in time for
AI there's not a damn thing we do that
makes any sense we're literally just
chasing chasing people with scare
stories and then people are running away
and sometimes it works
out do you ever hear that uh the old
thing two wrongs don't make a
right well didn't they this
time am I misreading this so first we
had the wrong that nuclear was a bad
idea but we fixed the wrong idea about
nuclear by coming up with an even
wronger idea about climate change
risk Am I Wrong the two right two wrongs
made it right are are we not just where
we want to be we we got our nuclear
energy back just in time for robots and
AI it was literally two wrongs made a
right and it wasn't just too little
wrongs it was the two biggest wrongs
we've probably ever made probably in the
history of
humankind it'd be hard to find things
much wrong than those two things but
they canceled out so there you
go
um The chrisy Gnome story just keeps
getting better poor chrisy gnome so like
it seems like only a few months ago we
were talking about her as being a you
know good candidate for VP for
Trump and then it turned out allegedly
she was having the affir with Corey
lowski which is sort of really bad if
you're Republican running for office and
then there was a thing in her book that
said she shot her own puppy and uh that
wasn't really good and then
uh this is just the best this is the
best terrible news because it doesn't
really HT any body is just weird and
embarrassing so apparently Christy gome
has a a book about her own
[Laughter]
life which claims in the
book this is a quote from the book I
remember when I met with North Korea
dictator Kim Jong-un I'm sure he
underestimated me having no clue about
my experience staring down little
tyrants parenthetically I'd been a
children's Pastor after all
so then she's asked on a new show did
you did you
meet Kim
Jun turns out she
didn't it was it was written in her book
and I guess it got published with a
whole fake story about beating Kim
Jong-un and staring him
down and she had to go on TV on a book
tour and explained why her own book she
hadn't read
because she clearly had not read her own
book because she wouldn't have left it
in there if you know such a glaring
thing that didn't happen you wouldn't
accidentally leave in a story about
meeting Kim Jong-un when everybody knows
you could fact check
it oh my God how
embarrassing that is embarrassing but it
gets
worse did you think I was done no
Christy has more she has more for us now
apparently she went on a news program
and suggested that or maybe it was the
book they suggested that uh maybe
Commander the dog should be shot
too
now now let me give you some
context give you a little context okay
now I I worked on a farm for you know
much of my younger days my uncle had a
Farm in walking distance so I'd often
spend a lot of time in the farm and if
you've if you've been around Farms
especially dairy farms and I guess other
kinds of farms you you see a level of uh
realworld decisions that you don't have
to see in other jobs so ending the life
of an animal is not an unusual thing on
a farm even your dog right I've never
seen that happen personally but you know
it's well within the normal farmer
Behavior
to kill a bad dog that the unfortunately
I'm not in favor of it of course but uh
not that unusual so I wouldn't I
wouldn't falter for her decision making
I don't you know I don't support it but
you know people do what they do on the
farm and you know it's they're tough
decisions but then she it's the talking
about it it's the problem I think we can
all agree on that right if you're trying
to be a National
politician don't ever mention shooting
your own
dog here's what you should not consider
there were good
reasons no no there may have been good
reasons to shoot her dog I I think it's
a thing but no don't mention it maybe
better not mentioning it yeah that's my
advice and certainly don't mention that
you want to shoot the president's dog
because that's a bad dog too so bad uh
bad news cycle for Christie but the uh
the real question I have is do you think
the ghost
riter
maybe should be looked into a little
bit how exactly does a ghost writer make
up a story about a North Korea Kim
Jong-un
meeting how do you make that up what did
did he think he remembered it did he
look at his notes he or she did they
look at their notes and say h according
to my notes you met with Kim Jun and
then just wrote it down and nobody
checked how in the world I'll tell you
what it looks
like what it looks like is that it was
an OP it looks like somebody Wasing
trying to take her out and they put
something in her book knowing she
wouldn't read it it looks exactly like
it was
intentional and I have some questions
about who was that ghost writer hm I
wonder who that
was I don't know if you've seen that
Joshua lysek who who is not the ghost
writer for that project but he's using
it to advertise his own
services will not let you put in your
book shot a
dog that's his entire commercial ghost
writing services will not let you say
you shot a dog in your book will prevent
you from doing that no no I'm better
than the other ghost riters who would
let you say you shot a dog I would not
let you do that and that's what I call
Quality right there all right
um
so uh this will surprise you uh
apparently I think ax was reporting this
that uh mental health problems are way
up 40% nationally from 2019 to 2023 I
wonder if anything happened between 2019
and 20
23 the
pandemic so apparently old people are
having more mental illness and
everybody's having more mental illness
and every age is going crazier and the
biggest increase is generalized anxiety
disorder generalize anxiety disorder
which I do talk to a lot of people who
have some kind of generalized anxiety
disorder usually
women uh but I would imagine men have it
to and I would say that the reasons for
it are all pretty obvious here here
here's the main reason other others have
said this but let me just summarize some
reasons in the old
days the only problems you had were the
ones that were local in other words all
you knew about was what was happening to
you because you didn't have any
telecommunications or anything so you
could you could uh limit all the things
you worried about to you know your food
and your safety which are big problems
but you knew what to do so you just get
busy trying to keep yourself safe and
trying to get yourself some
food so those are simple times now we
have the internet that's telling you
there's all these other risks that are
coming to get you that climate change is
going to kill you they'd say uh Trump is
going to be a Nazi they say um we're
running out the dead is going to kill us
all Russia might ncas there's like a
million things to worry about and
there's the Locust you name it now we're
not really designed or evolved if you
prefer we're not made to worry about all
the problems in the world at the same
time we're made to worry about our own
stuff and so if you take your own stuff
and add to all the problems in the
world you could imagine it would give
you some generalized anxiety that you
can't put a finger on because it's just
everything from
everywhere so that's got to be part of
it the other part of course is social
media gives us comparisons to make us
feel bad and makes you concentrate on
your internal who you are and all that's
bad for your mental health and then
there's the fact that maybe we don't
have enough to
do that we're not in survival mode so we
just start thinking about things that
are not survival related until we worry
ourselves to death there's some of that
I think among the uh the older people
loneliness is probably well even the
young I I would say the loneliness
epidemic is is causing mental health
problems and
um and and we don't quite appreciate the
depth of
that let me let me tell you one problem
that you can never get sympathy for are
you ready for it I'm lonely do you think
you can give sympathy for
that nope because everybody thinks you
could solve it well just go talk to some
people right if it were easy to solve
everybody would have solved it
apparently there's something about life
that makes that hard to solve
so I think loneliness is a gigantic
thing and Society is not organized so
that you have a natural way to meet
people and the more single people there
are and there's you know huge increase
in single people and childless couples
and stuff there's going to be way more
loneliness but uh here's the here's the
uh the variable that tells you maybe
maybe all of the uh statistics are
fake all right I'm going now I told you
that all the numbers are up right that
there's way more mental health problems
that have been diagnosed or people
seeking seeking help for mental health
here's something I didn't tell you and
it's in the article maybe it's because
people have more access to tella health
and there's less
stigma let me tell you what I wouldn't
have said to anybody when I was a
teenager I have a mental health
problem I never would have said that
even if I did you maybe I did I wouldn't
have said it in my 20s nope wouldn't
have said
it but today it's almost like a badge of
honor right it's like a thing you want
to say on social media you actually want
to post in public oh I have this or that
condition and I'm on the Spectrum and
I've got ADHD and I've got generalized
anxiety and I've got depression and now
it's no longer stigmatized it's actually
something that people can get attention
for so if you make it really really easy
to seek help which is what tella health
does you don't have to leave the house
and you make it instead of a uh
something that makes you look weak it's
something gives you some attention so of
course it'd be a lot more rep reported
but I do think there's more actual so I
don't think the fact that people are
willing to talk about it is the full
story um I I think it's really social
media and the entire probably the entire
structure of society is making us
crazy so maybe we should do something
about
that well you know Boeing had those uh
two whistleblowers who died
suspiciously suspicious suicide and a
suspicious fast growing you know quick
growing what was it bacterial infection
or something that look a little
suspicious now nobody in law enforcement
has said that these are not natural
deaths but they're kind of coincidental
two whistleblowers same company both
died fairly
suspiciously but here's the fun part
there's 10 more
whistleblowers 10 more now do you think
think the 10 more whistleblowers are
real or are they just being influenced
by the news like suddenly everybody
wants to be a whistleblower kind of a
copycat thing or do they really have 10
different stories of things so bad
they're willing to risk their lives
because because they would think they're
risking their life at this point so
we'll keep an eye on that I don't know
what these whistleblowers have to say
but if you would be a whistleblower in
the context of the first two dying
suspiciously
you must really have something to
say is that is that
fair like in the current environment you
must really feel it's important or you
wouldn't be coming forward we'll see um
if I had to guess there will not be 10
whistleblowers so if I had to guess I
would guess against this being a real
story so if you want if you want to
check my uh BS detector I do not believe
there'll be
10 uh I wouldn't be surprised if there's
another one but not 10 there's something
wrong with that story doesn't smell
right yeah it doesn't smell right Tesla
is reportedly going to do a round of
10,000
layoffs and people are thinking there
might be lots more rounds coming but uh
the Tesla
layoffs seem perfectly timed for robots
don't
they is a a coincidence that robots for
assembly lines are being introduced in
Tesla with their own robots at just
about the same time they're massively
cutting
staff it could be that that's not
unrelated it could be that t that mus
knows he needs to get ahead of it and
make sure that when the in the robots
are
introduced they has the right level of
human Staffing to support that and not
too much human Staffing
or it's just a sign that all the car
companies are having trouble and Tesla
needs to sell more cars or C costs
that's what I think I think I need
another sip of
coffee oh that's
good yep that that was exactly what I
needed right
there all
right
um so uh unusual Wales is uh reporting
on uh X I guess there's a movie called
The Fall
Guy how many of you had heard there's a
movie called The Fall
Guy you've heard of it I guess I'm not
even paying attention to new movies it's
is it based on the old TV show or
something and it cost $125 million to
make and it brought in uh just 28.5
million it's first
weekend despite having big stars and no
competition and a big ad campaign so
blumberg is kind of sounding the alarm
that maybe movie going is dead now let
me ask you this for much of my life I
had what I would call a movie watching
habit meaning that you know before there
was Netflix I had a habit of wanting to
see new movies that you know got a lot
of hype I'd want to see him in the
theater and then when it became more
streaming and Netflix and stuff I I had
a movie habit where especially if you're
in a relationship and you know you've
already had dinner and you've had your
fun there's not many things more fun
than spooning and watching a bad movie
that you don't really care about like
it's sort of like a good time but once
you get out of that habit and I think
the the pandemic broke a lot of habits
because there wasn't really much to
watch in terms of movies so I just got
out of the
habit and I find that I don't think
about movies I don't want to watch them
I don't have a there's no part of my
routine in which they fit you know
there's not a part of my night where I
say this is where I'd normally be
watching a movie and when you compare it
to reals on
Instagram I 100% of the time if I scroll
through the reals is it reals is that
what they call tell them in Instagram or
is reals YouTube I I never I can't
remember what words are on Which social
media platforms but anyway if I if I
just pick up Instagram and just flip
through the uh the videos I will be
entertained 100% of the time would you
agree do you do you have the shorts I
don't know whatever they're called um on
YouTube they're callor shorts and on
Insta they're reals I'm being told
that's sounds
right but do you have the same
experience the Instagram or Tik Tok if
you prefer gives you a 100% good
experience every time like I really like
watching uh cats hugging each
other and so Instagram gives me cats
hugging other cats and other dogs and I
could look at that all day long just
give me another cat and another dog it's
sort of like porn I'll never get tired
of it you just have to change out the
characters now and then all right orange
cat let's see a tiger cat let's see a
different cat different dog oh yeah
that's all I need just change out the
characters so yeah movies are done and
uh rasmason did was it
rasmon yeah rasmon did a poll uh 71% of
American adults agree with the statement
that Disney should return to its
wholesome programming and allow parents
to decide when their children are taught
about
sexuality so as you know Disney went
full
lgbtq plus so their movies are stocked
with uh full of gay non-binary and
interesting
characters and the parents are not so
cool in that but 22%
disagree so 22% say keep that sexuality
in my Disney movies for my children the
gayer the better and uh once again that
that 25% is of people
who uh want Disney to teach their
children to be
gay I might be exaggerating exactly
what's going on a little bit but it does
feel like 22% of parents said you know
Disney can teach my children to be gay I
I don't I don't know how they were born
but I'm sure Disney can program them
just
right uh meanwhile over at the RN
I I've been really curious to see how
Lara Trump would do as the co-chair of
the
RNC because uh if you don't follow her
on social media you might not be aware
of what a beast she is and I mean that
in in only a complimentary way have you
have you ever seen Laura Trump's workout
videos she'll post them on social media
just like a little snippet of a workout
and stuff she isn't just just
fit she's insanely fit you know like uh
woman doing pull-ups fit like crazy fit
and uh I always thought to myself that
you don't you can't keep that up for
years and years as she has you can't
keep that up unless you have a a certain
kind of aggressive assertive
personality and I can't think of a
better combination of aggressive
assertive you know breakthrough a wall
kind of vibe to her
personality uh it's like the perfect
choice to be the RNC co-chair so
apparently they're going to use the uh
the law to go after uh various
situations such as Nevada wants to be
able to count ballots after elections
are over to like change the result after
the elections already been called and
the uh RNC is going to sue them and say
no you can't count votes after they're
after the election's over they should be
over on the day of the
election now I think that's a reasonable
position and there are some other states
they're going after so yes if the
Republicans are going full
lawfare on the elections that's exactly
right because it's got to be at least a
fair fight right if the Democrats are
doing full you know legal Maneuvers to
get the election rules the way they want
the only way it's a fair contest is if
both sides do it and I don't think we
had that level of aggression there
before and uh I think
Lura from you know she's interviewed me
a few times so I have you know brief
contact with her but my sense of it is
you needed somebody who could just push
through a brick
wall and she she certainly signals I
mean I don't know her that well but
she's signals that a brick wall would
not slow her
down so yeah so that's maybe a that
might be one of Trump's best hires
indirectly I
guess all right
uh judge meran is once again found Trump
in contempt for saying stuff and uh any
future violations will be punished with
incarceration he says so now it's
getting
interesting do you think judge meran is
going to put Trump in
jail do you think Trump is going to shut
up cuz I
don't I think Trump's going to push it
all the way to
jail I don't I think he doesn't want to
go to jail not even for a day but I I
think his personality just isn't going
to let him leave this alone I think he's
going to push it all the way to jail
meaning that they're going to have to
put him in jail to shut him up and I
hate to say how much I love
it I love the fact that even this won't
stop him from saying what he wants to
say and if you want to guarantee he
wins put him in
jail put him in jail for a day if you
want to guarantee it he's he's really
begging for it at this
point CU I want to see the picture of
him in
jail I want to see see him behind bars
and know that it was a setup and it was
a stupid case and that at the end at the
end he wins because he I'm sure he will
because the case is
empty uh let's uh let's have that
conversation
so um while that's happening Jonathan
tole is making fun of uh the Michael
Cohen testimony is that today is Michael
Cohen testifying today
or soon but uh he's the star
witness and this is how Jonathan turle
characterizes in an expost he says Cohen
will try to convince the jury to put his
former client that would be Trump former
client in jail for following his own
legal
advice he says toally says this would be
difficult even for a competent and
ethical lawyer for Cohen it is utterly
in utter insanity
[Laughter]
to to is a treasure but I love this
sentence you try to convince the jury to
put his former client Jill for following
his own legal
advice that's the perfect
summary um I was listening to a clip by
Naval ravikant just yesterday and he was
talking about things that AI can't do
and uh it's a short short list like it
it AI is never as smart as you in your
own domain of expertise that seems to be
true that's one of the things that of
all listed but another
one
um is
uh what was I going to say the
uh trying to remember what nval said you
can't listen to him if it's in your own
domain you'll know it's oh you can't
summarize so one of the things that AI
can't do according to Nal is summarize
and i' never noticed that before but
it's
true because summarizing is a very human
human thing it's what comedians do now
ai can't do comedy either and I think
it's related because what makes a
comedic summary funny is that it just
gets to that you know really thing
you're thinking about like it just hits
that little nerve that's just the one
that's the most active for the human and
the AI doesn't know what nerve is going
to be the you know the one that gets you
going as a human it just can't know that
but a human can summarize so when uh
turly summarizes this as Cohen will try
to convince the jury to put his former
client in jail for following his own
legal advice that is a great
summary that is a great great summary
which is very
hard right summarizing is super hard
that's why the AI can't do it but you
can see that uh that turle can hit that
note because he's a
human all right a CNN SSRS poll uh says
that 76% of registered voters who back
Trump say they'll cast a a ballot for
him regardless of a conviction in the
brag
case
76% said they'll vote they they'll back
him now these are Trump's
supporters so that would be roughly a
quarter of Trump's supporters would not
support him if he gets put in if he gets
convicted on fake
charges so if Trump up fake charges
convict him a quarter of his
supporters are not going to support him
when he's been victimized by the very
system he says he's going to fix for you
that 25% thing is so
sticky it is so sticky yeah I don't
believe the poll doesn't that sound like
that's a rid have you ever met anybody
who is a trump supporter who said but
you
know if they find him guilty on that
whatever madeup stupid thing
that they're charging him for now I'll
stop supporting him I've never heard
that has anybody ever heard an actual
Trump supporter like a real one
say that if the lawfare gets them
they'll stop supporting I don't think
this is real I don't trust
that all right karma is coming to get
you do you remember how the law was
changed in New
York uh to open a temporary window in
which you could um sue people for sexual
problems and other crimes that normally
would be past the statute of limitations
but it was a little window they opened
and coincidentally it allowed egene
Carroll to sue Trump when normally the
statute would have been expired statute
limitations but because of the special
little window that New York
opened they got him so a special little
window so how'd that work out well
there's this Democrat state senator
Kevin Parker uh he represents Brooklyn
and uh he uh he voted for it as did all
the Democrats because it was a g Trump
thing and uh then it turns out that some
old accusations against him have just
surfaced the New York Post
reports
um that uh now he says it's now now he
says that the thing he voted for is
unconstitutional because it's biting him
in the
ass so not only is there a charge
against the mayor Adams he's got some
old incident from 1993 that came out and
bit him but now a democratic state
senator has the same problem so so they
passed the law to make it possible to
come after
people from past charges and the people
who pass the law are being sued for
their alleged past
Behavior now that's
fun it's it's not chrisy n shoots or dog
fun but it's a lot of
fun is it my imagination that all of the
news is in Trump's favor lately have you
notice it's just like all in his
favor well uh here's some more that's in
his
favor so do you remember I've been
saying for maybe starting two weeks ago
I said um why don't we understand yet
where the funding is coming for all the
college protests does anybody remember
me saying
that and I said huh there can only be
one reason that we don't know what's the
only reason that they wouldn't tell us
on the
news who's funding it the only reason
could be it's coming from inside our
country and that somebody who is
powerful enough to control the
news power ful enough to control the
news doesn't want you to know who's
funding it but I think Alan DT sort of
broke this seal on that in one of his
videos and he said it's a it's the
biggest Democrat donors who are funding
it now indirectly through organizations
they fund the for fund other
organizations but apparently the Soros
organization uh some kind of
Rockefeller uh what is it the uh David
Rockefeller Jr he's got some Rockefeller
fund there's some the
pritzkers and uh there's allegedly the
Gates Foundation but uh I think Gates
has already denied that they that they
fund these groups so I think the news is
incorrect potentially about Gates but
might be correct about the
others
um and now the news is asking about it
so Jake Tapper asked Mitch lro lro uh
who's a top Biden adviser he said um you
know what basically what do you have to
say about these Democrat funders who are
also funding the
demonstrations and Michel Andrea said
everybody has a right to
protest they all have a right to protest
yeah that's not really the question is
it the question is do the Democrats want
to fund anti-jewish demonstrations
because they
are
now now you know why you didn't know
this earlier
right the reason it wasn't reported
earlier is it's bad for Democrats and
the news is mostly Democrats so they
simply just didn't report it now why are
they reporting it
now so that so political Politico had a
story CNN's talking about it now and now
everybody's talking about it it's
because it got out is is because once
dersu had said it and and the people on
the right knew it because we knew it
already it's only the left who are just
finding
out yeah so I think they're just getting
ahead of it because I couldn't you know
couldn't suppress it anymore that's my
guess yeah
so that seems to be uh as positive as
you could possibly get so here's why the
college protests are happening it's a
combination of democrat major donors who
I suspect didn't have control of where
their money went but certainly could cut
funding from them in the future if they
wanted they just haven't done it but if
you add Democrat money from these big
donors to bashia Crazy women because
most of the protesters seem to be
batshit crazy young women whose brains
are not developed so if you had uh
ineffective brains and people who are
having all kinds of mental problems and
you add a lot of money to it you get
this so never never mix large amounts of
money with mental
illness but that's what the Democrats
decided to do they found the most
mentally ill group in their in their own
group the young women and by that's not
an opinion just statistically they're
the most mentally ill by far and then
they decided to give them massive
amounts of money to about
stuff and there we are there we are so
everything is
explained um and follow the money was
exactly the right the right way to find
out what was going on yeah it was coming
from inside the
house now I'm going to take
um I'm going to take a little bit of a
credit for telling you what was coming
from inside the
house because I think I was on that
early I didn't know who it was but it
was obvious it was coming from inside
the house because the way the news
covered it was they were hiding it and
there wouldn't be any reason to hide it
unless it was coming from inside the
house and that's exactly what it was but
they can't hide it anymore so now we got
to talk about
it all right um RFK Jr is saying that as
president he's going to launch a drive
across the states to pass a
constitutional amendment to overrule
citizens united now that's the case that
allowed corporations to give unlimited
money to political campaigns I believe
and he said we're no longer living in a
democracy we're living in a corporate
kleptocracy um and it was a absolute
disaster it's why it's why Biden now has
three billion to spend on his campaign
is from corporate donors three billion
my God
so um I like the fact that RFK Jr has is
saying directly we don't live in a
democracy
anymore that's important cuz I think
when we pretend that we're in a
democracy we don't have any
um you know we don't have any kind of
uh we don't have any way to fix it if
you can't talk about it so I think it's
very important that a top candidate says
this is not a democracy because it's
definitely not I mean it's not even
close it's just a kleptocracy the people
paying the money get the benefit
that's all it is yeah it's a he calls it
a kleptocracy but what do I call
it we are a the government is a criminal
entity it's a criminal organization now
he says
kleptocracy but that's the same
thing it's that's the specific crime is
stealing that's the
crime well uh Trump was in a some kind
of a private meeting but it got out I
guess a donor meeting and he said the
White House
um he said that uh Biden was the was
like the Gestapo police he said
uh yeah U basically he said that that
that the lawfare against him was like
the Nazi
Gusto and then the white house uh they
slammed him for comparing the Gusto
police and Nazi Germany to
them J it would certainly be terrible if
somebody who was running for president
compared the competitor to a
Nazi wouldn't that be terrible we've
never seen that
before that'd be
terrible so uh representative Jamie
Rasin came on and he talked about that
and he said every accusation by Trump is
a
confession huh where have we heard that
before it's almost like the they accuse
you of the thing they're guilty of which
is what the Democrats do so now they're
accusing
Trump wait hold on I'm getting confused
here they're accusing Trump of doing the
thing ah it's all confusing though yeah
that I think it's projection
squared so we've been accusing you know
obviously many of many of us have
accused
um we've accused the Democrats of uh
always projecting and saying that the
Republicans are doing what they're doing
so now they're accusing Trump of
projecting so not only were they
projecting but when they were accused of
projecting they projected the
projection on the people accused them of
projecting all right I got it that was
it
right it took me a while to sort that
out but the other thing I say is that
the the Democrats try to craft an
argument out of just
words whereas Trump says stuff like uh
build a wall there are too many
immigrants that's not words that's like
a real policy with a a physical thing
and that's real but when the the
Democrats talk there's no real thing to
it it's just words that fit in the
sentence so here is Rasin every
accusation by Trump is a confession
we've never had presidential candidates
much less presidents talk like that
before
what that that's every Democrat every
day
calling like what
what my god um he said there's always
been a very strong degree of civil
civility at that level what
and so it telegraphs some very dark
intentions on his
part
so so the Democrats are trying to put
Trump in jail using lawfare to keep him
off the uh you the election basically a
Nazi kind of a strategy to take out your
opponent and their defenses were words
every accusation is a confession it's
part of his dark
intentions let us
compare Trump is talking about a real
thing
laware real criminal cases he's actually
sitting in court being tortured by these
very people a real thing his ass is
actually on an actual bench or chair or
wherever it is his physical ass
is in a place it doesn't want to be in
the real world because of their actions
which are clearly unethical if not
unlawful but in
return they they're living in this world
of words where you got the the
accusation is a confession and it's
there's some dark intentions in my
imagination of my mind reading of the
things he's thinking but he hasn't
said is words versus actions all the way
until until you see it you you you you
can't see it till you see it but once
you see it it's all you can see all they
have is
words against actual real things now you
could agree or disagree about the actual
real things and real policies but you
can't
argue that the Republicans are not
talking about real things and the
Democrats don't have any real things to
talk about because they're doing worse
on the economy worse on War worse on
inflation basically they're losing every
poll on everything except
words now I like to add one more
thing I keep hearing people say that
they think uh people on the right saying
that there are demons and like evil
among
us and that some people are like maybe
just
demons have you ever had that impression
where you look at somebody and you think
to yourself
I feel like you're a
demon like you don't
register quite as
human have you ever noticed that and uh
Jamie Raskin is that person for
me like if I listen to you know like
kinzinger or or uh Cheney or somebody if
I'm listening to somebody I just
disagree with I don't automatically say
oh you look like a demon sometimes I say
you look like you're mentally ill
sometimes I say oh you're just a
political actor and you're you're just
trying to be
political uh or I Just Disagree or
you're just cynical like usually normal
kinds of words but when I watch Jamie
Raskin my brain interprets him as a
demon I don't know why does anybody have
that same impression I'm not saying he's
a demon so just to be clear as far as I
know know he's a regular human being but
my brain can't tell my brain actually
transer translates him into like a
nonhuman demon kind of creature it's
very unusual I wouldn't say it about
many
people but uh I mean even shiff doesn't
look like a demon does he he just looks
like he's a like a weird little lying
character who knows exactly what he's
doing but there's something about Rasin
I don't know it feels like a different
level meanwhile the New York Times is
saying that um uh well yeah I guess it's
enough on that New York Times is saying
that Trump is more popular with the
young than we thought there's a new poll
New York Times Sienna College poll that
says he's neck and neck that Biden and
Trump are neck and neck with 18 to 29
year
olds neck and neck with 18 to 29 year
olds
do you believe it well the other polls
don't support
that the other polls don't but you know
what I think I think the other polls are
going to catch up do you know why
College
protests yeah I think men just
flipped young men in young men in
particular I think young men just said
no this college protest stuff no no
we're on the other side now and here's
what the New York Times doesn't
report because you know you're used to
the New York Times giving news that's
bad for Trump and good for Democrats
right but they finally they they always
have to catch up to reality eventually
they they can deny for example the story
about who's funding the protesters but
once it's out there they have to act
like they were covering it all along you
know they have to catch up to it that's
what's happening but now the New York
Times is doing a little catch up with
the young people moving toward jump but
what's missing from the
story so they're saying that young
people are moving strongly toward
Trump something's missing in the story
isn't it the most important part of the
story yeah the most important part is
left out at least at the headline I
didn't read the detail but at the
headline level they left out the only
important part is
men is men
it's all men men are done they're
they're done watching women destroy the
world and they watch the protest and
they don't see any real men they see you
know um external protesters who are you
know sort of professionals they see beta
men with their little garbage pale
Shields being beat up by the cops and
mostly angry women and I think men are
just saying I don't want any part of
that I I do not want to be associated
with any of that so men are leaving like
crazy do you know why they don't report
that it's
men do you know
why cuz if they report as men they're
going to have to say
why can't say
why they cannot tell you why the men are
abandoning the Democrats can I no CU if
they told you that the the whole game
unwind
yeah the whole game comes apart if they
tell you why mannering that that's the
key the key is to remind people that men
especially young ones are no longer okay
with the situation and have just
activated let let me explain men for you
okay in case there are some women here
who don't know anything about
men we're all different like every other
group you know there's different kinds
of men millions of different varieties
but there is one quality that men have
maybe a little bit more than women and
it looks like
this there's a lot of stuff we don't
care
about we just don't care we care about
stuff that we care about but there's a
whole bunch of stuff we don't care
about until we
do and when we
do things change and pretty quickly and
I think that we didn't care about a lot
of stuff oh you know you want to do some
LGBT stuff that's fine you want to do
some Dei stuff yeah that's fine you know
a little more diversity is good and you
know it just keeps going and going and
going but men are sort of binary in one
way we're okay with it Whatever It Is
we're okay with it until we're
not and and and it's it's just binary it
just
flips and I think it just flipped for a
lot of men you know more more are coming
and I think that you can watch this
stuff and not care about it up to a
certain level and then when you realize
it means you can't get a job all these
young men in
college I think they figured out they
can't get jobs because the women and the
you know the the diverse groups are
going to take their jobs unless they're
diverse themselves so at least among the
white men they're realizing that the
entire system is ganged up on them and
they're sort of done with it they're
sort of done with it and I think black
men are having the same
realization that there's something
terribly female about the way things are
going and women should not be in charge
of
security and I'm going to say this as
many times as it takes until you all
agree with
me women should not be in charge of
national security or any other kind of
security now that doesn't mean
individual women can't be great at it
because they can you know there are
plenty of police Chiefs who are female
doing a great job plenty of you know
Mayors or female doing a great job so
it's not about individuals it's about
the group you can't let the group of
women decide what the country does
individual women
absolutely but not the group cuz the
group is a bunch of people who are
designed for
nurturing you're designed Evolution or
God whatever you want but you're not
designed for defense men are designed to
kill people we're designed for violence
we're designed for enough violence so
that you can have your baby in peace we
have to be violent so that you don't
have to be because you can't be violent
when you're taking care of a
child you need somebody else a third
party to be violent to keep the mountain
lions and the other people away cuz you
don't have any way to defend yourself if
you're a mother with a small child so we
are built for this men are built to
protect your country protect your house
and they're not allowed to do it because
our political process you know makes
everybody equal and that's a terrible
mistake we're not equal in that way and
again individuals are all over the place
so there may be you know plenty of
individual women who are perfect for the
job but you can't let the group of women
vote on stuff that has to do with
security you're going to get the wrong
answer every time you need men to close
your border you need men to calm down
these college protests you need men to
decide when to go to war and when not
although we're terrible at that because
we we like our
war too much
but uh yeah that's that's and I think we
we need to be able to say it that
loud you know and and the thing that we
always get wrong is treating the group
like an individual you can allow that
there are plenty of individuals who are
not like the group and still say that
the group acts like a group no matter
how many you know exceptions
are all right
even uh Bernie Sanders is saying that uh
um the Gaza situation might be Biden's
Vietnam he said on Thursday lynon
Johnson in many respects was a very good
president domestically but uh because of
Vietnam he had to step down
well that's interesting because
coincidentally I had asked chat GPT just
yesterday why Johnson didn't run for a
final term
because I kind of wondered like I
learned it but I didn't know why and so
Chad GPT said he didn't want to run for
another term um because he wanted to
concentrate on his domestic agenda which
was so
awesome but Bernie says it's because he
couldn't win because of the Vietnam War
so who writes history Bernie or chat
GPT those are different history
history is all
fake if if you didn't know it basically
all of your history is fake always has
been but uh my question would be is uh
Biden more like um lynon Johnson or more
like
Hitler well let's
examine um and by the way uh the name
that's becoming popularized for for
Biden is
shitler which is very funny because you
normally think that Hitler is as bad as
you can get in your insults if you call
a leader Hitler you think well I'm done
I mean can't get worse than that well it
turns out you
can you could be Hitler but also made
out of
 it's the only way you can be worse
than Hitler so people are called Biden
uh a-hole
shitler a-hole shitler that's
right that's
right and he's a member of the Third
Reich the Third Reich
yeah and you may have heard of a book
about the concept uh it's called the uh
diarrhea of Anne
Frank no
too
far too far was it that's too far
yeah so uh ahle shitler uh is trying to
get his uh the the major candidate
against him trying to get him put in
jail trying to get RFK Jr assassinated
by giving him no
anything um to me uh and and of course
suppressing Free Speech everywhere to me
it looks very uh a-hole shler yeah very
a-hole
shler um
meanwhile Biden has halted ammunition
shipments to
Israel um probably just to put some
pressure on them because Israel is
getting ready to invade Rafa which would
require all the people who had moved
from the north into the South to move
again but where I don't know but they
need to they need to clear out the um
citizens as much as possible before they
before they move in so it looks like
nothing's going to stop Israel from
doing what it needs to
do
um but there's a new I guess there's
some energy around the idea of having a
Gaza International peacekeeping force of
the uh Muslim
countries um but we don't know which
Muslim
countries and we don't know what uh we
don't know what uh a peace ing force
would look like but if the peacekeeping
force happened to be let's say Saudi
Arabia and Jordan you you could imagine
you could imagine the situation where
Israel could live with it because if
it's if it's managed by countries that
it's already has good relationships with
or good enough um could work could work
however um I don't think that Israel
will ever release military
control so when you say that uh there
might be uh International peacekeeping
for um they wouldn't be in charge I
can't imagine can you it seems to me
that the only way the only way it would
work is if Israel stays in charge
Forever at least on the security level
but they might have some kind of
ad countes that are trying to help out
maybe but if C ceasefire uh being talked
about is rejected by Israel because
Hamas is saying you know we'll give you
the hostages if you just withdraw all
your troops and and
surrender do you remember when I told
you there's not going to be a
ceasefire why does the news even report
that there's a conversation about a
ceasefire is is there nobody in the news
business who knows there's no chance of
a
ceasefire no Israel said exactly what
it's going to do it's going to kill
every single person who is involved in
the attack they're not going to leave a
few they've been very clear about that
and in a uh jeanpier Katrina what
whatever the hell her name is way been
very clear about that now I think when
Israel says something that
clear you kind of have to think think is
really going to happen let us be really
clear about this we're going to kill
every one of
them I think they mean that you know the
combatants not the civilians of
course so that's what you got going all
right ladies and gentlemen did I miss
any big stories is there anything going
on that I should have mentioned that I
didn't I don't think so I think we did
what we need to do here it might be time
to go something else
yeah all
right I'm just looking at some of your
comments for a moment see if I miss
anything well thank
you yeah best show ever
probably probably
all right your comments are random and
they sound Drunken In some cases but not
the locals people who are all brilliant
and sexy all right that's all I have for
you YouTube I'm going to say bye now I'm
going to spend a little more time with
just the good folks on locals thanks for
joining tomorrow I might be on Rumble
and X as well if everything works thanks
for
joining all right let's see if I can end
this