boo hey everybody come on in here I know
it's a holiday but you got up so that
you could so that you could could join
me for the simultaneous it
I'm so happy president Trump day I
thought it was the fourth of July it was
on my calendar as the fourth of July
historically had always been the 4th of
July but for the past few weeks all I've
been seeing is reports from anti-trump
Earth's that today is really a
celebration of President Trump
apparently there's going to be a big
military parade and biggest fireworks of
all time and I think that's pretty
exciting so happy president Trump day I
don't think the president planned it to
be a celebration of him but his critics
have made it so I know you're watching
boo in the background here she's she's
going to be watching the show apparently
so let's talk about all of the
interesting things happening today I
think we might reach peak TDs today
Trump derangement syndrome here are some
things happening in the news it so in no
particular order these are things
happening lately the company that
provided the fireworks for today's
celebration in Washington DC is
receiving death threats death threats
for providing fireworks on the fourth of
July the the very hilarious kid and her
family were making the parodies of aosc
she was a little kid who looked like a
OC and would would do all the same
things they were seated they removed
their account on YouTube because of
death threats
all right so the fireworks company got
death threats
the Mineo aoc parody got death threats
and then there was the cartoonist who
did the anti-trump comic and he got
fired for that because of the nature of
the comic but his replacement he
somebody was offered the job and the guy
who was offered the job said no thanks
too hot no thanks then of course there's
the anti-shah beating of anti now that
happened recently
so TDS is cranking up but here's my
all-time best example Charles blow I'm
not making this name up his last name is
blow BL Oh W anyway
Charles blows job is that the New York
Times I'm just telling you the news
Charles blow his job is that the New
York Times where he's a writer and he
said it in a tweet today there are tanks
in the nation's capital and
concentration camps at his border the
drift the drift toward unimaginable is
unmistakable the drift toward the
unimaginable is unmistakable so Charles
blow whose job is that the New York
Times says that between the
concentration camps he calls them and
the parade were clearly sinking into a
Hitler like situation now what do you
hear that do you have the same reaction
I do which is you can't really tell if
he's serious I mean I know that he means
it to be taken seriously but do you
think that if you had a private
conversation with him and he knew that
you weren't going to talk about the
conversation and you were and you know
just a private setting
and he said Charles Charles I uh I saw
your tweet it's pretty funny but you
don't actually think that what you're
saying is the lead up to a dictator
taking over the country you don't think
that's actually happening to you and
what would you say and here's the fun
part I actually don't know I don't know
if he believes this is true do you do
any of you could you tell I really can't
tell so that's amazing
here's another amazing thing the same
year that Pete Buddha jej is running for
president and president Trump's said in
the tweet that Alfred e Newman will not
be President
Mad Magazine just announced that they're
gonna discontinue publishing new content
so it turns out the Alfred E Newman will
be looking for a new job maybe president
maybe
all right I tweeted out a an article by
Newt Gingrich in which he is he is
predicting that Khan lares will be the
nominee for the Democrats and he says
that he's been predicting it since
January and I wondered when was the
first time I predicted it so I went to
my predictive account to see when I
bought stock because I actually bet on
table I didn't better than anybody else
right so I've only placed one bet and I
wanted to see what it was it was eight
months ago so there was a November but
I'm gonna tell you something that I'm
not supposed to tell you you might
believe me you might not believe me but
I'm gonna tell you because it's fun last
August
you probably heard most of you did I was
invited to the White House and got to
chat with the president now of course
one does not repeat what happens
the conversation with the president but
I will tell you one thing that I said
because I think that's fair I predicted
in the Oval Office just about a year ago
11 months ago that the nominee would be
calmly Harris now we don't know if she
will be but I would say at this point
it's sort of obvious that is that it's
shaping up that way there was a period
not too long ago when I lost confidence
in that prediction because she was just
disappearing on the campaign trail her
tweets were beyond boring and I was
starting to think huh is she actually
just not a good candidate but then she
came alive during the debates and the
the entire narrative has changed and now
it looks like Biden is just slipping and
Bernie's slipping and it's really gonna
be preteen Warren and Harris and of the
two of them Harris is I would say a head
above so if it comes down to Warren and
Harris I think the safe bet is with
Harris although there are no guarantees
in this world all right so I'm gonna go
on record as being the earliest
predictor of Harrison and I was
predicting it publicly before before
then I think I think a year ago was the
first time I said it I saw a tweet by
Tim Poole
who said that even the progressive
YouTube accounts are losing followers
like crazy apparently and I didn't know
this I just found this out that YouTube
moved against all of the news and
political stuff so it didn't matter if
you were left or right which would
explain why David Pakman who would be
more associated with left it would
explain why he lost a bunch of viewers
as well yes you're right we have not
enjoyed the simultaneous sip yet let us
pause now grab you a copy your mug your
glass grab your Stein your chalice your
tankard your thermos your flask the
vessel of any kind fill it with coffee I
like
filled with your favorite look at I like
coffee and now for the dopamine hit of
the day thank you for reminding me the
day would not have been the same without
it so anyway given that YouTube has
decided to suppress if that's the right
word or throttle back news and political
content from both the left and the right
I don't know if that's the best decision
in the world but it's their decision and
when I found that out I signed up for a
shoot so Ben shoot is the competitor to
YouTube and they have a new tool and I
was just looking into it apparently Ali
Alexander was behind that at least he
was
I don't know how deeply involved he was
but he was part of making this happen
I'm not sure who actually did the code
could have been could have been part of
Ali's design or not but anyway he was
central to getting a tool that were to
automatically move your videos from
YouTube over to bit shoot so just before
I signed on I created an account and I'm
doing a test of moving one video over
now I'll probably just be mirroring the
content for a while so
but given that YouTube has a if I had to
put the odds on it I'd say I hope 30%
chance of just kicking me off the
service entirely wouldn't you say 30%
chance I would just get kicked off
entirely now I don't think it would
happen unless I start making a
difference in the election if that
happens I'm sure pretty sure I'll get
kicked off but I've got a backup now so
I'll let you know about that let's talk
about Portland so as you know reality is
subjective and we're living in a big old
simulation I don't know who's the author
of the simulation
I think it might be me because things
certainly seem to go my way quite often
but it turns out that the chief of
police in Portland where an tyfa
attacked indeed now and you know there
was that latest dust-up the name of the
Chief of Police I'm not making this up
her last name is outlaw the chief of
police in the town that was having
trouble controlling the crime her actual
last name is outlaw spelled exactly like
outlaw I'm not making that up I swear
that's true here's the second part
that's interesting outlaw has suggested
that Portland ban masks in public public
demonstrations now who was saying that
besides me I'm trying to I'm trying to
say I I'm pretty sure Greg Gutfeld said
it on the five but besides us who else
said the Portland Portland needs to
change the laws to make masks illegal
did we make a difference I don't know
yeah but I asked you that's an actual
question did you see anybody else
calling for that because I was saying
and still say that just because Portland
has crime and some violence would not
keep me from going there because every
city is in crime and some violence but
my redline was that they have a law that
allows you to wear a mask in public to
do your violence and under those
conditions I will never go to Portland
so let me say it again I will never go
to Portland again as long as that law
stands that you can wear a mask in
public and beat up Trump supporters with
impunity
- Tucker say somebody's saying that
Tucker Carlson said it which would
certainly have amplified the message a
thousand times from when I said it but
um and then a spokesperson who's opposed
to the unmasking somebody from the
American Civil Liberties Union of Oregon
said that it doubts a policy prohibiting
masks could be enforced in a
constitutional manner and and
spokesperson says quote a policy that
prohibits wearing a mask to a protest
will have police focusing on the wrong
issue will it because I think wearing a
mask to a protest so that you can beat
people with clubs with impunity is sort
of the only important issue that's
happening what was the other issue that
they would be ignoring while they're
we're preventing masked terrorists from
beating people with deadly weapons
is it the littering what exactly are the
other issues that they would be
distracted from then she goes behavior
is the issue not the mask to which I say
the mask is the behavior you put the
mask on to do the behavior the mask is a
big part of the behavior this is the
most ridiculous weakest argument I've
ever seen and that's and then she says
the spokesperson goes on to say there
are many legitimate reasons people wear
masks including political and religious
reasons okay
I'm not convinced and I'm gonna say
something now that'll probably get me
kicked off of most social media and I'm
gonna be careful about this but I'm
gonna give you my honest opinion about
it you need to know some background for
when I watched the videos of an Dino
being hit on the head and then of course
there the news shows other clips you can
see them on the internet of other people
being hit on the head it's obvious that
part of an taifas strategy at least the
people coming to cause trouble
they're coming specifically to hit
people on the head with blunt objects
it's obvious that that's the strategy
they're not going for the body they're
going for the head and they're bringing
specifically the kind of tools that
would that would make a lot of damage on
the head let me give you some background
on my feeling about this many of you
know my stepson died in the past year
from an opioid overdose including
fentanyl so you've heard that story
so you've watched you've watched the
pain I went through kind of trying to
deal with the fact that you know I'd
worked so hard to keep him on the right
path but couldn't do it and he died this
year of an overdose what you don't know
is that it's the second time he died the
first time he died was after a bicycle
accident in which he had a head injury
now he was wearing a helmet and it was
just a freak injury no it wasn't
anybody's fault it was a just a sort an
ordinary childhood injury but he landed
in a freakishly weird way where the
helmet didn't help as much as it should
he was rushed to the emergency room with
a helicopter yeah I think he was 14 he
was rushed to the emergency room in the
helicopter unconscious where he stated
unconscious for a while when he came
back that his brain was bleeding and of
course why I saw the Endino story as I
was reminded of that for the next month
or so after he had been released he had
to be kept in a dark quiet room so the
the
those would be darkened and and he
couldn't have any noise and he couldn't
have the TV on or anything else he
simply had to stay there coming in and
out of consciousness
for about a month that was the diet that
was the prescription medically because
when you've got such a bad head injury
you don't want any inputs so for about a
month and the problem was that when he
was awake he couldn't make good
decisions and he couldn't stand up
straight so if he tried to walk he would
fall and he would injure his head again
that was the danger but you couldn't
strap him down I mean you couldn't tie
him up and you couldn't reason with him
not to try to stand up and use the
bathroom or walk around because his
brain wasn't working so we had to have
round-the-clock for a month an adult
laying on the bed next to him and an
awake so that you could grab him if he
tried to get up you had to physically
restrain him so for a month I took turns
with my ex and his biological father who
moved into the moved into my house at
least for the time that he was you know
caring for the kid I mean we took breaks
of course but but we took eight-hour
shifts or whatever it was and we would
just stay there in silence next to him
on the bed for a month in the dark when
he recovered if you can call it that to
the point where he could you know
function and go back to school and stuff
he was no longer the same person his
personality was radically different and
the way that it was different
specifically it was I think was
different in a few ways but the way it
was different specifically is that he
could no longer recognize risks for what
they were he went from being a very
cautious kid who really didn't like to
skateboard in any dangerous way he
didn't like to do anything that was
dangerous he was the most cautious kid
you've ever
scene but after the head injury he no
longer had any fear for any physical
danger including drugs and his friends
came to us you know in in the following
years and would say to me you have to do
something because we'll be at a party
and he'll be you know totally zonked out
and somebody will handed in drugs and we
know there's way too much that he
shouldn't do it but he will take
everything that's handed to him he will
not distinguish if it's handed to him
and it oh he says he'll take it doesn't
matter what it's mixed with doesn't
matter how much doesn't doesn't matter
and it was part of his complete lack of
fear he you know he did other things who
are dangerous as well so I watched him
die twice once from a head injury the
the child he used to be didn't exist
after that he became a different
creature and it was a creature that
couldn't survive in her world because he
didn't have a normal sense of risk
avoidance so when I watch Andy now
getting hit on the head by people who
came there to have people on the head
and then I watch Lee I watched the I
watched the video clips of other people
being hit in the head who were being hit
by auntie fall and I say to myself do we
treat that do we treat that like normal
assault you know it is that the same as
if you break somebody's arm is is the is
the penalty the same for hitting
somebody in the head and changing who
they are for the rest of their
biological lattic life is that the same
as breaking somebody's arm I don't think
you should be based on my experience
somebody says they should be treated as
attempted murder and I disagree I
disagree if somebody comes with the
intention of creating head injuries and
then does it
and creates a head injury I would treat
that as the death penalty I'm in favor
of the death penalty for an tyfa the
people who came and actually hit people
on the head let me say it again because
i don't want to be I don't want to have
any ambiguity about this the current law
probably treats it as some kind of
assault
bla bla bla I don't care what you call
it
if you come somewhere to injure
somebody's head and then you do it there
should be the death penalty now here's
the part that's gonna kick get me kicked
off of all social media are you ready
for this this might be the last time you
ever see me and I'm not kidding if you
put me on a jury trial for somebody who
shoots somebody for hitting somebody
over the head at an anti-fog rally let's
just say hypothetically and by the way
I'm very much not encouraging this
behavior do not do anything violent and
and I'd like to compliment everybody
really everybody who owns a gun I'd like
to compliment everybody who owns a gun
that nobody in antiphon has ever been
shot
think about that think about who they're
going up against and how many guns that
group and their supporters collectively
own zero people have been shot how many
people has a van tyfa attacked in their
head their head quite a few how many
have been shot zero I would hope that
we'll go through the rest of time and
nobody will ever be shot don't shoot
anybody
do not shoot anybody that said if
somebody did and you put me out
a jury trial I would not convict them I
would not convict anybody who took out
an anti-fog person for hitting somebody
else and they had intentionally wouldn't
do it now good luck getting 12 people
who are random citizens to convict
because you wouldn't get me to do it so
this is probably the last time you'll
ever see me on social media we'll see
how that goes but since YouTube is de
monetizing me anyway there D monetizing
these pretty much automatically now let
me just say that we're treating this all
wrong we're treating it all wrong
because if we're treating somebody who
comes with a blunt object a pipe or a
you know sock full of coins or whatever
they're using and they're going for the
head that's the same as murder because
those people probably will never be the
same I don't know if you saw Andy now
being interviewed not too long after the
attack on dr. Carlson
I I didn't ever see him before that but
he didn't look like he was in good shape
and I would ask ask you what are the
odds that Andy now will have no
permanent damage from that I don't know
the odds of permanent damage pretty high
look at all the football players as
somebody said if you look at the
football players there's a pretty big
percentage of them who have permanent
problems because of all the concussions
so I think we need to account for the
fact that we're smarter and that there's
there's more understanding of what a
head injury means if you have a cartoon
idea of what a head injury is you know
you've watched movies where people get
hit on the head and they're unconscious
for a while and then they they pop up
and they save the world
that's not what that's all about
head
head injuries kills the person in the
inside of that skull not every time not
every time but enough that you could
treat it as murder if it did so so I'm
gonna go throw down my steak there I
think that the anti-fog people if they
wear a mask especially and they show up
with a blunt object and they has
somebody in the head you should be the
death penalty and if there happened to
be somebody there and I do not recommend
this I hope you do not do this but if it
happened I would never convict so that's
my story
it didn't mean to be a downer today but
one of the reasons that I like to think
of the the anti-fog people as being
attracted to the violence more than the
politics which at which the insiders
will admit therefore the the adrenaline
buzz now you have to ask yourself what
allowed that to happen what allowed this
situation to exist and I would say to a
great extent it's the illegitimate media
you know the fake news because they've
told the story where somebody like
Charles blow can say and I read this
earlier
this is his tweet today this is this is
somebody who's yeah you could consider a
thought leader this is somebody who
should be you know helping people to
think better about their situation and
Charles below says let this think in or
read it again there are tanks in the
nation's capital and concentration camps
at its borders the drift or the
unimaginable is unmistakable now if you
are a young not too bright person and
you saw serious adults tell you that
President Trump and his supporters
are moving the country toward a
hitler-like situation what would be the
most responsible patriotic thing for you
to do it would be to resist it and even
violently so Charles blow you've got
some blood on your hands
Charles blow you have blood on your
hands you're the kind of person who's
and again I can't tell how much you
actually believe what you're saying and
how much you're saying it for effect
just can't tell but either way you're
creating a situation where people are
hitting people on the heads in public
wearing masks while they do it
and thinking they're on the side of the
right meaning on the side of good not
not political right they actually think
they're on the side of justice and
Charles blow you cause that you should
take some responsibility for the for the
the death that's coming into that and
the injuries should really take some
responsibility for that as well as the
rest of the media so yes let's keep it a
little bit lighter I started the hashtag
that I thought would drive the drive the
Trump haters crazy because they were
worried that he was going to have tanks
President Trump left tanks at his
celebration and so I created the hashtag
tanks President Trump which just sounds
funny all right
that's all I have to say for now I
didn't mean to be a downer but I do
think we probably have to deal with this
antiphon stuff and at the very least get
rid of the masks don't hurt anybody
don't be violent and I'm proud of all of
you who have will say kept your Second
Amendment right
and not not abuse them because you
certainly had every every reason to do
so but thank you for not doing that it's
a great credit to you for control it's a
great credit to your I don't
constitutional integrity let's call it
so that's my compliment to you
and I will talk to you all later