oh hey everybody come on in here yeah
yeah I'm a little bit late I overslept
sue I'm a little bit underprepared but
you're not even gonna tell the
difference because once your day starts
off with the peak experience of the
simultaneous sip you can barely notice
that anything's wrong with the world and
it doesn't take much to participate all
you need to join me in the simultaneous
app is a cover of migrant glasses time
to tell us of Tanqueray thermistor flask
a canteen a vessel of any kind of
filling with your favorite liquid I like
coffee please join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the simultaneous ember here
it is goodness well we got a few things
to talk about so first of all let's set
let's talk about all the news that the
Democrat candidates for president are
making and here's all the news that are
making today okay that's all the news
from the Democratic candidates
apparently they're all boring the only
news story and of what 20-some
candidates the only one who produced a
news story was Bill DeBlasio because he
did a remote interview and the the
technology didn't work and it made him
sound funny that's it that's the only
story that 20 Democrats could generate
now let's look at the other side as
president Trump done anything lately
that made any news nah man does he know
how to make news all right so first of
all you may or may not be trying to buy
Greenland
where he may or may not put the space
force and apparently he's calling the
the Democrats a bunch of anti-semites
but not to be outdone the Democrats have
decided that the president is an
anti-semite but not to be done
Breitbart recently I think it was
yesterday or this morning as an article
about some New York Times editor who has
some tweets that are being called out as
potentially anti-semitic so instead of
electing a president based on let's say
good policies instead of picking a
president based on who you agree with
philosophically instead of picking a
president because you think they have
the right gravitas and personality and
and they make a good good representative
of the country we're not doing that this
time
this time the only thing that matters is
who can slime the other side as being
more anti-semitic apparently it just
came down to that that's it that's all
anybody cares about which side is more
anti-semitic now I've said before that
the president has finally found a
productive let's say escape path from
the accusations he's been getting from
the start of your racist
IRRI racist defense didn't work because
when you're defending yourself against
that claim you're still talking about
that claim so you can't really defend
yourself it's one thing you can't really
defend so he want what he was doing is
just sort of ignoring it and tried to do
some things that would disprove it by
his actions as president but of course
nobody cares about what you actually do
nobody really cares about what you do
they care about how they can spend
things etc and so what he did didn't
really matter to his critics they didn't
err that he was doing things that were
clearly the opposite of what a racist
would do the opposite of what a entice
um I would do none of that mattered it
just mattered if you can you know take
the narrative and put it in the put in
whatever is happening today so as the
New York Times described in their
recorded meeting they said they were
going to create a framework and then
slot in all the stories to make it look
like it's all a big story of President
Trump being a big ol racist and his
supporters - of course
but now the president's taken the
approach of simply calling the other
side racists and he has as much evidence
for his claim as they have of their
claim meaning that it's all bs
in other words you know they're for the
most part that the Democrats in general
are not racist for the most part
Republicans in general are not racist
although both both groups has bad people
in them and the president of course is a
slime with every accusation and none of
it really rings true unless you're on
the TTS side in which case everything
looks true to you so the president's
gone on offense and it's really just
come down to who could make the other
side look more anti-semitic I said we
don't even care who's running on the
Democrat side anymore
doesn't seem relevant so Bernie's come
up with some kind of a plan I should I
should say that there is one Democrat
that got a little attention so Bernie
has a plan it's a 17 trillion dollar
green new deal I think I'll look at the
details of Bernie's plan now is it 17
trillion dollars and he's number two in
the polls of the time across ID so if
he's got a 17 trillion dollar plan
that's pretty important right I'd better
read about all the details okay I'm
bored I don't think I want to read any
more details of it are any of you gonna
read to any of the detail
a Bernese 17 trillion dollar plan I
think part of the problem with birdie is
that I don't know if anyone thinks he's
gonna get it nominated even though he's
number two in the polls and the only
person ahead of him probably isn't gonna
make it to the finish line so what is it
about Bernie that apparently nobody on
either side speaks of him like he could
be the nominee
you know nobody had that nobody to
either side think so and he's like this
close to grabbing the nomination and
nobody takes him seriously is it
possible that Bernie will you know sort
of sneak in because we're literally
ignoring him possibly do you know
there's a funny story about Seinfeld a
true story I believe it's true if you
watch the first few episodes of Seinfeld
they're pretty terrible
they're terrible and the first season in
fact you know you could tell there was
something there you could see there was
an x-factor that that could have been
developed but overall the first season
was pretty weak but it got reoptimize
odes and and then they got better at
what they were doing and before anybody
really noticed that they weren't doing
well they learned how to do well really
well so simply being under the radar
really helped Seinfeld you know find its
voice and become the great show that it
was Bernie might be doing something like
that accidentally he might be developing
a stronger campaign than we think
because we're not really watching
there's no heat there people are saying
it's gonna be Elizabeth Warren you know
that's the popular thing to say now and
I get why people say it but I
iq honestly I can't see any of the top
three Democrats actually being the
nominee in my my imagination of the
future I just can't imagine it now that
doesn't mean it won't happen but why is
it that I can't imagine it whereas I
still can't imagine I can imagine
Harris making it through the pack now
that doesn't mean she will but I can
imagine it just can't imagine the other
three what's that mean does it mean
anything
maybe not all right so so the biggest
controversy the outrage if you will
let's call it the outrage of the day and
I'd like to reintroduce my new segment
called outrage theater each day I will
pick something that's a phony outrage
and I will have Dale come in to enact
the phony outrage Dale did you hear that
the president of united states looked at
the heavens and referred to himself as
the chosen one I know I know some people
say he's just joking around because
that's what he does but I'm not so sure
he doesn't think he's actually chosen by
God what do you think hell are you
outraged
Thank You Dale it's outrageous it's
outrageous and what about the president
suggesting that if if you're Jewish and
you don't if you're Jewish you leave out
Democrat then you could be disloyal what
about that Dale come here Thank You Dale
why don't we treat any of this is
seriously dude is that my imagination or
have all these types of our ages and
issues than politics it feels like there
was a time when we thought they were
real right wasn't there a time when you
saw stories like that and you thought
the person X has said something truly
bad and it's revealing their inner
thoughts and now that we know their
inner terrible thoughts maybe we should
do something maybe it's a problem they
have so much power or they could have
power but now now do you see it the same
it doesn't really look the same anymore
does it and now when you see the daily
outrage my god my god can you believe
how ins always had act it just looks
ridiculous now doesn't it it's not just
me is it it no longer looks like
anybody's even trying it looks like
everybody's playing it for the laugh
like it's literally outraged theater the
people wake it up and saying is there
anything in the news today that I could
get outraged at let's see there's a
whole person said something a little bit
inelegantly
yeah I can work with that yeah okay let
me give it a try oh no Bob said that the
Eskimos like snow not strong enough what
else we have here teacher okay somebody
said something that if you really twist
it and take it a weird definition of it
and assume the worst I could yeah I
could I could turn this into something I
can make an outrage out of this I think
I could make an outrage out of that yeah
yeah that's going down well I'll try
this one out today so you got that
here's a here's a tweet from David from
David from you know where David's from
well I'm not going to tell you where
David's from but his name is David from
and he's from somewhere it's not good
and he says this is an actual tweet
somebody sent this in public and didn't
think you sounded ridiculous which is
the funny part imagine somebody sat down
to write this quote in a tweet there's
their own tweet and they thought yeah
yeah this is gonna sound totally sane
and yeah I think I think this will make
me look good so here's my tweet
so David from tweets in his
self-loathing heart Trump knows Obama is
bigger than he is around the world as
well as in the United States that
knowledge tortures Trump never allows
him a minute respite yeah that's right
David from who maybe has never even
talked to President Trump I mean maybe
not at once but doesn't know him doesn't
work with him and yet and yet can read
his mind now not only can David from
read his mind
but he can read it in a way that he
knows other people can't read Trump's
mind and therefore David Frum does the
mind-reading for all of us and then puts
in a tweet so that we too can enjoy the
benefits of David from mind reading and
he's read the president's mind and he
sees self-loathing in his heart but her
self-loathing in his heart and he knows
Obama is bigger than him worldwide he
can't live with it and now that
knowledge tortures Trump it tortures him
and he writes this to the tweet he sends
it off and he thinks to himself because
I can read his mind
see what I'm doing here I can read David
from his mind let me let me I got it I
almost got it
give me a moment his thoughts are coming
in oh no I missed it I was reading the
thoughts of the guy sitting next to from
oh my the
the guy sitting next to from right now
on the other side of the country he does
not like to a problem let me tell you
that okay but I wasn't I wasn't trying
to read oh the guy sitting next and from
him really has some bad thoughts whoa he
has her okay let's leave that now move
over move my mind reading over
okay locked in all right I am doing mind
meld across the country with David Frum
and whoa
he likes vanilla ice cream oh that was
an ice cream he he he I think he hates
puppies oh my god he hates puppies and
he is he hates the country yes yep
he hates the United States you know uh
yep and he purple his favorite color
and oh my god my goodness he's planning
a horrible crime I am sorry I had to
break my mind melt it was too much for
me what I saw in there the darkness now
darkness it was too much for me I had to
I had to break it so the Babylon be I
had an article recently and it said
among other things the article said it
was quoting the Portland police after
the the big mix-up there and it said
quoting the Chief of Police whose name
is outlaw that's her actual name the
head of police and Portland her last
name is outlaw seriously she said we
wish there were some kind of organized
armed force that could fight back
against the Anti Fog now people said
after I tweeted that article people said
my god it's life they're almost the
onion I can't believe that Portland
would say that don't they know that
Portland does have an armed force to
fight against antiphon it's called the
police and and and and and the person
who said it was the head of the police
doesn't she realize does she have no
self reflection doesn't she realize they
is the police she is the armed force how
can she be calling for an armed force to
fight aunty Fah
well it turns out that the babylon bee
is like the onion they are a satire
publication but it was enlightening to
see how many people couldn't tell the
difference
the distance between satire and reality
has shrunk so much that actual real
adults who can have families and get
married and have jobs and drive to work
and make their make it home couldn't
tell the difference you know functioning
smart adults couldn't tell the
difference between complete satire and
reality Portland police are so
ridiculous that you couldn't tell
alright what else would he have going on
well oh I love Trump's response when he
was doing his helicopter talks on his
way to his helicopter he gives his
little spontaneous talks with the press
and holds court and by the way it's the
best thing he does if you don't if
you've never watched Trump give us Fonte
Gnaeus press what do you call it I don't
know gaggle or something when he's on
the way to the helicopter it's the best
it's just about the best Trump he's
really really good at it and he just
holds court and he controls them and he
insults the press and it's always
hilarious that's where he did his I'm
the chosen one joke that people couldn't
tell was joke but when they accused him
of being an anti-semite because he said
that something about Jewish voters being
loyal to you know they should be loyal
to themselves basically they said that
that was anti-semitic and the president
says quote
no it's only it's only anti-semitic in
your head it's only a tie synthetic in
your head isn't that the best now it's
only anti-semitic in your head because
you know I keep telling you how well the
president frames things and reframes
things and brands things and how it uses
visual language so when he said in your
head that is so much better than saying
in your thoughts or in your mind cuz
thoughts and mind are non-physical but
your head's a physical thing it's a it
seems like a small thing but it's just
one of the things that Trump does
consistently right in persuasion he
always talks in terms of visuals so when
you say no no it's only in your head
that's a stronger statement than only in
your mind because you imagine their head
you can't imagine a mind so he basically
took this idea that somebody says hey is
this is this thing out in the world is
this something you said and now it's
part of the real world and Trump looks
at me Gus no no that's only happening in
your head I feel like I think I can use
that because I've probably said a
million times that people are imagining
it you know I've said that people have
TDs I've said that you know I've said
that you're over interpreting it I've
said that people are taking things out
of context now compare all the things
that I said that are non-physical
they're all sort of conceptual well
you've got TDS it's sort of a concept
let me explain it it's three words it's
trumped arrangements syndrome and
suggests there's a mental thing
happening that doesn't make you broken
it just means there's a hysteria and so
I'm trying to explain this concept it's
tough to sell a concept concepts are not
persuasive Trump says no no that's just
happening in your head it's just sort of
perfect
everything I've ever said on the topic
and I've said a lot I've said a lot
three years I've been talking about the
concept of people having TDs and being
confused and seeing things wrong
confirmation bias and all of that
everything I said has made no difference
whatsoever I think it seems to have
convinced nobody of anything and Trump
just looks at the guy and he smiles he
goes no no that's just happy to you in
your head and I thought well that's a
keeper that's just happening in your
head think he'll just just think imagine
you're the reporter and you say
something and it let's say the president
answered some other way and the
president said well you know you're
looking for things that aren't there's
confirmation bias you know of course I
didn't say that you know you're the
anti-semite suppose you'd says something
like that what would the reporters say
the reporter would say ah I've got great
stuff to take out of context I'm gonna
be taking this out of context you know I
got some material here but now imagine
you're the reporter and you say
president Trump you said Beauvoir isn't
that as a Semitic and the Trump says no
no let's just say it's a somatic in your
head how do you feel just put yourself
as but and the president I says looks at
your says no no that's just happening
inside your head it's really powerful
it's so simple and it's so perfect no no
it's only happening in your head
it just completely treats it like it's
not a thing I've never seen a brushback
pitch that effective I mean imagine
you're the President of the United
States you're on camera the entire world
is watching and a reporter from a major
publication calls you an anti-semite
because of something you recently said
that was ambiguous how many people could
have brushed that back so jauntily he
just looks at him because no no that's
just happening in your head
oh all right it's so how does how does
CNN Headline it so they had they put
headline on this story that says Trump
ads Jews to his hip parade of hatred his
hip parade of hatred so now we have this
absurd situation where every day the the
president is accusing the Democrats of
being anti-semitic and the Democrats are
accusing the president of being
anti-semitic it's a little bit
ridiculous if you can take any of this
seriously you're missing the show it's
no longer about what anybody's saying
it's just not about that anymore
it's not really about policies it's not
about that anymore it's about the show
and the show is really good here's
something interesting and scary
apparently there are things called super
volcanoes have you ever heard of that a
super volcano because when you say
volcano it's already plenty scary but
apparently there are half a dozen or so
so-called super volcanoes potentially
under the earth they're distributed
around the earth and various volcano
places and apparently if any one of
these volcanoes does their thing it's
going to be a serious problem for the
earth as in 10 percent of us died right
10 percent of the earth will die and the
rest of us aren't going to be too happy
about it at all and apparently these
super volcanoes are not just possibly
going to erupt they're guaranteed so we
have under our under the earth half a
dozen different volcanoes that are
pretty much guaranteed eventually to
erupt now it could be a hundred thousand
years from now I mean because we're
talking about big timelines what is good
erupt and whatever it does maybe a
billion people will die that's a big
deal
and yeah they talk about being overdue I
don't know exactly if they can tell that
but here's here's my thing apparently
there are things we could do to reduce
the risk I don't know what that is maybe
it may be a drill a hole and let some of
it out or something I don't know what
the details are but a lot of the people
who say we should put 17 trillion
dollars into a green new deal for
example people were saying we could we
should immediately reorient our entire
economy for a climate change always
treat it as though is the problem it's
the one thing we know about that could
you know devastate or a little literally
decimate hey I've never used that word
correctly I would like to take a moment
to Pat myself on the back for using the
word decimate accurately decimate for
those of you or nerds means that you you
lose 10% of your army basically so
deaths as in DC as in ten people use it
use decimate to mean completely
destroyed but it means 10% so that
volcano could take 10% of the population
of the earth so it could decimate there
I've never used that word correctly
first time and so I say when people are
looking at climate change they say let's
put all of our resources there because
this thing could could be the end of
humanity but I say when we don't have
one risk that could take out humanity we
probably have half a dozen if we really
thought about it
you've got your meteors your asteroids
that might be heading toward the earth
we could put trillions of dollars into
detectors and even maybe nuclear rockets
that could fly out there and catch them
early enough then a small change could
knock them off course something like
that we got the super volcanoes we have
the risk of pandemics we have the risk
of I don't know
clear war seems like we've got a lot of
risks out there so we should figure out
how to distribute our or our resources
across these major ist's that could kill
us all kill us all all right it looks to
me like there's not much else going on
is there anything else you want to talk
about I'm gonna initiate the secondary
simultaneous sip if you are prepared you
will have the pleasure of - yeah -
simultaneous sips and the same day are
you kidding me how great is this get
ready go how many of you saw bill Polti
giving away a Tesla today did you see
that you did it I believe it was live
before I came on on periscope so make
sure that you're checking out what bill
Polti is doing his Twitter's at Polti
pul te and he has really turned a
philanthropy into a whole new thing I
mean not only is he pioneering this
using social media in the way that he's
doing it for for good but there's
something there's something really
important about what he's doing that I
think is way bigger than the fact he's
giving money to people who need it
have you ever looked for meaning in your
life and couldn't find it it's probably
applied to many of you do you ever wake
up and think oh man well like what's the
point and why why am I here and what's
my meaning what am i adding to the world
and all that stuff
part of it is because we don't live in
these small tribes where everybody's
helping each other because helping
people that are part of your tribe
people you know people who are close to
you people who you can see the reaction
once you help them is really good for
people it's it's part of what we need
we're biologically and
Lucia narrowly designed to help out and
when do we help other people we get a
feeling a meeting but our current world
everything all responsibilities are sort
of distributed out and we let the
government and take care of people who
need it and then we don't get any of
those tribal feelings do you get any
kind of a good feeling when you pay your
taxes because I pay my taxes and it goes
into the government and most of it gets
wasted and some of it ends up helping
people but I don't see their faces
it just goes into this big concept
called the government and then I hope
something good comes out of it but what
bill Polti is doing is he's showing you
the faces and the stories of the people
and allowing you to connect directly to
them be part of giving them something
that completely solves completely solves
at least one problem they have you know
one person gets a new set of teeth
somebody gets a way to get to work that
sort of thing and then you get to see
the reaction which is the important part
that's the thing he's he's adding to
this process that gives you meaning so
if you've given to one of bills
fundraisers
you know various GoFundMe for different
people in need you get to see that
person receiving the gift and learning
about it for the first time and then you
feel hey I was part of that I gave you
know five dollars or whatever it was and
now whoa look at this person finding out
that their biggest problem just got
solved it's an amazing feeling and so
what bills doing that's special is he's
found a way to take this big cold
impersonal world where we have the right
instincts but we don't have the right
systems to connect our instincts to help
people with the people and he's created
this on a highly visible way so you can
tap into it and you can be part of it at
a completely reasonable cost because
each person is giving a little bit but
there are a lot of us and so it's it's
directed at people in a very effective
way
all right just thought I'd tell you that
I think I might do a separate periscope
a little later today or tomorrow I'm not
sure to give you some updates on one hub
some very interesting things actually
I'll tell you now well I'll tell you in
a special periscope I won't put that in
here that's all that's going on today we
are in August and so the news is
necessarily slow how comes for the
system somebody's asking me why isn't
supporting the NRA and then having the
NRA influences government why is that
not a system that is a system it's a bad
one so it's not just a case of systems
or better than goals some systems are
better than other systems so now if the
only thing you want is to get a result
and you don't care what the outcome of
it is then paying the NRA to go fight
for you and get the stuff you want might
get you what you want so in terms of it
working in might what's the downside the
downside is that it's not a credible
result because all the people who didn't
get what they want they look at it and
they say wait a minute
it wasn't even a vote of my fellow
citizens if my I always think that's a
sexist term my fellow citizens about my
my teammates my my country people I
don't know I don't know how to desex is
in that statement but if you if you
looked at any law and you say I don't
like that law but at least it was a
democratic process my elected
representatives who have to you know
stand for re-election made the decision
in Congress
those are credible but if you look at a
system which that's the way it's
supposed to work and instead somebody
found a workaround somebody found the
the cheat code then
you can get the result you want but it
will never be credible because everybody
who's looking at it says yeah you use
the system your system totally worked
for you so that you know if all you care
about is you get to keep your guns but
it doesn't create a stable credible
situation that works for everybody
well that system will get you that but
if you want a better result that's the
way to go you want you want the voters
to be the ones so what I want is not a
different result
so I'm not when I what I'm complaining
about the NRA I'm not saying that you
should take the NRA out of the system
because I want a different outcome
that's not what I'm saying
I'm saying you should take the NRA out
of the system because they broke the
system that works best which is the
people no I I do appreciate that they
educate people they probably keep people
a lot safer the gun owners learn how to
you know take care of their guns
somebody wants I think this is true no
no member of the NRA has been a mass
shooter that all great
I think the NRA has a lot to be proud of
and I would compliment them for
tremendously important good work but I
didn't vote for him so I want my
government and the people to make those
decisions all right what solution works
for everyone that's not relevant to what
I just said we're not trying to find a
solution that works for everyone we're
trying to find a system that produces an
outcome where some people are happy and
necessarily some people are not but even
the people were not happy saying okay I
trust the system I don't like the
outcome but it was a democratic system
or Republic did what it was designed to
do all right
yes what percentage of the NRA's budget
do you think comes from gun
manufacturers well let me ask that
without looking it up don't google it
tell me in the comments what percentage
of the NRA is funding do you think comes
from gun manufacturers versus the people
because people are donating as well what
percent let's see it in the comments
most of you are pro-gun if you're
watching this I want to see if you know
without being told what percentage it
takes a while for the comments to catch
up so I'll be watching them while they
happen I think maybe people don't want
to take a guess because you don't know
somebody says zero none zero
ninety-nine percent zero under 10
percent probably 20 percent 30 percent 7
percent 50 percent 10 percent somebody
guessed 70 percent less than 50 so most
almost all of you are way way less than
50 we've got two guesses three guesses
that are over 50 percent
most of the guesses are down into the
ten percent range but it's all over the
map so I'm saying 8090 and seven all
right so I looked it up yesterday so I
looked it up I saw an answer I think it
was on quartz or something so he left a
fact check me on this but according to
the one source I looked at and again it
could be wrong but the one source I I
saw I said that the NRA is funding is 74
percent from gun manufacturers 74
percent so when you say to yourself hey
the NRA is funded by the members to give
the members what they want nothing like
that's happening did you think that the
NRA was funded by its members to
represent his members did you think that
well fact-checked me first because I
could be wrong about this but it may
have changed that ratio may have changed
since I read it but if it's true the 74%
of the anti-racist budget comes from the
gun makers does the NRA race represent
gun owners or does it represent gun
makers which would you say would be the
truer statement how many of you who were
supportive of the NRA because you
believe the NRA is doing what you the
members want them to do how many how
many of you thought that's what was
going on there are a lot of people
saying WOW in these comments right but I
need you to fact-check me so honestly
you need to fact-check this and I'm
hoping somebody can do it in the
comments before we sign off again
I'm pro-gun pro-second amendment Pro and
all right
I think the NRA is a does a tremendous
service in the whole variety of ways
education safety etc but if you thought
that they represented the members I'd
say you should do a little research and
find out if that's true so don't take my
number it's just again I saw it on one
source on the Internet I can't I'm not
going to swear to it I wouldn't die that
that's even in the right neighborhood go
check it out if it turns out that the
NRA raise money comes mostly from
donations from its members I think it
would be fair to say it's an
organization that's designed and and and
it's a system before supporting the
consumers and if most of their funding
comes from gun makers what do you think
their priorities are I mean we live in
the real world right if it's true and
again you got to check this don't don't
take my word for it if it's true that
they get most of their money from gun
makers then that's who they work for
that's how the world works
the person who gives you most of your
money is your boss effectively if you
want to keep doing what you're doing
yeah so I'm saying it was one source and
it's not credible so far I don't see
anybody by now some of you of Google
that while you're on this periscope and
I don't see anybody debunking it yet and
it might not be true so yeah I think I
blew some Minds here I hope I hope this
statistic is correct because if I said
something this shocking and my basic
assumption was wrong
I guess I'm apologizing to do tomorrow
because you don't want to piss off the
biggest gun owning gun owning group in
the world or somebody saying that 80% of
the contributions might come from
individuals but because they give less
than companies do it could look like
most of the country most of them yeah
you could say 80% of them there is some
way that you can imagine that there's a
large number of people involved all
right I don't see anybody debunking that
yet but I don't see anybody confirm him
somebody says who pays the gun makers
well I'm not sure that's the best
question because once that money is in
the hands of the gun makers they're not
going to spend it for your benefit
you know once people have money it
doesn't matter where it came from the
people who spend it for their own
benefit somebody says they'll send a
link
it doesn't look true I feel like we need
to find out before I end this periscope
because if I got that wrong that would
be terrible
funding let's say so I'm going to the
money powering the NRA I'll just look at
the first link
buh-buh-buh-buh so they've got 350
million dollars in 2013 are you kidding
me in 2013 the NRA had 350 million
dollars donated what I had no idea was
that much uh wow it's a lot of money
I'm just looking now if I'm I'm not
looking at the screen right now so if
somebody's already solved this let me
know and right would Wikipedia have the
answer about funding funding funding
funding funding sorry I know this is
boring but I shouldn't have brought up
that topic without knowing more about it
all right it's too hard to find two are
defined it looks like some of you are
getting IRS as 47% membership dues 24%
individual contributions all right yeah
is it Quora so Acorah
I think is the the one that I saw they
had the 74% so let's say let's put a
let's stick a pin in that as they say in
boring business meetings let's stick a
pin in it and we'll research that for
next time okay so here's the basic thing
which ever way funding goes whoever is
giving the most money is probably who's
influencing the organization
but let's let's see if we can determine
that it may be something we can't
determine and I'll talk to you tomorrow
when we have the answer
bye for now