pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
[Music]
and as the curtain falls on another
wonderful day here in the simulation we
gather together to consider all the
funny and entertaining things that have
happened since last we spoke
Alexa turn on studio hey hey everybody
it's good to see you
I just got a fresh tweet from Connor
freeters Dorf from Connor freighters
Dorf who is a staff writer at the
Atlantic and the founding editor of the
best of journalism so the Atlantic as
you know is a trumped arrangments intro
and publication and so he was responding
to my to my tweet so here's my tweet and
then I'm gonna read you his tweet and I
want you to see if it makes any sense to
you because I've taught you to find
cognitive dissonance right and the the
Telfer cognitive dissonance at least the
verb will tell is that the person
babbles nonsense so if you see somebody
who should be able to put a coherent
sentence together and just can't is the
words come out but it's just nonsense
that's cognitive dissonance so I'm gonna
read this to you and you decide what
this says right so first my tweet that
he responded to I said protip if you
find yourself bleeding
bleating like a sheep quote but he
literally said that then you are
demonstrating that you don't understand
how words work meaning requires context
and never better it never matters was
somewhat literally says it only matters
what they meant
which context can help you discern all
right so my tweet says all the people
who are saying but he literally said
that are just demonstrating that they've
never lived in this world because was
somebody literally says never means
anything if I say I think I want to kill
that newspaper delivery boy which is
probably not a thing anymore it never
will be but but it doesn't mean I want
to kill it right because it I don't I
don't say what I literally mean you have
to look at the whole context so Conner
feeders Dorf looks at my perfectly
reasonable statement that context must
be included and you cannot just look at
the literal words and here's what he
says see if this makes any sense to you
what Trump meant was I'm so smart than
any kovat treatment that pops into my
head based on whatever I just heard is
worth airing to the nation it rises the
level of the tiny subset of things that
we should communicate from the White
House and that he says the context is
hugely damning what I don't even know
what is what what what does this mean it
rises to the level of the tiny subset of
things that we should communicate from
the oh so he's saying that it's
important okay so I see his point that
the president shouldn't have maybe been
in this topic but does have anything to
do with my tweet they're completely
unrelated it's just like babble on a
some other topic anyway so all day long
I've been seeing people triggered into
cognitive dissonance and just going to
into babble mode or full insult mode and
I feel like on some level this is just a
replay of the the fine people hoax
situation in which there's you just have
to look at the transcript you just have
to look at the context it's obvious but
we will never be able to agree Rob
O'Neill you probably know him as the guy
who killed
Osama bin Laden he he's fun to follow on
Twitter and he tweeted today that Kim
jong-un is dead
now I don't know maybe he has better
sources than I do he did after all
killed bin Laden but when he tweeted
that Kim jong-un is dead I tweeted back
to him and I said did you do it because
if you did that's just showing off I
mean save some dictators for for the
other guys I mean really Rob unless
somebody else have one here's one of the
funniest stories you know how every time
Trump hire somebody new or or even if he
doesn't even if there's just somebody's
been working for him for a while that
the game is to to identify people on the
other team and just you know target them
for destruction so it seems that they've
targeted Michael Caputo who you know was
targeted before in that whole Russia
exclusion stuff and they basically you
know made him spend all his money
defending himself against nothing
because it was never accused of anything
but he still had to hire lawyers and
stuff so he's been probably the most one
of the most victimized people in
politics but so he gets he gets this a
great new job just recently as the new
spokes spokesman of the Department of
Health and Human Services and of course
you know that's a pretty important job
especially now during the corona virus
stuff and so the K Files I guess that's
a CNN investigative group or something
so so they look to find all the bad
things he's ever said all the very bad
things and man did they come up with
some doozies well I don't know if they
came up with some doozies because they
only gave one real good example so this
is the guy they've targeted for
destruction for what they say or is
racist tweets I'm going to read you his
tweet and that I'm going to read you his
response when they asked him about it
it's like
one of the best responses ever so so he
had tweeted I guess back in March 12th
in response to the rumor that the United
States was the one who started the
corona virus and took it to China so he
was responding to that that crazy rumor
and he retorted in his tweet that quote
millions of Chinese sucked the blood end
of rabbit bats as an appetizer and eat
the ass end of ant eaters now I'm only
reading this because it was on CNN's
website right so it's news now I feel as
though this would be more of a humorous
exaggeration than racist because it's
not like he made up the wet markets that
Michael Caputo did not invent wet
markets he simply humorously described
them exactly as they exist now is it
offensive sure sure
yeah it's offensive was it meant to be
offensive to China the country maybe who
knows who cares I offend China five
times a day
I plan to offend China many more times
is there a law against offending China I
mean they did kill my stepson it was
offense at all I think I've got a right
to offend them so one of the tricks that
CNN does and the left us is they
conflate offensive with racist and
they're not they're not even close to
being the same offensive is what people
are all the time to each other it's
called Twitter I mean if you took away
being offensive there would be no social
media I mean wouldn't be enough left
didn't be entertaining and so yeah of
course it was offensive he wrote it that
way that's why it's funny it's funny
because it's offensive
that's how humor works is how social
media works the other the other trick
that CNN does this they'll take
something that's very provocative on
Twitter but because it's Twitter
everybody sort of understands what the
what the game
yeah of course you say stuff like that
on Twitter but as soon as CNN takes that
thing that was on Twitter where it was
just like every other thing right every
other offensive thing on Twitter
humorously offensive that's partly why
we got a Twitter the humorously
offensive stuff is if I had to a minute
sort of the main attraction at least for
me speaking for myself so anyway he's he
was offensive but you'd have to really
stretch to say it was more than that by
anyway so he bakes so this is the worst
they could find there's something about
eating the ass out of an anteater and
which to me is just funny and of course
it made me curious aren't you a little
bit curious now if the posterior part of
anteaters are actually in the wet
markets as a delicacy because I'm kind
of curious now aren't you because it
doesn't necessarily have to be true it's
just sort of a random animal body part
you know it's a funny animal an anteater
and the Anteaters ass is even funnier
than the anteater sort of double funny
so maybe I mean is it is that a thing
these people are saying no they don't
think it's the thing but what's funny is
that you that you you pause and you say
well it's probably not a thing but on
the other hand the things that are
things you wouldn't have thought of
those being things either so it's kind
of funny that way alright so here's his
response so he gets busted he's busted
for this highly horrible tweet which has
since been deleted I think he just did
the wise thing which is he cleaned up
his Twitter before he took the job and
he responded to CNN's request for
comment by saying quote fair game dude I
don't care doesn't matter to me at all
computer went on to say that he
regularly deletes his tweets quote
because it drives people mad and
defended his past Twitter behavior by
saying it was the defender of the
present
of course is that the best the best
comment he could have possibly said is a
fair game
I don't care doesn't matter at all
because you know what doesn't matter at
all does it matter
not at all yeah and here's the thing
there obviously the game here
nobody cares there's nobody to CNN who
cares about this do you think there's
somebody at CNN it was like you know I
made a list of all the important stories
and you know my Cook Caputo's that one
tweet it was like a little bit
exaggerated in a way that you could take
as being offensive yeah that's what I
care about nobody is seeing it cares
it's the least important thing of the
least important thing so just blowing it
off like that it's like I don't care
what sort of perfect and of course you
know the game is to get the Trump
administration riled up and say we're
gonna have to fire this guy because of
this but if you fire people for being
this this level of minor humorously
offensive if that's what gets you fired
you're gonna have to get rid of you know
Don junior you know you're gonna have to
get rid of you know everybody on the Fox
Network pretty much and pretty much
everybody who is a conservative has to
be fired if that's fireable alright we
got more fun stuff coming here so Trump
didn't have a press conference today and
I think that was the right call
I think I think maybe probably he's
getting the feedback that a little bit
less of that would be more so maybe
that'll be a few times a week we'll see
yeah it could be exactly as much you
know he's unpredictable we'll see but he
obviously knows that it's obvious that
the entire event is just to trap him
into saying something that they could
take out of context and if that's the
only reason you're doing it is to bait
him into saying something that could be
taken in a kind
why do it right so the Bank of China you
remember that story they said the Bank
of China had loaned the Trump
Organization millions of dollars and
therefore there was this big scoop and
Politico I think it was that that yeah
Trump was beholden to China because his
loans were gonna come due and I said
based on my experience as a banker you
know I'm not even sure there is a loan
because even if the Bank of China made
the loan it would be typical to package
up your loans and you sell them so the
bank will make the loan but then they're
not the ones who who you have to pay
back because they sell that debt to
someone else it's just part of their
business because they would rather make
new loans and get the processing fees
and the upfront stuff and then sell it
off so they have enough backing to make
new loans so I had speculated that there
was actually probably nothing that the
Trump Organization owed to Bank of China
and that was confirmed today so that was
confirmed so it turns out that the
amount of money that the Trump
Organization owes to the Bank of China
is zero zero this big breaking story big
news and you know I've told you before
that having a good talent stack in which
you've spent some time in different
domains allows you to see around corners
sometimes yeah here's a perfect example
because I was a banker I knew enough
about banking you know no baking expert
but I knew enough about banking to say
you know oh so sure he owes them any
money I'll look into that and so I
didn't know for sure but it based on my
experience it seems likely
and so that's confirmed that whole story
was fake Piers Morgan what is
what is wrong with this guy there's
something going on that I don't it's
like there's more to the story so why is
Piers Morgan
he hates the president for some reason
lately he used to be a supporter but he
completely believed the story that Trump
was asking the doctors or asking
somebody about injecting Clorox and
Lysol into bodies he actually believed
that and and tweeted angrily about it
but it gets worse he also believed the
follow-up fake story that and there was
in the New York Daily News they said
there's a spike in calls to the I guess
the poison hotlines or whatever asking
say oh yes assembly states in the
article there thirty people called the
city's poison control hotline over fears
that they had ingested bleach or other
household cleaners do you see anything
wrong with the study the the whole
corona virus has caused people to wildly
buy and use more household cleaners so
we're using household cleaners bleach
isopropyl alcohol all those cleaners
we're using them at a level that's like
you know 10 to 20 times more than ever
if you're using that stuff 10 to 20
times more what are the odds you would
get more calls about people who think
they may have accidentally ingested some
of course you will because we're using
it about 20 times more than normal so
just more of an inner environment there
are more reasons for somebody to say oh
the lid is off this bottle does anybody
know why the lid is off this bottle I
mean it just it just creates you know a
zillion opportunities for people to say
oh did that spill on my sandwich or
whatever yeah who knows why people think
they get poisoned by household cleaners
I don't think it's because they take
them intentionally so that's so reason
the organization reason did a debunk on
that and just ripped it apart but
until Piers Morgan tweeted it so not
only did he believe the fake news that
Trump was noodling about the possibility
or let's say wondering aloud about
injecting people with Clorox and and
what was the other thing
Clorox and Lysol he believes that but
then he believes that this is actually
caused the spike in poisonings which was
the second fake news I mean seriously
seriously all right here's some some
good news Trump is reviving the US
nuclear program I don't know exactly
what it means to revive the nuclear
program but it's you know John Solomon
reported it it's a story
apparently the focus at least initially
will be on opening uranium mines I
believe so that we won't have to worry
about anybody else for her uranium
sounds like a good idea plus you know
for long-term competitive reasons we
have to have a good nuclear stuff so Fox
did Fox did an article about quote a
disturbing new study this is just Sean
Hannity show help spread the help spread
the coronavirus so the idea is that
people this is their claim it's pretty
ridiculous but their claim is that
people who watch the tucker carlson who
was more alarmist if you if you use that
word about the coronavirus that they had
better outcomes in terms of not getting
it than people who watched hannity and i
i don't know this is just like the most
ridiculous study and i just tweeted and
asked people to you know spot all the
mistakes so first of all it's not
peer-reviewed
second of all where's your control
there's no control group they just
compared Hannity viewers to tucker
viewers how many how many of them are
the same viewers i don't know do they
account for that who knows is there any
selection bias meaning that the people
who choose to watch Hannity
are they
in any way if you pulled them would they
be different than the people who choose
to watch Tucker probably wouldn't you
say
because because Tucker and Andi are
different enough that you would expect
over time that there would be a
self-selection of people who had a
certain philosophical leaning would you
know go one way versus the other so it's
a it's it's the most garbage study that
as no no credibility whatsoever and to
even see this in the news is just
laughable so I don't know if any of our
news today was real did we have any real
news today I don't know it's hard to
tell so here's some more good news kind
of a USA Today poll found that 71% of
minorities in this country support a ban
on immigration to fight the corona virus
pandemic which does suggest that at
least the corona viruses may be bringing
us together because at least on this in
this case people are on the same page
here's the weirdest cool story Tom Hanks
who as you know had coronavirus his
blood is going to be used to develop a
cove in nineteen vaccine how much would
you love to have the Tom Hanks vaccine
and you'd know I got a little bit of Tom
Hanks I don't know whatever they take
out of Tom Hanks you get his DNA in here
what and so I asked is that something
Tom Cruise could do no could Tom Cruise
turn part of his body or what he could
not but Tom Hanks
is going to turn part of his body you
have the blood part he's going to turn
it into maybe a cure for a devastating
world problem somebody says why him I
don't know maybe because he was easy to
find and he was willing to volunteer
maybe he was the right age I don't know
but that's the story here are some other
interesting stories so doctors at the
University of Chicago Medicine say that
instead of using the ventilators they're
having quote truly remarkable results
using some kind of just nasal nasal
airflow things so it's just something
that goes up your nostrils instead of
down your throat and it's just a I guess
it's a gentler airflow situation I don't
know exactly why it works but they say
that that plus laying people in their
stomachs which apparently is a big deal
they found out was taking people from
low oxygen to high oxygen and I think
only one of them needed a ventilator so
this little trick first of all makes it
a less expensive device I think the
notice things probably less expensive
less complicated although we might have
a shortage of them we may have all these
ventilators that we don't need but we
might have a shortage of these nasal
cannula z' whenever that is their high
flow nasal cannula z' so and they blow
large volumes of warm humidified air
into the nose and lungs it could be the
the warm humidified part might be the
important part and so that seems like a
gigantic thing because if it turns out
that there's a lower-cost way to to save
the people who have already become
ventilator sick and they don't need to
be on ventilators because that seems to
be closer to a one-way trip these days
this could be huge I mean this could be
one of the this could be one of the
biggest things ever now here's some
other funny things there's a little
mystery why people who are longtime
smokers are actually having
better healthcare comes with the virus
and it doesn't make sense now some
people said okay it's because of
whatever the smoke is done to the lungs
over the years makes them less
susceptible but then there's also a
theory that it's the nicotine now don't
go out and do anything about this so
don't get your medical advice from
cartoonists but there's speculation that
the nicotine and there's you know
there's a known unknown connection to
the h2 inhibitors or whatever receptors
so there's some reason it should work
that's good maybe that's the thing let's
say I think the bad news is that there's
more hints that there might not be
immunity that builds up but the weird
the weird thing about that is if it's
true that you can't build up an immunity
to it then there's probably no reason to
not go back to work am i right
so is this good news or bad news it
depends who dies I suppose somebody you
know dies it's bad bad news but if you
go back to work
and that's the only thing that happens
is good news so if let's say let's say
we've got confirmation in the next week
or two and we got a confirmation that
you don't build immunity that is weird
that way it's like the only virus where
you don't build immunity now first of
all I'm still skeptical I still
completely doubt that people don't get
immunity I think they do there might be
some you know some detail of us that's
different but if it turns out that
there's no immunity and we know we can't
wait for the vaccine because that would
be too much of a wait don't we just go
back to work because if we can't count
on herd immunity and we know we can't
waste those long that will you know we
could wait it out to the the vaccine
there would be nothing left us we might
as well go back to work so it'd be kind
of bad news is good news right help me
think that through because I'm not sure
than what I'm saying makes sense I think
it would make sense if there was nothing
on the horizon that was just going to
stop this thing if the only thing we had
with some therapeutics and better
testing and stuff I think we just say
well it is what it is let's just open
the doors now here's a thought that I
don't know if everybody is completely
[Music]
let's say considered in their opinion of
what might happen in the future are you
thinking to yourself that there's a
point where the public might revolt and
just say ah screw these guidelines we're
just going to open up our businesses
because I'm here to tell you that can't
happen no matter what we individuals do
I think individuals will probably
massively disregard the guidelines
pretty soon as they already are so I
think individuals are going to go to the
beach they're going to go to the park
they're gonna take walks so I think
individuals will in fact massively just
say okay yeah we're just not going to do
this anymore we'll be smart you know
we'll try to keep our distance we'll do
the obvious things but we're just gonna
go to the park you can't tell us not to
go to the park you can't tell us not to
you know not to go fishing but that
doesn't work with businesses everybody
who has been involved I have a small
business nose it doesn't work because
you can say to yourself alright I'm
gonna open my donut store you could try
but then the police walk in and they say
we're gonna pull your permit how long do
you resist if you're the donut shop and
the police come in and say you know it's
against guidelines can't let you do it
we're gonna pull your permit to do
business or we're gonna want find you
something you can't afford it would be
the easiest thing in the world for the
authorities anywhere to stop small
businesses from opening it'd be real
easy and it would be even easier to stop
big businesses because you can just say
to them directly hey you're a big
business CEO not yet so you wouldn't
guess CEOs to go rogue and the small
businesses are too vulnerable they're
not going to take a chance you know even
even in desperation the police
can still shut them down easily and you
don't have to shop too many down before
everybody says I this isn't working
so I don't think there can be somebody
says health code violations and they
could always find something so I don't
think they're candy and
eko we're going back to work it's just
too easy to stop him but the individuals
will of course here is some other stuff
that might be good there's some
indication that an existing asthma drug
called singulair singulair shows promise
for treating kovat 19 that would be good
now that's again it's one of many things
we're looking at but there's some reason
to believe that this is a strong
contender wouldn't that be great then
Australia has introduced today there are
contact tracer an app that figures out
who comes in contact with who and if you
get I guess it's voluntary but if you
use the app and you also get tested as
positive then and only then it becomes
unencrypted and I guess authorities can
figure out who you contact it or who you
were near and then they could contact
them and somebody says they're already
on that now is that as good as I I'm not
as informed as I should be about what
Apple and Google are doing don't we
basically have that you know is what
Apple and Google are doing together
where there
I guess pooling their data of location
and information it's not the same or as
good as or not as good as the Australian
app so I don't know I don't know if
we're doing something similar or better
so here's the thing
how long can government go without taxes
all right I didn't want to say this but
I feel like somebody has to say it out
loud there's there's a few things that
you just don't want to say out loud but
we can't really avoid it anymore
there isn't any scenario in which
restaurants are going to get back to
full revenue you'd agree right now you
could say well someday yeah like in a
year or two
and I don't know any restaurant that
could survive if their business went
down 20% for a year because business
restaurants don't have much margin and
they're kind of permanently at least a
small restaurants especially I think
every restaurant will be pushed below
the profitability line so if they have
to lose money every month just to be
open how many small restaurants are
going to lose money every month just to
be open you know at what point do they
just say well I better do something else
because I can't lose more money so I
don't know that there's any way
restaurants can survive I don't see any
path for that now
of course you know if we had enough time
things would change and adjust and yeah
there's always a way to adjust the
things in the long run but in the short
run it's hard for me to see any scenario
in which there are still restaurants of
the year from now except for takeout
yeah takeout will be bustling I hope I'm
wrong and I hope that we come up with
some way to do that now to your question
how long can the government go without
taxes how long can we print money like
you know we've printed more money than
our GDP at this point just for this year
I think now how long somebody says food
trucks yeah maybe food trucks would be a
bigger deal how long can the country go
without tax revenue how long can we run
up how long can we print money first of
all nobody knows but I feel as though
the only thing that's going to happen
well let me make a bigger story about
this the corona virus is destroying a
system that was not sustainable think
about that that there's there's your
mind your mind effing thought for the
night this is the system we had the one
we were living in they was doing so well
and unemployment was low and everything
it was completely unsustainable wasn't
even close to being sustainable and
everybody knew it
meaning that the the debt was out of
control and there were some demographic
you know time bombs that were coming for
you know welfare and everything else and
then the robots are going to take the
jobs and of course you know we've got
every other problem in the world
so we before coronavirus we had a system
that couldn't possibly work it was going
to fail we didn't know when yeah we
didn't know if we had ten years or
twenty but we didn't have it anything
that looked like a path to stop runaway
spending which eventually would crush
the system and everybody knew it there
was no node no Democrat no Republican no
nobody every single person knew we were
pretending to be in a system that could
last and we weren't we were not in a
system that had any chance of lasting
and now now the question has been called
because the coronavirus just said hey
let me remove all of your assumptions
let me take away all your safety let me
let me change all the rules and suddenly
we look at and say hey our system is
completely dismantled what are you going
to do and the answer of course will be
what we always do which is to reinvent
we will reinvent we will come back
stronger and the reason we will come
back stronger is because of this
destruction it just as you know breaking
everything so you have to you have to
come up with a new way for everything
the biggest change I think will that
will be that I think we're gonna have
let me just sort of brainstorm out loud
I'll be thinking aloud here so don't
take this too seriously as of today this
is a brand new thought I feel like the
only way the society can go forward is
with a universal basic income that
everybody gets regardless of your income
and it would go something like this just
just for conversation there everyone in
the country gets $100,000 or maybe every
household gets a little more if they
have kids and stuff but let's say every
single individual gets just a hundred
thousand dollars but there's a cat
the only thing you could spend your
hundred thousand dollars on is shelter
and energy and the basics you couldn't
buy a car with it you couldn't you
couldn't buy clothes with it
so I almost think that we need a second
currency you know one currency that's
your universal basic income and that any
of you've you've got it in your let's
say it's in your wallet let's say it's a
digital currency and you can use it at
the grocery store you can use it to pay
your rent all your basics but you just
can't use it from luxury and somebody
says this is horrible I'm out have you
heard the idea whoever said it seriously
seriously uh Twitter fine who says this
is horrible and out now are you an
economist are you a professional
economist who is also a mind reader
because not only can you see all of the
ramifications of this idea which has
never been tried but at the same time
you can read my mind and you know how
the censuses are going to end so you're
out yeah how about opening your mind
just a little bit it's a little bit so
here's what I'm you know I'm not even
claiming that I'm proposing a good idea
I'm just brainstorming here so settle
down there so the idea would be that you
need to keep free market incentives no
matter what and do it there would always
be enough people like me who say well
I'm not happy with a basic life I need I
need a real life I need life where you
know I can grow and do things and you
know make an impact and stuff like that
so I could still go do my thing and then
I can own earnest much as I want just
like that now somebody says is socialism
but let me say this as clearly as I can
if you're if you're just missing it
because of socialism that means you
don't understand it all right so let me
say as clearly as possible
you're not disagreeing with it because
it's socialism you're not understanding
it because
as we currently have a system that has
all kinds of socialism built into it
this would just be a simplification of
existing socialism we you know if you're
saying to yourself Scott Scott Scott you
know I'll never live in the system with
socialism I say to you we're already
here the coronavirus has just made it
painfully obvious that the government is
is going to be supporting most of the
public probably for the long run because
most of the public won't have enough
skills when the you know when the robots
come this is just you know Andrew Yang's
thing and of course he's right in the
long run there will be people who have
the right skills to make extra money and
do extra stuff and there'll be a whole
bunch of people who just don't have any
skills they have any economic value and
we're not going to want them to die you
know you don't want your grandmother die
because she doesn't have good economic
skills so the the likelihood of a
universal basic income it doesn't matter
if you think it's a good idea it really
doesn't there's no other alternative I
think Andrew yang would agree with that
you can hate it all day long it's gonna
happen anyway because there isn't
another alternative so so you have to
lose you have to lose your fairy tale
hallucination that there's some other
path where that doesn't happen that
doesn't exist anymore and and I think
the coronavirus made plain that some
number of people just have to have to
have a simplified life now here are some
ways you could go about it you could for
example say there are certain states or
counties or locations where the people
who live there or all the people who
have lower cost housing they they ride
their bikes everywhere it's maybe it's a
designed city so that everything's close
you can walk to it you know that the
housing is designed from scratch to be
really low cost but high efficiency and
and those people just live there and
they can live there as long as they want
they just can't grow so so you'd still
have your market incentives like crazy
just like now
but the people who don't really have any
chance of making it in the future it
would also have some way to to get by
and and then they can also they can move
up if they want to based on their own
work alright so remember if you hear
this idea and you say to yourself that's
impractical it'll never work
you have to finish the sentence because
you can't say it's a bad idea that's not
that you haven't finished the sentence
the rest of the sentence is compared to
and then you say what you're comparing
to now if you say no so Scott I don't
like your idea because you know
capitalism the way we did it before
works so well to which I say no didn't
it was a complete failure we just didn't
get the we didn't get the bill yet the
only reason that we had any economic
security or economic let's say growth is
because we borrowed the money from them
but from from young people who don't
know it yet so we didn't have actual
productivity we had a sort of fake
financial one that felt good for a while
so if you if you want to go back to the
other system that's not a panel of a
plan because the other system doesn't
even exist you know it's not like you
can get on the path that takes you to
Grandma's house there is no path to
Grandma's house you can't get on
something that was never there in the
first place we just pretended it was
there so in the long run I think that we
will figure out how to live cheaper
better lives that will be more
bulletproof yeah will be better in every
way
I'm pretty sure that the the Golden Age
is still know somebody says ubi is death
is there any thinking behind that I
don't know that there is tiny houses for
everyone someone says I don't know
promote a virus has shown the cities are
no longer a viable concept there's
something to that I
traffic tells you that cities are no
longer a viable concept yeah if you
tried to spend time in New York City New
York City is completely broken in terms
of trying to get from one place to
another you're you're basically trapped
or it's just a horrible you know
horrible experience to get anywhere I
mean you go in the subways but then here
yeah and you've got all those problems
somebody says Scott Scott Scott we
already have ubi it's called welfare
well it's not it's not what I I just
described because if you get your
welfare check you can spend on anything
you want and I do not recommend that
that would be anti that would be a bad
incentives but you would you don't want
those people to die you want them to
have the basics of life but if they want
a little extra they're gonna have to
work for it where would the money come
from where did where did Bitcoin come
from you know where did the money come
from that we just print it so one of the
weird things about money is that you can
just print it you just make it you get
to say yeah we got money now and of
course governments can do that in a way
that individuals can't and the reason
that the United States can just invent
money is that they can say we'll accept
it in taxes so as soon as the government
says yeah if you pay your taxes and this
kind of money we'll take it well that
gives the money value because you always
have something you can buy with it which
is paying your taxes so the government
can create a currency and another and
just say well we back it so here it is
yeah we're gonna send you some money if
you don't want it you don't have to take
it but wouldn't it be nice you could use
it to buy some groceries all right
Nepal's opposition to ubi is very
persuasive yeah you know I can see
what's happening here which is this is
why this is why we can't have nice
things
if if anything that you say about what
I've been talking about here is that ubi
doesn't work or the social
is bad then you didn't understand what I
said right because I'm not I'm not
recommending you know Andrew Yang's
version of ubi because his would let you
spend it on anything you want and I
think that's a flaw look it was flaw in
it I don't know what involves here's I
don't know what his objection is but I
would assume it's because of what it
does to incentives and I've described a
situation where the people who get the
basic income can only have a basic life
if that's good enough well they don't
need to do any more but most people
would say you know I'd like a little
extra I'm gonna I'm gonna do a little
extra work all right yeah so so all the
things that people say about the screwed
cars inflation etc those are all true
but again you have to compare it to a
system that can't work doesn't work was
already broken which was our current
system so we don't actually have a
system that works nor do we have an idea
for one that would work with we don't
have one to go back to and we have no
idea how to build one but we do have
those skills so I do believe that you
know the country possesses in abundance
enough smart people who could say you
know let's try this let's let's uh let's
print some some money that we use for
the basics and we use our other money
for everything else and international
trade and all that and there you go
debate isn't of all about we would not
see now the fact that you say that makes
me think you don't understand what I'm
saying because I don't think we would
disagree I don't think I'll ask them
about it alright navall is about voting
for a more ubi is the problem that
people can just vote themselves or raise
is that were using well that's also
fixed by mine because
the only things I can buy her the basics
anyway you think the stores have been
bogarted way for everything
free-for-all now of course I'm not
suggesting anything like that
so if I see some objections that they
show that you understand what I've
suggested they might engage with them oh
no Val I have a case for universal basic
necessities that's that's just what I
said
so it sounds like if all that I have
exactly the same plan why would he
disagree so if you say that we should
give people necessities that's just
another way of saying you can't use this
money to buy fancy clothes and and a
labradoodle that's all I'm saying I'm
just I'm just saying a mechanism for
doing it might be a second currency I
don't think he would disagree to that
but I'll ask him
aren't there already rules whoa whoa you
can buy with food stamps yeah
first times just being a limited example
of that that is correct
you're brainstorming has crashed I don't
know what that means somebody says did
the simulation create the virus to
address climate change well believe it
or not that was actually one of my notes
and I skipped it because I didn't want
to sound like a jerk but now because
you've asked me this question in the
comments I can blame you so now I can
talk about it so I'll use the lawyer
trick well you brought it up I would not
have said this this is just a horrible
thought but hey you brought it up so
it's on you know it goes like this
you've heard the idea that the that the
earth is sort of somehow magically
self-regulating that if the if the if
the earth gets out of balance in some
way then it will find a way and you
might not you might not see it coming
then it'll find a way to get back in
balance now I have no reason to believe
that's true
right there's I don't know what logic
you would use to say that the earth
needs to go back to balance because it
seems to me that every plan is changed
you know every year forever so I don't
know that there's any reason they would
be in balance but if you take the
assumption that the earth does know how
to balance itself and the earth being at
the sum of all the creatures and energy
on it's not it's not just the dirt of
the earth I'm talking about the animals
and creatures and everything else and if
there was one thing they could deal with
the impact of humans it would be a virus
that primarily killed older people and
also put such a crimp on economic
activity that it cooled the planet and
made sure we had enough resources at the
same time because as you know if you
take let's take healthcare yeah there's
some gigantic proportion of the total
healthcare you spend for your whole life
ends up happening in the last few years
of your life
because that's when things get expensive
so there gonna be a lot of people who
would have been very expensive and
here's why I'm glad you brought this up
instead of me who would be very
expensive to the system who if this
virus had been created magically by you
know the earth trying to balance itself
it would be sort of exactly the way to
do it the the the thing that's hard to
ignore is that if the earth were alive
I'm not saying it is but if the world
were sort of like conscious and it just
said all right I guess it looks like
it's getting a little warm in here
around here I'd better do something to
adjust it I can't think of anything that
would be as effective as this maybe a
volcano so it looks weirdly weirdly sort
of on the nose for solving climate
change but I think the the Michael Moore
back film planet of the humans ended
green energy as a as an option and I
think that the corona virus and
you know everything that's changed about
civilization I think it just makes the
green New Deal seem I don't just not
important maybe someday we'll circle
back to it but the last thing we have to
worry about now is polluting too much
sounds like you just validated
coronavirus well I wouldn't call it
validated somebody says climate models
are as accurate as the virus models that
is correct
which means that they're both useful
yeah only people who've done models for
a living understand that you know it the
the most the most basic misperception is
that people think a model is supposed to
tell you what the future will be can't
they can't do that nobody can predict
the future that's not a thing nobody's
ever done that in any domain you know it
just isn't the thing what a model can do
and I've never explained it this way so
this might be the first time you've
heard a good explanation what a model
can do is if you try all the different
variables and and no matter what
variable you put into it even though
they're just estimates and assumptions
no matter what you do if it shows that
the highest part of the range isn't
going to kill you well that's good
because you can't know which variables
are the right ones or what to put in but
if you play with your model all day long
and you've changed every variable within
the range that you think is not crazy
and there's just no situation where the
world is destroyed well then you've got
some decisions so that's a perfectly
good use of a model
likewise you would do the same thing on
the low side you try every variable you
can every different assumption even wild
ones and you say alright what's the
what's the best that this could be if
everything went the way we wanted to
what's the best it could be and that and
then you look at him saying oh the best
it could be under every scenario it
still gets a little bit too warm we
don't know how long but it's gonna get a
little too warm
so I think the climate models do that
they do that they tell you that
somewhere in this gigantic range we
might have trouble but that's about all
they can do they can't tell you the
economics they can't tell you what we'll
invent
between now and then they can't tell you
how many pandemics we'll have that we'll
rearrange society they can't tell you if
we will all be cyborgs in 40 years
so models can't tell you what's gonna
happen and and as soon as you buy into
the illusion that that's what they're
for they're not even for that they're
not even built for that purpose it's
only to tell you this this big range of
possibility and and then you look at the
the virus models and you say hey but
Scott these virus models have this giant
range of possibilities and it was still
outside the range to which I say well
that's more evidence so you don't know
how models work because if the model
said we're only you know the low end
would be like a hundred thousand at one
point then it got lowered but it's the
low low point one hundred thousand and
we came in it looks like we'll blow past
sixty so if we come in at seventy
thousand and the low part of the model
was one hundred thousand that means the
model worked
that's not missing because that's so
close to the bottom range and with full
mitigation that you'd say yeah that was
pretty close it did tell us that under
these assumptions with full mitigation
we're gonna be somewhere in this 50 60
hundred thousand range and you would
make different decisions if you're in
that range than you would if it were one
or two million so did the the models
work completely the models completely
worked for what models can do what
models did not do is tell you what the
future would be because they can't do
that they just can't do that and as soon
as you fool yourself into thinking that
they can do that that's when your world
doesn't make sense anymore
because you think there was idiots are
you telling me they closed the economy
and they and their models were wrong now
that never happened
because there's no such thing as a model
that's right you can't have a model
that's wrong if there's no possibility
of it being right and there is no
possibility because nobody can see in
the future all right we ruined our world
economy because the models incorrect
completely incorrect so everybody who
thinks that the models are why we closed
the economy has not listened to dr. fell
Qi who said no we were watching what was
happening in China and Italy and it
wouldn't matter what the model said if
you're watching you know China just get
decimated and then Italy get decimated
and you see it's coming toward you yeah
how she said this directly he said no we
didn't you know we didn't need the
models for that you could tell this was
some bad stuff no model required the
models are mostly to communicate with
the public really that's that's the
primary thing that they do and they
mislead the they mislead the public
models showed that hospitals would be
overwhelmed and again are you saying
those models were wrong because they did
not predict the capacity of the
hospitals because if you're saying that
again you don't understand what a model
is the model can't tell you what it will
be can't do that it's not made for that
nobody wanted it doesn't do that only
the range that's it and I think we were
within the range in my opinion why do
you leave your corkboard blank I do that
because I don't like a lot of busy stuff
behind me I only wanted behind me things
that I wanted to be behind me so I was
like you're wheezing are you okay my my
my surgery to get my nasal sinus problem
fixed was postponed with everybody
else's post vulnerable surgeries so I'm
actually having pretty bad breathing
problem
but it's my oxygen is fine i test i test
my oxygen every day so that's fine do
you think you had the virus in January I
thought about that all day today because
now they have those home tests and if
you can talk your doctor into there's
some reason you should get tested
apparently you can do it but it would
have to be your doctor or during the
test and I was wondering if I have a
good enough reason and I think that
given the shortage of the tests the
answer is no because there are people
who need it more than I do at this point
but if there were enough tests I would
definitely take one now because there's
so many people who had the same
experience in January and they say I
don't know what I had but I've never had
anything like that before so that was my
experience whatever basically took me
out for almost the entire month of
January I mean I was in bad shape and in
January I couldn't walk upstairs I would
have to like stop and pause and like and
I just thought it's cold or allergies or
something I didn't really know what it
was it wasn't and and I also thought I
was taking some meds for my sinus thing
and I thought I had an allergic reaction
because there was one point you know one
of the one of the things that supposedly
happens with the corona virus is the
shakes and I remember sitting in front
of my fireplace and my body was shaking
so hard that it hurt you know like like
I was just going and I couldn't stop it
and I was cold so I was like cold and
shaking so hard that like I felt like a
baby getting shaken too hard like he was
gonna kill me and you know whatever it
was the last week's so did I have the
corona virus I don't know but I know
I've never had anything like that
nothing in my memory is even close to
whatever the hell that was but I don't
know oh my god so he says your eye
surgery was delayed and you're going
blind well I think the next week or two
we're gonna see a lot more a lot more
stuff
somebody says that's sepsis which it
could be could have been sepsis
I had enough I had enough things going
on I did not have any kind of persistent
cough more than my normal normal cough
those scopes must have been brutal yeah
I mean I was suffering you're now immune
I doubt it I doubt it I would say the
odds that I actually had it would be the
same as the other people who got tested
and thought they had it and the answer
was something like 90% don't have it so
anyway I will talk to you tomorrow
you know where to find me have a good
night