[Music]
Alexa turn on studio hey everybody how's
it going well welcome to coffee with
Scott Adams best part of your day you
know have you ever feel guilty being in
the middle of a pandemic and still
finding a way to have a tremendous time
every now and then oh yeah we got to
take this quite seriously but we can
still have our fun and this is one of
those times
well welcome to the simultaneous hip and
coffee with Scott Adams and all you need
is a cup of micro glass a tanker chalice
or Stein and a canteen jugger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the dopamine Ian of the day the thing
that makes everything better
including a pandemic it's called the
simultaneous imp and it happens now we
have a hospital worker here joining in
the SIP thank you for your service
normally I would reserve that for people
in our military but can you make a
distinction today between a healthcare
worker on the frontline and somebody in
the military well you can but it's a
minor distinction so if you see a doctor
or a nurse thank them maybe don't say
service we'll save that for the people
in the service but thank you so what is
special about today what is special
about today
I'm gonna call the elbow
now the elbow is what I've been told
I've been telling you for a while is
coming it's the elbow of the curve and
I'm not talking about the virus curve
you know what I'm talking about you're
talking about the the slow acquisition
of information that the humans are doing
on a global scale and I told you that
this is largely an information problem
you know what drugs work against it we
need to know what types of people are
most affected we need to know what
worked what didn't work we need to know
and of course who hasn't need to know if
you get the information the viruses
toast so it has always been an
information problem presenting itself as
a health care problem because that's the
ramifications but I told you from the
start if there's one thing we're good at
humans hash tag human we're good at
finding information and we're good at
doing things when we're all in the same
page the only thing that ever slows us
down is when we're not on the same team
that kind of stopped this week we're
kind of all on the same team at the
moment well we'll deal with China later
but at the moment same team Adam you
have my enemy and the elbow looks like
it's happening now some would say that
you still need some kind of an omen
wouldn't you like that
wouldn't you like that there were some
kind of a you know aside if you're if
you're a believer you'd say well there's
God telling me things is everything's
gonna be okay if you're not a believer
maybe you like the simulation maybe you
start seeing coincidences and you say ah
the simulation is winking at me
now I don't think any of these things
pass any kind of scientific rigor but
sometimes doesn't it feel good when you
just see something that just says I
think everything's going to be okay now
I'm not gonna lie to you next two weeks
might be a little bit rugged for you and
for the people who catch the virus it's
gonna be horrific that's going to happen
you you don't have to stress about
should it happen how do we stop it
next two weeks are gonna be rough that's
just the way it's gonna be but there
might be some good things coming and I'm
gonna talk about them but first I want
to give you a just a simple tip you can
try it at home now this may sound silly
but try it if you're feeling a little
bit anxious about all this stuff and of
course you do of course you do the you
know the strongest person in the world
is gonna feel a little bit anxious today
here's the little tip and don't laugh at
this because it actually works
find a nice soft blanket and wrap it
around yourself and just see how it
feels now the softness is a big part of
it because if it's on your arms
you know nice fleece kind of blanket and
you're just gonna feel comforted it's
just a physical thing it's not even
psychological I don't think I think you
know we're designs of the nice warm
embrace of something soft even if it's
just a blanket it's gonna make you feel
better and I so I got I actually ordered
a blanket for acted for only this
purpose so I put on my blanket yesterday
and it totally feels better this is a
real thing just find a nice soft blanket
during the day just wrap yourself up in
it I swear to God I feel great right now
love joke I'm gonna keep this up but
let's talk about what's happened most of
you saw the clip from Tucker Carlson's
show last night in which it was being
announced that there's a cure
now do we believe it yet mmm you know
it's in the it's in the category of
things one should not automatically
believe all right
so anytime somebody says hey we studied
40 people which is not a gigantic sample
and a hundred percent of them were cured
with chloroquine the drug that I've been
talking about for a while yeah the the
rumors have been that it was effective
so apparently there's a French study now
that allegedly and I'm not a scientist
and I haven't looked at the study and I
haven't reproduced it so don't take my
word for it but this is the report it's
a hundred percent effective at curing
the corona virus after you have it now
if you missed that let me say it again
would just complete it just completed a
French study from one of the most I
guess one of the most famous and
talented scientists in this exact field
it's been accepted for publication so
it's so now it's passed at least that
step and they tested 40 people and they
had a hundred percent success rate now I
guess the math on this assuming that
others look at it and they agree that
the test was you know organized
correctly and I think people are saying
it was apparently the math on this even
though it was only 40 people the odds of
it not being real
are very close to zero and apparently
that almost never happens and as dr.
Estes guessed you know like you know
Tucker was appropriately skeptical and
amazed at the same time like watching
Tucker's face when the scientist who is
completely credible by the way you know
a known credible scientist saying that
the corona virus has a hundred percent
cure and it's a pill we already make and
is well known and it's safe and it's
already been used in other countries and
Tucker is hearing this and you look at
his face it was worth it was worth just
watching the whole show just for that
moment because he was having the same
experience that all of us were having at
home listening to it for the first time
which is what I don't know if I'm
hearing this right is that possible that
there's a safe effective widely
available pill that's already on the
pharmacies that's a hundred percent
fewer apparently there's only one other
time that we've cured a virus yeah so
there's only one other time the humans
have learned how to actually cure a
virus and so this would be the second
time if it's real so we have some
precedent that you can actually cure a
virus with the right meds I think I
think they do it for yeah you'll remind
me whatever the problem is so here's
some other things coming down the line
first of all there's some there's some
troubling suggestion that China knew
this and was maybe not as forthcoming as
they could have been with sharing the
information now this is not yet the time
to look backwards so just put a put
attack in this one a question we're
going to ask is did China and know this
worked I mean actually no it
Mark's long before they made it widely
available to other countries at risk
it's a pretty big question that's a real
big question because you know I I I'm
gonna stick with esque and I'm gonna say
it a million times in the next year I
have no patience for people who look at
other people operating you know in an
emergency trying to do the best they can
and then sitting on the sidelines and
saying you should have done it sooner
you're gonna get sick of me saying the
idiots in the room are the ones who said
it should have been done sooner but I'm
gonna make an exception
right and the reason the art the
argument there is that everything that's
good should have been done sooner so if
you're making a comment that something
should have been done sooner it has no
meaning because that applies to all
things good should have been done sooner
hey you know why weren't you smarter why
didn't you see it coming why didn't you
work harder there's no exception do they
I don't know we should have been done
sooner but I'm gonna make an exception
in the case where it was intentionally
withheld now I'm not gonna say that
that's the case but if it turns out that
China maybe knew more than they shared
and it was intentional just speculating
wouldn't you like to know that so if
that's the case I wouldn't feel the same
about a delay if it's intentional of
course some other good news you know
this is sort of a wild card the thing
but I actually might be important one of
the things we're going to learn even
though we didn't want to learn it is
what happens to co2 and you know maybe
potentially a little bit more about
climate change risk etcetera etc based
on the fact that we reduced air
pollution substantially and probably it
will last a month so will that will the
scientists be able to take advantage of
the the rarest thing that can happen
which is the the economy of the world
just stopping at the same
and then watching the air pollution drop
into what do we learn now that I'm not a
scientist so you know your your first
instinct would be well maybe nothing
because it's a short period and you know
it's hard to untangle all the variables
so baby nothing because co2 is a
long-term problem it's not you know
something to happen this month but I'm
not so sure I feel as if that might be
enough data for remember you know the
scientists are smarter than you they're
smarter than me
so just because I can't figure out how
to take advantage of that information
doesn't mean somebody can't and I would
love to know if we actually experienced
anything like some seasonal coolness you
know in theory so here's my question
if pollution goes out of the air kind of
quickly and we watch that already happen
so Wuhan was it was super polluted and
now it's not yeah they might be back to
work but at least there was a period
when it wasn't so we know that the air
clears pretty darn quickly but what I
don't know and I'd have to ask some
scientists does that be the co2 clears
and here's here's the dumbest question
you're ever going to hear that I have no
shame so I'm just gonna ask it anyway is
there such a thing as you know I'll just
ask if if every 10 years we just decided
to shut down all industry and travel for
two weeks I'm just brainstorming here
don't take this too seriously and
brought our pollution down to zero with
those gains be any anyway permanent in
other words could you just stop doing
everything for a while and let the co2
you know settle and how long would that
take
because pollution went out of the air
pretty quickly
but this is co2 because of its nature
hanging around longer even after you
start to stop polluting I don't know the
answer to that question but even if
there's a small change
don't the scientists get a like an
incredible amount of new insight just
based on this unique situation
put it out there as a question I think
it's a potentially tremendous benefit
but it's a maybe
here's some other good news
Julia cheek I guess she's a mound her of
company called Everly well that today
they announced she's calling it her
proudest day ever
and I would I would say that might be
the case she says we're launching the
first solution in the u.s. to get tested
and diagnosed for covered nineteen from
your home on Monday so this Monday can
you believe this by Monday you know
there won't be many of them I assume but
I guess are cracking up production by
Monday we'll have a home test kit for
the chrome virus and it's kind of come
down to you know will come down to this
it's a contest between a viral
you know viral spread and reproduction
versus American manufacturing you could
say world manufacturing but I think I
think people are going to be keeping
whatever they can produce to themselves
for the short run so if suddenly some
country could produce a lot of n95 masks
they probably need to keep them you know
that I don't know if they could produce
enough to also export right away
so most countries are sort of on their
own in the short run in the long run of
course they'll be sharing but in the
short run I think the US probably needs
to make its own masks and pretty quickly
it probably needs to make its own test
kits and pretty quickly and so it's come
down to a contest a fair fight it wasn't
a fair fight at first we had no weapons
we had no tools we had no information
it was a sneak attack boom virus is on
us both yeah we've had a little time to
regroup we did a strategic retreat we
divided to conquer and then the smartest
people in the world have been working on
essentially a global Manhattan Project
to find every possible weapon you could
against this virus and it looks like
they found it
it looks like they found it now having
that the cure if we can call it that and
the others there's still an Asterix on
this so don't you know if things change
don't say I didn't tell you it couldn't
because it could but it's looking really
good I gotta say yeah and the other
thing you need is the test kits so if
you could massively test and you've got
a pill that you know that works and
you've got a strategy of delay and
separation we are we're on the cusp of
one of the greatest American
achievements of all time I might be
wrong it could be wrong but if I were to
sort of straight line this where it's
going I think by the end of the summer
the United States you know full strategy
if you look at it from from closing the
airports which was you know the first
action I guess to delaying to you know
building tools learning from the other
countries and then once we have the
weapons and right now we've identified
the weapons we you know we know we this
drug it would be insane if our if our
government is not working hard to
produce this drug already you know you
know if you've got that one one gold
standard kind of good test that says it
worked a hundred percent of the time you
should be cranking that out you know if
if by the end of today you've not heard
your government say well just in case
you know we're still making sure this
works but just in case we just put a
billion dollars on it we just dropped a
wad of cash and the US Army and and the
full weight of American manufacturing on
it and we're going to make we're going
to make the hell out of this pill
it's the chloroquine I guess and there's
a strong diversion as well we're gonna
make the hell out of this pill I guess
there's another one that goes well with
it
just in case if you don't hear that by
the end of today you should lose some
confidence in your government I'm going
to be honest but I think you might and
I'm I'm actively trying to get that
answer so I'm using what contacts I have
to see if somebody can tell me is there
is there a specific you know
manufacturing plant that we're putting
the full weight of the United States
power money you know arms and legs and
brains into it and that it's happening
right now
if you don't hear that by the end of the
day you should lose some confidence and
I don't mean that what they tell you is
that it's working great because it's
like everything right you know day one
of doing anything is going to be just
nothing but mistakes but if we're not
putting the energy into it you could
reasonably lose some confidence in your
government and nobody would say that you
were being unreasonable end of today
today is the day we the country needs to
hear it now how good is the news today
let's check my stock market Green Green
Green Green Green Green Green Green
Green Green Green Green Green Green it's
all green baby it's all green we're
going weapons hot
not yet not yet don't have enough of
them but we know the weapons now and
when humans start working it could be an
amazing thing here's some more things we
know over in Belgium they've adjusted
their protocols now but what I'm going
to tell you now is from guy I don't know
on the internet so if this is wrong well
you know sorry but it sounds like
something that's right
so yeah that's that's the best I could
tell you it sounds like it's true that
Belgium has adjusted their protocols to
give that to to give the even stronger
version of the chloroquine and the
hydroxychloroquine I to all patients
with medium to severe symptoms so
they're giving it to all patient all
patients so they're not waiting for
severe they're giving it to all medium
to severe so more data on success rate
should come up then we're going to know
a lot in a week two weeks tops
because Belgium will be reproducing it
presumably with enough with enough
information that will really feel more
confident about what we know Patriots in
the hill guard Martis us has put
together and I tweeted it you see in my
Twitter feed one of the one of the best
just one of the best things I've ever
seen
I'm a I'm a sort of a data geek if I see
a good presentation about Dana I like it
just makes me tingle I don't apologize
for that and you have to see what he did
so the questions the question he was
looking at was a convalescent of serum
what that means is people who have
already recovered from the virus have
the antibodies already in their blood
and so there is a mechanism it's it's
known it's something that China used and
has reported on with some success that
if you could identify the cured people
take their blood you you play with the
blood a little bit you know whatever you
do with it and then it turns into
something that you can inject into
somebody else and give them a little
resistance I don't know if it's full
resistance I don't know if it's just
good those are things to know but
wouldn't you like to know like what
would that look like is that practical
in other words how many how many
recovered people would you need to have
enough supply for the people you need to
cover isn't that a good question right
like at what point do we have enough
recovered people who would also
volunteer to give their blood that
there's enough of it that you can start
really protecting the big groups and so
even figure that out
this is a field yes in the experience
and and he's a great communicator one of
the best one of the best you'll ever see
in the technical sense and he comes up
with this map of the United States and
puts that number on each state it's kind
of genius so you can see you know I
don't know California was like 49 people
or whatever now everything's a snapshot
so snapchat snapshot in time so of
course all this changes but it's a real
good first take you know of course other
others who know how to you know look at
this stuff probably should look at it
and you know tweak it or adjust it but
man is that productive information that
is really productive because it figured
out how much blood people can give and
how many people have it and stuff so you
know we keep refining that but man
that's just great work so coronavirus
your days are numbered so we've got a
kind of lesson serum method for some
some degree of protection we don't know
if that's 100% or what percent
we've got testing kits online they're
coming we've got I saw that Elon Musk
and maybe getting him the fight Elon
Musk used replying to I don't know it
was but the question was could he be
part of the effort to mass-produce these
n95 masks and apparently part of the
problem is they're hard to make so it's
not good enough just to have a factory
you got to have the right kind of
factory and know-how and it's not fast
and so Elon has sort of entered entered
the fight at least in the question sense
and said that between Tesla and SpaceX
they have engineers who would know how
to make a ventilator in other words
making a ventilator it would be easy
before the kind of talent he has that's
basically what he said but he hasn't
stepped up inside working and we're
gonna go at that he said you know tell
me which hospitals need ventilators so I
think he's still testing to see if this
is real meaning
how important is that that he started
converting the resources of Tesla Geordi
ventilators or at least helping somebody
else do it
so I don't say he's fully in the fight
yet but if I were a virus and I heard he
was getting that close to being in the
fight I'd be a little worried somebody
says Mark Cuban unfucked I was gonna
talk about Mark Cuban he's on my list
and he had called four-engine
publicly called for engineers to figure
out how to engineer a simpler version of
the n95 so that we could make them
faster I gotta say you know I've
mentioned this before but there will be
a lot of leaders who are identified
during this crisis people who just
stepped up and he's one of them so Mark
Cuban I would say is one of the most
important and effective just citizen
leaders in this crisis I get I give him
just all kinds of credit for the way
he's handling not only the way he
handled his business and his employees
which was early and fast and public
great role model but you know he's
continuing to find areas in which his
unique contribution make a difference
probably we only know about a fraction
of it so when you when you see that when
you see your most capable people
stepping up it just has to make you feel
better it should see what else we got
this is just a funny anecdote I forgot
about it
so I guess I might have been in the day
before yesterday Bernie Sanders was
asked by CNN's Manu Raju and asked his
time frame for a decision about you know
whether he'd stay in the race or not and
this quote doesn't work nearly as well
without the full
swearing because Bernie used a curse
word but I'm not going to tell you to
tell your kids to leave the room because
I'm not going to use the word but I want
you in your mind to substitute that that
word because it makes it all funnier
because
is coming from Bernie Sanders and he's
talking to Manu Raju or CNN so Maharaja
says acid for his time frame for a
decision and reportedly Bernie look at
them said quote I'm dealing with an
effing global crisis right now I tried
to do my best to make sure that we don't
have and that can have a meltdown that
people don't die is that enough for you
to keep me busy for today birdie the
only thing I'm gonna like better than
Bernie running for president is Bernie
knowing he's not going to be President
you know Bernie Unleashed
you know once he knows he doesn't have
to do things or say things that are
gonna make him president because that's
not going to happen it looks like you
know at least internally one could
imagine that that he's made that
decision who knows you know I can't read
his mind but but what but if you say to
the CN and if you turn to the CNN person
say I'm dealing with an F of global
crisis right now I'm trying to do my
best to make sure to leave we don't have
an economic meltdown and the people
don't die is that enough for you to keep
me busy today
Trumpy Trump has never dealt with CNN
that well alright here's some more
potential good news it's good news that
emanates from a horrible news so let me
not underplay the horribleness of what
I'm going to say I don't want to be for
Nessa Hudgens and yeah and be viral
tomorrow because I said anything
positive but there was a apparently a
family of seven members who all got it
and three of them died now that's the
tragedy obviously so you know things
can't get worse for this family and you
know and so we feel for them but if
three members of the same family die
there's a little flag that goes off in
your head this has genetic there's a
genetic now it's too early to say yes
although there's strong reason to
believe that there might be
but this family and I don't mean to be
unkind but they they did show a family
picture and I'll just say that they're
they don't look like they go to the gym
a lot they'll just say that okay so you
can't rule out that it was an unusually
non health-related family I just don't
want to be unkind so you can't rule out
that there was just something about the
family they they weren't taking care of
themselves and that had something to do
with it but I'm not suggesting that I'm
just saying that we don't know this
situation I'm definitely not suggesting
that just saying it's in the it's in the
list of things you would look at the
other possibility is and again this is
very non-scientific what I'm going to
say just something that would be in the
hypothesis category maybe a little bit
more than a hypothesis which is that the
viral load makes a difference so if
somebody in your family gets it and
you're in close quarters you may be
getting a you know big dose of the virus
and then maybe three people in the
family have it and you're getting a real
big dose so the entire story could be
that once the family got it they were
just too close and didn't have enough
ventilation and so they just stood in it
until they got the worst possible degree
of the infection in the same way that a
nursing home it got got it worse in the
same way that the cruise ship got it
worse because the marinating in the
extra virus might make a difference and
you could kind of common sensical ecy
that would make sense
even if your common sense doesn't match
actual science so this is just a
question but I said this before if you
had a if your virus got into you just
one way let's say you touch your mouth
after you touch something is that a slow
building virus that gives your your body
time to build up some defenses versus
you know if I walked up to you with a
firehose full of virus and just sprayed
it all over your body and it was getting
in every crack and hole in your body at
the same time would you recover just as
quickly now my common-sense informed by
exactly
Oh science and zero medical knowledge is
that I think it would be worse if you
got the firehose of virus versus the
little pinprick of virus as your your
initial infection right
I mean maybe somebody can tell me if
that's just crazy but I think there's
some at least some medical intuition
that people have had about that so
anyway we're going on this is that there
are people looking to do genetic testing
if they can give samples of this family
samples of other people who have had
good experiences and bad experiences
there's a very strong feeling that
there's something about the genetic lung
composition of some people that makes
them more susceptible and we have we
have the companies that can do that we
certainly must have enough samples that
exists you know getting permission to
get those samples getting permission to
test and then getting enough of them
that you have you know a useful thing
could tell us a lot so remember this is
an information problem
disguised as a health problem and if we
could take everybody's DNA imagine
imagine we could test you test you a
home here you spit in the test tube just
like 23andme and then but you put a lot
more resources against testing wouldn't
you like to know
and and in my case I've already done the
23andme so I don't know if that means
they could just use what they already
have that would be big so somebody has
to answer me this question please
those little tests that are exist
23andme and such if you've already taken
that did 23andme and and the other
companies that do that sort of thing do
they keep a full profile of your DNA or
do they just pick out the parts that
they know how to deal with and then
literally you know delete the rest or
not test the rest I don't know how that
works
but do we already have pretty big
database that's a full it has to be a
full spectrum right you'd have to look
at the whole DNA do we have that already
because if we do imagine you find out
that your your lung
you know receptors of the type that are
the bad kind or the you know the kind
that you're most likely to so people in
the comments are saying that they have
the full DNA I can't guarantee you
that's true but a lot of smart people
here suggesting that that's hard or
somebody who say in the comments the
saliva is the hardest thing to test for
viruses but that's not what we're
talking about we're not talking about
saliva to test if you have the virus I'm
talking about using saliva to test if
you have the genetic makeup they would
make you especially susceptible to the
virus or in the best case especially non
susceptible so that's another weapon so
let me list these so we got the the
virus the the medicines that appear to
be a hundred percent effective in trials
we've got test kits that you'll be able
to test a home we just have to ramp it
up we've got this genetic potential that
I think is actually a really high
potential to be to be something positive
here and really really give us more
information about who to protect the
most we've got the indication that the
the blood serum the thing should be
effective and we'll have more
information soon with the test kit so
who's recovered etc you can see it
coming all together Kenya and I think
we'll be making more massive in
ventilators to apparently there I
predicted that the drive-in theaters
would have a route would start popping
up now I don't know if anybody's
actually popped up an actual drive-in
theater just for the the crisis but
apparently the ones that exist there
still are some are doing good business I
was somebody said that that was in the
red new set you
if that's true it's not yes showing up
on my stock ticker but there is a delay
there so I wouldn't take that as true
yet but keep an eye on them so think
about all those things that are positive
today you know I actually scouted a
location in my neighborhood there's a
there's a what would you call it a strip
mall that's closed so well the the
banker stores closed so the small ones
are still there but the parking lot is
empty because the remaining stores are
sort of onesie twosie customer
situations so this is vast parking lot
in the middle of my neighborhood with
with nothing to do and how hard could it
be how hard could it be to put up a
temporary screen and then I don't know
what technology it is but you should be
able to stream to the car radios right
if you have the right technology you can
do a short-range FM situation correct me
if I'm wrong but if somebody can tell me
what product that is why is everybody
saying that market is down when my
ticker is not showing that is that
that's like oh you have to turn down so
yeah there's a ticker delay so just turn
down so here's what you're going to see
today you're going to see news of the
potential cure you can see lots of good
news about lots of things but the market
is also going to be seeing massive bad
news so you're going to see more news
today than you ever see in your life but
like you know 80% of it is going to be
bad because it's people having a bad
time right now and that 20% is gonna be
I think we get a handle on it I think we
can get a handle on it
all right so people are saying the Dow
is down you should expect you should
SPECT a lot of choppiness
in the next two weeks
how are you how are you doing on your
micro steps let me give you a way to get
going because no matter what we're
probably gonna be holed up for a few
more weeks right best-case scenario
we're still gonna be staying home a lot
and best-case scenario we'll be staying
home a lot no matter what and here's my
recommendation and I'm using this
process myself micro steps I talked
about this before but it's a it's a real
good time to talk about it again so my
my new skill that I plan to pick up in
the next few weeks it has to do with my
studio equipment and there's some new
software then I have to lower it and
learn and have it use it all together
etc so I've got it I have my body of
learning that I need to complete now if
I think about all of it it's easy to
ignore it because like well this little
it's gonna be a lot of work I really
feel like doing a lot of work who does
so it's easy to ignore it if I see it as
this big hard thing so instead I say
well I'm just gonna do one micro step so
I did that yesterday or the day before I
talked to the person who makes the
software and he explained how to use it
and arranging - arranging to purchase it
and etc so I have a so it's a very small
thing I just made a phone call check
some stuff so if you're thinking about
doing and learning something do that do
the smallest step if you're thinking
about oh I'd like to pick up some skills
and let's say marketing you know the
smaller step is to find the online
course that is offering it either there
are a few so just do the smallest thing
if you think taking a class sounds like
a lot of work just find out where it is
that's all don't commit to anything else
just find out where it is and then the
next day maybe sign up you don't even
have to look at any of the course
materials just
just sign up ten minutes and the next
day just say you know I'll sample it you
know I'll look at this for five minutes
so that's that's the key you wanna you
got you won't have many times in your
life where you're going to have this
much spare time that you can't
productively do something outside of the
house so we use it you know learn a
skill fix up your house fix your space
find a way to take advantage of this
little coronavirus holiday we're having
that's saying I want to make sure that
oh I forgot all about this too so I
mentioned this yesterday but some of you
only watched in the morning my Health
and Human Services announced that
telehealth doctors will be able and I
don't know maybe it's other in general
but doctors will be able to practice
across state borders so the federal
government has just overruled all the
state boards that control the stuff and
just said at least for the duration
duration of the emergency the doctors
can practice across state borders
effectively tripling the capacity in one
day pretty amazing can somebody tell me
the name of the M night Shyamalan movie
in which I think Mel Gibson was in it
and aliens aliens came down and they
couldn't be stopped but it turns out
that the solution was water so when they
thought everything was was doomed there
was no way to solve it oh it's called
signs thank you very quick yeah so the
movie is called signs and I got to tell
you there from the very first start of
this coronavirus crisis I couldn't get
that movie out of my head and the part
of it I couldn't get in my head it was
just the specific part where there was
there was the weapon that existed and it
was widely available literally it was
water and the aliens were killed
and I thought to myself I don't know why
I can't shake this I feel like there's
an existing substance or something on
earth that we just have to figure out
what it is and I think we did that we we
the public we the we these the
scientists anyway I guess that's not we
so I couldn't get that out of my head
and it's this feels like the third act
of a movie you know where we are in that
impossible situation and then you
realize that water kills the aliens and
I feel like that was the movie that we
just found ourselves in with this
chloroquine chloroquine whatever it is
stuff all right that's all I got for
today I think it's plenty and and I hope
you're all feeling better get your
blanket and I will talk to you later