bum bum bum bum bum bum
buh-buh-buh-buh hello everybody come on
in here
it's a beautiful Sunday except it's kind
of smoky over here got some got some big
fires not too far away but what we do
have you know what do we have
oh I think you do it's coffee it's the
electric elixir of the gods and you
should be getting ready for the
simultaneous sip be it coffee beauty be
it a beverage of your choice join me now
in the simultaneous em alright whoever
just said you're having a protein shake
that's just showing off but I'll have
one later - so I'll join you alright
let's talk about a number of things
number one you of course all know by now
that you all know by now that the
economy is doing well and the economic
numbers came in at four point one for
the quarter looks like the whole year
will probably be a pretty good number
and what I love about this normally by
now right about now don't you think
there would be a whole bunch of new news
coming out of the the white house don't
you think there would be a kind of a a
tweet about something provocative
something that takes all the attention
out of the headlines if you notice it's
not happening have you noticed that the
big news drops I think it was Friday on
how good the economy is and then the
president just sort of went quiet he's
just letting it hang right there the the
the economic news is so big and so good
for him he just puts it out there and
then he just backs up into the shadows
you don't really realize how good he is
at this until you
until you you know you look at the
negative space you have to look at what
he doesn't do as well as what he does to
get the full picture so he's just
letting that hang out there and what is
what is the news have to talk about so I
turned on the news and I'm thinking
there's not a lot of news what happened
to all the news
well you suddenly went from this much
news every day to hmm the economy is
still good and then the next news
program what's happening today seriously
that's all we have is the economy is
still great well tomorrow how about
tomorrow when he got to what he got now
has he tweeted please dear God tweet
something that we can hate all we have
to talk about is this economy we can't
go the weekend like this ah so that
part's funny you we've seen we've seen
that CNN and the let's say the critics
of the president are talking about how
Republicans are quote moving the goal
posts regarding this this meeting that
Don junior did with the Russian lawyer
now by moving the goalposts what they're
saying is hey suddenly they're not
saying that this was not collusion or
not not important they're saying now the
Republicans who support the president
now the pundits who supported him are
saying that even if they did meet to get
some dirt from a Russian it's no big
deal
who was the first person that told you
that me you remember when it first
happened and I even go further than it's
no big deal
so no big deal is about halfway to where
I am where I am is it's not only no big
deal but you would have to be an idiot
to not take that meeting let me just
I've said this before but I need to put
it in context again this is a meeting
that happened in the same building that
you know
work in normally this is back in the
campaign so I was in Trump Tower so all
they had to do was take an elevator down
a few floors it was a 20-minute meeting
it was set up by somebody that they knew
well this this PR person they had a
relationship with so they have a good
connection
it's literally downstairs it's 20
minutes and the upside is that they
might tell you something about Hillary
Clinton do you notice what I left out I
did not say that they stole some spy
stuff and colluded they just had some
information now on what planet is it
illegal to go downstairs and listen to
what somebody has to say if there's no
indication that any of it is secret now
had anything been you know presented in
that meeting of course of meeting turned
into a big nothing but had anything been
presented that looked questionable such
as we've got some Hillary Clinton stuff
and we got it off her server
anything like that then absolutely that
moment you leave the meeting you call up
the FBI and say look I got to tell you
what happened we thought we were getting
some information but it turns out maybe
the source was sketchy now if you did it
in that order you would first have the
information which could be very
important not only to the country but
certainly to your campaign see if first
you get the information and then if it
came from the source that was
problematic as opposed to hey this
Russian just talked to an American and
the American just told me something
about Hillary Clinton which is totally
possible right it could have come from
any source it doesn't have to be a
secret spy kind of a source because that
was never there was never presented as
secret information so first you get the
information if it's a problem then you
deal with it but after you get the
information now is there anybody here
who would argue with that order of
events would you think
smarter to call the FBI about something
that does not suggest a problem because
there's nothing suggested there was
untoward illegal you know trees this
there was nothing like that suggested it
was just come downstairs to have some
information don't know where it came
from don't know what it is gonna listen
to it so I will go so far as to say that
not taking that meeting would have been
flat-out was stupid I don't know how
else to put that it would have been
flat-out was stupid to not take the
meeting and just hear what they said
because remember it's just downstairs
it's 20 minutes out of your life the
upside promise is there's some good
information that might change the course
of you know the campaign into the world
and it comes from somebody you know
somebody news so I had a little bit of
credibility it turns out it wasn't
credible but at least the source was
somebody you know now under that
condition you can't tell me that that
Don Jr did the wrong thing because that
was the right thing it was the only
smart thing to do yeah it caused a
little trouble but it was still the
smart thing to do alright that's enough
on that so when when the critics say
they're moving the goalposts to say that
this meeting wasn't important I'm taking
it further they haven't moved the
goalposts enough the goalposts should
have been of course you take that
meeting are you an idiot only an idiot
would not take that meeting period I'm
very very confident about that opinion
all right have you noticed that when
people are talking about the economy now
and the good and economic news this is
mostly on the pro Trump channels that
people are saying explicitly oh he's
good on the psychology and the
psychology moves people's optimism in
the optin
business is helping move things along
with the tax cuts and regulations etc
but they're primarily it's a
psychological engine so are you noticing
that that's the typical way it's being
framed now is that the we're starting to
understand the country is the economy as
a psychology engine and we're starting
to understand that the president is a
psychology fuel he is exactly the right
president for an engine that's driven by
psychology now am I the first one who
started saying that every day when the
president I'm I was saying this before
he was elected that he had these
specials you know psychologically potent
skills and that the economy was a
perfect place to apply them I don't
believe I ever told you hey you know
this president is gonna be a good role
model you know you know you know you
should do what he does in his personal
life don't believe I ever told you that
I do believe I told you that he has the
exact right skills to Goose an economy
because it's a psychology machine all
right
I just watched Oh so I'm also seeing
reporting you probably seen this that
the president said some version of them
paraphrasing that you shouldn't believe
what you see in here in the news and of
course the people who present the news
are saying some version of my god he's
telling you to ignore reality well I
don't think that's what's happening
because I watch the news and I listen to
the news and most of it is fake most of
it like 60% probably I would say 60% of
the news at least if you if you look at
both sides right you know you don't even
need to know which one's the worst one
at the moment or who's having the more
we can who isn't both sides got their
issues but it's about 60% fake news I'd
say and that includes pictures how many
times if we see the video where your
eyes were lying to you for example here
I'll get rid of then it's so hard to
block these people they go by 2 4
quickly so remember the kawaii pond
where the video clearly showed the
president being a jerk and throwing that
all of his fish food into the koi pond
did your eyes tell you what was
happening no they did not
your eyes were darting liars because it
turns out that if you'd seen a little
bit more it would have been something
else
we also a Laurel and Yanni is that a
case of you you have to believe your
ears no that is a case where your ears
apparently will give you two different
stories at the same time so when the
news organizations try to tell you that
what you see and hear must be real
because you see it and you hear it that
my friends is complete illusion you are
not in a world where what you see in
here can be trusted
the president knows that and said it
directly the people who report the news
are pretending that that's not the case
when you can see pretty clearly that the
president's right you can trust what you
see in here on the news because it's so
easy to manipulate and it is manipulated
everyday by you know what context they
show how much of the clip they show what
you know how they frame it it's 60
percent fake news in my estimation now I
just watched for Reed Sicario show just
a moment before I came on here and let
me say a few things I really like for
Reed zekkariyas show
he said he's a great he's got a great
mind and I love that he takes it in
places that other people don't quite
take it it feels like he takes it to
another level just sort of a smarter
show but boy does he have a bad case of
Trump derangement syndrome he's got a
serious case and I watched him today
saying that Trump is doing this thing
where he makes wild insults to his let's
say political adversaries that he might
be negotiating with overseas and and
that he walks it back and guess nothing
in the end and then claims it's his
success so that's for Reid's explanation
of what happened in North Korea and with
the EU that the president wildly
insulted them met with them walked back
everything got nothing in return and
claimed victory and I'm thinking how in
the world do you look at the North Korea
situation where literally you're
watching the remains of the service
people being returned like an actual
picture and you don't believe it so
there's four Reid who is actually
reporting the news that's in complete
contradiction to the picture that's on
the news which is pictures of the
remains being respectfully returned by I
think Marines and I'm thinking to myself
how can you how can you say that we got
nothing in the North Korea tensions have
gone down they're talking about
reunification they're they've taken down
their propaganda and the north they're
you know they're making small moves
things that could easily be reversed but
you know there may be dismantling a
rocket factory maybe got rid of a test
site now I granted everything is
reversible but so is everything on our
side everything is always reversible you
know there's very little that isn't
reversible in this world so the fact
that we're we're moving down a very
productive
looks to four read as if nothing's
happening there is I don't see how an
irrational adult could conclude that
we're not at the best place we have ever
been with North Korea the best place
we've ever been how could we say that's
not true
likewise with the EU it's you're granted
we don't have a deal yet but doesn't it
feel like that's progress doesn't it
feel like you know something productive
happened there that's likely to move
toward a good result you know these
things do take time now interesting the
way interestingly the way Farid
introduced that segment was to say that
his supporters the Trump supporters
often refer to what Trump is doing as
quote for DHS where'd that come from
correct me if I'm wrong but I pretty
sure I'm the one who introduced the idea
of 3d chess which the critics tried to
ramp up to 40 chess and 27 DHS and
thousand DHS because they want to
exaggerate it make it sound a little
crazier but now it's common it's a
common way to look at it so my framing
of the economy is a psychology engine is
now the common way to look at it my
framing of Trump making a first big ask
and then you know settling on something
that's still good for him
is the common way to look at how he
negotiates and the whole 3d 4d chess
thing has now become the common way to
both say he's acting that way or to
critique that he is or is not acting
that way
yeah Star Trek had 3d chess that's no
doubt where I first saw that idea
all right I saw a tweet from Hogg Newsom
yes that i retweeted about him
organizing a march but for some reason I
can't find it today I don't know why
that is so does anybody know what
happened I wonder if he canceled that so
the idea was the hawk had said it was a
New York Daily News I think story that
the hawk was part of organizing I don't
know if he is the organizer or a part of
organizing a black lives matter March
that was meant to be inclusive of
everybody in other words you're
Republicans are absolutely invited to
March and it's not going to be against
police it's just gonna be in Pro love
and it would I guess go from New York to
Washington DC and culminate on yes the
wave of love it's called and would
culminate on the anniversary of
Charlottesville but the idea was to just
make a make it a positive you know bring
us together kind of a kind of a
situation but I don't know if the Tweed
disappeared so I don't know if that's
odd or not but I retweet it now
somebody's asking me what is it with
your obsession with the sky and I would
like to answer that question most of you
know that my my beat my interest is
persuasion and that I'm most interested
in those situations that have been
resistant to persuasion for a long time
North Korea for example and the
persuasion on the economy that we just
talked about so wherever a persuasion is
is there a possibility or it's why you
need for a breakthrough I tend to be
interested in those situations now one
of the biggest problems in the country
maybe the biggest
is race relations and race relations I
think of course there are real things
that need to be done but I think that
it's at least 80% psychological meaning
that both sides distrust the other now
how can you have a conversation about
how to fix things if you don't have
trust and the simple answer is you can't
because anything that comes out of
either either mouth is just discounted
by the other it's like I don't trust
anything you say yeah yeah Hawk I hear
you talk about love but I think it's a
trick all right so if you don't trust
somebody you can't possibly hear what
they're saying what I've offered to hawk
is that I would be a an honest broker of
the communications between you know his
group and Republicans because the people
he wants to persuade are pretty much
Republicans and conservatives because
he's already persuaded meaning they were
already on that side the people that you
know let's say the people on the left
the black lives matter folks they're all
on the same side he doesn't need to
persuade them to do anything you know
beyond be organized he's trying to
persuade the other side so what I've
done is I'm trying to build some kind of
a trust relationship with Auk so that
his ideas can be heard by the other side
and vice versa remember this is a
two-way channel so if I if you see me
amplifying the Hawks opinions which I
tried to do on social media it's because
it's part of a two-way process in which
I can promise you he's hearing my
thoughts because we have conversations
that are not public right so he's
definitely heard what I have to say and
he understands that like probably just
about nobody ever has meaning that Hawk
understands both sides and I've come a
lot closer to understanding both sides
than I was before I started this
communication and
so when you see Hawk organizing a love
wave and I hope it's still on I just
don't know where that tweet went when
you see him doing that how perfectly
does that fit with what the right is
also saying what does the right say all
the time in response to black lives
matter they say something like all lives
matter
right which just causes trouble it just
causes trouble when they say black lives
matter if your response is all lives
matter all you've done is take sides all
right so it's a very unproductive
framing he knows that that's why this is
not framed as do something for me
it's framed as let's do something for
each other you know it's a Christian
first Martin Luther King in you know
inspired kind of way let's just for a
moment show some love and then maybe we
can get some trust and if you've done
the love maybe you marched together a
little bit maybe you get some trust then
you can start hearing each other but
right now we're in a mode where we can't
hear each other we're just discounting
what the other thing I've also told you
that a hawk is is a unique leader and
that he has suggested specific rule
changes that could be tried specific law
changes that should be considered and
again these are subject for debate but
there are specific suggestions about it
will give you just one example one
example is what is the process when
police have a person in custody and the
person says I need some medical
treatment right now it's up to the
police officers to decide whether to
give the medical treatment or take them
to the hospital or not the hawk suggests
that maybe we try not giving the police
that option and making sure that it's if
somebody asks for medical or treatment
that they get it now you can make an
argument that that's not a good idea but
it's harder to make an argument that you
shouldn't try it somewhere just try it
in the city see how it goes
if too many people are asking for it you
know and it could be that you don't
publicize it because you don't want
people asking for it because I think
they can get away with it maybe it's
just a quiet little change alright so
the point is that Hawk is making
suggestions that are very testable
that's the highest level of thinking in
my opinion the highest level of thinking
about politics is to make practical
suggestions that can be tried on a small
basis and then compared doing your a/b
testing so he's operating at the very
highest level and you see this with the
the March - that the love March is
taking it to the highest level he's
finding anything where we can connect
because that makes all the things where
we might have some disagreement a lot
easier he's doing the hard part first so
I hope he succeeds now you're gonna say
to yourself hey hawk or black lives
matter said that thing that we didn't
like why are you why are you give him
him oxygen and here's the thing you kind
of need to hear the stuff you don't like
you should not hide from the stuff you
don't like nor do you want them to hide
from the response that you might have to
it that they don't like if there's
anything that would be productive in
this day and age it would be
respectfully listening to something you
don't like to hear an idea that isn't
your first choice and then having a
chance to respond and again a respectful
way so part of what I I find powerful
about helping Hawk and in particularly
black lives matter and by the way I
think he's the most effective leader of
black lives matter can you even think of
any other name can you think of anybody
else who is leader of black lives matter
whose name you've even heard because I
can't think of one now hawk has a big
problem with the brand because there are
so many people who have said things
who who have said things you know under
the banner of black lives matter that
are different yeah it's a lot of people
with slightly different maybe sometimes
very different opinions and some of
those opinions are very provocative if
not downright unhelpful so he's got a
problem in which he needs to consolidate
the brand or be part of the effort to
consolidate the brand into something
that is unambiguously productive because
that's the point right
people don't you know a hawk isn't he's
not protesting because he likes it he's
trying to get something done he's trying
to be productive so I think he's doing
all the right things right now to to get
that brand on target know here's my
point if you want to be persuasive which
black lives matter wants to be Trump
supporters want to be we all want to be
more persuasive here is a trick
technique if you will a tool perhaps
that is very very important the first
part of being persuasive that you have
to get right is getting people's
attention and holding it long enough to
persuade them if people don't pay
attention to you you're not going to
persuade them so it's very very
important to get their attention and one
of the best ways to do that is to use
the old newspaper quote it's not news if
a dog bites a man because you expect
that to happen that won't hold anybody's
attention hey did you hear about the dog
about somebody I don't care dogs bite
people but if you hear that a million
got on all fours and attack the dog and
bet the dog well that's a headline it's
hard to forget that because it's not
supposed to be happening all right now
when when Hawk and I have a productive
conversation I'm most most associated
with being a big Trump supporter in
terms of writing about his persuasion
tools and that seems to be the exact
opposite of anybody who could have a
productive
with a leader of black lives matter so
what he and I talk it's it's a whole
bunch of you know man bites dog because
it's not supposed to be happening that's
what holds your attention that's not an
accident right the fact that we're not
supposed to be having this conversation
is what makes it sticky yeah that's part
of the part of the plan right when when
somebody immediately said what is your
obsession with this guy didn't you see
that it bothered you
we're weren't probably I know maybe even
half of you wouldn't you say that you're
actually bothered by the fact that I
give him so much attention it bothers
you right that's part of the plan it
should bother you a little bit that's
what sticks it in your in your brain try
to get that in your hand why is this guy
who likes President Trump also like the
the leader of black lives matter why do
you say good things about him that can't
be true ah all right sticks in your
brain that's the point
he's got a bigger problem I think
because he can't you know he can't
embrace you know trumpism and still be
credible within within his own
organization but he can do things that
nobody can argue with which is take it
up to the higher level talk about love
first see if we can get a little trust
going a little bit of momentum on the
things we do agree with and then the
details start getting easier because now
you can have a productive conversation
all right somebody says he's not the
leader of black lives matter no I'm not
saying he's the leader it's a national
group so Hawk is the leader of the
Greater New York area I'm just saying
these probably the most effective
charismatic smartest most strategic you
know heads in the right place he's got a
Christian first approach love first
approach I think you have to like all
that stuff all right
somebody says trusting hawk means we get
taken to the cleaners I think you should
have some confidence I think you should
have some confidence that you can find a
way we can find a way collectively to be
productive things don't have to go wrong
just they just don't have to go wrong
the things could go right the economy
can go well North Korea can go well
Russia can go well we are not locked
into our little mental prison where the
way it used to be is the way it needs to
be all right Hawk is definitely out of
his mental prisons if you haven't
noticed I'm helping some of you get out
of your mental prisons as well in fact
I'm writing a book about it I'll be
writing it you know about a couple hours
I saw a headline that said that stormy
Daniels lawyer would not be gagged you
should never put gag in a headlines with
stormy Daniels that's that's just my
little advice to anybody all right have
you also noticed more stories about
trumpet derangement syndrome by
different names but the sense of that as
a real medical problem
maybe I'm just noticing them but let me
ask you this have you noticed in the
past just a few weeks there are more
stories about legitimate actual medical
problems coming in of Trump derangement
syndrome now you've probably noticed
that the anti-trump are are trying to
respond to the Trump derangement
syndrome framing by saying that Trump
supporters are a cult how many of you
seen the anti Trump errs try to frame
Trump supporters as a cult
now I was wondering if I was wondering
if that's an organized thing or just
somebody heard it and it was catchy so
they they picked it up do you think that
the simultaneous mess of the anti-trump
errs all using the word trump cult do
you think that that's organized because
I can't tell I've got two feelings about
this one is it seemed to happen somewhat
simultaneously which would suggest that
the memo came out much like back in the
campaign when everybody started using
the word dark Oh everything the
president does this dark gets dark that
was clearly organized there's no
question about that one because not only
did everybody say it at the same time
but it was such a weaponized high-end
you know somebody who really knows their
stuff came up with that I made my
guesses who I was but when you hear the
the Trump cult I say to myself I'm not
positive that that's nuclear grade that
doesn't feel nuclear grade not like dark
dark was dark was strong strong stuff
cult is almost a comical thing you know
when you say somebody's in a cult it
almost seems like a punch line or
something it doesn't feel scarier or
terrible so you know even though cults
are or not don't have a good reputation
obviously but it feels like it feels
like that the left is trying to counter
the Trump drange man syndrome thing
because it's so stinky and a brand and
ascendant number times and is it it's
not my imagination that folks are even
the anti-trump errs are using the phrase
trump derangement syndrome have you
noticed that now they're usually using
it somewhat defensively as in we don't
have that or we're being blamed to that
but it feels like both the left end
there
right are talking about Trump
derangement syndrome as though it's just
a real well not as though that it is a
real thing it has an actual medical
diagnostic quality to it and that there
are millions of people suffering from it
that feels to be now medically
demonstrated you know scientifically if
you will without without the controlled
experiments I don't mean that but the
Trump cult doesn't it doesn't ring us
true does it it's certainly true that
people who support the president tend to
be sticky
meaning that you know they're gonna
they're gonna support him through their
good news and the bad news but that's
just politics is that really different
than anything we've ever seen before
not really one of the things that I also
wonder if you know how much of this I'm
behind because sometimes it's hard to
tell
have you seen how many times the the
anti-trump errs will blame the pro Trump
side of twisting themselves into
pretzels to be apologists to explain
away the bad things that he did have you
ever seen that so many times we see
people say oh they're they're making
this bad thing sound like a good thing
have you ever seen so much of that and
my take on that is that Trump supporters
are succeeding at that
take the fareed zakaria example that I I
just talked about you know he's seeing
no progress on North Korea and no
progress
with the EU I I don't even know a world
that is like I can't even imagine that
point of view so am i twisting it into a
pretzel when I say that the the economy
is
point one percent GDP this quarter I
mean it feels like it's just the fact
you know give or take a few points that
will be adjusted that feels like just a
fact and now a hundred percent of
economic experts would say yeah this
optimism thing that does drive the
economy so the things that I've been
saying that people keep in mind that
I've been saying that his brand of
persuasion and optimism would directly
drive the economy up and a part of that
optimism is doing the right stuff you
have tax changes and regulation changes
but honestly it's the bigger or feeling
we have about those things that really
drives things so I said that before you
saw it all right I told you a fully you
know year and a half in advance that if
you were elected this is what you're
gonna see and remember people said well
you're twisting it into you know that
you're really you're really reaching
it's a reach Scott it's such a reach to
imagine that this guy who had some
bankruptcies and he you know it doesn't
pass the fact-checking you think wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute
whole stop you say haha are you idiot
you fool you think that this guy over
the bankruptcies this this con man is
gonna do good things for the economy
hahahaha Scott you twist into well a
pretzel you're a pretzel with your logic
your pretzel logic how could you say
that and then he gets elected and then
it he does exactly that and my pretzel
logic turned out to be right on point do
you remember when President Trump said
yeah we're saying fire and fury and was
sort of giving it back to Kim jong-un
the way he was receiving it and
the legitimate press was saying at the
end of the world we're going to get
nuked he cannot say those things in a
tweet it's making everything worse what
did I say
I said whoa that's not what's happening
here he just I said
President Trump just humanized Kim Jong
hoon he just he just moved a month of
the level of bro talk he he actually
just showed him respect by dealing with
him like a like a peer in the weird way
and that this was probably going to be
leading to something good
who said that me and what did people say
they said Oh Scott you Trump supporters
will say anything you apologist you are
twisting things your what is wrong with
your logic can you not see what is right
in front of you on the television screen
so so and then how long ago was I
talking about Trump derangement syndrome
as a real medical problem and sure
enough it is and I think that you know
you'll see progress also with you know
I've been saying that the all of the
tariffs and the trade war stuff I've
been saying that the best thing to do is
push on all the doors at once make as
much noise as you can push as hard as
you can and some of those doors are
going to open and once you get a few
doors going your way it probably is
going to create some momentum to allow
the other entities the other countries
to make a deal also but until you get
the first one
maybe the EU will be that one until you
get the first one the others are gonna
hold tight alright nobody wants to be
the first one to to cave because it
would look like they're caving but if a
number of people just say hey let's come
up to an agreement let's get rid of
tariffs both ways
then it makes it safe for a China to say
oh we're not caving we're just doing
what people do I see
Europe is doing this how Canada is doing
it now I see Mexico has made a deal if
it goes that way it makes it safe for
China to say all right well this isn't
our first choice but at least it's safe
to do it everybody's doing it we're just
joining the pack so I think what you're
going to see is that the president's
seemingly crazy negotiating style is
exactly on point we can't predict the
specific outcome but if you ask me is
this more likely to be positive than
negative I don't even think it's close
it's so likely to be positive in the
long run short run of course we're gonna
we're gonna take a hit but he's doing it
when the economy is strong it's exactly
the right time to do it all right what
else is going on here today
don't trust him the ice director is
retweet I don't know what that is all
right I think somebody asked if I could
make you love me less it's impossible
Trump met the New York Times today for
what even the New York Times gave him
credit for the economy by the way now
what did I say about the the first year
of Trump's economy now I said I agree
that the first year of any presidents
term you have to kind of give whatever
happens that first year and that's more
that more is about the the person who
just left because there's a bit of a
time lag with the economic stuff but I
said that by the second year of the
president's term that's gonna really be
the Trump here
you know that's the year that it's 75%
trumpeting 25% prior presidents of
course it's the president isn't the
whole story but in terms of presidential
influence and the first year of a Trump
economy which I call the sophomore year
you know the second year of his term is
really the first year in my opinion this
just my view then it's his economy what
happened well the first year of the
Trump economy which is the second year
of his term beat the crap out of the the
the last year of Obama's economy which
was effectively the first year of
Trump's term so deregulation takes
effect yes so it took a while for the
tax breaks the D regulations and all
that stuff to take it do you know a
story I have not heard and I'm trying to
figure out why here's a story that is
not in the news and it goes like this
president Trump removed regulation X
whatever that is and here are all the
bad things that happen because of it how
many regulations did he remove was like
hundreds or something I don't know what
the number is but lots of regulations
were just removed were none of them a
bad idea hundred thousands hundreds
thousands all of these regulations
removed just wiped off the books where
are all the stories from the enormous
industry that hates this president
where are the stories saying oh this one
didn't work yeah this this regulation
that that went to crap now if such a
thing happened and they reported I would
like to think that the regulation would
be put back in place if one of those
regulations was removed and it just made
things worse
maybe the pression report on it because
there has to be some of them and of all
of those regulations there has to be at
least one of them
that was an overreach I mean come on
nobody could be nobody could get it
right 800 times in a row or whatever the
number is yeah
could the president be right 800 times
in a row on removing regulations I doubt
it
who could do that you know no matter how
good do you think he is who could do
that but where's the story I mean
where's the picture of the extra
pollution I mean where's that story is
it because it doesn't exist did he get
all 800 right maybe I mean that's I
suppose it's possible you know because
there because of all the regulations in
the world obviously they were targeting
the ones that were just clearly dumb so
it could be got 800 right in a row I
mean it's it's not impossible but it
feels like at least some of them would
be a little gray area and his critics
would be reporting on it so it could be
it could be that the stories would be
boring it could be yeah it could be that
the news organizations don't have enough
resources to go chase down these little
stories that might be kind of local it
might be that there's no there are no
statistics yet but it's it's curiously
missing isn't it yeah it's not
sensational enough my predictions for
the midterms well I'll just renew my
prediction I said in January of 2018
beginning of this year that the
Republicans would do substantially
better than whatever was forecast back
then now better just means it might be
not as big a loss as some people thought
and it might be a tie it might be a win
but I'm sticking with that prediction
because to get to get more fine than
that about who's gonna pick up seats
that's not really a persuasion
prediction you know persuasion tells me
the gap will close the actual win-loss
after that has more to do with the
individual candidates and the matchups
and the the way the districts are drawn
and a whole bunch of stuff that frankly
you'd have to be really down in the
weeds too to keep a scorecard on that
have I invited Dershowitz for an
interview I haven't I'm waiting for
waiting for my my startup SAP to do an
upgrade and then I'll start using that
for some more interviews but oh I have
have one interview with Bill pulled a
coming up I think on Tuesday unless we
reschedule but you're gonna see an
exciting update with Bill pulled a and
the blight Authority which I'm gonna get
you all involved with but we'll talk
about that on Tuesday that'll be Tuesday
so Tuesday from my periscope will
feature Bill Ponte and you're gonna hear
some good news
wouldn't you like to hear some good news
at least good news in terms of a process
we'll wait to see how things turned out
but process wise good news rush limbaugh
needs to have me on his show you say you
know I actually was in conversation with
his Booker and we traded messages and I
said I was available and then I just
never heard from him again
now it's possible that he mailed me and
I didn't see it and then he just moved
on it because I don't always see all my
email so I don't I don't know that the
problems on there there under my end I
don't have a theory on that it just
could easily be in my end but it didn't
happen
- - - who is pulled a it's spelled pul
te and I'll tell you about more about
that on Tuesday but if you like progress
in your inner cities you know building a
better world that's what that's going to
be about so it's about taking on really
the the toughest problems may be the
toughest problem yeah yeah that's one of
the things I like about Bill
I hope all day is that he's literally
taking on maybe the toughest problem in
the country and not waiting for the
government to do it so he's just said
what can I do it turns out he could do a
lot so you know that's that's kind of
American you want all right
eta for Tuesday's broadcast it'll be
about the same as always
7:00 a.m. 7:00 a.m. Pacific time so
10:00 a.m. Eastern Time
tired of immigration talk somebody asked
me well I don't know he'd say that oh
let's talk about Cortez who somebody
says she's turning out to be a disaster
for the Dems you're so wrong so I'm
seeing tons of attention on the right to
Alexandria
Octavia of Cortes am I finally getting
her name right we're close and people
are sending me clips in which they say
hey her answers are not good answers to
these technical questions about the
budget and everything and if people are
saying to be isn't that proof that she's
not the real thing to which I say who
are we talking about there are 300
million people in the country who was
the one that you wanted to talk
about it was her who does that remind
you of President Trump I hate to tell
you now I'm not going to say she's like
him I'm not going to say she has his
level of talent because she doesn't but
if you can't stop talking about her
that's the real deal all right
every time you find yourself talking
about her on social media or with a
friend every time there's a story about
how she's not the next leader of the
Democrats she gets stronger
she is absorbing your energy and using
it against you again who has ever done
that in front of you
president Trump she is absorbing your
criticisms and turning them into
attention what is half of persuasion
attention has she gotten the half right
oh yeah she got that she got the half
right like nobody's business right if
you're ignoring that level of talent to
make all of us talk about her you're
missing a big picture all right because
you want to look at her errors I want to
look at the mistakes you want to look at
the things she said they were
technically not perfect or accurate I
know you want to talk about the the time
she stumbled other question who else
have you ever seen do that President
Trump right she is she is a political
rookie who was working her way through a
tough business and she is a be testing
their answers she did some answers about
how to pay for you know the prep the
stuff she wanted probably got a lot of
criticism I hope she she saw it in which
she said oh the way I answer that people
regarded it as not a good answer what do
you think she's going to do the next
time she answers that question do you
think it'll be just as bad no because
she's not stupid
you're watching her practice in public
what do I tell you is one of the traits
of a master persuader one of the biggest
traits somebody just said she is an
embarrassment
you accidentally answered my question
before I even asked it one of the
biggest traits of a master persuader is
that they don't get embarrassed imagine
imagine if you were an ordinary person
and you went on TV and you answered a
question and you just got savaged by
your critics like how you don't know
anything your numbers don't add up just
you know you're dumb you're a fraud
you just got savaged what do you do if
you're a normal person well you retreat
into your shell you get out of politics
you become less effective you become
tentative you become nervous in public
you try to avoid questions you become
worse what happens if you're a master
persuader you say to yourself huh that
didn't work as well as the next thing
I'm going to try alright I'll try some
Milt's but by the way I got a ton of
attention everybody's talking about me
and when I say it right the next time
everybody's gonna be a listener
[Laughter]
everybody's gonna be listening so and
the answer she gave about how do you pay
for the all the changes and she sort of
stumbled through some things but here
are the things she did right many of you
saw the interview she started by saying
that she just she just had lunch with a
Nobel prize-winning economist and she
and she joked about that in the very I
would say disarming way because she just
act like a person who was excited that
she could talk to a Nobel Prize winning
economist and even she was impressed by
that which was actually adorable not it
was very non professional-looking
but in a way it was it was adorable
because it seems so human that part was
perfect she put in your head and Nobel
prize-winning a person advising her so
she went immediately in the very first
moment she went from what the hell do I
know
about anything you know in the economy
which is what people were thinking about
her - I just had lunch with a Nobel
prize-winning economist and he's helping
me craft my message here it is that's
good all right so far that's really
really good if I were going to advise
you if you didn't know much about
economics and your and your audience was
doubting you what would be a good way to
change their minds well I had just had
lunch with a Nobel winning economist he
told me some things and I'm packaging
them for you and here you go it's as
good as coming from a Nobel winning
economist so that's good another things
she had some very visual language she
was talking about military spending now
keep in mind that getting the facts
right doesn't matter because she is
persuading so when you say those facts
are all wrong who does that remind you
of somebody who knows the facts don't
matter I think I mentioned that person
before and so what she said was
something like you know we we bought it
an f-35 we didn't even need and you know
why do we need another nuclear bomb now
I don't know if any of that is true so
people have said no no no no that's true
the military was asking for it all she
was saying that they didn't even ask for
it but that's disputed the truth doesn't
matter to my point what matters is she
made you think of an f-35 she made me
visualize it
she made you think of a nuclear bomb
that you don't need like you visualize
it you saw the mushroom cloud probably
so when you see her talk in such a
visual language and keeping it simple
she didn't go compare this compare this
I think the military spending is too
much that's a concept with no picture
very bad persuasion she didn't do that
she said they gave us an f-35 we didn't
want you picture it gave us you know
nuclear bomb we don't need an extra a
nuclear bomb you picture it simple
visual who's that remind you of remind
you of somebody who talked about
immigration who could have said
well I think we need stronger
immigration control that's a concept
concepts don't work they're not
persuasive so instead he said a wall we
need a wall look at Cortez we don't need
that f-35 we don't need that extra
nuclear weapon
same technique is is all of the
fact-checking and the details correct on
either side it doesn't matter because
it's persuading in a direction that she
that both of them find productive they
genuinely think those directions are
productive and how you get there is
through persuasion not through facts so
she's taking the smart way to get there
so when do you see her work capture your
attention speak in visual language refer
to her nobel-prize-winning you know
person and then her answer about how to
pay for it was marvelous marvelously
terrible meaning that she actually gave
some reasons she said you know we could
do this and we could do that and you
know tweak the taxes and whatever they
were complete factually inaccurate
because the the size of what she wanted
to pay for is this big her answer was
about this big so the question was how
do you pay for this and her detailed
answer was oh you know this little part
we might find a way to pay for that but
then she ran out of time and as long as
time was on her side she just chews up
the time she's given an answer and the
people who are likely to sport her hear
that and they don't know the difference
they don't know anything about the
budgets they don't know how this math
works they just said oh well that yester
for how she was gonna pay for it and she
said that she would tax people who are
not me I kind of like that idea she said
that we would not buy any unnecessary
nuclear bombs I like that I like the
idea of not buying unnecessary nuclear
bombs now this is simplified to the
point of ridiculous what is still
persuasive
so when
people ask me what do I think of her I
say watch out it's probably the real
deal too early to tell right and she
could have missed apps anything could
happen she's young but the preliminary
indications are that she's got a lot of
game a lot of game so watch out which is
completely different from me agreeing
with her right and I'm not telling you I
agree with her I'm just saying that her
persuasion game is very strong and will
be improving so what you're seeing what
you're seeing is her operating at like
20 percent effectiveness then already we
can't stop talking about her so you know
wrap your head around that and multiply
it by 20 years see what you got then all
right
can she actually persuade those on the
right is she that good oh we don't know
because her job is to persuade her side
until she has enough of them that she
has power once she has power then she
has the necessity and the ability to
start persuading the other side but that
stuff you know you see that even
President Trump he's totally
consolidated his side but it's still
tough to make much progress on the other
side he's chewing away at it all right I
think that's all for now I'm gonna get
off and do some work please go enjoy
your day and I'll talk to you tomorrow