good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization all coffee with Scott
Adams it's the best time you've ever had
in your
life if you'd like to take your
experience up the levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is
gaer M Glass a tanker gel S A Canen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dope mean to the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and happens now
go ah so good so so good well the news
is weird and not the most interesting
thing in the world but the important
part is that there's nothing else good
until television there are no other
podcasters doing anything right now I'm
really the best you got if you want to
talk about this sort of stuff so let's
have a great time shall
we first uh Israel has attacked Yemen
because Yemen attacked Israel first with
a drone attack that killed killed one
and injured a bunch and so Israel had
been warning that if any of their many
attacks I guess Yemen has attacked
Israel a bunch of times times with
missile type things but Israel has
successfully shot them down until this
last one got through and so Israel
responded with a long range um Air
Attack which uh took out the well it was
attack on the port of H
HUD HUD
Huda
Huda you know when you want to know the
proper pronunciation of things around
the
world probably shouldn't watch this
I'm usually just
guessing Okay let's call the
P anyway so the port of
H got uh massively attacked giant
Fireball um will that stop
Yemen of course not of course not won't
even slow him down now yon of course is
supported by Iran Iran says we don't
know what you're talking about what
we're not given any weapons to Yemen yet
all those Iranian weapons keep showing
up h
Huh so but the important thing is that
Yemen um is changing their name to a y
woman
Yeoman because
Yen kind of sexist really if you think
about it so it'll be yeah yeah woman in
the
future um do you know that story that
every one of you heard uh that Elon Musk
donated $45 million a month to president
Trump's to a a pack for president Trump
you remember that
story it's not
true can you believe that that story is
not true that that's been like one of
the most basic stories you've seen in
the news the last several days El musk
is going to do $45 million a month a
month in as super pack for Trump nope
not
true how do I know because must said is
not true here's what is true there he is
he does have a fund uh but it's not
specifically for Trump it's for
candidates who are basically putting
Merit above Dei so what he does have is
an anti- Dei fund meaning that he will
be supporting people who are uh in favor
of of um Merit as opposed to you know
identity I guess and he says it isn't
funded at anywhere near that level of
$45
million so that whole story was just
 does that just blow your mind a
little
bit that the things you think are like
well okay I know that for sure but it
took up a long time to debunk it didn't
it you would think that would be the
same day that musk was said no no I
didn't do that that I mean it was such a
big
story you'd think it would be 10 minutes
later that there would be Community note
and he would debunk it anyway so don't
believe
anything so here's a theme which I've
been uh thinking about a lot which is
that a lot can happen between one
presidential race and another and
especially in the the Trump era because
it's a three race situation this is the
third time he's he's been in it and to a
large extent it's you know the usual
suspects you know lining up on one side
but there are a lot of new ones a lot of
new people in the chump camp and one of
the things I started noticing as a
pattern is there's something happening
on the right that I don't think is
happening on the left and I don't know
exactly why but here's the pattern and
you tell me if if this seems like a real
pattern tell me if could think I'm just
imagining this it seems to me that the
people who maybe you could Loosely say
are pro Trump or at least not anti-trump
which ends up being pretty close to the
same thing uh don't just talk about the
news so both the left and the right have
plenty of people who are pundits who
just talk about the news both the left
and right have plenty of people who are
politicians that take their various eyes
and talk like politicians both sides
have have you know biased people on TV
who you know what they're going to say
before they say it so there's no point
in you having them because you know it's
just going to be talking points kind of
thing but there's something happening on
the
right that is seems new and different
which is a bunch of figures that I would
consider
teachers so they're teaching you how to
understand what you're seeing and that's
different that's different from just
saying oh I watched Trump's rally and I
think he was acting like a dictator and
then somebody else will say I watched
that same rally and I interpret it as
being exactly the opposite of what you
just said now that's not any good for
anybody right like what did you learn
from that just two people lying nothing
but I'm gonna I'm G to go through some
examples so you see what I mean for
example let's say Glenn
Greenwald thanks to him I have a whole
new and
understanding of the connection between
the CIA and our intelligence people and
the media and so now I can identify
thanks to Greenwalt when there's an
obvious Intel related news event you can
look at the person you could go oh it's
that Network oh and it's that specific
person who's been identified as you know
an obvious Intel connected
person and then then Greenwald will also
tell you oh this person pushed this
thing that wasn't n true and this thing
that wasn't true and suddenly the news
looks different right I'm not just
taking sides I've learned the gears of
the machine but just in that one domain
right the connection between uh Intel
and and the media but that's a big thing
I mean it's a really big thing if you
don't understand that connection I'll
give you another
one um Michael
shellenberger uh thanks to him and you
know not him
exclusively uh but Mark Schneider
earlier uh but shellenberger is probably
the biggest voice that convinced us that
we weren't seeing nuclear energy
correctly that if you looked at it more
rationally you'd see that there there
are plenty of ways to handle the waste
the modern device the modern um plants
have never had a meltdown you know the
the current technology has never had a
meltdown it's the old technology that's
had meltdowns
so there's a whole bunch of stuff we
learned about the whole energy and even
in a sense comparing it to climate
change and what you can do that I don't
think the left learned I I didn't see a
ton of people educating the left okay
maybe you don't understand nuclear
energy well enough let's explain what is
really dangerous what is really safe
compare it you know rational way so so
shellenberger is like a
teacher right he's he's a journalist so
he's breaking stories as well but he he
treats it more like he's teaching you
and that's that's where I learned a lot
of what I know on that topic likewise
Shel and Berger taught us about the and
Matt taibe about the uh social media
connection to the government now if you
didn't know about that how deep that
connection was you would be really
Flying Blind in understanding the world
you live in that's an important part of
the machine to know that the social
media entities have been until act we
hope uh have been so let's say
Cooperative with the government that it
was effectively a restriction of your
first amendment you know
indirectly so what about uh Mike Benz if
you're not following Mike Benz you're
crazy he he's done the best job of
explaining what he calls The Blob that's
not his own word for it but the blob
being the big military industrial uh
State Department intelligence people
politics and how the how it's always you
know worked as sort of a coordinated
blob of power now if you didn't know
about that blob and how long that's been
powerful and what they do and what they
can do what they cannot do you really
wouldn't understand your world too well
you wouldn't at all and Ben does an
amazing job of explaining that on a
regular basis again he's not breaking
news although often you know he puts
together observations that you haven't
seen before but he's simply explaining
how the Machine Works hey everybody
here's the machine here's this moving
part and then this is connected to that
moving part who's doing that on the
left you start to see the pattern no and
there's
more let's take uh the all-in Pod so
with saxs and jamath P paa I hope I'm
saying that close to right David Sachs
the other guys uh but but those two in
particular um saxs and
jamath they don't just talk about the
news they help you understand it so when
they're telling you about the news
they're also explaining the context and
why that matters and what it's connected
to that's very different it you know you
don't see them doing just the biased
political
stuff you know you see them actually
grappling with actual observations of
real things and how it all connects to
other things very
important about uh covich of course is
can't be compared to anything but how
many things has cernovich explained to
you like a teacher you know not just
somebody breaking a new story but a
teacher how this is connected to
something else all the time it's every
day
how about uh Elon Musk
himself how often does Elon Musk explain
something to you that you need it
explained happens all the time he
doesn't just give you his opinion he
doesn't just take the side Biden bad
Trump good or anything like that he just
tells you how things are connected you
know what what works with
what uh and of course V is the basically
the he's like a teaching machine V has
all the connections well what about this
is connected to this you should expect
this V goes even further he tells you
that the machine predicts the following
outcome and that you can play along and
you can watch how the machine operates
you can see his prediction and then you
can see if he called it right th this is
a whole different
level of what I think is happening on
the left although I might be blind to it
so it could be that I'm I'm just not
seeing it but I asked the other day you
know who else is doing this kind of
thing and uh I didn't see I didn't see
suggestions that I accepted as being in
the same category let's take
relationships and just the category of
success Jordan
Peterson now I don't know the degree to
which he has as many followers on the
left but if you're on the right you're
always seeing Jordan Peterson if you're
on social media and you're seeing him
explain what makes sense from a human
being in a civilization sense almost
again like a machine like okay a human
has this these drives and these
motivations and there's you know this
chemical signature under this situation
very much like describing the gears of a
machine and if you do this it will cause
your dopamine to do this and if your
dopamine does this you're going to do
that you know I'm simplifying of course
but but to actually see the gears of the
machine it's everywhere on the
right when you agree now some of that
turns into conspiracy theory but I'm
going to put the most positive spin on
Conspiracy Theory watch
this this will require a premature
sip you know how um
play is good for kids apparently if
you're a kid and you never get to go
outside and play or play with your
friends you're just not going to develop
right so you need to play it's important
and you need to brainstorm you know you
need to see different things I think all
the conspiracy theory is sort of people
working through the
machine in other words people who who
have the conspiracy theory are trying to
apply it to what they've learned about
the machine you know how the government
really works how the intelligence people
really work uh how the
military-industrial complex really works
how the Press is really
 and they they take all those
things they know about the machine and
then they take each new story such as
the um attempted assassination of trump
and you put it in the machine and it's a
way to test the machine but some of it I
think is closer to play than it is to
knowledge and that as much as you wish
there were not weird conspiracy theories
that turn out to be false and maybe
mislead you we all wish we were less
misled by conspiracy theories but I'm
not sure that they're without
value I feel like I feel like a
healthy society would understand how
everything is connected and then when a
new thing comes up up they would apply
that knowledge and say you know what
this certainly opens the possibility of
a second shooter or something because
we've seen that before so I think even
even the conspiracy theories are people
running through the right process maybe
not always getting the right answer but
running through the right process of
knowing what's connected to what
else
and now I I of course um spend most of
my time trying to do exactly this I'm
doing it right now so what I'm doing
right now for example is explaining can
you know I'm telling you that there's
something about the right that is
functionally different like two
different cars are different right so
there's something that made the people
on the right way way
smarter and far more likely not to be
fooled by fake news in my opinion the
people on the right have learned a set
of skills and I would like to think that
I'm part of that in in the sense of
teaching you had identify fake
news and I I put my own filters on stuff
so I say when it when it's appropriate I
say well I've reminded you too many
times that I have a degree in economics
so here's what an economist would say
looking at this situation here's what a
business person would say looking at
this situation and I think all of those
filters
give you tools it allows you to say all
right what would an economist say in
this situation what what does follow the
money tell us in this
situation so and you saw I think during
the
pandemic um maybe that's when things got
solidified but during the pandemic would
you agree that the people in the right
may have ended up with pretty good
pretty good analysis of the
machine because the people on the right
didn't trust the machine they they say
wait a minute money involved these are
the people we don't trust from other
reasons you know too little time is
going by for the time it would take you
to develop something that satisfied you
um so what would be the logical outcome
of that so if you were to say all right
Scott let's take your take your
proposition there and let's say if it
were
true how would that turn out
well if it were true that the political
right had turned into a teaching
machine a teaching machine and the
political left had turned into an
identity machine with mostly just
accusations you're a white supremacist
I'm black I'm a woman I'm an
lgbtq you're a bad person right so we'll
talk about you know their prediction but
if you were to predict what would happen
if one side just started teaching and
just getting
smarter well one thing you should assume
is that it would start attracting other
smart people because the smart people
are going to say what why is this
group sometimes wrong you know
definitely sometimes has a lot of
conspiracy theories but why are they at
least thinking through it the right
way like what what why is this different
over this side there's something
that's that's rationally
based and I would also say that a big
change and this is probably Trump as
much as anything when I was young I
never would have been associated with
the political right and the primary
reason was that I saw that their main
driver was
religion and that the religion was
informing their policies to a degree
that I wasn't comfortable with because I
didn't share the religious beliefs
but I think that the right has changed
now so that they accept the religious
belief is sort of their business in the
rarest case just really it's just I'd
say at this point abortion uh it comes
through and it's you know it's a big
decider in that case but generally
speaking I would say the political right
is trying to lead with what makes
sense and then also can I enjoy my
religion
please does it feel like that because
there's no longer this Moral Majority
you know you've all got to go to church
hey everybody go back to church it it
felt a little preachy to me in the past
and now it just feels like
Freedom oh oh you want to vote for a
qualified government I do too all right
so we're on the same page oh you would
like to
privately uh enjoy your religion in all
the ways that are good because you've
shown that the religion Works excellent
please go do that and do it a lot like I
I want you to be just as religious as
you want to be I love it as long as it's
not informing all of my political
opinions and you can only pick a you can
only pick a president who's got your
same religion and agrees with all that
stuff no so I I think if you look at the
right there the
rights let's say the way they treat
their own religious faith is now very
compatible with any smart person whether
they agree with your religious fate or
not because it's Freedom it's just
freedom of course I want you to be free
to practice your religion if it agrees
with me or not as long as it's
legal
now take for
example the other side now the other
side oh well to finish the thought what
you would expect is uh that the smart
people would start streaming over to the
right people who don't identify with the
religious part but no longer see it as a
big obstacle it's is simply part of
freedom and I think the all-in Pod would
be an example of that um I don't think
I've seen any of them ever mention
religion it's just not necessary because
you can be fully
embraced uh in a prot trump way with any
religion it it doesn't matter
uh Elon mus doesn't seem to have a
religion that matters but he can he can
be in favor of good policies and strong
immigration no problem with that so I
think what's happened is you're seeing
the migration of the smartest people
moving right because identity is just
stupid let me say it again emphasizing
identity is stupid and every
smart person knows it if I can be honest
every smart person those that focusing
on identity is stupid and in the
long run what's it going to get you if
you if you were to draw that up on paper
and say all right let's see I think uh
we Democrats we need to focus more on
identity and intersectionality and and
you know race and gender and uh sexual
preference and that's really going to be
our Focus if somebody told you that
before it ever
happened what would you predict would be
the fate of their party the Democrat
Party if you just saw it written down on
on a PowerPoint slide we're going to
change our Focus to Dei and CRT and the
SG well I think you would I think you
would
predict because you see the gears of the
machine you say wait a
minute if you're focusing on your
identity doesn't this guarantee that
sometime not that far in the future that
the Democrat Party will uh atomize into
these different tribes that hate each
other because won't the black people who
are looking for their identity benefits
maybe come in conflict with the the
white women who want theirs and the
lgbtq and and here we
are so the right says what's the best
frame where everybody's better off and
the answer is
Nation nation is and always was was the
correct frame for bringing us together
and making us a successful country and
the Melting Pot in my opinion was the
strongest thing America's ever done as a
concept strongest thing is to say
everybody's American and that's that's
your primary
overarching philosophy everybody's an
American let's start there now what
would you expect would be the fate of
that
party just what you see you would expect
that the right would turn into a highly
capable machine because people of all
types would say wait a minute I don't
have to be black or white or anything I
could be over there and wa why is why is
Elon Musk seemingly friendly to that
side he's so smart wait what what are
these all in pod guys
doing they all made so much money
because they're so smart why are they
over there right so you're seeing this
big magnet that's just sucking the the
smart non- crazy people in One Direction
and meanwhile the poor
Democrats can you believe that they
can't even figure out a presidential
candidate right before the
election have you ever seen anything in
your whole life as incapable as as the
Democrats right now and why is
that it's because of their identity
issue it's exactly what you would have
known every one of you would have
anticipated this right if I'd given you
the test 10 years ago all right one
group's going to focus on America one
group is going to focus on identity you
would have known exactly where this
would turn out there would be no no
mystery here at all you'd say oh the
identity people would start fighting
with each other why because of their
identity so sure enough uh black
Democrats seem to be wanting to keep
Biden for whatever reason I don't know
if the reason are good or bad but they
get to have their own reasons and they
want to keep them meanwhile there are
bunch of other people maybe other
identities who say you know maybe time
to get rid of them but they use their
identity to put KL Harrison in place and
it turns out nobody thinks she's really
capable Le at least capable
enough to win and now they can't replace
her because they focused on identity and
they can't win with her and they can't
make any decision because they just have
two losing
paths and what do the uh Republicans
have the Republicans ran a
primary they they used a process which
guaranteed that when we got to this date
everything would be unified as much as
possible and that the Republicans would
be just chugging along Like This
Magnificent wello
machine with by the way uh I don't know
how many times I'm going to say it
because I like saying it Trump has
really good
advisors we're going to talk about that
in some more detail he has really good
advisors and it's not an accident it's
because the smart people have all been
drawn to the same side because the smart
people are running away from this
identity
argument they're running hard
so we're right where we expect to be all
right let's give you some
examples um you know that if you learned
how the hoax machine works and I've been
teaching you that how many of you knew
that there would be a summer
hoax all right you tell me see how let's
see how educated you you are on how the
world Works how many of you knew months
before it happened that there would be a
big new summer hoax which turns out to
be the the uh project 2025 thing you all
knew right every one of you knew oh
there's going to be a brand new summer
hoax and the media will play it up and
they'll act like it's real and it will
be obviously not real and sure enough so
here is uh hakee jeffri saying uh let's
be clear he says this in a post on X
let's be clear Donald Trump is lying
about project
2025
so uh Trump gives his big rally we'll
talk about in some more detail but one
of the things he said was you they they
keep saying I'm in favor of this project
2025 thing uh no those are extremists
you know some of them are I know and
they're fine and you know but the stuff
in there is Extreme and I see it like
there's extremists on the left there's
extremists on the right and the 2025
stuff is you know a lot of it is
extremists on the right and I reject it
you know you can see my plan it's
published he's he's got his own plan of
what he wants to do now hakee
Jeff tells you he's lying about his own
platform let me ask you
this has that ever happened has anybody
ever lied about their own
platform certainly you know politicians
lie and they might lie about individual
things but is that anybody ever run for
office with a whole different agenda
than the one that they said they have
I mean usually you can tell what they
want before you elect them but
apparently the left with their big Sumer
hoax wants you to believe that Trump is
running for president and that all of
the Republicans around him that would
have to agree sort of on the you know
what the platform is that they're all in
on this major hoax where they really
want to do this project 2025 thing or
they think Trump wants to do it and that
the real thing that the Republicans are
going to do is ignore their own
platform you would have to know nothing
about Republicans to think that's the
case now you might say you know the the
team that does hoaxes one after another
the Democrats the hoaxers might tell you
they're going to do one thing and then
do something else because I don't think
that Biden ever said he was going to
open up the border right I don't think
he said I'll just let everybody come in
uh so you can certainly see on you know
individual things that they might not do
what they said they were going to do but
when have Republicans done that is that
a republican thing because remember it
wouldn't be just trump it would have to
be a whole constellation of Republicans
had somehow gotten together and and
there had been no leaks no
whistleblowers you know no Anonymous
sources and they'd all colluded to
pretend that they had one set of
policies but really hakee Jeff knows
that they have a secret set of
policies that they
don't so you can all see all of the
gears of that machine right probably
every one of you right now this morning
says yeah we knew the hoax was coming we
knew how it's developed we know you know
that it's not Trump's thing we know he's
got his own thing we know the media is
coordinated as a Democrat machine
essentially so they're going to say over
and over that it's true and not
so now suppose you're a
Democrat and you haven't been trained in
this way to see all the gears of the
machine you turn on the TV and the news
says hakee Jeffrey says Trump is lying
and he's going to do all these project
2025 things what would you do if you had
no background in training in what's
really the way things work you'd say man
what's in that thing and then they'd
give you some scary things that are in
that and you say oh my God that sounds
pretty
dangerous yeah it matters if you know
how things
work here's another thing I was thinking
about uh Mike Ben once said there are
three or four major uh power
sources so a president is going to do
well if those power sources support the
president for example uh the energy
industry
uh is one of the big power sources in
the country now Trump presumably would
be loved by the energy business because
he would promote more drilling drill
baby drill and fewer
regulations so one assumes that the
energy industry would have a major
preference for Trump over Biden fair
enough you You' all buy that right how
about
Finance Finance not sure has ever well I
don't know I don't know the history but
if you say that Jamie Diamond is the
sort of the big name in finance and he
recently didn't say he was Pro Trump but
he did say on television when the
cameras were running well Trump has been
right about a number of things he said
you know let's be realistic you know if
we're just being objective Trump got a
bunch of things
right now that's not a strong
endorsement but it was kind of Brave
that he would say anything Pro Trump
even with
caveats so I feel like Finance might be
leaning toward Trump a little bit and
the Republicans just for fiscal a little
bit of fiscal control now I'm not going
to argue that the Republicans have
better fiscal control I think they have
an intention of better fiscal control at
actual performance not impressive but
just in terms of which groups are going
to support which candidates I don't
think Biden has a big advantage in the
finance
group then look at Tech another power
source is the all the tech people
high-tech it looks like Trump's either
owns that or he's taking a big bite out
of it I mean now we're seeing big
Venture capitalists and you know musk of
course and uh far more people than you
would have expected and now JD Vance is
popular apparently in in the tech
world and then the military-industrial
complex this would be the hardest one
for Trump because he's anti-war and the
military-industrial complex makes money
when there's war but Trump does have a
play if his play is I'm going to be
Reagan and I'm going to build up our
military that's expensive so you could
imagine them saying uh we do like the
wars because we make a lot of money with
the wars but we also like the
rebuilding even maybe even better
because we have to you know build up our
stockpiles of all kinds of shells and
weapons and planes and replace our old
stuff so of these four big sources the
Energy Group Finance high-tech and
military-industrial complex Trump either
already has the dominant position or he
has a good enough
argument I've never seen seen that
before now
again who who on the Democrat side is
explaining to their people that there
are kind of four power sources in the
country if you don't understand how each
of them likes the candidates you're
going to be surprised at their outcome
right now this is you know Mike Ben is
the uh Godfather of this stuff now
doesn't that make you feel smarter
you're actually learning how the machine
works
all right um so here are some things
about so Trump gave a his first big
rally since the assassination
attempt
um my observation is how hard is it to
go back in public after somebody shot at
you just ask yourself how easily you
could do that I don't how don't know how
easy it was for trump it couldn't have
been super easy but he sure made it look
easy you made it look easy and you as
others who are smarter talk about
bravery bravery isn't about how you feel
about
it you know that right bravery is not
about how afraid you are bravery is
doing it anyway so the only part you can
measure is did he do it anyway yes he
did so we don't have to wonder about you
know what was in his internal dialogue
in his mind he did it
he he did it that that's the end of the
story right it took bravery he did it so
that was good it didn't take long he was
back in the saddle one hopes he had
better Secret Service protection by then
but he seemed very relaxed very happy
seemed to be on a just complete high and
I believe he's already modified his
approach into what I'm going to I'm
going to call
presidential there there's a whole
different mode when you're in pure
campaign mode but at the moment he
doesn't even know who he's running
against think about that he doesn't know
who he's running against not really so
given that people are assuming he's
going to win under our current set of
situations he's running like he already
won he's running like he he's already in
the position and then he can soften his
rhetoric for example apparently he
removed them from this uh
speech um he didn't say anything about
January
6 he like to say the election was rigged
blah blah blah the January Sixers are in
jail for no reason blah blah
blah but he's not going to get those
January Sixers out unless he gets
elected so he moves into presidential
mode uh vastly increases the odds that
he'll get elected and then he can take
take care of any January 6 people who
maybe were you know in need of a
presidential paron so being quiet about
it for a few months might be the best
play for the January Sixers but it also
is just less trouble because he you know
he knows that if he starts questioning
the 2020 election it's going to look
like a backwards looking approach nobody
likes that right even if he like Trump I
don't want him looking backwards at 2020
do
you but so the closest he's getting to
the election rigging claims is to say
that the only way he could lose is if
Democrats cheat and I guess uh um Don Jr
is saying similar stuff that is a
very much improved approach for exactly
where he is in the campaign where he is
in the campaign is don't give them any
reason to have a a weapon so right now
he doesn't need a new weapon he needs to
make sure he's not a Target that there's
an opening that they can make something
that hasn't happened yet happen so it
totally makes sense and again I'm going
to give you know my millionth compliment
to his um Consulting team this is the
sort of change that I'm pretty sure
comes from advisers that he trusts you
know obviously the the boss always has
to get the credit because the boss picks
the advisors the boss decides which
advice to take so it's always the boss
but you can't you can't choose good
advice unless you got great advisors
he's got great advisers I don't know who
it is I would love to find out after the
race who were the main advisers because
they're killing it they're just doing
such a good job for
him I assume it's a you know team of
people but just doing great so yes that
was exactly what he should be doing is
avoiding the January 6 thing it's just
red meat you don't need it get the power
and then do what you need to do
um and here's the part I like the
best so you know the Democrats are
trying to go with this vague he's going
to steal your
democracy Trump joked about it there we
go that is exactly right he should joke
about it and here's what he said I'll
I'll paraphrase he said uh yeah they the
Democrats are saying I'm trying to steal
your
democracy he goes how am I stealing your
democracy and then there's this little
pause for perfect timing and then he
says last week I took a bullet for
democracy Crowd Goes Wild now how much
do I love that beyond words that's so
good now is it logical to say that he
took a bullet for democracy no not
really that's not it's not really a
logical connection I mean there was an
assassin we don't know all the details
blah blah well it wasn't exactly he took
a bullet for democracy
but were you willing to argue that point
no it feels like it's right it's the
damnedest thing it's a sort of a trump
only
communication it sounds like it's true
and right and exactly the right thing to
say I took a bullet for democracy it's
not exactly sensible but why does it
feel so
sensible can't you feel it and and it
was uh it was a joke but it also was a
clarifier it was a
reframe and and then he just sort of you
know laughs and says steal your
democracy that's
crazy
perfect perfect because I want them to
give
examples how's he stealing your
democracy well he's trying to take the
bodily autonomy rights away from women
here's the response to that you mean by
taking the power away from himself the
federal government and making sure it
got moved closer to the
individuals that's stealing your
democracy because it looks to me a lot
more like increasing
it right if you're a republic you know
the people in charge of making the
decisions and that might include the
federal government if you're closer to a
democracy the people are more in charge
and moving it to the States get you
closer to that now that's not the best
explanation but the point is they don't
even have
examples even their examples are
examples where he's
increased democracy not decreased it by
any you know reasonable standard so I
love the fact that he asked the question
how am I stealing
democracy I love the fact that he's
treating it as silly because that's
presidential it's presidential to say
you know what it's kind of silly
let's talk about something that matters
that's presidential campaign would be
you say this well I say you do this I
say you're stealing the Democracy that's
campaigning president is what are they
talking about I took a bullet for
democracy yesterday perfect I they could
not have been better this was just
perfect and like he said when he talked
about project 2025 he mocked it
he just mocked it like it was you know
what are you doing what are you making
stuff up for perfect exactly the right
approach um and then even got better
apparently he um he started joking about
his own combover so I guess there was
some video everybody was looking at that
included him he starts looking at his
own haircut he's like oh look at that Co
over
um if you think that Trump is the scary
dictator and you see him making fun of
his own com over in public how do you
hold those in your head at the same
time do you think there was ever a time
when Hitler was giving a speech and then
he paused in the middle he like you know
and this would be my Hitler impression
except in English you know as I'm
looking at all these posters of me as
I'm giving speech I really maybe rethink
this whole
mustache you know honestly it's kind of
a weird mustache like that never
happened right did uh did you ever see
uh
Stalin Stalin giving a speech he like
well you know uh I've got this big beefy
mustache looks kind of funny doesn't it
no no so he doesn't have to say he
doesn't have to you know complete the
line and say um well you know nobody
makes nobody does self-referential humor
if they're a dictator it's just that you
know it you know that dictators act a
certain way and that's not how they act
and so by being you know opposite their
stereotype of him even if it's just
joking and even if it's just about his
haircut every time he does something
that seems opposite their stereotype it
works in IND directly
subconsciously in every way he just has
to be opposite of whatever a dictator
looks like in every way that you can do
that making fun of his haircut is just
one
way he did uh however this was
interesting he uh he did take a swipe at
El Salvador and president buelli who
many people are saying is doing doing a
great job uh controlling MS13 and crime
his way down Etc and even as he was
doing that I think yesterday Matt Gates
was visiting and you know we have very
good relationship with El Salvador at
the moment it seems but uh Trump took a
swipe at him and he said that uh that El
Salvador is releasing their criminals
into the US and that's part of the
reason that the crime rate in El
Salvador is down now I did see somebody
on the left
say uh there's no evidence of that
because he used to say it about
Venezuela maybe he still does
um
and and somebody said but is there any
evidence that they're actually literally
opening the jails and letting them go
and I would say that's a good
question that is a perfectly good
question I I would like to know if uh
Trump's claim is actually backed by data
because I don't know do you is it I
don't know if it's provable or he just
figures the suspicion is good enough
well I think it's it's compatible with
his idea that too many criminals are
coming in and it helps his message I
think there's probably evidence
anecdotally that at least some people
came here because they were in trouble
with the law in their home country would
it be fair to say that we picked up some
number of people you know not a gigantic
number but people who already were
wanted in their own country I mean I've
seen stories like that so if we're
picking up people who are wanted in
their own country that's sounds a lot
like they left the country because they
were criminals and they thought it would
be safer here but you don't know every
every one of those stories is unique
they may have had different reasons to
come so um I'd love to see if there's
some backing to that but it's also just
interesting that he would uh he would
slap an
ally uh but let me tell you and so then
buelli commented on X and his only
comment was taking The High
Ground taking The High Ground but
basically he wasn't going to you know
directly mix it up on that totally the
right answer I tell
you buelli if I'm even saying that right
El Salvador's leader you got to say he's
smart I mean whatever else you like or
don't like about him he's smart and he
does smart things and he just does it
one after another so I think this might
be a little bit of
neing I think Trump is going to first
knock him down a few pegs because
remember they're both leaders in in this
part of the world I don't think Trump
wants anybody to be a higher level
leader you know anybody who who gets
more credit for being a leader so I
think he's going to first give him a
little brush brushback pitch later
if assuming Trump is
elected I predict they will be best
friends anybody want to make a
bet I I bet if Trump gets elected I can
guarantee you there'll be a point where
bu Kelly visits the White House and
you're going to see them Trump slapping
them on the back and saying this guy's
great I love this guy I wish wish we
didn't have your criminals but I love
this
guy so I wouldn't worry about it I think
Trump just you know gives people a brush
back pitch and then later Embraces them
uh it's just part of his
persuasion game all right let's talk
about the question of one or two
Shooters I saw Bill Amman got involved
in looking some of the analyses uh so
there was an audio analysis that made it
look like there was two
Shooters in addition to the U uh in
addition to the one
sniper uh there's new news
that suggests that two of uh the good
guy
snipers tried to take out the bad guy
which would mean that there were three
three different Shooters so two
snipers uh that are on Trump's side and
then the one sniper who tried to kill
him and that would be three guns
so uh there doesn't seem to be evidence
of a second
shooter uh but there there is evidence
that the were three Shooters just two of
them were good guys apparently the
police um and by the way all this could
change but apparently the police
sniper um he missed and apparently the
uh the Secret Service sniper did a one
in a million shot because by the time
the the police sniper missed I guess the
guy you know Crooks was way down and
just a little bit of his head was above
the uh
above the barrier and it looks like it
looks like the uh Secret Service guy
with one shot hit a Target that was you
know maybe 4 in
tall from a fairily sizable distance so
people are saying it was just an amazing
shot by the the one guy I'm kind of
surprised that the first shot didn't at
least make the shooter stop but it it
did make him shoot wildly so
uh one of them did their their work now
the other thing we
learned is that um the report is that
the two different groups of police one
was local one was nearby local in charge
of the sniper that was in the building
instead of on top of it and then there
was a secret service apparently they did
not have the same communication
channels can you believe that there are
three entities
and there was not one Communication
channel that they were all on so that
they could be
coordinating now who speculated that
that would be the
case can you think of anybody who's been
talking about this who said you know it
could have been a communication problem
because they might have had different
communication methods me yeah I'm the
only person who said that that could be
the answer do you know why nobody else
said it because the rest of you built
have bought into the uh Secret Service
is so capable there's no way that
they're going to have separate
communication channels like even if
they're working with the police OB
obviously people obviously they're going
to be on the same Communication channel
I mean you couldn't have three different
police organizations working in an event
and being on different communication
channels that wouldn't work right well
looks like that might have been the
case now now when I say different
channels it doesn't mean they couldn't
all talk to each other it might mean
that they weren't just automatically on
the right ones in other words you might
have to dial a phone and get somebody to
get somebody on the phone or something
but they didn't have a quick common
communication all right now how's the
dilbur filter looking remember I told
you from day one that you know certainly
The Conspiracy Theory multiple shooter
thing is alive as a Poss ility not ruled
out but also alive is mass incompetence
and I know that some of you fought
against it mentally you fought against
it because you thought nobody could be
that
incompetent and I said do you remember I
said I don't think you understand how
how incompetent organizations can be and
I said if there are two organizations
you're automatically going to have
trouble and if there are three which
there were you're really in
trouble uh now somebody else
said that uh it seemed very unlikely
that somebody could you know carry out
this this assassination if it were a
conspiracy theory there'd be too many
people involved and you'd find out and
uh and why do you think they would be
capable well I'll use the Steve Jobs uh
frame for that Steve Jobs would say if
you want something done you want the
fewest number of experts Engineers
usually you don't want you don't want a
100 Engineers working on something you
want five like five really really good
ones then you got something so I would
say that you know if it turns out
there's that Crooks is part of a larger
conspiracy that the largest that
conspiracy could be would be five
people meaning that you could find you
know four other people besides him who
are super good at what they do and not
going to talk to anybody you know
they're actual assassins and had done it
for years and were experienced and they
had a getaway plan and they knew how to
they knew how to brainwash Crooks and
they knew how to take him out and maybe
maybe but once you get Beyond five
really handpicked High capable people
everything's incompetent
every everything's broken so why would
the Secret Service be the one thing that
was
unaffected by what's breaking everything
else in the world everything else in the
world is full of incompetence and sure
enough the Secret Service was apparently
just full of incompetence it was exactly
what my first guess was huh that looks
like major
incompetence and so far it looks like
that so there's a rumor that cheel the
head of the the Secret Service might
resign on Monday but I'm not believing
that yet I do not believe she's
necessarily going to resign and I'm not
entirely sure that the world is better
off if she
does I think she has to resign
eventually but don't they sort of need
her there to answer questions and
to you know kind of explain fully with
resources at her at her disposal so I
don't think you want to do that too
quickly but I think it'll Happ
anyway uh it was fun watching on X as
the experts were analyzing it and uh and
then other experts were debunking it and
were trying to figure out what's what so
that was a lot of
fun and then there's a story of um had
the Trump people been asking for more
Secret Service protection and was it
denied well mayorcas who appears to be
the biggest liar in the
world um
so so we have our uh U our mentally ill
guy back in the comments so there's a
some mentally ill guy who just writes
the word fart a 100 times and and he's
spamming the comments with them so if
you're listening to me mentally ill guy
um do you have anybody who can help you
put your back on your
meds because it looks like you're either
deeply in ebri created in the morning or
you need some adult to help you out so
whatever it is you think you're doing by
writing the word fart 400,000 times in
the
comments it's not
fun it's not interesting it's not useful
it's not funny it just sort of makes you
look like a complete loser so if you
woke up feeling like a loser well it
looks like you are you're a total loser
and if the only thing you could figure
out this morning to do was to come here
and make the rest of us less happy you
need to get some help so if there's
somebody around oh there he is he's back
so if there's somebody there who can
maybe help you get you back on your meds
that'd be
great all
right so mayorca said uh no it's a
baseless and irresponsible statement
that uh that he had turned down any
extra help but the Washington Post says
uh maybe you did turn down some requests
for help and then the story got into
well maybe they did give them some help
but maybe they did turn down some
help so and then the uh New York Post uh
says that apparently for a long time the
uh Trump people have been asking for
more resources
and uh have been told that they don't
have them that there are no extra
resources in some
cases here's what I'm going to
do there we go so I I got rid of the uh
the commenter so
um so I I can see the locals comments
now but not the
rest so locals only will be commenting
uh cuz uh somebody in Rumble needs to
figure out who that user is and and
delete them
please so Trump gave a interview and uh
he he's a little concerned maybe that's
an understatement he a little concerned
that uh there was evidence that there
was a danger at the speech where he got
almost killed and that nobody said maybe
you should wait a few minutes and don't
go on until we take care of this now
that is the big question so the big
questions are why did it take a while to
shoot once they identified the the uh
the Assassin and then the second one and
I think the answer to that is they
couldn't tell if he was theirs or
someone
else's so imagine you're the
police um or imagine you one of the good
guy
snipers and you know that there should
be a good guy sniper on that very roof
and and then you see that there's
somebody with a gun who is peeking over
the the top of the roof and all you can
see is sort of a face and and a high-
powerered rifle and you say to yourself
well that's exactly where there should
be a person with a high powerered
rifle that would be the Secret Service
or the police so from a distance you
could easily imagine that they didn't
want to shoot their own
person now it's the weirdest situation
because everybody knew there should have
been a good guy sniper on that very roof
so if you it's sort of like that Yanni
and Laurel thing you know if you
expected a good guy sniper and then you
look in the roof and there's a guy with
a rifle and you can't see much because
he's beyond the crest of the thing you
just see a head and a gun how long would
it take you to know he's a bad
guy probably he'd have to
shoot probably they couldn't tell and
there might have been some back and
forth I don't know that I'm just
speculating at this point so one
question is why did it take a while to
shoot the other one is why didn't why
did they let Trump Go on stage these are
still big open
questions um and here's a weird story I
wasn't expecting but NBC is reporting
that the clintons Bill and Hillary uh
have privately been supporting President
Biden to stay in the job which would
mean that Obama would be on the other
side from Hillary Clinton
if the reporting is true and who knows
if it is
but and the reason uh Mike Ben's again
pointing this out that they that there's
a uh the big Clinton what's it called
the
Clinton Clinton Global initiative wants
to raise money to help
Ukraine so the clintons apparently have
a gigantic amount of money uh at risk
depending on which way Ukraine goes
so if uh so if Obama's in charge I'm
sorry if Biden is in charge then it
looks like the clintons can do their
thing raise massive amounts to uh
rebuild Ukraine but we all assume that
the raising massive amounts is so that
they can you know redirect some to their
cronies keep a taste make a bunch of
money we we don't really think that's
for the benefit of Ukraine it's for the
benefit of the clintons and whatever
their powers are forces so it looks like
there might be a disagreement between
the Obama wing and the Biden wing and
the Clinton Wing So basically total
chaos but if the clintons are still
pushing for Biden to stay in office I'm
going to stay with my prediction that
Biden will stay in
office now you probably didn't think we
would get this far with him still in
office and people are still saying but
wait uh weren't we told that Biden was
going to resign this weekend
well it's
Sunday right that all the reporting was
he's going to resign in the weekend that
would be
today do you how many of you think he's
going to resign
today because if Biden resigns today
that would mean that the reporting was
accurate would you bet on that would you
bet on that reporting being
accurate
because it looks like the reporting
might have been part of forcing Biden
out in other words if enough people say
he's definitely going to quit on the
weekend then the the people who fund him
and raise money for him are going to say
okay well we're not going to raise any
money because he's going to quit and
then he has to quit because he doesn't
have any money or he can't raise it so a
lot of people quite reasonably said uh
the Democrats are lying about his
intentions of quitting because that's
part of the process of forcing him to
quit
now if he if he's still on the job
tonight it means that at least the
weekend he's report was wrong and that
was my prediction that he's going to
stay in so I think he has too much ego
and other maybe even you know risk of
jail and risk of protecting his family
and everything else I think Biden's too
invested I don't I don't think he can
leave so we'll see
all right
uh so there's uh did you know that a
single Data Center and we're going to
need a lot more data centers because AI
is going to just suck the energy out of
the country and already is by the way so
there there's already a surging demand
for energy because of
AI uh I wonder how long it's going to
take before AI causes
inflation that's going to happen right
because AI is going to
uh vastly increase the amount of energy
that's needed but we're not going to be
able to create that much more energy
fast so the price of energy will go up
and that that will affect everything we
do so it could be the AI is going to be
this massive inflation driver that's
just my take we'll see if that happens
anyway uh according to McKenzie and
Company um one Data Center use as much
power as 880,000 us
homes and we're building a lot of data
centers so that's a lot of 880,000 homes
that will have to compete for energy
somewhere all right uh Chris Brennan
writes an article in USA Today an
opinion
piece and he says it's time for Biden to
drop ANS the Democrats can run a
historic two-woman
ticket now do you remember how long was
it
several years ago when I started saying
that Democrats were the party of
women and sure enough you know there's
definitely a male female difference now
the the Republicans are sort of
testosterone sorry testosterone
driven um but with lots of female
support basically women who still like
men can be
Republicans and
it it seems
uh it seems like
there's no real chance that they could
win with that what do you think uh do
you think if and they're talking about
let's say uh Whitmore Governor Whitmore
being the VP so if KLA Harris is the
head of the
ticket and the backup is a woman Whitmer
or somebody else do you think that's a
stronger package than what they have now
I mean Biden's a weak package AG but if
they ran two
women what would happen to the rest of
the men in the Democrat Party wouldn't
the rest of them
leave let me put it this
way if two women were the candidates
especially these two women for the
Democrats how many republican women
would say you know what you know I I
don't love their policies but I love the
fact that it's too women so I'm not
going to vote
Republican cuz you know I think it's
time for a
woman I think
none I don't think any I don't think
anybody who was you know either an
independent leaning right or already
Republican I don't think there's any
woman who would say oh it's women uh oh
I'll go vote for them let just so not
Republican that's just not what any
Republican would
do but what what about the Democrat
men if you're a if you're a Democrat man
and you see that things have gone so
female in your party that there's not
even a man running anymore would that
feel like the last
draw I I I feel like that's where you
would You' use that as your your fake
because it's like all right you're not
even trying for men all right I'll go to
the Republican party they seem to still
like men I think that's what's going to
happen but I do not believe that the
ticket will change I think I'm I'm going
to still go with my prediction that on
Election Day Biden will be the top of
the ticket Kamal will be number two and
the Democrats will hilariously and
absurdly say hey everybody just know
that you're really voting for
kamla that was my prediction from a
while ago G to stick with
it all right uh there's a new robot for
Biden there's it's called Carmen C menen
it stands for a cognitively assisted
robot for
motivation and neuro reabilitation so
it's basically a a little tabletop robot
that uh helps you with your cognitive
abilities if you're failings it can give
you little tests and memory stuff and um
I'm no product developer but I don't
think this has a chance to
survive I think it's
yeah and and here's
why if you were the kind of person who
um was not already doing a lot of things
that got your your mind
engaged you're not going to want to use
this little robot testing
you so if you were already not the kind
of person who said you know what I just
need to keep my mind engaged at a
certain age so I'm going to read books
I'm going to get involved in this this
project this task I'll keep working
whatever it is I do if you're not that
kind of person you're not going to use a
personal robot to test you every time
you s at your breakfast table I don't
see how this could possibly work
honestly it it just seems to me that the
people who would need it are selected to
be exactly the people who would never
use it because they were already not
intellectually curious and and
driven so we'll see anyway might might
help uh could be Biden's new running
partner is the dementia
robot all right I'm going to close with
this story and I'm going to read it
entirely um it's from uh Wall Street
Apes is who brought it to my attention
on X but uh John Dawson wrote a an
opinion piece on I guess it was on X and
uh I just want to read it to you
because it's just so good and it just be
a feel-good way to start your Sunday all
right you ready for this so what you
need to know about John Dawson is he's a
a a young black
man
and he says the following and I quote
you say why Supremacy is plaguing our
country and as a black man when I walk
around in Central Texas when I go when I
go to all these other states I'm like
well where is this where is it I don't
see it I'm going into white restaurants
I went into a coffee shop in the middle
of a Podunk town that had less than a
thousand people and all these white
people were just so nice and they make
delicious coffees might I add like I'm
looking around I'm like wondering where
is this right when I go up to Dallas uh
when I go to Houston when I go to
California it's just like I don't see it
especially when I see people with Maga
hats here it comes they're always so
respectful and maybe they're just trying
to hide their racism right
that's another comment that people make
is oh well you don't know what they say
behind closed doors I don't care that's
what he says he says I don't
care if you're going to make fun of me
behind closed doors why would I choose
to assume you're making fun of me behind
closed doors and then live under that
umbrella of Oppression because you said
something meany weeny behind closed
doors and I'm supposed to live on
that this guy's brilliant that's
ridiculous it's like this perpetuation
of a victimhood that even if it doesn't
affect you you should make sure it
affects you oh this is perfect it's
ridiculous it's basically trying to
perpetuate people to live in this this
low Society even though they're not
experiencing it in
reality now I can give you my own
comments about this but it's too perfect
it's just too perfect so I'm going to
end on
that and I'm going to talk to the local
subscribers privately thanks for joining
I hope we can get rid of our we'll get
rid of our troll later and then I can
look at the rest of your comments um but
thanks for joining everybody I'm going
to say goodbye to YouTube and Rumble and
x and talk to the local subscribers and
uh we'll see the rest of you
tomorrow all right 5 Seconds we'll be be
with
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for