[Music]
boom hey you're so fast all of you
people
how did 300 people hit the hit the bug
missed the moment it went live you're
amazing I think you're some of the most
gifted and tactically brilliant people
in the entire world
and I'm not just saying that but I know
why you're here you're here for the
simultaneous up the best thing of the
day the greatest way to end the year I
think we should drink to an amazing year
am I wrong that this is like a really
good year if we were to look at 2019 in
the in the from the context of the
future what would we say about it dr.
funk juice DJ dr. funk juice is with us
good to see you thanks for inviting
people and thanks for coming to enjoy
the simultaneous up do you know what you
need to participate in the same old
simultaneous if it's not much no all you
need is a cup of our glass a tanker
chalice DynaTAC a canteen Jagger flask a
vessel of any kind and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
show the day the thing that makes
everything better
it's called the simultaneous it go yep
just as good as I thought it would be
that my friends is the final
simultaneous if of 2019 or is it or is
it now there's another one coming I
would like to drink a toast to all of
you I believe that you have served a
very valuable patriotic if not global
service in 2019 because of all of you I
get to do this and I get to do this and
suggest ideas and
promote ideas I think are useful systems
are better than goals telling stacks
things like that I think is useful
based on the feedback I get but I
couldn't do any of it without the
benefit of an audience and so you have
been part of something I think very
important if you were not here if you
did not some of you buy my books then
people could not read them publishers
would not publish them and I hear every
day now especially because it's the end
of the year that I hear I hear people
thanking me for something that was in my
book that helped them and their career
or their life or something that they saw
in the periscope that they found helpful
and really changed their life
and my first my first reaction of course
is to take total credit it's like well
if I helped you're welcome thanks I'll
try to do more of that because I like it
but if I am if I'm being completely
honest and generous there's nothing I do
in public that works unless you're doing
what you're doing which is paying
attention and so this is to you I lift a
special 20:19 simultaneous sip to all of
you for making the world a better place
simply by putting your attention
someplace useful here's to all of you
you know I don't know if it's fully
dogged on you what's happening because
when you're when you're in the middle of
something you can't see it from the
outside anymore you're too close to it
there's something really important
happening like right here
way right now and every time we do this
and what's happening is that there's I
would say a tribe being built around a
series of ideas so each person that you
follow has usually a constellation of
ideas and the reason you follow them or
pay attention to them or read their
books or whatever read their articles is
because you like that constellation and
so it forms people into almost a virtual
idea tribes you know they're spread
around the world but people who have a
common vision of things and they they
they tend to gather around people who
communicate that same vision so because
a complete accident of history put us
together we turned into one of those
certainly it's not something I woke up
and said hey I think I'll have a big
audience of a hundred thousand people or
so I think about a hundred thousand
people follow each of these periscopes
if you look at the replays and then it
goes to oh I cracked into the top
hundred on iTunes so iTunes tracks the
podcast popularity and for for about a
week I popped into the top hundred I
think it's 122 last I checked that's
pretty good there are a lot of podcasts
in the world and collectively we made it
to the top hundred but where I'm going
with this is that I've said I've said
this a number of times that democracy
has evolved and technically we're a
republic but in with democratic
principles but our republic has and I
think President Trump is a big part of
this become more of an audience
participation thing meaning that if any
large tribe of ideas gets formed it's
gonna have power and it's going to start
influencing
Congress and the president directly and
I don't think anybody has a problem with
that because they are supposed to be
responsive to the public and if there's
a big voice that forms in the public of
course they should be responsive it
doesn't mean they do everything that
that group wants but certainly
responsive to it pay attention to it and
so we are somewhat accidentally but a
little bit intentionally forming a
powerful idea amplifier I think that's
what we mostly are wouldn't you say
there's not much that I talk about that
isn't an amplifier
application of somebody else's good idea
and I think that's our best and highest
purpose frankly so if I'm boosting you
know March nighter and Michael
Shellenberger on nuclear or doctor Jew
on what to do about the homeless
addicted mentally ill part of the the
world then I'm doing some useful because
I'm boosting good ideas all right
nothing about that let's talk about
what's in the news I don't know if it's
just because it's the end of the year or
it's the holiday or what but I told you
yesterday about it was kind of
remarkable that major Garrett of CBS
just had a full-throated support of
President Trump's record for minority
citizens especially the black community
and I thought well that's unusual to see
somebody associated what with what you
think would be sort of an anti-trump
news outlet and to say with no no
qualifications whatsoever no buts no
anything solid records and I thought
that's really remarkable you just don't
expect to see a solid endorsement of
President Trump on race from the people
who have been making that the biggest
issue from the beginning and so easily
major Garrett could have thrown in there
well it's you know it's slightly
compensating for what he said in
Charlotte about the fine people and he
could have repeated the fine people hoax
as if the president actually said that's
the hoax part that it's reported that he
said the the Nazis were fine people
which he didn't he said the opposite of
that in reality but normally that's how
you'd expect that to go now here's
here's another one in the same vein so
Peter Bergen
I think he's military slash intelligence
analyst I'm not sure the exact title but
an expert in that field talking about
the president's use of force in Iraq
so apparently US forces attacked some
Iranian backed militia the
had caused some injuries among American
troops not to not too far away not too
distant past
and so it was sort of a brushback pitch
to make sure that the Iranian military
knew to stay away from US forces and
Peter Bergen on CNN said it was a good
use of force without a qualification
again so it's the without qualification
part that I'm finding just remarkable
see so and Bergen goes on and explains
that the president did not use force
even when Iran shot down or they do
shoot down a drone did not use force
against them when they attacked oil
facilities but didn't kill anybody
and so that created a clear precedent
that we're not going to kill your people
if you don't kill our people but if you
injure our people you people are gonna
die and Peter Bergen probably no fan of
the president just because he appears on
CNN I don't want to read his mind but
you expect him to come up with well he's
made ten mistakes in the past but I
guess he got lucky this time
maybe his advisors won out you would
expect some kind of qualified okay it
turned out okay but he did it all wrong
just got lucky but none of that it's
it's Peter Bergen saying that it's
unambiguously a proper use of force I
don't know is something changing it is
in my imagination that something looks
different now it could be just the
holidays I'm guessing it's because a lot
of people are on vacation maybe there
would have been a producer or somebody
who would have said you know maybe
soften this a little bit you know if it
had been the regular staff and not the
vacation staff I don't know I don't know
maybe it's something maybe it's nothing
here's another story you probably all
remember the alleged story that turns
out to be a hoax surprise that a Kansas
police officer said McDonald's employees
wrote a derogatory term on his
so on his coffee cup it was something
you know blah blah blah Pig he reported
completely made it up so they
investigated and McDonald's said we
don't even know what you're talking
about
we have no idea what you're talking
about didn't happen and I guess the
police who investigate it agreed that it
didn't happen so what does it tell you
when some of our biggest stories are
literally made up in other words in
order to find to find a story like this
that is so you know grossly unacceptable
to most people it had to be made up
you have victimhood people are inventing
victimhood because they don't have
enough real problems that's actually
literally true that people don't have
enough real problems that they're
literally making them up yeah if you
could you know how could you pick one
thing that would tell you it's a better
world than that alright there's news
that just broke just before I got in
here that President Trump says he will
sign phase 1 trade deal with China now
we don't know exactly what's in that
deal but apparently it's just we lower
some tariffs maybe not all of them they
buy more food maybe they were going to
do that anyway
I don't know if phase 1 of the trade
deal is too terribly important it
certainly does not conflict with
decoupling so you can do trade with
phase 1 of the trade deal at the same
time you're decoupling as fast as you
can because as fast as you can decouple
is going to be kind of slow but it
doesn't matter how slowly or fast you do
it it matters the direction so the
direction of new business going into
China
I gotta think it's slowed down and it
might reverse but you know if if they
want to sell us stuff at a good price
and we want to buy stuff at a good price
and they won't they want you know on the
margins we
we'll have a deal even if we're mad at
them for other stuff you know such as
their Holocaust that they're
perpetrating so I would give you this
caution I would not assume that that
deal will get signed okay I'm not going
to predict that it won't but I would say
if you were going to if you're gonna
handicap the odds and say alright China
and the United States have both said yes
they both said yes in public they both
announced it they're setting a date that
all looks like it's gonna be signed
right I think maybe 50/50 if I had to
put odds on it there's about a 50%
chance that something will derail it you
know I think in the long run something a
good sign but if you look at any
particular you know announcement you
should always say well 5050
there's a story from West Virginia in
which the governor just agreed to the
termination of dozens of corrections
academy trainees so these are people who
are training is to work in the you know
jail prison Corrections world and the
problem was that they took a group
photograph in which all 30 of them gave
the Hitler salute it sounds like I'm
making that up right that thirty
corrections officers in West Virginia
were in the Academy training program all
30 of them with no dissenters all 30 of
them as soon as the photographer
presumably the photographer or somebody
in the group said hey why don't we all
give a Heil Hitler salute in public as a
group wearing our uniforms and they all
did every one of them all 30 of them did
it
there wasn't one person who said I'll
sit this out all 30 of them now let's
compare this story to an earlier story
it's called Jeffrey Epstein
do you remember when there were so many
errors and the corrections facility that
Epstein was in that many of you said
Scott are you kidding me how could you
get so many independent corrections
officers to be so incompetent at the
same time Scott Scott Scott this is not
realistic there's no way all of those
corrections officers could make all of
those mistakes and be so incompetent all
in the same place I mean what are the
odds of that well in my defense I give
you 30 West Virginia corrections
officers not one of them and a 30
thought it was a bad idea to give a
Hitler salute on camera in their
uniforms not one of them now is there
anybody here would still like to argue
with me that a group of corrections
officers in one place will generally
make good decisions even if a few of
them are bad mmm no I think I've made my
point all right and that is just about
the only things happening so I thought I
would take some calls right here on
periscope gonna take some calls and you
can either ask me a question because
it's the end of the year I'm gonna open
it up to anything so you could ask me
any question on any topic but you have
to be interesting all right so by
interesting I mean ask me something that
you think other people like care about
the answer to all right terrible take on
the Hitler salute so are you saying that
I have a terrible take on the Hitler
salute now if you're saying to me Scott
they were just joking around
of course there was the dumbest thing
they ever did whether they were joking
around now I don't believe that any of
the West Virginia people are Hitler fans
if I suggest that of course not I think
they were just idiots
so that's my take all right let's see
who wants to ask a question we'll take
Omer hope I'm saying that right
is it Oh mayor O'Meara can you hear me
Omer Oh bear can I hear me let's try
something else
all right technology's a little bit
hinky today we'll get this let's go with
Kimberly Wonder Woman Kimberly can you
hear me all right do you have a question
for me Kimberly our technology is
messing up Kimberly you back you go on
okay you have a question for me you know
I I was wondering what your take was on
this thing that's going down right now
at the Embassy so the thing that's going
down at the Iraqi embassy yes sir well
obviously Iran has organized some
protesters to go go and you know
surround the US Embassy in Iraq if
everybody's smart they'll keep the
violence to zero because I don't think
Iran wants violence but they might want
to you know put enough pressure to
encourage the United States to get out
of there a little bit so I think there's
gonna be some brinksmanship I think our
people are going to do everything they
can to avoid violence while staying safe
but if it crosses a line if it crosses a
line and there is some violence at the
Embassy I would
Specht an extreme reaction from the
United States extreme meaning a lot of
people are gonna die because I don't see
that any way that President Trump does
anything that looks like a Benghazi or
an after Benghazi I think he would you
know he would go barbaric if if there's
any injuries at the at the Embassy
that's what I think so thank you jibley
happy new year let's take Alex Alex wake
up you're coming at me
no Alex disappeared okay Howard looks
like you'll be interesting Howard can
you hear me how are you and do you have
a question for me I'm curious I think
was earlier this year you had us conduct
an experiment on the simulation by
pushing a hurricane with our willpower
do you think that had any effect
remind me what happened with the
hurricane I I don't think anything
happened with it but I'm K I'm curious
if you did so so if you remind me of the
situation I told you to use your mental
powers to push the hurricane waste on
the coast of the United States and has
succeeded well I don't I don't think it
did well I don't remember what happened
so if neither of us remember what
happened there's not much to work with
here
[Laughter]
alright thanks for the call I don't let
me answer you generically I don't think
that that kind of magic exists somebody
in the comments Barbara saying it did
work well when we say it works all we
can really say is we did this and that
happened you can't say there's cause in
effect but it was a fun experiment maybe
we'll do it again thank you Scott all
right take care
all right let's see if I think kelvins
got something to say
Kelvin Kelvin failed technology-wise
let's try Alex Alex can you hear me do
you have a question for me Alex just
confirmation of again I am a simulation
world we totally open Christmas Eve and
now here we are again
it's today yeah do you have a question
yeah question is what advice would Jeff
for your 30 year old self oh you know
that's a tough question because by 30 I
had a pretty good pretty good plan and
it wouldn't be that different from what
I would advise my 30 year old self if I
had to go younger yeah do 12 yeah 20 you
know one of the reasons that I write
about this stuff is that I did about as
cleanly as you could possibly do it
meaning that I started building my
talent stack right away and you know in
my 20s I was just massively adding layer
after layer because I worked for a big
company and they would they would allow
you to take training just at any topic
if it was even indirectly good for the
company and so I signed up for
everything I just started taking all
kinds of training classes and I learned
to be a hypnotist I took the Dale
Carnegie course so when I give advice
it's almost exactly what I did which is
just build your talent stack build your
network and become unique so that's what
I did and I also tried a lot of stuff I
think I'll tell you I'll tell you just
one anecdote to sort of answer your
question so when I was working my
corporate jobs when there was the thing
called the internet there was just being
invented I know this is hard to imagine
if
young but I worked in a technology lab
at the local phone company when the
world wide web as it was called was just
being formed and we had the first you
know browsers with an internet
connection in our little laboratory the
first not in the world but you know
among the the few people in the world
who actually could make an internet
connection the phone companies were
among the first so I was in a lab and it
was our job to show customers this thing
called the Internet that they had never
seen imagine that I was showing people
the Internet for the first time people
would say wait what are you connected to
and I would say well my browser is
connected through you know space to a
museum on the other part of the world
and people would say what you're
actually live connected to a web page
somewhere else and you can look at it
and you can change it and stuff and
people were just amazed and when I saw
people's reaction they would they would
actually get out of their chair and this
is where I developed the rule that you
want people's body to move to predict
that something is important so the when
I would present all the the various
products that the phone company had to
offer and people would sit in their
chair and they would be like uh-huh
that's great you've got call forwarding
yeah I could use that multiple calls yep
that's what phones do and they'd be
drifting off to sleep and then at the
end I'd say well we have this one other
thing that doesn't do anything useful
and we would tell them this doesn't do
anything useful it doesn't do anything
that you want it to do was kind of cool
watch this and I would say it's called
you know I think it would probably was
the Netscape mosaic browser or something
but I would say watch me connect to this
museum and I think there were only
literally maybe three websites in the
world that were actually open and and up
long enough that you can use them for a
demonstration and I would say look I'm
connecting
looking at a picture of the of a jewel
in this museum and people would stand up
and they would walk over and they'd say
can I do that and I'd be like do what
you know use the mouse control that
website on the other side of the world
and I'd say sure if you want to I mean I
don't even know why you'd want to I'm
doing it right in front of you but if
you want to touch it yourself
go ahead so I'd watch person after
person have almost exactly the same
reaction they would stand up and that
was really amazing so I went to the top
engineer at Pacific Bell and I said if I
wanted to invest in this this new and
growing thing this this thing that would
become the Internet is there any company
there would be like a good play that I
could have put my money into and the top
engineer his name was Buster he looks at
he looks at me and he says Netscape and
I said who and he said wait yeah
Netscape
here's Netscape they make the the
switches and the bridges and stuff there
will power the entire Internet and they
make the best one so they're probably
going to be the dominant force so you
don't need to know which web site or
application works all you need to know
is that the Cisco I'm sorry I was saying
I said in that escape but I meant to say
Cisco so the engineer told me that Cisco
makes all the servers for the the
Internet and they make the good ones and
so invest in Cisco and I said Cisco I've
never heard of them and he said well
you're gonna because he was an engineer
so he just did there he knew exactly
thanks thanks in the comments for
correcting me I meant to say Cisco was
the company and so to answer your
question if I could go back 20 years I
would have trusted my trust in my
experience and my experience was that
when people stand up for an idea an idea
they stand up and they want to go over
and touch it that's going to change the
world
and that's the sort of experience you
only got from personal computers early
cell phones and the internet I mean
those were quite unique in that they
they were civilization changing
technologies so he said so I said where
should I invest my money now at the time
this was pre Dilbert free money I maybe
could have scraped up five thousand
dollars but if I had invested $5,000 in
Sisko the day that the smartest person
in that field told me to do it I
wouldn't have needed Dilbert so I would
have been pretty rich just by gambling
in the vidcom market so that's that's my
point look for the physical response to
predict what will work and what won't
it's very predictable
all right who else has a question I got
lots of people on here and let's try
Stefan Stefan if our technology works
definitely there Steven
do you have a question for me Steven it
used to be that when the fight was going
on in health care about the ACA that
Republicans wanted insurance companies
to define their own lists of what's
covered they don't seem to be doing that
anymore and I just wonder whether or not
you know the ACA requires too much to be
covered and one specific thing I want to
mention his read an article in The New
York Times that said that 50% of
clinical treatments have not been tested
well I I know very little about the
healthcare field and even less about ACA
so I don't know about that but I will
make a general comment that probably the
entire game on health care is
transparency meaning until you can get
to the point where the market can buy
things that are
and not buy things that are worse and
they can tell the difference you're not
really gonna get a lot of improvement at
least not quickly so Health and Human
Services Secretary nazar and a lot of
the Republicans are very much in that
camp I believe and working on that so
that all I can tell you is that we need
to get to that point where we can not
identify the questions that you're
asking you know what's covered what
isn't compare it to other things yeah
somebody's using my own word here in the
comments that confuse Appa Lee you know
I I coined that word for everybody
doesn't know I coined that years ago and
it has to do with an industry that
confuses the customers to the point
where they can't really compare products
because then those two companies that
are confusing you they're they're not
really competing against each other
they're just confusing you so they get
part of your part of your buys and the
other you know randomly at the other the
other company gets some but they're not
directly competing because they don't
want to if they compete directly they'll
have to lower the prices until they
don't make money so the the medical
field is confusing by intention and
until you unwind that you don't really
have any place to go all right thanks
for the question all right let's see
what Huey is up to Hughie seems to have
disappeared
Huey are you there yes question please
all right so uh this is sort of a live
decision question okay yes I'm here can
you hear me yes your work what is your
question
all right so my question is a life
choice question yeah I've been thinking
I've been thinking about immigrating to
the United States for a long time and
country what country are you in I'm
living in Vietnam
okay and what is your nationality my
nationality is Vietnamese as well I was
born and raised in Vietnam okay and
you're thinking to come to the United
States and what what can I do for you
alright so uh so uh my I'm sorry I'm
having a little bit so I think my
technology is that much how does a
problem I I can hear you pretty well why
don't you just try to get the question
out and we'll see clear alright so by
the way this is literally the moving my
pinky moment this is little the first
thing I do about it by the way so good
right now I'm right here right now
you're with friends so just say it the
way you'd say it to a friend alright so
right now I'm having really only two
option to go about it well I bet I can
think up first is to to look for a job
from LinkedIn or through connection or
something like that to look for an
opportunity to relocate to somewhere on
the East Coast permanently and the
second option is to study to to go to
school again United State which can be a
financial burden on my part and I'm not
sure which would be the better option in
your opinion I will give you my answers
first thing you need to do is get where
you want to go that take think that is
your top priority how do you get
physically where it is you want to be
you know you've looked into it you said
East Coast you prefer I would suggest
you take a second look at that because
the West Coast has pretty good weather
you know we got our own problems and
high taxes and all that but make sure
that you've you've really decided where
you want to go the first thing I did
after college was I said what's my top
priority and after college I had the
ability to go anywhere I wanted because
you know I didn't have a family didn't
have a job
so I could go wherever I thought I
wanted to start so I went to San
Francisco and that turned out to be one
of the smartest decisions of my life
because it put me in a world where I was
surrounded with opportunity and then I
could just you know ladder up the
opportunity because there was plenty of
it so move where you want to go first
now how you get there might be by
getting a job and you might get a job
that's not your first choices job but if
you get a job in a place that will
support you going to school and
furthering your skills whether degreed
or not that's your ideal situation so
I'd say find the place you want to go
find the best company that will that
will take you given whatever skillset
you're bringing and then work your way
up from there so first get established
physically and and make sure you can pay
your bills and then and then figure out
the next step from there how's that
thank you Scott that's where we have
them but one more thing I so should I
prioritize a place for having people
that I know or a place that is really
good for me but I wouldn't know anyone
there that's a little bit of a personal
versus professional trade-off if you ask
me that question
I'm sort of an introvert and I will take
the I'll take the economic opportunity
first because you know I'll deal with
the social stuff I'll deal with the
loneliness I'll figure out how to make
friends I'll make friends at work I'll
join a club I'll figure out the social
part but you want to start from finance
first if you can do that and then build
a social you don't want to start with
social first and then try to you know
manage that into some kind of a job
that's the the wrong direction that's
actually what I found as well and I'm
good thank you Scott that was very
helpful stay tough and by the way your
reference I can tell you've read my book
because your reference to moving your
pinky yeah you you you of it you have
demonstrated in front of 2.2 thousand
people plus however many who watch it
that you have figured out
I had to make things work interestingly
not many people will get as far as
you've already gotten because look what
you've done you've already determined
that micro steps are important huge huge
a huge realization secondly you did
something that requires some guts which
is you called me live and I could tell
that wasn't easy for you but you did it
perfectly and you and you got a good
experience out of it
so now you've now experienced they're
taking a risk
a small one one that wouldn't kill you I
mean what's the worst that could happen
you'd be embarrassed on a periscope
all right so worse that could happen but
the best could happen is you've got some
good advice and maybe a motivate to you
maybe it make you do something different
so you have first of all the way you
think about it is great the amount of
risk you're willing to put into it is
great and the the level of change that
you're contemplating I mean moving from
Vietnam to the United States and that's
that's the enormous change so here's my
take you have what it takes you don't
know it yet
but you do you've just demonstrated in
front of a whole bunch of people so your
future looks good and I hope to see you
sometime in the United States I'll talk
to you later all right now wouldn't you
love another immigrant like him let's
let's get lots of him Gary let's see
what Gary has to say Gary are you there
ah good morning
universal basic income
yeah universal basic income so I love
that andrew yang is introducing us to
the future meaning that he's actually
thinking years in advance and he's
thinking exactly the right kind of way
about it now that doesn't mean that
universal basic income is the answer but
by having people of his intellect and
his charisma and his you know his energy
putting that out there is unambiguously
a benefit to society so a big thank you
from society to Andrew yang no matter
what happens with the presidency he
moved the needle changed the
conversation and caused you to ask this
question very good stuff and here's my
take I don't know if we could ever know
if universal basic income is good or bad
unless it's tested but it's uniquely
easy to test because you could just say
alright this state this county this this
this length of time let's just see what
happens and I think that could be useful
now I think that the universal basic
income my Sunday be paired with you know
I talk too much about it but bringing
down the the cost of a high-quality life
in other words what does it cost for
everything from your energy to your
shelter to your cheer Wi-Fi etc
insurance that kind of stuff so I think
that the future is that we'll have
models where people can live very
inexpensively and and they'll have a
high-quality life not even just a
low-quality inexpensive life but like a
really really good life if it's just
designed correctly with community and
things to do and people like you around
you and that sort of thing
so you think it would be more acceptable
if there was some kind of work
requirement like for instance what if
you had to go to a kiosk every day and
got $40 well certainly in terms of
public perception it would be more
palatable if the people receiving money
had to do something in return
just something and you could also
imagine lots of different models of that
so let me give you one example suppose I
said to you you can get a thousand
dollars a month but there's one
requirement which is you have to give up
maybe not all of but a lot of your
privacy so let's say in return for that
you have to document your lifestyle
meaning what do you eat do you exercise
do you smoke cigarettes you know the the
lifestyle kind of stuff and then that
would create at least
a way to gather massive amounts of data
that could be used to improve healthcare
outcomes etc even maybe social policies
that sort of thing
so now whenever I say give up your
privacy
everybody's here it goes on fire so what
I'm saying is let's let's suppose it's
optional let's suppose you don't have to
get $1,000 a month but if you want it
you have to give something back and
maybe one of the things you could give
back use your privacy because it has a
value it's you know part of learning
what works and what doesn't and maybe
another model is what you said maybe
there's some small amount of public
service it doesn't have to be much I
mean it could be as imagine if you will
that your only job is to watch video
video images from a high crime
neighborhood and call somebody if you
see something going down I mean you can
imagine lots of jobs that are really
just sort of hanging out with your
screen so you can imagine every model
but the short answer is you'd have to
test a bunch of things to see what works
that's my answer
thank you thank you let's see what let's
see what super-badass
has to say I'm totally influenced by
your the picture super-badass are you
there
do you have a question for me
absolutely my first question so
Christina she strikes me as a very smart
person correct yes because you know you
picked her that was the first thing and
second you know I watched her play and
watch a revolution on the last on the
Kings c-minor and that was absolutely
amazing so my question is did you
surprise her when you proposed to her
did you really surprise them this years
I think they'll be so hard to surprise
her and another thing I'm not wedding
photographer if you want to have our
tour for free at your wedding and there
so that's my question did you supply
Christina well
well thank you for that offer the answer
is she says she was surprised but let's
let's put surprise into two categories
she wasn't surprised I don't think that
I ever asked because we talked about it
you know it's it is 2019 you don't
really just spring a wedding a wedding
offer on somebody you know with a ring
unless you're pretty well she says no
but I but we had talked about it so we
had both said the others are is our
future intention and they had James so I
think she was maybe cautiously you know
I don't think she wanted in her mind to
to think of it as a done deal so I so I
think that was more of a mental choice
if he will does that make sense he does
this a moment a second where she knows
in Judea that second you know that's
great it was something we both knew we
wanted and had expressly stated but it
would be completely reasonable for the
person who is the one to be asked to not
be a hundred percent sure so I think
maybe that's the best way to describe it
as like well you can't really know and
so to answer your question she certainly
did not know it was going to happen at
Christmas so okay so so that part was a
surprise and the way it happened
because it didn't happen in a
necessarily romantic setting it just
happened you know when we were alone at
my place so so that's the answer I'll
tell her I'll pass on your compliments
about the piano play thank you very much
sir and I hope you you Thanks Happy New
Year all right
see who else we got here
let's see if silence do-good is got
something for us
a little silent silence do-good is that
you hey it's not Happy New Year first
thing happen here yeah second is nuclear
the persuasion that I think you can you
know we can lay down on neutral gone
forward is you that's one thing we could
all do in 2020 yeah yeah this is the
perfect example because we do have some
problems that have evolved into
psychological problems that may have at
one point been economic problems may
have been we don't know how to solve
their problems at one point sometimes
political but they've evolved into just
psychological problems and the the
nuclear power question is is right at
the top of the list because there isn't
anybody who actually learns about it who
disagrees which is weird you know
normally normally people can study all
the details of something and they'll
still disagree nuclear is the one weird
category where the people who are
against it are just a little bit on a
date about the information as soon as
you fill them in with the new
information it's not even telling them
they're wrong it's just saying oh
there's new information you know there's
new stuff coming as soon as I hear that
almost everybody says at least well
maybe you know you could get somebody to
well maybe almost immediately just by
hearing the argument and that's a unique
so yeah that's gonna be a big big thrust
for me going into you into the new year
and I feel as though the momentum is all
in the right direction don't you I do I
I mean this is going to be the weirdest
thing you're gonna hear but I actually
went to the molten salt reactor workshop
down at Oak Ridge labs and you know it's
a two-day workshop just to get a sense
of what was going on in the industry and
really there I mean there were it's the
government labs are doing all the
materials testing fuel cycles I mean
it's really just as much money we want
to throw at it in in you know the
government being able to set up the
regulations
I'm no expert of this but from the
outside is starting to look like one of
the greatest stories of civilization as
being untold and that is that the
especially the United States government
has been working very productively with
private industry to take nuclear to the
whole new level where all the problems
that we're worried about just don't
exist or there's so minimum that we
don't worry about them and it feels like
that's happening I feel like that's that
the government private association is
kind of working really well I mean
that's what I'm hearing
I'm not hearing the opposite so I feel
it's like one of the greatest stories
especially if you think climate change
is going to destroy the world or even if
you don't there's still one of the
greatest stories of all time I think
they don't like they'll get rid of Gretl
put credit back to school uniquely or
back to school that could be that could
be the nuclear campaign put Greta back
in school I like it
happy happy new year all right I'll take
a few more until you guys decide you
don't want me to let's see what Brendan
has to say Brandon can you hear me
what is your question Brendan order you
were talking about how can we get people
who learn how to just design systems and
that's something that you see in courses
about sustainability and a little bit
about engineering but there's not really
jobs available if you studied that so I
actually studied a little bit about
sustainable design in my last year at UC
Davis and there's just such a high level
position for you to go into you how
would someone who had that skill connect
the fact that they have ideas but no
experience with the money so I don't
know enough about sustainable design so
let me let me ask this
question is sustainable design would
that include designing an entire city
from scratch with with everything from
how the houses look and how they respond
and where they're placed and how the
sewage and the transportation works is
that what that field learns or is that
am I saying too much there yeah well so
that's actually part of the problem is
that it's so ill-defined I mean what
part of that when I study it was a whole
month on just how do you define
sustainability but generally yes that
would that is the sort of thing that
they would fall under and the whole
concept is well why don't you design for
the system overall instead of just this
one innovation one part so so then
you're saying that there are people who
are graduating with that major who
probably are not entering even that
field because it's hard to find a job
that is that is that what you're saying
yeah exactly well and it isn't even a
field
it's a almost an offshoot lately off of
environmental engineering and so my
actually civil engineer so so so that's
the key word there was sustainability so
really it sort of pigeon-holed a little
bit into the green green world is that
what's happening yeah okay so it sounds
like there needs to be some other job
that's not so green focused it's not the
sustainability that should just be one
variable in a much larger conversation
about what a whole city looks like and
how to design it so I I guess the answer
is there's probably somebody or some
people who through an accident of
history have developed the kinds of
skills that are exactly right so it's
probably somebody who maybe is a little
bit of some kind of an engineer also has
worked in local politics maybe somebody
with a real estate experience in
construction experience there's somebody
out there who's seen a little bit of all
of these things and if we could ever
identify that person and should they be
excited about working on putting
something together the the normal way
these things go is you put together a
proposal and then you find somebody rich
to fund it and then you you project
manage it and you figure out why right
how do I get from here to there I guess
I need to make this connection
I need this law to be changed so I need
to find a congressperson so you kind of
crawl your way through it
but first you got to get that person and
if you think you have that skills maybe
put together a proposal and say if I
could get this funded I will be the
project manager for this I have these
skills I so the thing that I think would
surprise people and I'll use an analogy
when I talk about how to break into the
field of writing people are always
surprised that it's easy the hard part
is writing but actually getting
published is actually easy because
there's more demand for good writing
than there is good writing people don't
realize that they assumed it would be
hard but it's not hard to break into
writing it's hard to write that's the
harder part so likewise it's not hard to
get funding even for really expensive
stuff if you have a good idea and you
can back it up with some kind of skill
that people would recognize like oh this
person is a real person
so there are billionaires who would
actually they have almost a demand to
give their money away if that makes
sense in other words they have they have
more money to give away
that they want to give away in a
productive way but they just want to do
it in smart ways and there aren't enough
smart ways that they can identify as
smart ways so finally a plan and a
person who's qualified and it's some big
national benefit you know fixes the
homeless or fixes some problem you can
probably find your billionaire to give
you that money okay so so that's a
that's a unique talents how would one go
about building that in as their next
layer in their talent stack and as a
person who looks for it yourself how do
you look for people who might have those
ideas well I've never spent any time
looking for them but one of the things
that you can do with social media and
the internet that you couldn't do before
is that you can do what I call the moths
of the flame and I'm actually doing it
right now
so moths to flame acts like this I don't
know how to go out and search for and
find the people who could make these big
system designs but if I keep talking
about it in public somebody's gonna find
me
and and I'm sort of waiting for that to
happen I'm waiting for somebody to you
know text me and say you know I have
exactly these talents and I have this
proposal and the only thing I need is a
little attention because maybe some
billionaire will say yeah I like that
I'll give that a little little funding
so I'm doing moth to flame right now and
if anybody contacts me and says yeah I
have a design for a city or a
neighborhood I'm gonna be all over that
okay all right thanks for the call
thanks let's do one more
Helen Helen can you hear me happy new
year
do you have a question for me economics
I so just want to let you know where I
stand
but my question I want to circle back to
the what's going on with the media and
why they might be changing and bounce
this idea off of you and you had already
mentioned that at the end of the year
that you we would be seeing wrap ups on
the news what happened in 2019 or the
you know past decade and along with that
we're seeing a lot of the mistakes that
the media has made you know they're
showing how they laughed at Trump he
would never be President
etc so now I'm wondering if they're
starting to change their tune because
Trump will more than likely be reelected
unless something drastic happens and
they don't want to have egg on their
face for another year or you know
another election year and so you just
one more thought there you and others
are kind of busting through the veil of
deceit that the media has put on us
since the beginning of television
because truth seekers like yourself are
coming out you're teaching us how to be
thinkers how to do research now how not
to
you know follow hoaxes and I think
they're starting to see that what do you
think I I will agree with you in the the
general statement that there are
productive people on social media or
people trying to be productive who
changed the conversation in a way that
if if all we had was the the competing
news and their pundits you'd have these
two views and and they wouldn't be as
useful as if you had multiple views so I
think I'm I'm one of the useful people
in terms of allowing you to look in a
different window at the same at the same
information so that's sort of what I try
to do but in terms of why people are I
don't know if people are thinking of it
that way in terms of oh I better get
ahead of this because it's just gonna be
embarrassing that I'm so wrong about
everything being bad yet everything
keeps turning out well I don't know that
they have that kind of recognition
because I think it was even just today
I'm CNN there was a story about how all
the bad things that happened in 2019 and
I thought to myself all the bad things
that happened in 2019 was 2019 a bad
year because I lived a whole different
year I lived a year when it was like one
of the greatest years in human history
maybe I mean it was it was like a record
kind of ear so I think some of it might
just be the holiday season and some of
it might be that people are willing to
grant this president a little bit of
flexibility because he's had real
results it's hard to ignore the results
yeah I want to run something by you
stay on the line here I'm gonna I'm
gonna give you and then I guess an
analogy I tend to think of life and
reality in machine terms meaning I
actually translated in my mind in order
to understand it better the things that
are happening with people and psychology
and systems I translate it in like a
physical form to imagine them and one of
the physical forms that I imagined is
capitalism now if you imagine capitalism
as a tube
in which inputs go in the top and then
money falls out the bottom and that
would be capitalism but what's
interesting is that the inputs they go
in the top are all bad stuff but then
the stuff that comes out the bottom is
money it's good stuff how could he have
a system that can turn bad stuff let's
say human selfishness stupidity human
greed I mean basically every bad
characteristic of a human being gets put
into this capitalism funnel but because
the system is designed for transparency
and for reporting on people if they rob
you it works so it's a system that
scrubs people of their bad impulses and
produces money at the bottom it's
amazing you put bad stuff in you know
you'll hear the old the old saying
garbage in garbage out that doesn't work
with capitalism with capitalism it's
garbage in and money out that's the best
system you could ever have
but there's another system like that
it's called the office of the president
subset of the Constitution the
Constitution and democracy is the same
thing imagine it as a tube what goes
into the tube of democracy let's let's
call it a republic is stupidity
ignorance greed selfishness crime and
what comes down at the bottom
pretty good world pretty good year right
so capitalism and our republic the way
it's formed are like two machines that
turn garbage into gold and we wash it
every day and yet we're not amazed by it
and here's where I'm going with us the
people who have been most concerned
about president Trump destroying the
planet and any one of a dozen ways don't
understand that he's being put in the
same funnel as every everything else the
funnel makes it impossible you know the
machine of the Office of the President
makes it almost impossible for him to do
any of the things even if you wanted to
that people imagine we're so
because people are watching there's
amazing amount of transparency there are
great implications for everything you've
got the news the lobbyists the Congress
all the competing forces and they're and
they're sort of held in balance so that
you could put you could put into that
funnel a president were the best let's
say character you've ever seen but you
could also put him a president with the
worst character you've ever seen now in
my opinion president Trump does not have
a bad character I'm just using the other
people's impression of him to make my
point yeah so so the point is that if
they were worried that a garbage in
meaning they thought that president
Trump's character was you know rotten
and corrosive they think garbage em is
going to give you a garbage result but
that's a complete misunderstanding of
what the machine is the machine is the
office of the presidency and the office
of the presidency turns garbage into
gold by design it's billed that way yeah
so when you're looking at President
Trump and you're looking at his internal
thoughts what you imagine are his
intentions what you think he's thinking
none of it matters what matters is
there's all kinds of stuff going in at
the top and there's gold coming out at
the bottom and there's a reason for it
it's not an accident it's the design of
the system just like capitalism thanks
for staying online when you think of the
funnel and capitalism and the government
think back to World War two when our
rubber supplies were cut off in the
South Pacific and we came up with
synthetic rubber the ingenuity of
entrepreneurs it was garbage going into
the funnel we were cut off but we
figured out a way so between the
government the Office of the President
and entrepreneurs we turned garbage into
gold yeah and you see that over and over
again and and it's easy to imagine that
we're not doing that for a moment and
then you get the wrong predictions so if
you imagined and take a look at all the
presidents we've put through the funnel
you know the the machine of the office
of the presidency every president we've
had they've been really different I mean
you can make it argument any two of them
are kind of similar but if you look at
the range of presidents from you know
lefties to righties to every personality
and they've pretty much all got a good
result
you know you could say in Jimmy Carter
maybe not so much but I suspect any
other president in that situation would
have had a tough few years - so anyway
thanks for the question you bet all
right Kay shots
you keep asking to be on here and let's
see if you have s to join I'm looking
for you but I do not see you maybe you
show up as a different name so shots K
shots I would try to add you but you're
not chillin up here as C as a guest
let's see what Reggie has to say Reggie
can you hear me do you have a question
for me Reggie well thank you what's your
question for me well I I guess you
caught me a little off guard but let me
hit you with this we had a rough
Christmas we have some people that lean
pretty far left in our family and I'm
not so sure I did the best job in the
world
kidding through this past a holiday
moving forward what can you give
right-thinking people like me and I'm
not just talking on the political side
of things but someone that disdains
loser think if you will what advice can
you give us in this new year going
forward well I would say for those of
you who read my book lose you think in
particular it gives you a bunch of tools
for dispatching the worst of the
arguments on the other side and I think
that can be useful because they're also
not
they're not attacking tools they're just
reframing tools so for example you will
see people say I know what the president
is thinking and his inner thoughts are
bad I find it very powerful to say you
were not mind reader's and you wouldn't
want to live in a world in which you
were judged by what other people think
you're thinking and you shouldn't judge
anybody else that way almost everybody
will go to that that higher level so
that's the first thing so mind-reading
and bad analogies if you focus on those
two things and then if somebody gives
you the laundry list of all the reasons
that you're wrong do the trick of just
picking the top one and say can we agree
just give me your strongest one
what's your very best reason on your
whole laundry list and then debunk that
if you stick with those three things
insist that mind-reading isn't the thing
don't reason by analogies that's not a
thing and and only deal with their their
best argument and not the weaker ones
because then they're just playing
whack-a-mole if you do those three
things you're gonna make people rethink
their position
maybe not change overnight but that's
the strongest things you can do that are
non confrontational that's that's really
why I suggest them there they allow you
to engage but with reasons and not
arguing so much about facts and who saw
the right facts I hope that helps oh it
does all right thank you very much all
right now let's see Kay shots I saw you
try to join and you said something
provocative there no you don't show up
on my list of people who have asked to
joint sue know what that's all about but
I tried
let's try caller can you hear me okay I
can hear you what's your question all
right Scott I'm from Holland so it may
be a bit quitting out here because here
I've got a question so I'm
few Europeans actually who have positive
standing and actually maybe the United
States in general because what I notice
is that many many metal friends they
think all Americans always gave go
haywire at the smallest thing they go
crazy on stuff and I always explain to
them like maybe you don't actually
understand what's happening in the u.s.
like they've got a system that gives us
stability and well what you said garbage
in useful stuff out I'm wondering do you
in your view will with United States
with such a system and China with more
Iraq role big skill system will Europe
in the future be able to compete and
kind of stay like a big important force
in the world or you know honest I sold I
had an index fund there was a bunch of
european stocks and not too long ago I
sold it all because it's hard for me to
imagine Europe being a competing force
with China and the United States so very
much to your question I feel like the
the two big countries have just such an
advantage over a collection of small
countries trying to act as one country
you know you can see with brexit that
it's kind of hard so my guess is and I
don't give financial advice so you
should not accept you do not assume this
is financial advice but if I had to
predict I was pretty to predict that the
best place to own stocks would be the
United States for the next 10 or 20
years but Europe will be fine I mean I
don't think Europe is gonna go down the
drain I just don't think Europe will
keep up with the United States I don't
think it'll even be close so there's few
questions yes actually that's that kind
of feeling yeah yeah of course in a way
it was a easy question because Warren
Buffett
the same thing anytime anybody asks you
know Warren Buffett what should I do
with my money American stocks but what
about in five years American stocks what
if something changes put it in American
stocks what if something happens in
China put your money in American stocks
he hasn't been wrong yet right and the
the smartest investor in the world gives
the same damn advice for like 50 years
in a row and it's been right for 50
years so that's my advice great I won't
disagree with the work thing that let's
say that we were to have to turn would
that be anything he or we could do to
actually turn that around well certainly
technological development would do it or
something that that gives you an edge
but I'm not seeing a tremendous amount
of technological innovation coming out
of Europe versus Asia and the United
States so there might be something maybe
I just don't know is could you also
christen information gap of my part but
it seems like if it's not a
technological step that it probably
isn't big enough so I would look for
that if is there any kind of emerging
technologies there somehow
unique or special to Europe that could
be meaningful but if it's just business
as usual and the US and Asia are pumping
out new technologies I would work with
the new technologies as as the things
that are predictive all right that's all
I got for you thanks to the questions
all right I'm gonna take one more quick
check to see if there's somebody I need
to talk to here and sure enough there is
I have to talk to die and Diana or Diana
I didn't read it fast enough Diana Diana
which is it is it Diana Diana Diana do
you have a question for me
[Music]
I'm sorry yes go ahead and ask you a
question well how do you solve the fake
news media problem well the first thing
you have to ask yourself is is it new
because we assume that the news used to
be real and now it's not but was it ever
real yeah I don't know the answer to
that question so it may have been unreal
in different ways maybe just more
exaggerated now now it could be that
it's a self solving problem and what I
mean by that is if the public sees
enough examples where their news was
wrong over time it's got to have an
impact you know I think we're still at
the at the shock point in history where
people are just realizing hey all the
news on the other side is all wrong
that's like halfway there once they
realized that the news on the other side
is all wrong and so is theirs then
everybody goes to the next level of
awareness now of course I'm talking in
absolutes it's not absolutely true that
all the news is wrong on either side but
you can recognize it fairly quickly and
and there's their patterns of form so
for example I think the Society will get
to the point where maybe the first two
days of any kind of a crisis we will all
hold our fire and say all right all
right the first two days all the reports
are misleading so let's just hold our
opinions could we get to the point where
we could learn to do that as a society
maybe if we see enough examples in
enough you know rapid fashion where it
was a good idea to wait and we certainly
saw a lot of them last year so we saw a
lot of them so I think the public has to
get educated and it's going to happen
automatically just by repetition and
experience the public will stop at
trusting their news sources news sources
except they'll pretend to agree with
them when they agree with them
politically
so I think it's the public that will
make the change it's not the industry
because the industry is chasing clicks
and money and there's nothing that looks
like that's going to change but I think
the public will force the product to
change because they will care about it
less as they trust it less so that's the
best answer I could give you and I think
we've done enough for today
Thank You Diana and thank you to the
rest of you and have a great Happy New
Year