pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom well
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and that means it's time to crank up the
studio we got the studio lights on the
windows are going down
[Music]
so cold in here today I can see my
breath
well happy 4/20 everybody welcome to the
best coffee with Scott Adams of all time
no seriously this will be the best one
you can judge it for yourself but I
think you'll agree if by the end now
many of you have gotten primed for the
day
guess who isn't commuting today you
aren't no you're not commuting today do
you know what you can do today
finally you can enjoy the holiday the
way it was intended yeah but I started
waffle with coffee with Scott Adams and
all you need is a cup or a mug or glass
a tanker chalices Diana canteen jug or
flask a bomb vessel of any kind and fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day
well maybe the second dopamine hit of
the day it's called the simultaneous
step and it happens now sublime
[Applause]
well should we talk about all the things
Oh somebody's nephew is born today
congratulations
I don't know if that's good or bad to be
born on 4/20 in the middle of a pandemic
sort of little this little that kind of
good kinda not alright here are some
things that are happening today I
understand that in this pandemic one of
the biggest problems is we don't have
enough tests and I'm talking about IQ
tests because what we really need is two
IQ tests everybody in the country just
so we know who to listen to because I
get on Twitter every day and I feel like
I'm listening to a lot of dumb people
and wouldn't it be good to have a filter
on Twitter we're just just during the
emergencies because I like to hear the
dumb people for entertainment normal
days but during the pandemics and other
emergencies like at least the option of
filtering them off
so what do you like a filter that just
you could you could dial it to whatever
IQ you're willing to listen to and I
think during the pandemic I'm not really
willing to listen to an opinion from
anybody under let's say IQ of 130 ish
now I realize these tests are not
totally accurate I'm you know you could
you could get a false positive from Jim
Acosta for example so I'm not saying
it's hundred percent accurate IQ tests
but until we have enough IQ tests to get
everybody tested I don't see how we can
go back to work because without knowing
who those stupid people are how do I
know whose advice to take should I wear
a mask should I not wear a mask kind of
depends who tells you they have to of
course subtract from the smart people
anybody who has a financial and just so
I'm sure that the director of the World
Health Organization if you were to give
him an IQ test I'll bet he do great
he'd probably score really high but you
have to take him out of the sample size
because he has a potential financial
interest all right so that
so speaking of testing I'm I'm basically
I've reached the end of my patience in
not getting useful information from my
government and tell me if this is off
base but I think the I think the public
can listen to its government even when
the government maybe doesn't have full
constitutional authority in an area
maybe it's just a guideline I think it's
a real good idea to listen to your
government and take their advice if you
assume that they have your best interest
in they do and that they're there on top
of it but your government has a
responsibility to be credible they have
to act in a way that the public can say
oh you know maybe you don't get
everything right you know we get that
you can't see the future
we get that you're working with
estimates but you know you're generally
doing what looks like a credible job you
know nobody else is really doing much
better except maybe by luck or they have
different demographics so it looks like
okay it looks like you're doing your job
you care about the citizens alright
that's good enough what you asked us to
do even if it's hard I'm willing to do
it because you've established yourself
as a credible leadership entity is that
what we have today you know I'm willing
to put up with a little bit of fog of
war early on a printer problem but as of
today do you think that Mike Pence
should not be able to tell you how many
tests we have who has them how many are
in the pipeline and how many do we
really need before we have whatever we
decide is enough to get back to work do
you think we'll have any information
like that today I'm going to predict and
I know I'm going down going out in the
lumi√®re I'm gonna predict that we will
not hear the most important piece of
data in the world right the most
important piece of data in the world
period most important data in the world
is probably not that hard to get at
least an estimate form the government
surely knows who makes the test gets by
now they surely are in contact with them
they can surely ask how many of you
produced too many do you have in the
pipeline how many can you produce this
month surely that can be obtained if
your government does not present that
information to you today even in
estimate form it could be wrong it could
be wrong because we don't ask perfection
if you're asking from perfection and you
know in this fog of war emergency
nobody's ever been here before
well that's just unrealistic that would
be a child's of you it would be a
child's view that your government is
going to do everything right and also do
it as soon as it could be done and
better than all the other governments
in their brand-new emergency that
nobody's seen before and nobody really
had the right information it's not
reasonable but here's what is reasonable
on April 20th many weeks into this
knowing that having enough test kits is
really gonna be the whole game right
because you can't really do anything
else without that base information and
we don't even have the base information
of whether the kits are available or in
what quantities so let me give my
government a failing grade F that's not
to say they haven't done a bunch of
things correctly I'm strongly in the
camp of agreeing with Trump that closing
down travel from at least Wuhan early
was a very strong sign that this is a
big deal
all right there's no way you can
interpret an unprecedented closing of
air traffic from a major superpower
you can't interpret that as he didn't
think it was important
all right there's no way you can go back
in time and say he closed travel from
China without thinking that there was a
big emergency
you can't reasonably think that now you
can certainly look at his language and
say we wish he had said it was more of a
problem early on but you also have to
understand that it is President Trump
he's going to put the positive spin on
everything even if he's acting even if
his actions are proving that it's a big
problem and they did he closed you know
he did what needed to be do that to be
done there now lots of people are saying
and I think this is a fair criticism of
the government just of the government in
general that we didn't have the ability
to quickly ramp up testing I don't think
it's a criticism that we didn't have a
test for a virus that didn't exist yet I
mean that's not a fair criticism but
shouldn't we have had at least some kind
of a quick wrap-up plan for testing in
general it looks like we did not so
you'd have to say that
some that won major part of the Trump
administration's responsibility which is
to have a a reasonable plan for a
pandemic that doesn't mean having enough
test kits that means having a plan for
quickly having enough you know which is
different and I think it's fair to say
we didn't have that right
have you heard anybody say that we had
any kind of a plan for a quickly ramping
up testing if we didn't then I would say
the government isn't complete failure on
that topic now do you say that that is
therefore president Trump's failure
well the buck has to stop the top so yes
yes of the sense that everything is the
bosses problem but if we dig down a
level do you think that there was ever a
meeting in which somebody in the CDC
said to President Trump you know the
only way we can really be ready in case
of a pandemic and by the way these
pandemics are almost guaranteed it's not
like we even have to worry if we'll have
one pretty much guaranteed do we have
you know we would you like to fund the
preparations to be able to quickly wrap
up testing should we have a pandemic do
you think that conversation ever
happened and do you think the president
said no no I don't think that's worth
any money I'm not gonna get behind that
I don't think that happened all right so
if we could be adults for a moment it's
very unlikely that President Trump ever
even hot was presented with a decision
about how to prepare the country in case
of there were there was a pandemic I'll
bet you'd never even have that meeting
now you could argue that he should have
called that meeting and I think that
would be a fair point
but just look at the entire context I
will go further and say that if we don't
hear more about testing in the and today
really because there's no reason not to
hear today I mean even if pence came out
and said I know how important it is to
give you visibility on testing you know
we're about 80% of the way to
adding it up and giving it to you I'll
give it to you you know tomorrow that'll
be good enough like that would show that
they have some sense of how important
that is to be not only important they
know it's important but important to
communicate it if you're if we're in the
midst of a pandemic and there's protests
in the street and we don't know exactly
when we can reopen the economy and I've
said this before that if we don't have
at least a target date for each area
that they can rely on as opposed to if
you meet these conditions you could go
back to work
if you meet these conditions comes with
a condition of its own you have to have
test kits that you don't have so the
government has created a situation and
presented it to the public like this
here are the guidelines to get back to
work by the way it's not possible to
achieve them that's what happened right
am I wrong
because you would need a certain amount
of testing to be able to achieve it and
we have no information that would
suggest we'll ever have that ever right
now one assumes that we're working
toward it but what information do you
have so if your government is just
telling you that
hey you could go back to work as soon as
you complete this checklist what's on
the checklist well one thing that might
be impossible we don't know if I know I
would be solved before the economy
totally crashes thanks for nothing
thanks for nothing
so without the information on the
testing your government is in complete
fiduciary default and if Trump loses the
election because of this totally fair
now I don't want Joe Biden to be
president that's a problem in itself but
if Trump loses the election because he
won't tell us basic information
remember they wouldn't tell us about the
ventilators but he got lucky it turns
out it didn't matter because we made so
money it didn't matter
but that was a complete failure of
management that we the public didn't
have visibility on that and now we're in
another complete failure we don't know
much hydroxychloroquine there is or
really even if it makes a difference for
sure
and we don't know anything about tasks
that's a complete failure there's no
other way to to say that so I would say
the government is in complete failure
federal government as of today easy to
fix could be completely fixed by this
afternoon so when I say it's incomplete
failure I don't mean it's over I mean if
they don't fix this really fast while
there are protests in the street largely
because of this lack of visibility I
would argue you know people are not
saying that nobody is saying we're
protesting because you we don't think
we'll get testing in time but if you
haven't given them a practical
believable plan with a date even if it
changes you have given us nothing
nothing and so if the public reacts as
though the government has given them
nothing don't be surprised you know
don't be surprised if you give them
nothing and then they act like you gave
them nothing that should be what you
expect all right I've got a huge influx
of new followers on LinkedIn or doctors
most of them followed me from Twitter or
someplace else and it's really
interesting I guess it's just because of
coronavirus stuff and everybody I think
doctors are probably more interested
today in what the non doctor community
is thinking about this than ever before
because the doctors fates depend almost
I mean to a huge degree the fate of the
doctors depends on what people who are
not doctors are thinking about medical
questions right I'm not sure we've ever
had this situation before because the
doctors either are in the frontline of
course making the frontline decisions
but where we go in terms of opening
things up etc will be medical decisions
essentially you know balanced with
economic decisions but medical decisions
made by non-medical people so given that
I'm one of the people who talks about
this stuff all the time kind of makes
sense the doctors are pouring in to see
what the non-medical people are feeling
and try to sample as many windows into
that as they can because their fate
depends on it if if we the the pundits
get this wrong it's a big problem you
know it's a big problem because the
doctors will suffer from what the public
decides ultimately and so I do
appreciate that many of those doctors
have sort of stepped up to become my
become my mentors and informers so quite
often I'll be engaging on some topic on
Twitter and I'm very very happy to see
actual medical doctors pouring into the
comments to clarify and fix
misinformation so it's a tremendously
good it's a really good trend to watch
the doctors start following the non
doctors because it's important right now
and to fix our thinking specifically you
know there's there's gonna be a lot of
polls between now and Election Day and I
would argue at this point the only thing
that matters to re-election is the
coronavirus I think you know maybe maybe
the Supreme Court but it feels as though
because people are more influenced by
whatever happened recently and also
whatever it was the biggest and this is
the biggest and it will be the thing
that happened most recently so really I
would say that these the the few people
were swing voters probably are going to
be mostly mostly affected by the
coronavirus response but I would say
that when you're in the middle of the
battle the polling is useful and
entertaining you know tells you
something about what the middle of the
battle looks like but it doesn't predict
because the only thing that will predict
is winning or losing and by November
we're going to have a much better
consensus of course what the country
never agrees on everything but it'll
probably be at least a 2/3 consensus one
way or the other that what our
government did either worked or didn't
work so that's all that will depend that
you know that's what's going to depend
the election the election will depend on
that so we don't know how that will go
because we don't know if we win or lose
and we probably won't know for several
months but I like to use this phrase
because if it really explains so many
situations you've heard it before
winning fixes everything I've said that
in my books I think somebody famous said
at first but winning kind of fixes
everything if you win people will almost
instantly stop complaining about how you
got there if you lose they will complain
forever
about all the things you did wrong but
the day you win if you win then all the
criticisms of the dumb things you used
to be doing they just go away do you
remember when when Trump won the
election what happened to all those
criticisms about the way he was
campaigning all the criticisms of all
the things that Trump was doing wrong
and we were you know we were all little
experts right we're all experts of the
thing Trump was doing wrong to campaign
well he's not spending enough money well
he's you know he doesn't have the right
endorsements well he seems to be
insulting people that can't be good
what's all this tweeting about and so we
the brilliant pundits had all these
criticisms about what the president's
doing wrong campaign to be the president
and then he won and then all those
criticisms went away because as soon as
you win you realize they were either
overblown or didn't matter or maybe
we're wrong in the first place all right
I got into an interesting conversation
which I don't understand a bit because
I'm not qualified false-positives versus
false negatives in specifically looking
at the tests in santa clara that showed
there were a lot of people relative to
what we expected there were a lot of
people with antibodies now when I say a
lot it was you know a few percent you
know somewhere in that you know one to
four percent depending on how you're
looking at it etc so let's say two
percent and unfortunately that's also
right in the range where you could get
false false positives but so I then
navall was you know dealing with this
question and he's smarter about this
stuff and he was pointing out that the
tests probably are calibrated so that
they take into account what they know
about the accuracy of the testing so
that that's all you know figured into it
and then other smart people came in and
said well in order to do that the only
way you could be sure your tests worked
is to calibrate it against a test you
know works but that doesn't exist so
there's apparently there are no you know
really reliable tests they could be
calibrated against something that you
know is reliable now I'm not sure I
believe that because the manufacturer of
the tests presumably is testing it
against some other standard and it seems
like if you've got a any kind of a
positive you would just retest them say
okay yeah are we getting too many false
positives and they were just retest with
other devices until they were sure that
it was real or sure that it was a false
test so I think the manufacturer could
use just a variety of other test kits to
see if as the least in agreement and
that would get you pretty close to
knowing if he had a false positive but
if he had a false negative if you tested
a thousand people and you got one
positive well it's pretty obvious that
you should run that one positive through
some other tests just to see if it's
real but what about the 999 negatives
with the manufacturer of the
that we're talking about would they have
rerun all 999 through all of the other
tests which are available to see if they
all get the same result ish and if some
don't then rerun again to make sure that
you know they know what's going on I
don't know I'm guessing not but it would
only be a gas I mean you could imagine
that they would say yeah that's the only
way we would do it of course you have to
test and retest and retest against all
the standards otherwise you don't really
know what you have maybe you know my
experience of the real world is that
probably not but maybe because it's a
medical world and you know one has to
assume that they have higher standards
than most of the world but my point of
it is that really smart people who are
operating at a level that I can't quite
reach in other words people who
understand this world and can deal with
the statistical ambiguities of it more
capably than I can are not quite on the
same page about whether these tests are
reliable or not now I can't really judge
because again I'm not qualified but
isn't it interesting there's something
you would think would be as easy to know
the truth of it even that you can't so
let me let me back you up to about a
bigger thought about all this wouldn't
you say that the most standard
information you've gotten is that we
should use facts to make decisions and
we should really know the facts or or
anything we do with this coronavirus
thing would be just nonsense we got to
know the facts but is it also true that
all of our facts are unreliable or total
 am I wrong about that having
all of our facts so far proven to be
either unreliable or you can't be sure
yeah might be true might not be true so
I don't test or I don't trust any
results of the tests I don't trust
anything that comes from any guy
and source I don't trust anything that
comes from a private source I don't
trust anything that comes from a pundit
so how are we supposed to make decisions
with facts when were the only fact we
can be sure of is that our facts are
wrong and it wouldn't you wouldn't have
to have many facts that were wrong to
have the wrong decision right so let's
say you had all the facts were right
except let's say face backs face masks
see permit make things much worse or
they fix everything so let's say you had
all the facts correctly which is
impossible but only just one fact was
wrong
well that one wrong fact could totally
blow your strategy and we certainly have
at least one factor all we don't know
which ones exactly we don't even know
the denominator of you know how many
people have recovered we don't know
exactly why this is that we don't know a
lot of things we don't know that genetic
differences we're not entirely sure if
smoking is good or bad for you we don't
know how many people really died in
China we don't know why Sweden is doing
better we don't know why South Korea is
doing better we have gases masks blah
blah blah we don't know if social
isolation works we don't know if it
worked great we don't know if it works
well we don't know if it's working
better in some places we don't know
anything so we should sort of abandon
the childlike fairy tale that we're
going to make this decision based on
facts because we're not the reason we're
not it's because there are no facts we
can rely on there are only facts we've
heard facts sometimes come from credible
sources and are also not true as
evidence the World Health Organization
the CDC their Surgeon General and our
government all of them have told us
things that are so insanely obviously
not true facemasks being the obvious one
that we don't have any facts yeah we're
still arguing about dr. Shiva whether
all you need is some vitamin
we are so far from facts and the the
Bill Gates rumors I mean we're not close
to facts so here's the question how do
you make a decision in the in the face
of such extreme uncertainty you know
there's some general things we know such
as if you do nothing more people will
get the virus so we know that
so using just those general things plus
some risk management you're generally
going to look for things that you can
test and then pull back if you need to
so yeah if you don't know what is the
right answer it usually makes sense
every situation is different but it
usually makes sense to take the strategy
that is the most adaptable if it doesn't
work out that you can immediately say
oops take it back now if we were to
reopen the economy and just say all
right let's see what happens is reopen
everything and the virus took hold and
you know a million people got it
infected in a week could you easily
reverse that not really it could be kind
of hard to reverse it once a million
people were infected although we're I
think we have a quarter million already
but likewise it would not be easy to
reverse shutting down the economy but
which one would be easier to reverse
well depends how much you care about the
deaths if you don't care about deaths
just open up the economy if you do well
you've got a tough decision
all right so we'll have to make a
decision without a fax I hope that goes
well here's here's one of the things
that made me think that we need an IQ
test not a blood test for or not a test
for the program iris so I tweeted this
which is a lot of people a lot of people
who believe that Trump talks to complete
you know BS 99% of the time
so they're his critics believe that
pretty much everything he says is a lie
it's hyperbole or as BS and yet they
can't understand why Trump would say
that President Xi is an awesome guy and
China is doing a great job at the same
time that he's trying to get a trade
deal done do you really not understand
how that works are there people who are
really so dumb that they don't
understand the president Trump is
standing right in front of you on camera
and winking as hard as he can
yeah I love President Xi he's wink wink
doing a great job great job oh yeah I'll
be concerned if they give us bad
information but President Qi he's my
friend when Frank Hague could he wink
any harder do you believe him when he
says that China is awesome I believe
that he's smart enough to know that
you're not gonna get anywhere with China
if you try to keep milli eight them that
I know do you think the president knows
not to humiliate somebody he's trying to
do a deal with in the middle of the deal
oh sure maybe before and after but not
in the middle of the deal if you're
actually negotiating with somebody
you're gonna be insulting them in public
you need to get your IQ checked if you
think the president should be insulting
the president of China while we're
trying to get something done you know
check check your IQ at the door there
all right it made no sense but you know
what I'm talking about
I don't think the Roger stone upcoming
pardon or whatever whatever the word is
worth what's the other word it's a
pardon or a clemency clemency I don't
think there's any question about it
anymore is it the the president has so
clearly signaled that he's going to
pardon or grant clemency to Roger stone
it's just a matter of timing at this
point now manna fort there's another
situation
because you know that's just a darker
situation but I think the Roger stone
pardon is essentially guaranteed Nancy
Pelosi was asked by Chris Wallace
yesterday to explain how she was saying
that the president was under playing the
virus and yet at the very same time she
was publically going to Chinatown and
telling you everybody to enjoy Chinatown
and the big crowds during the pandemic
and of course Chris Wallace was calling
that out and saying you know you're
criticizing the president for not taking
you seriously exactly the same time you
were doing that not taking us seriously
and inviting people to hang around at
big crowds and what was Nancy Pelosi his
response to that it's a real head shaker
she said that the real point of that was
to counter president Trump's racism
because she was worried that because he
was calling with the virus the Chinese
virus or the Wuhan virus that it would
stoke racism and so she decided to go to
Chinatown and get all the Chinese
American citizens infected with corona
virus and maybe die so that they
wouldn't feel bad that a virus was named
after a country that they don't live in
so this might be if you could have some
kind of a some kind of an award for the
most pathetic answer you've ever heard
from a politician I'm not even gonna
call it a lie because it's so obvious a
lie that you don't really need to call
that out you should at least if you were
gonna lie you should at least take a
stab at making it'll sound a little bit
believable do you think there's anybody
even in the Democratic Party so sorry
about that technical glitch is it
because of something I said about China
I don't know
we'll find out because I'll test that
again anyway so whatever Nancy Pelosi
said I'm wondering were there Democrats
were there Democrats who were thinking
to themselves gosh you know that is a
good question Chris Wallace oh why did
Nancy Pelosi criticize President Trump
at the same time she was inviting people
to a big crowd to get infected and
trying to tell me why why did she do
that and then they hear the answer and
Pelosi says oh it's to counteract
president Trump's racism is there
anybody who was a Democrat who heard
that and said oh oh yeah that makes
sense now
I was thinking God do I want to swear I
want to swear so much today I guess I
just work too much already I'm gonna I'm
gonna pull it back
serenity Dale is there any Democrat who
heard Pelosi say that she was trying to
counteract president's racism by going
to Chinatown does anybody believe that
is there any Democrat who's dumb enough
to believe that really because at least
you know to the credit of Trump
supporters when Trump says something
that we know is not true we kinda know
it don't we yeah don't you don't you
know it if he says I had the biggest
crowd size you know since the gladiators
and in the Coliseum you know don't you
listen to it you go oh maybe maybe not
this is really bad it's not really the
point does it doesn't really matter if
you exaggerated that I feel like Trump
supporters generally know when he's
saying things that are complete BS but I
don't know if Democrats know it when
Pelosi says it I just can't tell has
anybody seen Joe Biden since Friday this
is an actual question because I don't
know has Joe Biden been televised since
Friday I'll wait for your comments
because I don't want to see I can't tell
if that comment is
this was a the last one I was people are
still talking wanting me to swear by
Esther that question has Joe Biden put
Biden in the answer so I know that's why
you're answering as Joe Biden has shown
himself in two and a half days because
it feels like I'll wait for your answer
so I'll get it I get over my skis a
little bit if we haven't seen them oh
let me make a general I'm going to make
a general observation if if we did not
see Joe Biden for two days and I need a
confirmation of that so I'll make it a
general statement if there ever is a
time that we don't see Joe Biden at
least on video for two days it means
he's going to be out of the race that's
that's my prediction if you ever see a
two-day gap with no Joe Biden live video
at this point from here until the
election any two day gap means he's out
of the race that is my assumption now
the way he leaves the race of course is
a great question
but I would think if he went dark for
two days and I don't know if he did I
need that confirmation of that I saw a
tweet of it but he may have reappeared
right after the tweet okay people are
saying no on Joe Biden so if it's true
that we haven't seen it for two days it
means the Democrats are talking into
leaving the race because I see no
scenario that you would stay out of the
public eye unless Democrats were talking
him into getting out of the race and
being replaced
I think that's happening right now if
he's been gone for two days because
otherwise there's no reason now you
could say to yourself no no Scout the
reason is he's not mentally capable so
they're keeping them off the Airways
which I would say is really the same
thing I just said because if they've
kept him off video for two days because
they don't think he's mentally competent
at the moment that also means they're
having the
conversation about replacing them
there's no way you separate those two
things right and then I saw one article
an opinion article on CNN saying that
Elizabeth Warren was the obvious best
choice for vice president and of course
she made things interesting by saying
that if Bernie if Biden asked her to be
vice president she would say yes which
is sort of a weird thing to say usually
you say well I'm not talking about that
today so what if it's Warren because if
they replace if they replace vitamin
with warand you end up with birdie right
because Warren is basically burning and
indifferent clothes
so Warren gets you the woman so good for
the woman vote and it gets your Bernie
so the Bernie voters can say we wanted
Bernie but okay she's younger she's
pretty close so you could probably get
the Bernie bros many of them and I think
the the mainstream Democrats have proven
by their nominating Abidin that they
literally don't care who's running right
so you'd have the Bernie bros who would
be back in if it's Elizabeth Warren
maybe at least you'd have an argument to
get him back in you'd have you'd have
the bill and then the mainstream people
just wouldn't care because they were
going to vote Democrat didn't matter who
was I don't know if anybody would vote
against Warren if they're a Democrat I
could see people voting against Bernie
but but Warren has that I haven't been a
communist all my life kind of vibe so
maybe she could soften her stance a
little bit and still get in get in there
so words actually an interesting choice
I'm going to stick with my prediction of
table Harris in part because I think she
hasn't been a relationship with Biden
and Biden sort of has to be part of the
decision all right
so Chyna somebody official in China has
stated that China is not the enemy of
the United States
so that's good isn't it great to know
that China is not the enemy of the
United States but I would point out that
China who is not the enemy of the United
States has already killed more Americans
this year with coronavirus and fentanyl
then all of America's enemies added up
over the past ten years am I right about
that
check check my math but I think that
China who says they're our friend has
probably killed maybe approaching a
hundred thousand Americans in 2020 I
think well he had a hundred thousand
between the fentanyl and coronavirus
probably over a hundred thousand and if
you were to add up all of the Americans
killed in in by every enemy country over
ten years it wouldn't come close to a
hundred thousand coordinate because you
did you'd be adding up you know the the
two wars and they don't even come close
yeah Massachusetts doesn't even like war
some people say all right you know I'll
go back to something I said if I didn't
say that it is this on the morning
periscope I'd like to reinforce it we of
course are going to decouple from China
now the question of whether wheel
decouple has been answered it's just a
question of how long it takes because
the government doesn't even have to be
involved in it anymore there there's
enough social pressure that if you could
if you were to move a production
facility to China from this day forward
it would be news in the past that would
not be news right if a fortune 500
company moved production to China
that wouldn't be news that's old now now
it's news so they kind of can't do it so
social pressure and consumer pressure
will completely stop at a big company
from moving to China they could move to
another country I mean they could
probably get away with Vietnam or Mexico
but no the decoupling that's just going
to happen so there's no question about
that
but the way we should present it is to
avoid humiliating or offending China
because there's nothing in it for us you
know I think it's okay to hate China but
they have a different reaction to you
know obviously every country has people
they hate them you know people are sort
of used to being hated but people don't
like being disrespected and they don't
want to be humiliated etc so we should
look for the the way to decouple this
sounds the most like you know it's not
you it's me you know when you break up
with somebody it's not you it's me and
we need a version of that for China when
do we decouple and my version of that is
we should say our systems are not
compatible it has nothing to do with you
has nothing to do with you President Xi
you're awesome it's just that you've
chosen the system that sadly doesn't it
doesn't fit with our system and we have
transparency and you don't have
transparency and those are two systems
that can't fit together so if we became
non transparent well maybe we'd have
something well that probably doesn't
work to non transparent systems we're
not going to be very successful but if
they were to become transparent and of
course we're not your boss we're not
going to tell China they need to be more
transparent we're just not going to be
in their game so I don't think we should
be in the business of telling China what
to do because it doesn't work and it
would be humiliating and just there's no
upside but we could certainly tell them
that while they're doing whatever they
want to do that system is not compatible
with our system so we're going to take
our ball and go home it's nothing
personal
we would we wish they fit together but
transparency and non transparency or
just two systems and don't fit no way
around it we tried it was worth trying
all right something weird happened this
morning that I just have to call out to
see if anybody noticed it so I woke up
around 3:30 this morning which is not
unusual and I just got up went to work
because that's not unusual for me I hate
sleeping I hate sleeping more than I
hate really anything in my life right
now I don't like getting at the bed I
don't like staying there I don't like
being asleep I don't like any of it
because I like my life
and I realized that I get up so early in
the morning that I've effectively had
two lifetimes when most people have had
one and what I mean by that is if you
look at your 24 hour a day those 24
hours are not equal right because
there's the hours you're asleep that are
like you don't exist and then there are
the hours that you're you know commuting
there are the hours in the afternoon
that you're so sleepy you can't get
anything done so the hours are all
different they're not equal quality and
I would argue that because the first
hours of the morning are their premium
hours of the entire day that people like
me routinely get up at 4:00 in the
morning by the time the rest of the
world wakes up you know let's say people
are just starting to you know get up at
a dish we're getting to work in a tissue
anyway but I've got a four-hour head
start
sometimes five hours per day on people
who who are getting up and living their
life and their normal schedule and I
often feel that by my current age its
shows because I feel like I present
myself like somebody who lived two
lifetimes because it actually physically
feels like that today I have a whole
lifetime that I lead before most of you
wake up and I do the great majority of
all my useful creative and productive
work happens before most people wake up
now yeah Jaco will X somebody mentioned
in the comments and he's one of the
people who
baby wonder so this morning he you know
showed that he was up at 4:00 in the
morning and I saw at least three other
Californians who were clearly up at
about 4:00 a.m. this morning and
tweeting hey you know I I send a text
message my brother and about 4:45 a.m.
or whatever it is and I get an instant
response you know people that I think I
think California is just stop sleeping
and I think Californians are just
getting up really easy it really early
so I don't know maybe they were getting
up at 4:20 for a reason
those were my comments what time do you
go to bed I got a bad whenever whenever
whenever I'd like to be in bed at least
during the coronavirus I like to be in
bed at 9:30 ish 10 o'clock during normal
times it's not unusual for me to stay up
later you know stay up till 10:00 but it
doesn't matter when I go to bed I just
don't like sleeping so I just get up if
I wake up anytime after 3:00 and I just
stay up yeah maybe that's why I do two
times that eight hours per day he sleep
16 hours a day okay yeah it's easier
when you don't have to that's true
it's easier to wake up early when you
don't have to maybe all the successful
people have moved to California well you
know California has one advantage which
is for getting up early when
Californians get up early they have
somebody to talk to because we can talk
to the East Coast because East Coast has
been up for a while if you if you're on
the East Coast and you wake up early the
only only people you have to talk to you
or people on the East Coast
all right do you take naps rarely I do I
do it
naps are definitely in my in my toolbox
but I'd say maybe a couple of month I've
changed to get up now for you well thank
you thank you for getting up for my
periscopes yeah I think people are
different I'm not sure that everybody
can learn to be a morning person I wish
you could because the morning is
definitely the best part of the day yes
the Brits there's always the Brits that
the east coast to talk could talk to if
they get up early a good point all right
that's all I got for today
they're just babbling I will talk to you
tonight and remember you can have a
great day today