bumbum
hey everybody come on in here
gather round yeah it's time for coffee
with Scott Adams and guess what as luck
would have it I'm Scott Adams and I have
coffee and if you're well prepared and I
know some of you are you have coffee too
it may be a different beverage but in
any case grab your cup your bunk your
stein your challenge your thermos put
some liquid in there I like coffee
and join me for this simultaneous it
let's spin this crap somebody says let's
spin this crap in my visiting Roger
today well will I be going to jail with
Roger stone not that I know of
I'm happy to say that I've never met
Roger stone so there there should be no
record of text messages between us I'll
tell you what I would hate to be anybody
who has texted Roger stone in the last
five years if you have ever exchanged
messages with Roger stone you're
probably a little worried right now
because Mulder's reading your messages
all right so the big question of the day
is oh maybe there's a bigger question
somebody says that Mike sort of itches
movie hoaxed is out today is that true
I'm still okay it looks like it's out
today so if you haven't watched it
search for a hoaxed Hoa X Edie by Mike
Savage I'm in it
so it must be good but I've been looking
forward to that so make sure you watch
that so why am i whispering Christine is
still asleep so I'm on the road today
and I wake up to the news that the FBI
has raided Roger stones not raided I
guess they did a a powerful knock on the
door who everybody was highly armed now
you might ask yourself well why would
they go in so heavy against Roger stone
well the odds that Roger stone has heavy
firepower in his house it's probably
close to 100 percent what do you say
what would you guess are the odds that
Roger stone has some serious weaponry
legal I'm sure it's all legal
but serious weaponry in his home
probably pretty high I always wondered
why they they do their FBI raids it
seems like it's in the the early morning
before anybody would be expected to be
awake and I think part of it is you make
sure that they're not drunk because its
first thing in the morning
and they're sort of sleepy and they
haven't organized their thoughts yet so
you just have an advantage if you're a
big bunch of FBI people and you catch
somebody at I know 5:00 in the morning
or whatever they do it it's probably the
best time all right so it may seem to
you like it seems to me like some kind
of weird Groundhog Day have you noticed
that every story seems to be the same as
every other story what are the two
biggest stories today and ask yourself
if you've ever heard these stories
before somebody associated with the
Trump campaign but not that closely
that's always the key associated with
the campaign but not that closely is
accused of something by Muller that
probably has more to do with lying about
something
than with any base crime now have you
ever heard that story before it's the
same frickin story we just hear over and
over again it's just the same story all
they do is they just replayed the play
with new characters so who's after Roger
stone I don't know are they running out
of of minor characters who are
associated with the fringe of the
campaign probably a few more bestowed
will be the most interesting now the
other interesting thing about a stone is
that he probably knows where there are a
lot of bodies buried I would I would
hate to be on the other side of that guy
because I don't think he's gonna go
quietly you know whatever happens next
it is probably going to have a leave a
pretty big crater but I don't know
here's the other story see if you've
ever heard this story before someone who
once worked for the White House writes a
tell-all book that alleges he knows what
the what the president's deepest inner
thoughts are have you ever heard that
story before it's just the same damn
story they're just recycling it another
person with another book full of
assumptions about what other people are
thinking I just saw that one of the
excerpts and it's exactly what you
imagined it's stuff like and the
president's craves the approval of the
media that he hates and I'm thinking to
myself okay if you gave us a text or a
direct quote where the president said I
crave the media attention then I would
say that's pretty solid
the president actually said that but if
you're writing a book or you're talking
about the president's inner thoughts and
his secret worries that he doesn't speak
about I don't think I don't think that
that should not be a book but it will be
and it seems that they've targeted
what's mean why blanking on a Kelly an
economy so have you noticed that the
opposition is targeting and picking off
specific individuals so it seems that
this book may have targeted Kellyanne
Conway and our Dershowitz is on TV darn
it they'll have to go watch that
but yeah it's just it's a whole a whole
nother I don't know two weeks of the
same story that we've been watching over
and over again person gets arrested
charged with something that's probably
closer to lying than anything else
somebody writes a book there are lots of
assumptions about what people's inner
thoughts are they've picked off somebody
to take out save news there's not much
there's not even much to say about it
but there is a question I saw on Twitter
I don't know if anybody's answered yeah
maybe you can answer it for me somebody
answered me this question why why was
CNN standing outside of Roger Stone's
home exactly when with cameras at
exactly when Muller's the secret raid
happened does somebody have an
explanation for how see you then do to
be there were they just always there
they just have a film crew there just
sits in front of Rogers dont's house
just in case or do they have a source
inside the Muller investigation see you
then got tipped off well maybe so but
somebody says why does it matter it
matters because wouldn't you like to
know if CNN CNN has real sources because
that would obviously be confirmed as a
an accurate insider source yeah
so that that would matter and I don't
have a whole lot else to say today so
I've got to keep it short all right
I may check in later when we have more
news but for now I'm gonna sign off and
we'll we'll keep watching the news to
see what else develops well let's hope
it's not just Groundhog Day all over
again and I will talk to you later