but boom ba-ba-boom hey everybody
I'll bet there aren't that many people
who are already awake
at least not in my timezone hey Pat come
on in here the rest of you can watch
this on replay but the early birds your
kanye's life now doing what good morning
good morning good morning do you have
your beverage with you I hope you do hey
Jason
hey everybody it's time to grab your mug
your glass your cup your vessel your
Stein fill it with the liquid of your
choice I like coffee and join me for the
simultaneous scent so let's talk about
this khashoggi thing sabor so Khashoggi
was the journalist who was allegedly
slain by Saudi security forces cut into
pieces with a bone saw and his body
removed from the Turkish consulate now
as I've questioned before you always
have to wait with this sort of thing
because there's always going to be more
to this story it just didn't quite make
sense the way we heard it sounded a
little too fantastical for us to really
have understood everything about this
and we're still waiting so we don't know
what else we'll learn but there's kind
of an interesting question that's a sub
question about this the the journalist
who was killed is a Muslim Brotherhood
proponent and the Muslim Brotherhood as
I understand that the current
incarnation promotes a peaceful
transition a democratic transition to
Sharia law and in
Slavik the world so there at least in
their public face the Muslim Brotherhood
is a in a non-violent way to conquer the
world in for the benefit of Islam and
I'm wondering how we in the West should
look at something like this alleged
murder should it become confirmed and
somebody saying are you insane
nonviolent no I'm not insane you're bad
at listening I said their public face
and they're their public pronouncements
are nonviolent what they're doing behind
the scenes
I have not addressed so if you believe
they're doing something behind the
scenes to support Hamas or support other
terrorist groups you would be agreeing
with some some of the Middle Eastern
countries who also consider them a
terrorist group but if we're just
talking about Khashoggi I've not been
presented with any information at least
in the press that would suggest that he
in particular is in favor of any kind of
violence so I have not seen that
suggested and I think I would by now
right but he was a Muslim Brotherhood
person and I think it would be fair to
say that there are members of the Muslim
Brotherhood who do not favor violence
but what they do favor is a view of the
world that's by Western standards very
anti-women and perhaps even more anti
LGBTQ so anti-gay anti LBGT p/q i can
never say that right an anti woman so
when we're watching this and we're
saying to ourselves how much trouble
does the United States want to get into
for what looked like sort of a Middle
East
you know internal problem
because I'm not sure we want to take
this guy side do we you know how much do
we want to support the person who would
change our system to something we would
consider a form of slavery for women
right now I'm not saying that's
necessarily you know everybody's
interpretation but by Western standards
what Khashoggi was pushing was kind of a
women second-class citizen baby-making
slavery situation by Western eyes right
obviously within the Islamic community
they have a very different opinion of it
but so the interesting question is if I
take my own judgment out of this so I'm
so I'm trying to I'm trying to describe
this without infecting it with any
opinions of my own because I don't
really have strong opinions a lot of the
stuff in the Middle East because I don't
have the full context for things but
it's an interesting question how much do
we in the West and we in the West are
50% of women and then you add on to that
the LGBTQ community and that's a
majority right in the Democratic West
most people as in more than 50% of our
population is either a woman or a gay
man because if you add the half roughly
half that are women to the you know 10
percent or so of their LGBTQ and half of
them are men and something like 55 55
percent of the West or women and gay men
something like that so it's a majority
how much should that majority in our
democratic society care about to
proponents of Sharia law and one kills
the other because it's is somebody is
arguing with my estimates you can argue
with the estimates that's fine but it's
the same point the there's a clear
majority in the democratic countries
of people who are there a woman or gay
man if you had those two categories
together they're more than 50% of the
population everybody agrees with that so
it's not clear to me how much risk the
West should take over what's kind of an
internal squabble between two sides that
we shouldn't we shouldn't like either
one of them too much because of what
they what they would do with with the
topics of women and gays in particular
should they get their way and then you
have this weird situation where I don't
think you could argue that Saudi Arabia
has it more enlightened more enlightened
a listening approach to women and gays
then the Muslim Brotherhood I don't
think I don't think you can necessarily
make that case but in terms of the
public we see this bitten Salman guy
looking like a reformer
you know women can drive and I think
there were some other smaller changes
there so at least he's heading in the
right direction so in terms of how it
feels to us it's gonna it's gonna feel
like at least saman had something going
on there that was the right direction
even if we don't like where he's at that
he had dirt on the regime somebody says
that could show he had dirt on the
regime which I've heard is true but we
don't know what that was
anyway but it does feel like a little
bit of an internal problem and I'm not
sure how much the United States should
embrace it as our problem let's talk
about systems versus goals you know that
I wrote a book called had it failed
almost everything still when big in
which I talked about having a system
something you work on every day that
gives you a good result but you don't
necessarily know exactly how it's going
to end so a system is something to
improve your odds of a good outcome but
you don't know exactly where it goes
versus a goal which says
we will have single-payer health care
just you just use that as an example so
a goal would be a single-payer health
care so it assumes the exact answer or
something like an exact answer as
opposed to a system which would be a way
to work toward a better healthcare
situation but you don't know exactly how
that works out that's what a system
would look like let me suggest some new
ideas here I'm going to throw some ideas
into the mix I've talked to you already
about how Kanye did something much
bigger than the then the press realized
or report it now what Kanye did was
suggested the well he called ideation
centers in urban areas and that would be
a center where you would work with the
local folks to come up with ideas for
solving things if you come up with an
idea ideally you want to be able to test
it in maybe one city or one community
within the city but something small that
you can test so the ideation centers
would create ideas you'd you'd package
them so that you've got something an
investor let's say you know billionaire
who just wants to help or even the
government that just wants to help and
they've got some money do a small test
that the small test works you implement
it now what makes this a system is you
don't know what the thing looks like you
don't know what you don't know what
ideas they're going to come up with it's
a system we don't have a system Kanye is
operating at a higher level than anybody
who's criticizing him that's my take
because this doesn't exist and it's
exactly what needs to exist not a
solution a system for creating solutions
and testing them as many solutions as
you can come up with to test but I would
extend this idea and say maybe we should
do even more of it I'm going to take
healthcare as my example and I'm going
to introduce this idea that I just made
up so you won't find this anywhere this
is just a mental experiment term I made
up the president's portfolio now what I
mean by the
president's portfolio is not that the
president is going to be investing in
any stocks or anything like that so it's
not that it would be a portfolio of
startups or companies that are working
for the betterment of the United States
as a whole so most startups are just
trying to make money right so if you're
let's say you're a game startup you just
have to make money it doesn't really
make much difference to the United
States except in some general way it
might help the economy but there are
other startups that would dramatically
lower healthcare costs
there are startups with that would get
you dramatically better results in
healthcare there are startups that are
working on the systems the databases the
processes that would greatly reduce the
amount of complexity for example so the
president's portfolio would be and this
is an idea not a not a real thing and
the idea would be that the president
working with a team of people who would
help him that what's in the portfolio
and what isn't
would be a list of companies and this in
this one example for healthcare the
healthcare companies that are startups
that would really make a difference in
the cost of healthcare if they worked
and the idea of the president's
portfolio is not that the president
invests so there's no investment
he's just spotlighting so it would be a
spotlight that says look if you've
qualified because your startup is a
serious one and let's say there's some
criteria such as you have to at least
get some money from a high-end venture
company so if you know Sequoia or some
big venture company has already put
money into you and and it could be
demonstrated that you're for the benefit
of the larger society not just making
money then you could be in the
president's portfolio what would be the
advantage the advantage would be the
spotlight so that the the billionaires
who want to help would know exactly
where to look they say oh I'll go to the
web page with the list of startups that
are part of the president's portfolio
and you know I'd like to do something
good for the country
and why not maybe make some money at the
same time so the billionaire goes here
it looks down the list and says wow
there's a company that if this works out
they're gonna may be able to make an MRI
that cost you ten dollars instead of
hundreds of dollars so I'm gonna invest
in that might not work but if it does
the whole country maybe even the whole
world is better off now I use healthcare
as my example because I was a clear
example where spotlighting the companies
that can bring down costs would be very
important but this could be any category
it could be climate change what are all
the companies working on things that
would make a real difference to climate
change wouldn't you like to know
wouldn't you like to know that there are
a dozen companies that are looking to
capture co2 scrub at end of the world
and of the air make maybe a better
nuclear plant wouldn't you like to know
what is the small portfolio of companies
that are gonna fix our biggest problems
so that our billionaires can be
weaponized to make a difference right
now if you've got a billion dollars and
you want to help the world what the hell
are you gonna do so this is the genius
of the Gates Foundation when Bill Gates
decided and here I'm you know I don't
want to read his mind but it seems
obvious from the facts it seems that
Bill Gates said to himself some version
of this I have all these billions of
dollars I want to help the world how do
I do it that's a it's actually hard
because you don't know where to put that
money that the government can't do a
better that it can really make a
difference what do you do
so Gates created the Gates Foundation
whose primary job as I understand it is
to figure out where to put his money
because the figuring out where to do it
is the hard part that's sort of the sign
of the golden age so the golden age as I
define it is the time we're in where the
biggest problems are the way we think
about stuff we don't have a resource
shortage
we have an ideas shortage Kanye
understanding that we're in the golden
age where we don't have a resource a
shortage we have an idea shortage we
have a system shortage we haven't
organized into the right systems has
suggested a hugely important idea that
the press has completely overlooked I'd
a place to create ideas and package them
so you can put them in front of a
billionaire or put them in front of the
government and say here's this idea the
community is on board we've packaged it
we've looked at the economics you know
can we get a billionaire to do a small
test
likewise on health care I'm greatly
annoyed when I watch the debate about
single-payer the debate about
single-payer goes like this yes or no
that's the whole debate right yes
single-payer or no but is there a
smarter middle ground where you can find
a way to do a small test we should never
be saying no to big ideas let me say
that again we should never say no to big
ideas instead we should say can you test
it can you test it small now that
doesn't mean looking at Europe and
seeing what they did although that's
useful right could you and I don't know
if this is true could you pick a state
could you pick a county suppose you
could pick a county and say alright
we're just gonna test single-payer in
this county for the next three years or
whatever you're all going to be on the
single-payer the government will
artificially lower your drug costs in
other words will subsidize them to give
you the the impact of what it would be
if we had negotiating power on a on a
countrywide basis which we don't have
yet because this is just a test so if
the experts said well if you could get
the if you could negotiate the prices
down 30% you'd really have something so
you just artificially do a test
where you force the prices to be 30%
lower see what happens
now that particular test might be a
stupid idea it takes people who are
working in the area to come up with what
a good test looks like but if if we're
saying yes or no to any kind of a
healthcare change it feels like the
wrong process the right process to me
sounds like can you test it is small if
you can test is small you don't have to
say yes or no right we should get out of
yes or no if there's one change that
Kanye can bring to the world it's to get
us out of yes now we're not a yes/no
world we should be a systems world where
we're continually trying new ideas
packaging them in a way we can test them
small see how it does and then make a
separate decision whether you want to go
big so yes now is just an unproductive
way to to address these big things all
right competition in healthcare is a
failure blah blah well I would imagine
that there are lots of things you could
test in healthcare and other ideas and
by the way the the ideas that I'm
suggesting here these are all the normal
ideas in the business community so
everything I'm describing here is the
very this very way that it's the exact
way that capitalism works so capitalism
works great because they think of ideas
they test them small before they decide
to go big now the government does that
in some cases but I would think that
should be the standard form and you
should never if you're a Republican and
you're saying no to any other healthcare
idea from the left that's just the wrong
approach the right approach is can you
test it as small if you can't test a
small then you can say no if you can
then you should be saying you know put
together a package and let's see if we
can test it somewhere small all right
our D suffers with universal we don't
know that do we we don't know that we do
know that there might be some kind of a
trade-off but we don't know what the
trade-off looks like so so when you say
stuff like such as innovation will
suffer I think that needs to be tested
it is fair to say that if you took the
profits of the of the you know the
healthcare businesses if there are
profits reduced it probably would come
out of R&D but that doesn't mean there
wouldn't be something else jumping up to
replace it you know some other entity
all right please talk about persuasive
systems are or are not yeah so systems
generally fall into what I call the high
ground maneuver so the high ground
maneuver in persuasion is something that
takes you out of the weeds of the
details and brings you to a level where
everybody in the discussion says okay
that makes sense and you saw me do that
right in front of you so if you said
your single-payer good or bad is this
particular change to healthcare or good
or bad is this changing this rule or
this regulation would that be good or
bad the the weeds is yes/no or what's
what's the trade-off the higher level is
we don't know let's run a test so the
brother test is always the high ground
it would be unusual to come up with an
example argument it's hard to think of
one in which is better to start big
before you've tested as small and
everybody recognizes that right
everybody's sense of the world their
common sense if you want to call it that
is going to recognize that testing small
before you go big just make sense we
have tested communism well nobody's
suggesting communism
how does that play into improved
immigration system versus the wall so
the wall is exactly the same situation
as this we are currently in the process
of replacing some parts of the existing
border with better walls because there
is funding for improvement so for
upgrades they have some funding so we
will soon be able to see if those better
walls cause people to go to other places
you know in the short run you you assume
that they just move to a different place
to get across the border if that happens
that would be a validation that the wall
at least is hard to scale if the wall is
put up in some locations and people are
just jumping over it easily or just you
know throwing their fenton all over the
top well then you've you learned
something you didn't know so the wall
because the wall that would take so long
to do it
it's a natural just by its nature you're
testing it before you get to the big
implementation you can always cancel the
budget if the first bunches of wall
didn't make any difference what about
scaling ideas from the test phase
different outcomes possible yeah so
there's certainly some art and skill to
developing a test that really does tell
you something about the the larger
implementation and there's certainly a
risk that the test looks good on small
but doesn't work and bad because you
can't scale it there's something about
the scaling so there's no clean answer
other than it's always better to test
because you'll be smarter than if you
didn't but you could still get the wrong
answer but that's always the possibility
can you suggest how a person could find
employment in something like an ideation
center well you would have to have the
right skill set there's a firm in San
Francisco called IDEO
IDE oh and they're sort of a design
ideation center you could call it I've
worked
with them before and what they do is if
you come in you're a corporate customer
and say I want to design a new computer
device it doesn't matter what you're
designing they do design for all kinds
of stuff and they'll put together a team
that makes sense for this project so
they might include an engineer might
include a designer might include and you
know an architect might so they'll pull
together high-level people who've got
you know PhDs and they've graduated MIT
and some really smart people and they'll
put them together in a diverse little
team and they'll very quickly run
through ideas so to answer your question
how would you get a job at an ideation
Center that doesn't quite exist yet you
might start by becoming one of those
things an engineer or a designer
something that makes sense for being on
that kind of a team and then you have
something to pitch should the ideation
centers have come into being what if you
have a patent already I don't know what
you're talking about you know it so the
the answer is it just depends on the
details all right I'm just looking at
your
somebody said diversity is the enemy of
the group not exactly I believe that
there are tests this show that the most
effective group is one where somebody is
very smart and the other people in the
group are not necessarily that smart
the the worst thing you could have is a
group with five really smart people who
are kind of similar because they would
all have their own opinion of what to do
but they're all smart and they don't
want to give up so they would just fight
with each other so sometimes you're
better with one smart person one person
who knows a certain skill somebody has a
certain point of view
that's why ethnic ethnic diversity is
useful in all kinds of realms because if
you're building something to sell it in
one way or another either politically or
commercially if you're if you're looking
to sell something in the general public
you want as many different opinions
before you commit to the expense so
ethnic gender diversity all of those
different diversities are useful because
you get the perspective without the
expense all right
small tests tell us nothing about how
corrupt it will be once it's large
you're right you can't learn everything
from a small test but you can often
learn if there was something there that
just doesn't work so you can find out if
there's a big obvious idea why something
won't work
what about the middle class I don't
understand the question at some point
there has to be unity in goal there can
be unity in process that can be unity in
what the system is and there can be
unity in what the criteria is for an
idea that gets through the system is
implemented
yeah the kadhi a comment about bath
basketball is is not as crazy as it
sounds in fact if you looked at if you
literally looked at any of the stuff
that's being reported as crazy from
Kanye every bit of it has a perfectly
good explanation which he actually
presented in most cases there so even
the stuff about the hydrogen in airplane
and you know stuff like that those all
have a solid basis in in reason it's
just that the the press doesn't like
reporting the good news did somebody say
that Kanye is periscoping
keep saying cultural gravity yeah so the
I've been getting lots of feedback from
people who are responding to the concept
of cultural gravity I don't know if it's
just because people like it because it
makes them feel innocent for many
problems you know well when you think
that cultural gravity is part of the
problem in urban areas that you know
your own community is preventing you
from success
it sort of relieves you the observer
from any guilt it's like well looks like
they're doing it to themselves
so I worry that it could be taken that
way as as opposed to taking as a useful
way to look at this situation something
that has a you know a practical
functional element to it
kanya was live earlier he did a
livestream on periscope but he's not
even on Twitter anymore but he was
periscoping maybe so
Yi's mind controls go from last night
I'll do that I will watch Kanye's
periscope from last night run with
cultural gravity yeah I'm gonna stick
with that for a while I'm gonna going to
be testing that one and see if it gets
any any weight oh he's back on Twitter
good okay I'm definitely going to watch
Kanye's mind control periscope that's
got to be great I can't wait all right I
think we've said everything we're gonna
say I'm gonna sign off for now and I
will talk to you later