hey everybody I hope this sound is
better this time if it's not we're gonna
afford you have anyway with what with
what we have I want to give you a little
tutorial on crypto wallets and crypto
exchanges and where your money lives on
the Black team for people who really are
not familiar with this world but one I
want to get an overview and then I'm
going to introduce my special guest
after I give you a quick overview all
right if you have any kind of
cryptocurrency whether it's Bitcoin
Ruthie reom or any of the hundreds of
other points your money lives as zeros
and ones on the internet is spread
across various servers in a special kind
of database called the block team and
what do you want to pay somebody or
receive money the changes are just
changes in the database so the actual
money just let's spread out across
servers on the internet once you want to
manipulate your money you need something
called a wallet but the wallet is a
misleading curtain because the wallet
doesn't actually hold any money it's
just a piece of software or it could be
a software and hardware unit for a
little extra security they give this
like a viewer that lets you look into
the cloud see your money and then change
change it's addresses essentially so
that you could pay somebody by assigning
your money to someone else or vice versa
so money never lives in the wallet
that's just a piece of software for
accessing the money whether it doesn't
it likewise if you wanted to to exchange
your cryptocurrency for some other kind
of 50
you can need something called an
exchange and my special guests all
introduced in the moment will tell you
more about that and that would allow you
to change for example from a when token
to a Bitcoin to an aetherium that sort
of thing so you can make those kinds of
transitions the my startup which you've
heard that before has an app called the
interface app it's available in all the
app stores already for both Apple and
Android and it allows you to connect to
an expert and pay that expert either in
cash or crypto if you want if you want
to use crypto and there'll be lots of
reasons you might want to do that you
might already have cryptocurrency and
you're looking to spend it you might
want to keep something off of your
credit card already you might want to
not be able to banks you might be in
another country you not deal with tax
tax stuff the way you would if it goes
to the bank so you might have lots of
reasons why you want to pay in crypto so
in our app whether you buy your tokens
that in our world are called the wet whe
n it's our own crypto currency that like
others lives in the internet but you can
use them to pay experts who are
available in real time like right now
you just say where's my expert right now
and you're connected with the live video
call now we have a wallet also think of
it as if you were to see your money you
move it around built into the app or you
can have a separate wallet you could
have as many wallets as you want because
remember the wallets are not holding
money they're just viewers to look at
the money that's spread across the
internet with a special database called
the blockchain alright so you should all
check out the interface app what I want
to tell you about this is that if you've
seen that if
I see oh you know that a lot of
companies including mine have issued
their own coin or token and they do it
for a variety of reasons most of the ICS
are nothing but an idea in a white paper
so somebody writes a document that says
if I had money and if I knew how to make
things I would make something and it
would be valuable and then they issue a
coin that's very speculative if you're
if you're buying one of those coins a
little bit safer but by no means I would
call this an investment by the way
nothing you hear here nothing you hear
here is an investment advice because
these are not investments they are
things which can go up in value or down
in value but they don't qualify as
investments and they're not safe in the
event a normal investment pretty-pretty
something so this is your overview if
you've got the interface app you can you
can talk to experts you can pay them in
our coins you can change those coins for
other crypto and from there you can turn
it into cash in a few places that will
do that for you I would like to
introduce now my special guest chas
darzee I'm gonna bring them over on this
device or maybe I'll turn this this way
and see what works how that works and
Chas is founder of coin pulse the change
that my startup is now will be part of
in in a few weeks and jazz say hi to my
periscope and it says how long has Point
pulse been around okay so we started
this project back in November 2017 when
we are at robbed our tokens
it was a BCH back then which is CPX now
so we started this project in November
2017 we had a community of around 15,000
members at that time we took coin purse
is actually an exchange a global digital
currency trading platform which is built
based on users suggestions users meaning
community suggestions so each and every
so so that's what makes your exchange
different from others is that yes it's
built from the ground up by user
suggestions including what coins you you
have on the exchange right yes yes so we
took suggestions from the community
members and each and every feature that
we have added today is all from the
community and what's the difference
between a centralized exchange which you
are and a decentralized exchange why
does somebody want one over the other
okay so in decentralized exchange user
will have control over response and each
and every transaction that user does
goes through blockchain but on
centralized exchange you just pay
trading three you just deposit oneself
and start trading by paying credit free
to the exchange which is usually cheaper
and so they then decentralized exchange
so the centralized is cheaper and is it
also safer is it more secure it depends
like we are using multi single bond it's
for our exchange and over ninety percent
of all the coins are storing cold
storage so which is not at all hackable
so it depends what technologies
exchanges are used and so how many how
many coins do you have on the exchange
man so currently we have about nine to
ten points
those are majority of them are standard
coins as of today so thank you you know
Bitcoin litecoin triple G cash - then we
have our
own token which is called CPX then based
on our voting page we have added two
more points which is what one of them is
hydro and the other one is a photo and
soon I'll give the dates when the the
coin the point that my startup has
issued will be listed so that on August
15th will be listed on coin pulse but
that just means you can put your when
coins in there and it won't be till
September 20th that'll be active for
trading so those people who are experts
on the interface app can can earn their
web coins or they can be cash but if
they are win points they can trade them
in on point pulse now the value of your
coins
can you explain what what determines
their value howdy how do you know how
much you'll be able to trade them for in
other words it's a market based value
right so yeah so value is actually
determined by buyers and sellers so it's
all on traders depends on what price
they want to buy or sell a particular
coin for so on day one when when the
when our coin is listed its value could
be you know much higher or much lower
than it would be a week later so it
depends on what the market is right now
in our case because the the coin or
token as we call it which would be
technically more accurate it's a utility
token because it's it's used in our app
and there's a limited number of them by
design and people need them in order to
use the app the demand over time should
go up as the app is more popular because
they need these tokens to use the app
and then that should in theory but
they're no guarantee
of course that should make the value of
them go up when people put them on the
exchange is that it was that accurate
yes Betsy
you know if supply is less the money is
definitely going to go up and that will
also have impact on its price so yeah I
expect it to go up so of all the icos
that are out there and there must be
thousands of them would you say are
there hundreds or thousands of icos and
just in the past year but I would say
would you say that 90% or more than more
than 90% were based on just an idea just
a white paper with when nobody's
actually built a product what what
percentage of all the ICS were not based
on the product they had yeah been built
is it most
there are actually only few projects
whew I see use that we'll have their own
project already ready for the users when
they are doing their I see you
so when definitely as it's project ready
for the users right so this is something
unique for an ICU so while I don't make
any investment advice and owning icos
is or owning points is not an investment
per se it is safe to say that if you
would buy if you're trying to hold a
portfolio of different ICO coins
you probably want something in your
portfolio that's a product that's
already built and then the second big
thing and I think you'll agree Chazz is
to be able to get on an exchange because
that's the that's really hard so it's
not automatic that you could ever ever
get out of exchange so most of these I
SEOs are creating coins that are just
random they can't be used
thing ever but we have a product product
that's being used already it's in the
stores and it and and will be on the
exchange we've already scheduled for
that lung point pulse so certainly
that's you should consider that type of
coin there can't be them anything or
that kind of token so what else do we
need to know about in exchange so how
hard is it to use let's say you've never
used one and it's a it's a webpage
you've got a coin pulse I oh I I assume
that you're just signing up with your
credentials yes and and then I
understand that even the users had a lot
of input on the user interface to make
it as easy as possible and so they
should be able to work their way through
it the first time they use it probably
but if they if they need an extra help
they could go to youtube and just Google
yes or just search within YouTube for a
coin pulse and you'd find a little
youtube tutorial yeah alright and I'm
dying to ask how hard was it to build an
exchange like just just from the startup
perspective like how many people did it
take you know if you did it in in less
than a year which is amazing for any
startup yeah but how hard is it was it
was it crazy hard yeah it was really
very tithing on my end and I used to
spend around you know 17 to 18 hours
daily since last 3 to 4 months on this
development part and in our team we had
we have actually around tender process
of today
they have been with us since inception
so and developers then now we have
support team listing team we have a
bunch of people doing the research on
various coins or tokens that they want
to get listed on the exchange so
altogether we have about
thirty people in our team regarding
development as I as I mentioned I used
to spend so many hours not just me but
my entire team and every day we used to
finish you know new hurdle like one
feature will work and something will go
wrong try it test it again be tested
without it it means it carry gram
channel so it was really you know very
difficult time but so Sony it worked out
well for us it's all up and working in
your you're in you're in the right place
at the right time and the right time in
history it sounds like so so Chaz I
think we'll keep this short because
people have short attention spans but
thank you so much for joining me and for
helping me explain this this world and
it's coin pulse dot IO you'll see the
when tokens listed on August 15th and
available for trade on September 20th
this is 2018 if anybody's watching this
I'm Luke like and that's all for today
bye