well we got a lot to talk about
today so let me make sure I got my notes
and I got
my comments all working
here
yeah we got it all working
today that's what I'm talking
about we're doing TV time now where all
the time is weird
little
[Music]
better good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
your experience up to levels and nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is a
copper mug or glass of Anor chalice th a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like
coffee join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine of the day
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it's
going to happen right now yeah
exactly
oh all right Universe has been reset
everything things
good of course we'll talk about the
president's speech but first um I was
trying out grock's voice mode today so I
guess if you have the app I think it's
only on the app the the special app for
grock it's free the voice mode so you
can have conversations with it but you
can set it for what kind of voice you're
getting back so you can set it for an
assistant mode where it's you know just
kind of friendly and healthy
but it's got sexy mode and it's got
romantic
mode and it's got argumentative
mode and I'm trying to figure out how to
make them all work at the same time so
it feels like a
wife all right well I'll let I'll let
that just sit there for a while but uh
looks fun it's worth a
try um I don't know if it's happened yet
but Commerce Secretary Howard lutnick
who I'm liking a lot by the way have you
heard lotnik
talk you know there's some people that
you just hear them talk and you say are
you really that smart you talk like a
smart person lotnik is one of those when
he talks I think huh I can see how you
got rich makes sense you're pretty
smart anyway he's uh he's saying that
the tariffs on Mexico and uh and Canada
probably are going to be resolved
meaning that there'll be some kind of
Middle Ground meaning there's some kind
of accommodation meaning we'll figure
out how to work with each other uh as
soon as
today now in theory that should have
been good for the stock markets but
we'll see there's a lot of roing going
on so in
theory um the the tariffs which were big
25% on everything but uh energy I think
um they were really just to
get some kind of uh little extra energy
for an agreement especially about
stopping the fenal trade so one could
imagine if Canada and or Mexico said
wait wait in stud of these terrible
tariffs how about we do a little bit
more stopping that fenel and then that
would be something you could negotiate
with So in theory we'll have some kind
of accommodation there but you it might
be optimistic to say it's going to
happen today but lotnik I think was
warning the
markets to not you know don't
incorporate this in some kind of a
permanent situation so that was exactly
the right thing to do he might be off on
how quickly they can resolve it but uh
maybe not you know maybe it's just one
day it's
possible meanwhile the premier of
Ontario in Canada has uh can Elon musk's
starlink I I feel like companies keep
punishing or countries keep punishing
themselves well we're going to cut off
our own access to really inexpensive
internet take that all right okay uh
it's also funny to me that people think
that it's obvious that Elon Musk has
some way to
monetize being involved this involved in
the Trump
Administration if I can give you any
business um advice at all it goes like
this associating yourself with Trump
pretty much guarantees you lose half of
your
Market nobody who understands anything
about business would have said you know
what you know what would be really good
for business
is if I associate with you know half of
the country instead of the whole
country there was no
way that must didn't understand that it
would be risky just to throw in for once
it doesn't even matter matter which side
it would work either way but I feel like
the Democrats don't understand enough
about business to know that if you're
good at business you wouldn't do this
for business reasons the only the only
way it makes sense for Elan to be so
involved for business reasons is because
he thinks he needs to save the entire
country which given that it's America it
would have a big ripple effect on the
rest of the world elon's trying to save
the world now if you say oh I think he's
only trying to save the world because
he'll make money I say you're a freaking
idiot saving the world is is good enough
you don't need a you don't need a reason
on top of it I'm going to save the world
but I figured out a way to get a grift
out of this I've got a schem working
that once I've saved the world I think
I'm going to make Revenue with my
existing
companies yes that's exactly what he's
going to do he's he's going to make
Revenue in his existing companies if he
can save the whole freaking world
because it is an exist ential threat and
doge is the only thing that has any
chance of
preserving America America doesn't have
a chance this is an existential risk the
debt and there's only one person who has
the balls and maybe the capability we
hope to actually make a difference on
the debt so so there's that anyway Trump
gave his big speech which is not a state
of the union because he's only just got
there so I guess the first one is more
just a
speech so uh he pushed the Golden Age
theme which I love and he pushed the
common sense Revolution that he says
is wait I just saw something go
by all
right um and
uh the common sense re ution that he
says is now part of a global
movement now I love that because it's
really hard for anybody in any country
to be opposed to Common Sense in order
to be opposed to Common Sense you'd have
to I what dress all in pink and wear
stupid
signs okay Democrats can be opposed to
common sense because they they literally
found a way to agree with only the 20%
issues where 80% of the country is on
one side but they're like oh no we can't
be on Trump's side with the 80% of the
public so watch
this and uh I guess Trump talked about
energy and all the energy stuff he's
doing and um something about egg
prices have you noticed that everybody
wants egg prices to go down but nobody
has any idea how that would happen now I
get the energy prices would be good for
everything but is Trump doing anything
for egg prices directly I'm not aware of
it do the Democrats have a alternative
egg plan you know what I'd love I'd love
for Trump to say you know what it really
is hard to get egg prices down uh would
any of you Democrats like to work with
me to come up with a egg price reduction
plan because I'd love to see your
thinking
what no oh the pink dresses is is that
how you bring the egg prices down no no
is it the little signs that you hold up
is it the weird protests is it uh
funding Charities that we've never heard
of in other countries what what is your
plan for bringing down the egg prices so
if I were Trump I would see if he could
get the Democrats to commit to an egg
price reduction scheme and then he can
react to it and say you know what it's
actually a pretty good idea let's do it
or that's the dumbest thing I've ever
heard in my life there's got to be a
better way so let me let me put this
challenge out to the public and I'd love
to see Trump uh do something like it
just ask the public what would you do uh
actually maybe this is even an Elon Musk
thing or maybe it could start with him
how do you reduce egg
prices I mean have more chickens and you
know the obvious stuff but is there
anything the government can do that
makes sense that would lower your egg
prices subsidize them I don't
know I love to hear it and then uh the
other thing that was a big surprise to
me and the speech was Trump's going big
on American ship building we'll talk
about that separately
um but here's what I
loved Trump starts his speech by saying
quote I could find a cure to the most
devastating disease a disease that would
wipe out entire nations or announce the
answer the answers to the greatest
economy in the history or the stoppage
of crime to the lowest level ever
recorded and these people sitting right
here will not clap will not stand and
serve will not cheer for these
astronomical achievements now these are
imaginary achievements but and and then
he went on uh so Democrats sitting
before me just just this one night why
not join us in celebrating so many
incredible wins for America for the good
of our nation let's work together and
let's truly make America great
again now obviously they weren't going
to do that because they came there to be
uh protesters and you know ruining his
flow uh but what he did was he he framed
them he basically framed them so instead
of I'm giving a speech and they think
I'm a big old liar and so they're trying
to trying to make a point he framed them
as not even able to agree with things
you everybody should agree with now do
you think that they proved at sometime
during the night that the Democrats
prove him right by showing that there
were things that anybody should agree
with just anybody should agree with and
did they disagree with that one thing
that anybody should have agreed with yes
they did they fell exactly into his
frame they fell into the frame of
finding the one thing the one thing that
nobody nobody could disagree
with they found a way and it was when he
introduced the
13-year-old boy who had survived um I
guess brain cancer as a kid you know had
a real tough tough start in
life but the little kid who and it's
important to the rest of the story was
black and is still black and uh the kids
there with his father who looked awesome
looked like I I assume that was his
father who looked like you know just
this great supportive dad who'd gotten
him to this point and I guess the son
really like police officers wanted to be
one and I think he'd gotten some
honorary you know police officer badges
or something from various police
departments who were just being
supportive of the fact that he just
loved police and uh so Trump comes up
with this idea of having him in the
audience um telling his story and
there's nothing political about it it's
literally just awesome kid survived a
ter horrible thing loves the police and
the police showing love back so so uh
Trump announces that they're going to
make him part of the Secret Service now
obviously these are ceremonial kind of
positions and uh I I think he had that
new head of the Secret Service go up
there and and give him basically an ID
you know like a little wallet ID thing
that says he's part of the Secret
Service and then there was a moment
that was the best moment so I think the
kid's name was DJ and the kid just looks
at it he's just like blown away it's
like the happiest thing it's just what
he loves and he just goes in for the hug
he just grabs this this guy you never
met this uh you know this white guy
who's just the head of the Secret
Service I believe and the 13-year-old
just grabs him and hugs him like hugs
him cheek to cheek and and then you see
the the uh the head of the Secret
Service I guess I guess that's who he
was if you know his name give it to me
I'll say it um he's loving it like it's
just this moment where there just two
human beings having a genuine
hug and it was
great so what do you think the Democrats
did to
that it was really the ultimate trap it
was the ultimate ultimate trap there was
this little moment was first of all it
you know it was
contrived contrived in the sense that
Trump knew that if you put these
elements together it's going to be an
emotional impact so it was contrived in
that way but it was also completely
genuine in the sense that the emotions
of the kid and the emotions of the the
gentleman who gave him the uh the Little
Secret Service ID these those were real
emotions and there was spontaneity to it
and it was genuine it was authentic even
even given this the setup which was
artificial uh Shan
kin is that the name of the uh Secret
Service guy yeah so it this beautiful
moment so uh then on
MSNBC yeah
you switch to MSNBC and they're they're
trying to find something wrong with
it and uh Rachel madow she's she's got
some damn thing she she's acting like
Trump's taking credit for curing the
kid's brain cancer so she's all
disgusted 80% of the entire country is
like oh my God that was good like that's
a moment that's what I like to see
and they've got to be on the other side
of it and so uh what did Nicole Wallace
say I have to find the Nicole Wallace
thing I'm jumping ahead
here
uh uh it was my favorite moment anyway
she had some complaints about it we'll
get to that Nicole Wallace um
so now I don't think that this is the
most important part of the speech but it
was hilarious how he he set the frame
and set the Trap and then they fell
right into it
anyway um then uh representative
green who's a Democrat that you might
recognize as the one who always wants to
impeach Trump on his first day of office
so I think he's put he's put in for a
bunch of impeachment acts um but he gets
up and I guess he started yelling but he
wasn't microphone so on video it didn't
look like he was was making much of a
dent but he was he didn't he refused to
sit down and then I'm watching a Speaker
of the House Johnson who's sitting
sitting behind the president for the
speech with JD Vance in the back and uh
Johnson you you you could see him
getting ready for action because it
would be his job to you know get order
in the house and and so I see him reach
over and he turns his microphone toward
himself and I'm like oh it's on
it's on this is going to be good and I I
was more interested in how he did it
like you know could he pull it off in a
dignified way you know could he get you
know Green to sit
down and what I saw was even better than
that like he waited and then he he he
gaves in and it looked like Trump was
sort of expecting it and so Trump stands
back and and just lets it happen uh and
uh
then representative Johnson you gbls in
and then he reads he reads something
that he had prepared obviously that said
something like you know the the members
will show decorum and in the the room
blah blah blah and that didn't make a
difference so green just kept yelling
and then then he Johnson said uh you
know essentially uh if if we can't
restore order you know the sergeant in
army will be asked to restore order now
that kind of means escort him
out but uh that didn't take so so he had
to do it again and eventually the
sergeant sergeants at arm I guess came
down and just sort of
gently guided representative green out
who and I'm sure green was expecting it
because he you know he was pushing it to
try to get the maximum
effect but here's what I like the best
um I figured out who would be the best
casting for the next Starship Captain
for Star Trek you know there's always
another Star Trek spin-off
but representative
Johnson he has the Perfect Starship
Captain voice it's just such a command
voice I just absolutely love to hear him
talk but we usually hear them talk about
boring you know budget things and
diplomatic things and stuff but when he
when he had to
talk um I won't say like a tough guy but
rather like a captain he he talked like
a captain it was matter of fact but it
was powerful it was forceful he didn't
leave any wiggle room you know there was
no no upt talk in it he basically just
laid it out this is what's going to
happen if you do it again you'll be
removed it was excellent it was just it
was just great TV
by the way the whole thing was great TV
I don't think I've ever
anticipated one of these types of
speeches as much as this uh if you were
watching from the very beginning like
every there seemed to be like a almost
an electricity in the air I was watching
a little CNN before it went live you
know before Trump actually showed up and
even CNN seemed to be buzzing with some
kind of energy that wasn't typical
certainly wouldn't have had with Biden
so then Melania does her her uh entry
and I'm thinking to myself when was the
last time a first lady did an entry that
was that perfect for the show just sort
of perfect like she she just has that
elegance and Grace kind of thing going
on that's unusual so she's perfect the
the setup is perfect the lighting the
room the camera work uh the just the
anticipation the buzzing and then Trump
comes in and and starts working and
there's this protester with Lil sign uh
one one of the pink dressed women's you
know gets up so that As Trump has to
work his way through the aisle to get up
to the
podium um you're forced to see her with
her little sign and her sign says this
is not normal on this little white sign
but the funny thing is it looked like it
could be talking about herself as much
as Trump so that part was funny yeah
this is not normal I I guess some
Republican grabbed it out of her hand
and and just tossed it or
something I don't even know if that's
legal can you grab something out of
somebody's
hand but I I didn't see it on camera
they're grabbing out of the hand
part but that was funny uh and I didn't
I at first I didn't know why Trump gave
the stink eye to somebody because he was
he was sort of glad handing and saying
hi to everybody and then he did this
look to the right and just gave this
look and then looks away and I think he
was looking at The Pink Suit lady anyway
um what else happened so basically you
know I've been uh making fun of the uh
the Democrats for not being
authentic where Trump is completely
owning the authentic it you know part of
the argument and uh so the Democrats in
order to be more authentic they have
this entire theater kid skit they're
trying to put on a like a competing play
so that they get more attention than
Trump does so they're dressing all in
pink and they got their little the
little signs that they say stuff like
musk
[Laughter]
steals even the little signs are stupid
so they got this little douche baggy
signs and their little douche baggy uh
pink pink
outfits and CNN did an instant poll to
see how the public was taking it
especially the Democrats interrupting
and 80% 80% said the Democrats
interrupting was inappropriate it means
they couldn't even they couldn't even
get their own team on their
side they were so just so wrong in every
way and then CBS News yugov did a poll
and found that 76% of the viewers
approved of trump speech
76% how in the hell do you get 76% to
approve of any president
speech is that even real now I realize
these are not the most scientific polls
they're kind of instant polls but even
even a non-scientific instant poll if
it's on CBS or if it's on
CNN you sort of expect it to lean in One
Direction but it leaned pretty hard in
the other direction so the whole 8020
thing kicked in
again the Democrats found the only thing
they could have
done which 80% of the public would
disagree
with in the context of being the the
party that's being accused of always
being on the wrong side of every 8020
they created a whole new topic which is
you know the disturbance of the
president's speech and they turned it
into an 8020 against themselves while
they're being accused of being the the
the idiots who can't F Grand an 020
topic it could not have been funnier
anyway so all the theater kids got
together and put on their little
douchebag uh
play
and and it didn't work out uh and then
Trump um you know of course I've always
been a big fan of Trump's
nicknames but I have to be honest there
was one nickname that when he first came
up with it I felt you know this doesn't
feel like it's up to his usual standard
and I never I just didn't embrace
it and it was
Pocahontas now I'm not sure why I didn't
like it I guess it was maybe I know fter
was too on the nose or somehow
disrespectful to Native Americans or
something I don't know I didn't have a
specific complaint but that one I felt
like you know not really on
point but what I've learned is that if
you stay in character and you
relentlessly stay in character and you
just never leave your character which is
what Trump does better than anybody uh
you can eventually normalize anything
and Trump has normalized his nickname
thing to the point where if he didn't do
it you'd be disappointed and my my best
analogy to this is uh uh uh John
mackenro tennis player so if you're not
old enough to remember John mackenro was
a like a bad boy brat always complaining
about the refs and yelling stuff like
you can't be serious and and everybody
loved to hate him because it was just so
inappropriate you're not supposed to do
that you know tennis is supposed to be
you know a dignified sport sort of like
politics politics is supposed to be a
dignified thing but you know there's
Trump giving all these nicknames uh
nicknames and there's Mack androe
yelling at refs oh you don't yell at
refs at every little call you don't like
come on but eventually since Mack androe
was just always ma androe by the time he
was playing the senior tour
he'd have to throw in some complaints
even if he didn't care because people
expected it it was just part of the act
so once once you are Relentless and
you're authentic authentic is the thing
mackenro was authentic he really felt
the things he was saying and he really
had and everything about it was just him
that was just his personality so
Trump has this personality that if
you're first first exposed to it you go
whoa whoa whoa whoa what's going on here
that's way too far you've gone way too
far but by the time he got to
the the essentially a state of the union
that wasn't one because he just
started he's in the most dignified room
in the world doing the most dignified
thing you could ever do which is a
presidential address and he starts
talking about Ukraine and how some
people want you know Ukraine to last
forever
and then he he calls out Pocahontas he
goes well you know maybe
Pocahontas and by the time by the by the
time he throws a Pocahontas into the
State of the
Union you just have to surrender to it
you have to just give
up yeah you have to
go all
right you you just have to you just have
to give up and you just got to go
okay she's Pocahontas there's nothing we
could do about it and now it's just
funny and and and somehow he normalized
that to the point where
where you just couldn't complain about
it and even she tried to smile when the
camera hit
her uh I don't know if she was smiling
on the inside but uh I'd like to think
that even Elizabeth Warren could
understand the moment and uh that was
funny anyway so
then uh one of Trump's moments was he
started talking about the potential for
fraud in the government spending he was
talking about the social security list
of people who were getting Social
Security and he starts with you know
there they I don't know over 4 million
million people who are getting paid from
Social Security he says who are over 100
and but younger than
109 and you hear that number you're like
holy cow all those people they might be
getting it now let me say I don't know
if that means that people are getting
paid it might mean that there's just a
data error in the database and some
other database you know corrects for it
somewhere else so I'm not sure that it's
an indic
of of actual crime or
corruption but what it definitely is is
something that everybody can understand
when he talks about it which is what
makes Trump special like even his
critics will say we got to find somebody
who talks like the people Trump talks
like the
people and and he's just so good at it
that this is another example so then he
starts going to the list he like like
and then you've got this many people on
this age and he just keeps getting older
and older in the ages so he gets to like
the middle of his list he's like between
the ages of 160 and 169 and now it's
just hilarious because everybody knows
you know maybe there's somebody who's
over a hundred you know there could be
people over a 100 who are collecting
Social Security but there's nobody over
160 and certainly not 120 1,000 of them
and then he just keeps going and till he
gets to U like people who I guess it was
one person over 300 years
old according to the database not
reality now again it's it's not my
understanding that we know for sure that
these are indications of Fraud and I've
heard an argument that they're not but
everybody understands that if your big
database of who should be getting money
has errors like this in it you've got a
problem now the problem might be you
need better data or the problem might be
there's massive corruption going on and
and this is showing where some of it is
but uh apparently Bernie Sanders did his
own response video that nobody
wanted and nobody wanted hear Bernie
Sanders he wasn't the official response
person because that was uh slotnick who
did it later but Bernie makes his own
video and and he decides to focus on the
part about the social security ages and
so Bernie is now joined the Crazy Eyes
uh part of the Democrat Party where
where his eyes are literally like crazy
they're all crazy and and he goes nobody
nobody who is 150 years old or 200 years
old or 300 years old is receiving Social
Security checks
now uh
Bernie I don't know why I need to
explain this to you but I don't think
Trump's point was that we have a lot of
really old people in America who are
receiving Social
Security it wasn't his point that there
are real people who are 300 years old
who have received a lot of Social
Security no his point was either the
data is bad and that's a problem or
there might be some corruption indicated
by this but the best that birding can do
is
to is to emphatically remind us that
nobody nobody who's 150 years old or 200
years old or 300 years old is receiving
Social Security
checks now he looked like he was
suffering dementia
so I'm just going to put it out there I
don't you know I'm no medical expert but
everybody reaches an age where things
don't work so well and I have to say
Bernie looks like he's reached that age
so imagine being a de imagine being a
Democrat and watching Trump do this you
know master class and Showmanship that
was really First Rate I mean it was good
and and then you like oh okay he was
good we'll give him that uh we we we
will acknowledge that Trump knows how to
put on the show okay all right we're
going to give him that but watch this
watch when our crack field of Democrats
you takes him down and then Bernie comes
on oh there's nobody who's 300 years
old and you're just sitting there saying
oh god oh no shoot me oh God why do I
have to be on this team
so that was
great uh and other news on the uh speech
um Trump said that uh he got a letter
from zalinski that he just got before
the speech I guess and he said the
letter reads uh Ukraine is ready to come
to the negotiating table as soon as
possible to bring lasting peace closer
so that's Trump quoting the letter and
Trump said I appreciate that he sent
this letter uh I just got a little while
ago now if if you remember what Trump
said he said you're not ready for this
minerals deal because you're still
talking about like War lasting forever
and you you're just not ready for Peace
So I need something that says I want to
make peace really
soon and zalinski gets the message and
he sends a thing that says he's ready to
come to the table to bring lasting peace
closer as soon as possible so that's
what he needed lasting peace soon as
possible put that in the letter send me
the letter let me read the letter and
then we're
good then then something can happen I
love the clarity of that the the clarity
was perfect because Trump said exactly
what was wrong he told him exactly how
to fix it and if he fix fix that peace
to
Ukraine and so zalinski
finally it couldn't have been more clear
exactly what he needed to do put exactly
those words in a letter sent it exactly
to him Trump gave him the credit that
you know he essentially had promised if
you can do this things will be good and
then Trump did the thing which we love
Trump
about is that uh although his enemies
call him
transactional those who are not his
enemies call him a
dealmaker he likes making deals so if
you can just get on the frame of we're
going to make a deal and you don't be
ridiculous about it we're going to make
a deal so maybe back on track we'll see
where that
goes
um so uh most of the speech was a more
let's say I don't want to say anti-china
cuz that it feels like the wrong frame
but
rather I'd say framing China as the
biggest challenge to America in the
future the near future starting today
and I didn't catch anything that was
anti-russian
uh but I did I did fall asleep during
part of it was there any anti-russian
stuff in the spe
cuz I don't think there was which would
be sort of a sort of a change from you
know normal presidents lately certainly
would be a change from
Biden uh but there was a whole bunch of
um again I don't want to say anti-china
but let's say uh taking China seriously
as the uh other big Power in the
world and so he had tariffs on China and
of course China is going to respond to
the tariffs uh he talked about building
a missile
defense um you could argue that that you
know includes anybody who might send a
missile but who are we really worried
about uh we shouldn't be worried about
anybody attacking the Homeland but I
wouldn't mind having a missile defense
just in
case um he talked about the Panama ports
and resting control from China they got
a little too much control there he
talked about putting a tax on Chinese
ships who come into port in America he
talked about taxes on Chinese cranes I
guess the cranes that load and unload
the
containers um and he talked about um
putting
America heavily back into the ship
building business both Commercial and
Military now here's another one of those
things
where I wonder if this is one of those
cases where somebody smart said
something and it bubbled all the way up
to the presidency and turned into policy
because that only happens with Trump
trump has the best network of geniuses
at this point people who are just really
really smart who say really really smart
stuff and the smart stuff bubbles all
the way up to the top and and then it
makes a difference because it was only
was it a week or two I saw an ax there
was a post by I think it was
bason who would be one of the smartest
people in the country frankly and uh he
was talking about the difference in ship
building capability of China versus
basically everybody else in the world so
China has built this massive ship
building
capability and it's both for commercial
vessels and um military vessels now and
that America had sort of deprecated
deprecated its own ability so I think we
have very little ability to build ships
at the moment relative to China so if we
want to have any influence over the
oceans and that's a big part of the
globe is the ocean and if you want to be
you know selling and buying stuff all
over the world you're going to need a
lot of military ability in the ocean
so Trump has uh has made that a priority
to uh to become a major ship Builder and
and I kind of wonder if that came from
you know one post on
X um because it was such a stark and
shocking set of data that I'd never
heard before I had no idea that we were
basically not good at building ships
anymore and that China had become really
good at it which is scary that's a
that's a real scary thing so it's
possible that that was just one of those
things again or it might be that you
know maybe a lot of people were aware of
it and turned it into a
thing all right so
um I'm kind of excited about that
because uh to the extent that we can do
anything with tax breaks or whatever it
is to make ship building big I think
that's exactly the right Instinct and it
doesn't have to be alra
military because yeah we're going to be
you know living on the sea and doing a
lot in the sea for a long
time um I saw a summary of Trump's
speech by David Sachs I'll just read it
because it's a good
summary um so saak said uh this was the
theme of the night Democrats sat Sullen
faac as president Trump described one
sensible policy after another Democrats
took the 20% side of every 8020 issue
Trump even explained the Trap that
Democrats were about to fall into and
they still fell into
it yeah as I said
earlier
anyway oh here's the Nicole Wallace
thing so Nicole Wallace after the speech
said uh you know the that she had lots
of good feelings about the the kid DJ
the one who uh got the Secret Service
badge there and you know she had the
normal good feelings about it it's good
but then she goes quote uh about DJ
quote I hope he has a long life as a law
enforcement officer but I hope he never
has to defend the United States capital
against Donald Trump's
supporters and then she says this is
wild and if he does I hope he isn't one
of the six who loses his life to SU
[Laughter]
Sude it's like is there any
way they could lose harder than that
they just had to dig really deep to find
some problem with that anyway and then
uh the response came from Alis Senator
Lisa
slen of uh of
Michigan and I didn't know she was a
former CIA agent
so anyway she was complaining about the
the Doge employees having access to tax
returns and health information and your
bank account
um but the thing the the thing that
people get wrong about human motivation
the Democrats get this wrong about human
motivation is when you talk about the
richest man in the
world um what would be the the worst
thing you could do
business-wise from a risk management
perspective what would be the worst
thing that the richest man in the world
could
do the worst thing would be to say that
you're trying to help the government you
know with cutting costs but really you
you get caught doing something that's
the opposite like
stealing that's the worst thing that
could happen you would lose
everything what what person who's the
richest person in the world would get
involved in anything that would have a
gigantic gigantic downside risk now
what's the upside
risk he's already the richest man in the
world probably is on his way to be the
first trillionaire do you know what he
could do if he wanted to stay the
richest man in the world and even get
richer stay on of politics
completely but nobody in their right
mind who is already in that position
financially would would create a
situation where everybody's watching and
if he did something insane like you try
to try to use his access to steal money
from the
government how could that be
Dumber so watching people look at one of
the smartest people in the country and
richest musk and assuming that he would
do the dumbest thing that anybody would
possibly do in that situation
is so
pathetically
dumb that you I almost don't have words
to describe it yeah I just shake my head
and think
okay I don't know how you think that
that would make sense in his world in
fact if I had to make a list of all the
people in the planet that I would trust
the most if I lost my
wallet it would be Elon Musk
if you dropped your wallet on the
sidewalk and he was the first one to
find
it the chance of you getting it back
with all of the money in it is
100% first of all he wouldn't let you
not get your wallet back like you'd give
it to somebody say make sure they get
this wallet back and secondly there
isn't any chance he's going to steal any
money from it none zero
chance so that's how I feel about him in
the government it's hard to imagine
somebody who would be less of a risk now
the Doge employees
themselves um I suppose everybody who
has access to anything has some kind of
risk but you know do I have less trust
in the Doge people than I have in the
government employees who have been there
forever and have access to those same
systems what would be the
reasoning with which I would say oh the
regular employees of the government are
all honest and good people but the Doge
people or
not like what would be any evidence that
we
increased any risk to these
databases I don't know there's just no
connecting tissue because it's not like
nobody had access until Doge did how
many think how many people do you think
have access to all of our
systems it's got to be quite a
few
anyway um
so uh here's some other
stuff um according to
investing.com uh the European Union has
postponed its plans to gradually phase
out Russian
gas so I think you're going to see
Europe there seems to be some kind of a
acknowledgment that Russian energy is
going to be important to Europe and
maybe it'll stay that way now I don't
think that that would happen unless
people saw that Russia and the United
States were moving toward something that
could be a more productive relationship
in the future whatever that looks like
now I have to again
uh and I hate that I always have to put
all the qualifiers on this but I don't
love Putin I understand that you know he
is dangerous I know he's a dictator he's
a murderer I know he's not to be trusted
okay are we good did I say all the right
things now I can just say what I want to
say um
Putin is really good in the persuasion
stuff just really good and the fact that
he's been doing uh joint military
exercises with
China I don't think that means he really
wants to be in any kind of a joint
military action with China like for what
is he going to join China in attacking
Australia
someday I I don't see it is he going to
join China in attacking America
someday it's hard to imagine
that but it's really good for making
sure that America says you know you'd be
better off if you were our friend
instead of China's friend and I think
maybe that's what he always wanted which
is to have China and the United States
fight over who's a better friend to
Putin and I think he got
it I think he accomplished that now you
could say you know Putin is the evil
monster that you want him to be no
argument whatsoever I I'll let you have
your opinion of him and that has nothing
to do with my opinion my opinion is that
just from a pure persuasion perspective
damn he's good he's just really good
and you can't take that away from him
he's got
skills and I do think that that's one of
the things that bonds him with Trump is
that they can see they can see the
player and I think that they really
appreciate that there's somebody who
appreciates them because I'll bet you uh
I'll bet you they have a solid
appreciation of the the skill set of the
other that's what it looks like to
me anyway um there's a story on
uh apparently uh right after the Biden
Administration was about to end but
before it did you already heard this
that $20 billion got funneled into these
you know new Charities and these uh you
know green green Charities that you
never heard of New York Post has a story
about this but Mario Nal did a great job
of summarizing it on X so here are some
of the uh Charities that this $0 billion
got speed
funneled into uh one group is called the
climate United Fund and they Got7
billion uh but has no federal filings or
IRS records so just sort
of
appeared uh and of course you all know
what the climate United Fund does right
because those are three words that sound
good fund United climate I like the
climate but are they United yes they are
united but you're going to need money is
there any kind of a yes there's a fund
climate United Fund and then there's
another one that got $2 billion called
the power forward communities well is
that a good thing how could it not be a
good thing it's got communities right in
the name it's got forward we all want to
move forward not backwards and it's got
power power right in the name and uh
apparently the de Department of Justice
and FBI are now investigating looking at
their bank accounts and such we'll see
what happens
um but here's what I love about the
story I love when you finally see enough
in the news where a pattern can can form
in your
head and the pattern here is that the
most suspicious sounding Charities the
ones that get government money
they all have the following
characteristic they're made up of three
words the name of the organization and
they're three random sounding good words
that if you saw any one of the words
individually you'd say that's a good
word but if you put the three of them
together so you can take these two the
climate United Fund and the power
forward communities both three words
both all good words that don't mean much
but you could you could even interchange
them uh I've just started a charity it's
called the uh communities uh forward
fund or the United power
forward yeah you could basically just
throw it all together and you got you
got your charity name it just has to
sound
good comically suspicious names that's
what I'd have ai looking
for um Social Security Administrations
speaking of them they just said that
they could reduce their own budget by
$800 million per
year now I think there's a ex head of
the secret Social Services who is a
Democrat of course who says uh oh no if
you did that it would only be months
before the entire thing collapsed but I
said to
myself how in the
world is the Social Security
Administration just the administration
not not the payments we're not talking
about the payments that that's a whole
different budget but just the people who
manage the payments how is that so big
that they can cut $800 million out of it
and think it would still work like what
would be
left and doesn't your common sense tell
you that they're way
overstaffed right cuz if you you took
away you know there obviously it's
mostly just data in a computer but how
many special cases are there that you
need that many staff for what is kind of
an automated process because once you've
programmed in what's the current law
okay if you're this age you get this you
know you put it in the rules once you've
done
that uh as as a current recipient of
Social Security I I recently just like
two months ago I think I I uh decided to
turn it on and so they already have all
of my information that I've been paying
forever because they send me reports so
I know that they have it so they have
everything that they need to know about
me and then I fill out some
forms uh and then they know that I want
to get paid they know what to pay me the
computer does no humans need to be
involved and then I get checks which
part of that require a
human Beyond you know setting up the
computers in the first place and I'm
thinking to myself man the only way you
could get to such a large
organization is if you got there sort of
incrementally you know increasing the
budget 10% a year every time you
could but if you were to build this
today from
scratch don't you think it would be six
programmers and
than a big computer
budget like why do you need this many
special cases I don't know maybe it's to
take care of all those people who are
300 years old and collecting checks
according to
Bernie well here's something that's fun
uh John Stewart had offered to interview
Elon Musk but Elon said I got some um
requirements one of the requirements was
it would be unedited
so
unedited um good and I think there was
some other requirement but uh being
unedited I think would be the primary
one and um so it looks like this might
happen because Stuart's agreed to the
conditions um Stuart said uh have think
about his offer meaning unedited I
thought you know hey that's actually how
the uh instit interviews normally air
it's unedited so sure we'd be delighted
and he said he would do it any length of
time which is another thing typically
you wouldn't do on a TV show normally
that there's always that time but this
is a special case so if it if 90 minutes
is the right amount of time they'll do
it 90 minutes if 15 is Right 15 I like
that um but here's what I think about
this this might might
be the best
interview of all
time it has that potential and here's
why
um you you don't have to like John
Stewart um in general you don't have to
like his political
views uh you know you can say what you
want to say about him you could say oh
he's not you know he's a snake in the
grass and he might act reasonable
sometimes but but any minute he could
turn on you whatever you want to say but
here's what I say he as far as I can
tell John Stewart is unwilling to be
stupid in
public I can't watch him privately
probably it's the same but publicly I've
been watching him for a long time and he
doesn't want to act stupid in public and
by that I mean he would not reject
common sense
musk only has Common Sense
only uh the there's probably nobody in
the
world who could do a better job of
saying this is why we're doing it and
this just makes Common
Sense musk is the champion of common
sense I have real reasons here are my
reasons and if you disagree with me I'll
rethink it I like if you have a good
argument I'll rethink it steuart's the
same I believe that steuart if he heard
something he'd never heard before which
is very possible you like an argument
that he just never heard before I think
that he would in real time say okay you
know what that's actually a pretty good
answer and there's
nobody almost nobody in the entire
world that I think is capable of
that and that's a big compliment so it's
a compliment to Showmanship and uh what
I think is public honesty so I think
this could be one of the biggest things
we've ever seen in America because
you're never going to get these two
kinds of personalities sitting down
together uh it just doesn't happen so
the thing about mus is he's not going to
lie and he's going to have a reason for
everything he does and it's going to be
a damn good reason now that doesn't mean
he's never made a mistake
you know I I can't think of one off hand
but humans you know humans make mistakes
and he doesn't say I don't make mistakes
so
musk like John Stewart very unique in
that if John Stuart said in real time
okay but you haven't thought of this or
you haven't thought of that and it was a
good
point I believe you would see um Yan mus
say that's a good point yeah let me
think about that but I think that works
both ways if musk at a good point I
think that Stuart would say okay
actually that's a good point let me
think about it so I've never seen even
the
potential for this much goodness in a
podcast I mean I would I would clear my
schedule to watch this at any length uh
because the uniqueness of the characters
and then the double uniqueness of
putting them together
so I'm yes yes
yes hell yes on this happening I hope it
does could be huge for the
country um Ben chapiro has started a uh
petition to call for the uh pardon of
Derek schauen convicted for killing
George
Floyd
now um I can't say enough about how
impressed I am because you know if you
have things working for you like Ben
chapiro does he's got a good situation
where he's you know respected
commentator um he's got a platform that
looks like it's successful to me and
he's in one of those situations where
you don't take risks this big this is a
big freaking risk to to put your name
you know behind uh the essentially what
would be taking George Floyd from being
a saint down to a more normal situation
and
also um supporting the white guy who got
sent to
Jail uh so this is a big risk but so let
me say this about uh Ben Shapiro this is
brave this is brave it's perfectly timed
oh this is exactly the right time to do
it and it's it's well argued so I've
I've seen his argument it's well argued
and it's absolutely right it's morally
ethically um and in every way that
America cares it's right it's time I'm
all in I'm all
in yeah so I mean I have less to
lose I'm already disgraced so it's not a
big risk for me to say I'm all in but
it's a bigger risk for Ben Shapiro so
all respect to that full
respect um so you probably saw on social
media Chang in the topic um there were
videos of I guess there were 22 Senators
eventually who did what sounded like
identical little videos where it was
just them talking to the camera and they
they each had this little douchebag uh
microphone that doesn't look right when
you're holding it like that and you just
got this little thing in your two little
fingers and you're leaning forward in
your chair and you're talking
passionately and of course the Democrats
are all the theater kids so it all looks
like they were acting but it took about
5 seconds for the internet to say wait a
minute wait a minute you you're not the
only person saying something like that
and then there would be a split screen
and if you watch it developed during the
day in real time it was hilarious
somebody noticed wait a minute there are
two
senators who seem to be doing something
similar and then like an hour later wait
a minute wait a minute it's more than
two I I think there are four of them and
then they show you know the four of them
and they'd be talking at the same time
at pretty much the same
words and then it just kept
increasing until it was like this screen
full of people all talking
at the same time with the same little
message and the same little douchebag uh
microphone and so Elon Musk had posted
that uh he would give a free cyber truck
to whoever could posi positively
identify who wrote it because they were
trying to find the the author who was
behind it but it turns out it was Corey
Booker so Corey Booker organized it and
uh I guess they decided he was the best
they had to try to come up with a social
media strategy because they weren't
happy with their social media strategy
and I guess Chuck Schumer wasn't the
greatest social media leader so they're
like oh we need somebody young and cool
to do our social media so Corey Booker
puts that together which effectively was
all the theater kids doing a play like
what they do
and before I knew who was being behind
it um I decided that it was somebody
either
inexperienced or
young and here's what I picked up this
is sort of a writer trick because for
each of them all 22 of them they had the
same sort of opening
tagline uh that was that ain't true
that's what you just saw so it starts
with a a trump saying he was going to
lower prices on day one and then it
would switch to one of the Senators
saying that ain't true that's what
you just saw I think they may have
bleeped the part or not I don't
know
um so here's the writer's
trick The Writer's trick is this and
maybe it's a communicator's trick as
well you can
swear if you do it
once and it's something that's really
important and you just want to bring it
attention to it or if you're somebody
like Trump who sort of incorporated into
his personality that if he gives a rally
speech he might lay an s bomb on you he
doesn't do
FS uh he but maybe maybe a hell maybe a
damn maybe a you know maybe a maybe an S
so if you use it
judiciously it can be an accent that
works I remember uh several years ago
there was bestelling book I can't
remember it but it had F in the title it
was something F this or I don't know I
forget but it became a best-selling book
and then about a year later I was
walking through a bookstore and there
were all these books with the fword in
the title because they had decided that
maybe what sold that other book was that
had an FW in the title
no no that's not what sold that other
book
no no it probably was a great book and
it had a also a you know attening
getting title but if you take the it's a
great book out of the equation you can't
sell it just because you put an FW in
the title that would be the worst idea
in the world and I don't think the other
books sold sold much they did not become
bestsellers but here if you're going to
do something that you've got 22 Senators
send signing up for you can't put this
artificial swear word in there oh there
it is the subtle art of not giving a f
yeah that thank you that was the
original book and then everybody said oh
it's putting F in the title of my book
that's what will work no nope it was
maybe it was just a good
book um but as soon as I saw that all of
these senators were asked to swear and
it didn't matter what the Senator's
personalities were or if it worked for
them or it was compatible with
their character or their moral or
ethical framing of the world that's just
amateur
time you know anybody who doesn't know
how to use a curse word in
Communications or writing that's amateur
somebody who could use one and get away
with it and make it actually work like
the title of that book that was an
expert that's a great
writer so you could tell right away that
it was amateur work uh I don't know if I
don't know if Cory Booker wrote it I'm
guessing he didn't probably just had
some young
person write it and then the mistake was
to overuse the the sword because why
bother anyway
um watching the Democrats pretend to
understand social media is hilarious
because it used to be that the Democrats
didn't the Democrats sort of control the
youth
vote and now they're so anti- youth I
mean with Pelosi and Schumer and God
that they had to go to Corey Booker to
get their young person and the best he
could come up with was
terrible um so it got it got spotted and
mocked right
away
um and Scott Jennings who you know is
the uh Republican Superstar who appears
on CNN and embarrasses their panel of
idiots every day
um here's how he summed it up he goes
[Music]
um voters we need more authenticity in
our politicians Democrats and then he he
points out the this totally artificial
Communications
so the Democrats need more authenticity
and the closest they could come to it
was making 22 people curse the same
way I don't know how you could get
further from the
mark that was impressively
bad meanwhile the hill is the hill had
an article about how Democrats are
looking for an outsider to run for
president I guess they decided that uh
of their many many Democrat politicians
they didn't have any who were worth a
damn so they've got to look for like an
outsider now remember I just told you
the story about somebody put the FW in
the title of a best-selling book so then
all the dumb people said I've got it
it's the fword in the title of the book
so they they copy the wrong thing and
here again They're copying the wrong
thing Trump won as an
outsider but not because he's an
outsider that's not why he won because
everything he does makes more sense than
his compet I he won because he's
incredibly good at communicating he won
because his policies are really really
popular he won because he's really
really smart and he's Brave beyond
anything we've ever seen in a president
fight fight fight so if you take all of
those qualities of trump let's call it
his skill stack from his his knowledge
how to put on a show to knowing how to
get loyalty to knowing how to make it
deal I mean his skill stack is a mile
high there are very few people who have
assembled anything like the number of uh
skills and knowledge sets that Trump has
acquired over his life and he just keeps
adding to it I mean still at his current
age he's adding skills like he's
learning
crypto Trump could probably already talk
better about crypto than most of the
democratic politicians so if you've got
somebody who's AAR learning machine he
has you know no sense of embarrassment
he's Brave Beyond any anything we've
ever seen in that kind of an office uh
can take incredible shame can can fight
through the lawfare the attempted
assassinations I mean come
on this this is a this is Once In A
Thousand-Year person so what did the
Democrats take away from
that here's what they take away from it
huh it's because he's an outsider we'll
get ourselves an outsider that's not
even close to what's going on you just
have one person with this enormous set
of skills that work together really well
that's why he
wins that's it you can't just go get
yourself one of
those you know you would already know
exactly who it was if one of those
people
existed but they're throwing names like
Mark cub and Stephen A Smith and
Federman
and
[Music]
um I think that there're completely on
the wrong page they're they're in the
end they're going to come up with
whoever they think does the best job of
pretending to be
authentic I think
that's that's the extent of their
visibility of what's going on huh let's
get an outsider who can pretend to be
authentic okay okay now I don't know if
Democrats can ever uh win with a you
know Mark Cuban or a Federman because if
they look like they're too much you know
white
men I just don't know if it works you
know I think Biden might have been the
last dinosaur to to squeak by in the
Democratic
party
anyway uh one of the people who some
think um NBC has an article about this
uh is that Chris Murphy Democrat Chris
Murphy he's been on TV a lot you've seen
him doing a lot of anti-trump stuff and
he's just all over the place but uh the
thinking is that he's already running a
shadow campaign for president now he
would not be an outsider but he would at
least be a let's say um somewhat skilled
Insider but my question is this why why
do the Democrats have so many people who
look like movie
villains CU Chris Murphy you just look
at his eyes and you say to yourself oh
my
God that's like pure
evil now I'm not saying he is I don't
know one way or the other but he has the
look like if he came into the casting
office and you're looking for the most
evil looking person you could ever hire
for your movie I'm pretty sure he would
get the
job
and I don't really know are there a lot
of
Republicans who look like they could be
movie Evil think of John
Brennan right you know John Brennan has
that
face that is a movie Evil face uh who is
a uh Aliana Presley who's got the shaved
head which she pulls off by the way the
shaved head
and uh she wears the Superman villain
outfits which actually look great on her
if I'm judging her from a fashion and
appearance perspective she's actually
terrific I I'm actually impressed she
does a great job of creating a look but
the net effect of the
look is Superman villain uh yeah I've
just never seen so many people in one
party who could be cast as movie
villains like what what is up with
that meanwhile Red State um article by
Bob Hogue is uh talking about how Chuck
Todd who was on NBC forever um was just
dumping on Biden for being a a bad human
being basically uh and he was speaking
with Steve Schmidt who was one of the
co-founders of the Lincoln project
which I think even Steve Schmidt had to
get out of that because it was just so
it was like living in a sphincter he had
to get get away but here's what Chuck
Todd said about
Biden of course it's too little too late
but it's fun to talk about um he goes I
have to tell you something about Joe
Biden there's this mythology about Joe
Biden that the man cared so much it's
all bull
 um and then Todd said that
Biden had created this myth over his
40-year career that he was an incredible
Family
Man and instead what he really was was a
craven political animal that was
desperate uh that considered a run for
president every four years he was
eligible now I think part of the uh part
of the complaint was he had some family
issues some addicts in the family and
the thinking was that his family needed
him more than the the country maybe but
uh it's interesting to say to watch
Chuck Todd talk that way about Biden and
I think what you're going to find is
that every day that goes by will be
another Democrat saying okay Biden was
just the worst train wreck in the
history he was never good behind closed
doors he was a monster you're just going
to hear the worst things and it's just
beginning it's going to get
worse meanwhile and I believe this
Bloomberg's reporting that the Pentagon
denied a
report um that there was a halt in cyber
operations versus Russia now remember I
talked about this uh maybe yesterday and
I was thinking that maybe if it were
true that it was just offensive
operations and that it might have been a
mutual thing and maybe it was a trust
building thing with Russia to see if we
can get to a bigger deal but it's more
likely since uh I guess secretary P
heg didn't didn't do it so he I think
heg Seth denied that there was any
change in
cyber versus
Russia so if heg Seth denies it I'm a
I'm going to believe him and it didn't
really I guess the report didn't have
the kind of backing that you think so
I'm going to agree with Bloomberg on
this I think that was fake
news um
so anyway in other news RFK Jr um he's
been trying to he wants to eliminate a
whole bunch of harmful additives and
food the big reason that you might not
want to at the moment and this is going
to be tough a tough balance is that
removing food additives for
food might make them more expensive
which seems counterintuitive right you'd
think well if we don't have to add all
these chemicals
we can save money on all these chemicals
but they must have something to do with
preserving food longer something like
that uh maybe taste better I don't know
but uh the uh the thing that is the
major driver of all these chemicals and
your food this is based on the story in
the LA Times is that it's the way we
keep the food cost down so if your
Administration the trumpet admin
Administration has promised that food
prices will be going down at the same
time you've got the make America healthy
again efforts and RFK Jr looking to get
rid of these additives which would make
food prices potentially go up although
I'm not 100% sure that's true but that's
what's being reported at the moment
so I wonder if there's any Middle Ground
there
because there are people like me who
would certainly pay more to have fewer
chemicals and maybe you could let the
the the market decide so instead
of uh let's say let's say instead of
making everybody get rid of
everything what if you said uh we want
to
encourage people who are in the same
Market to you know at least have an
option
where you don't have the chemicals and
then the people can choose and if enough
people choose the ones that's a little
bit more expensive but doesn't have the
health problems well then the market
corrects and then then that becomes the
you know less expensive thing over time
um but I wonder if there's a way to
solve that because it seems like there's
a direct conflict between making the
food safer and making it less
expensive here's a little update on a
story that interests me more than maybe
most of you but uh do you remember the
hockey stick um temperature calculations
for climate change and Michael man was
the um credited as the the person who
came up with that and the idea was that
temperatures would increase over time
but that would be a point where the
increase would become uh multiplied so
it it would go slow slow slow and then
Wham and it would go straight up like a
hockey stick
well uh Mark Stein writing for the
publication uh the publication National
Review um ended up in the lawsuit
because uh I guess Stein was criticizing
the hockey stick data and Michael man
wanted to you know basically establish
it as as legitimate and push back
against critics so there was a lawsuit
so Michael man sued and um I may get I
may be getting some of the facts wrong
here because the there are a couple of
it looks like maybe whatever Mark Stein
did might have been separate but related
to the National Review so it looked like
there might have been two legal actions
one against the publication and one
against the author but um there's been
some movement now it's 13 years later
13 years later and a judge has reduced
the $1 million defamation
judgment uh which man had won they
reduced it from a million do to
$5,000 now there's an article by Greg
Piper in just the news so I'll I'll
recommend you to that so look for just
the news and look for the article by
Greg Piper and you'll you'll get the
correct version of this I think I'm
butchering a little bit
but um on top of
that um I think the that separately the
National Review had uh been in court for
the same reason and got to uh it ended
in a summary judgment in National
reviews favor so the National Review
ended up uh getting a judgment in which
they would be paid um half a million
dollars in legal fees so I'm not
positive but do does this mean so I get
I guess I have a question as much as a
statement uh does this mean that Michael
man the scientist the one who created
the hockey stick thing and I believe was
the one who kicked off the lawsuits does
that mean that instead of winning a
million he got
5,000 and in the process also had to pay
half a million to the other
side which would suggest he came out way
behind even though he
won so you sort of won a little
bit but it looks like it became a
financial nightmare
basically so um I guess I could use some
factchecking on that
but 13 years A lot has changed or let me
put it this way um the whole our view of
climate change is about ready to change
so look for big changes in that domain
there's a study Sam Jones is writing in
the Washington Post that uh science has
shown there's a
link
um between swearing and pain
tolerance and that people who swear when
they're in pain like you you know you
hit your thumb with a hammer or
something that the swearing decreases
the
pain now this is another one of those
situations where you could have just
asked me you didn't really have to study
it just ask
me um yeah squaring definitely helps
with pain don't know why there's a story
about a Florida
man who swallowed a uh
$760,000 diamond from Tiffany's so he
went to Tiffany's and must have grabbed
a diamond and swallowed it and so when
the police got there you he asked if
he'd be charged for what's in his
stomach and uh I don't know the legal
ins and outs of this but um I think it
depends if it was a dutyfree
store anybody no
dutyfree all right I'll just leave that
with
you meanwhile was the Wall Street
Journal is reporting that uh Israel is
trying to neutralize what security
officials see as a turkish-backed
islamist threat trying to unify Syria to
which I say maybe I don't understand
anything about the world but why would
turkey want
to put a bunch of turkish-backed radical
islamist unifying Syria does that look
like something that would work out for
them in the long run
that's very suspicious anyway I just
don't know how that could possibly work
but hey all right my last story
scientists are trying to revive the
woolly mammoths they're they're going to
trying to find a way to uh take some
woolly mammoth DNA that they have and
put it in some kind of a I don't know
Asian elephant and turn it into a woolly
mammoth in the future now uh they've
made some progress cuz they've turned
they've created a woolly
mice that's right they took regular mice
and they made them woolly with woolly
mammoth jeans of some sort so if you'd
like a woolly Mouse now talk about a
dangerous
experiment what would happen if you know
the the mouse stayed the same size as
the mouse it was just woolly but what if
they'd gotten that just a little bit
wrong wouldn't you have an elephant
sized
Mouse
now that's just what I need that's what
I need an elephant siiz
Mouse what could go wrong all right
ladies and gentlemen that's what I've
got for you today thanks for joining I
know we went long I got stuff to do I'm
going to say hi to the uh people on
locals and uh the rest of you thanks for
joining I'll see you tomorrow tomorrow
same time same
place locals I'll see you privately here
in
30
e
e e