sound you hear in the
background if I could give
you one bit of advice for doing your own
podcast make sure you have automated
blackout Shades so you can control your
lighting that is my tip for podcasting
or
zooming got to be able to control your
lighting let's get your comments up
here there we go
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a better time in the
world but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand with their tiny shiny
human brains all you need for that is a
cup or mug or a tankered shell a Stein a
canteen jugg or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine day the
day thing makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous hip that's right
go
delicious so there's a h study of
studies that says that the
strawberries are not only good for your
heart but they're good for your brain
it'll reduce your dimension it'll make
your heart tick forever hey I wonder who
would do a big expensive story on
strawberries H trust the science huh
maybe I should check to see who funded
it let's see uh checking checking
funding uh this work was supported by
the Cali strawberry
commission yeah strawberry Cali so a big
strawberry uh do you do you believe a
study by the people who are involved in
the industry that their industry is
awesome and it makes you smarter and
live
forever
well you
shouldn't I don't think you can believe
big strawberry when it comes to a study
about strawberries
I've got a feeling they might be biased
they might be now I'm not saying there's
anything wrong with strawberries I eat
them every single day but I love them
actually here's another tip don't put
your strawberries in the
refrigerator they will be instantly
ruined and that's what you need to know
about strawberries did you know that OIC
in addition to making you lose weight
has uh promising results for treating
alcohol and drug abuse
turns out that if you study the people
who are on OIC they have also cut way
down on alcohol and
drugs now do you trust that
study what do the people who have that
go to the doctor and get
OIC what do they have in common with
each other do they have anything in
common with each other well let me put
the hypnotist filter on it when people
would asked me as a trained hypnotist
Scott can you use hypnosis to help me
quit smoking I would say yes it works
exactly as well as every other P method
you would
try and if they come to me and say Scott
can hypnosis help me lose weight I would
say yes it works exactly as well as
every other method you could try do you
know why here's what hypnotists know
that once you've decided you're going to
do something you're going to make it
work so if you decided first and then
you used hypnosis it would work if you
decided first and decided you're going
to use I know patches or take a class or
something it would work it's the
deciding that's the active
part now if you took a whole bunch of
people who had decided because it's not
cheap right it's there's there's some uh
you know some risk involved some expens
involved some time involved if you did
all that to cut down on food because you
wanted to become healthier don't you
think probably that would be the same
group that would say you know what if
I'm trying to lose weight why would I
keep drinking yeah if I'm trying to lose
weight why would I smoke some weed and
get the munchies so I think that this is
definitely worth
studying however I would be open to the
possibility that the only thing that's
happening is that the people had really
made up their minds to change their
lives made up their mind to change their
lives and you get benefits in all the
areas I would go further and say it
wouldn't surprise me if people doing
OIC maybe exercised a little more
because again it would be the people who
decided the way I used to be is not the
way I'm willing to be anymore so
probably that affected more than just
one
decision that's my I
guess could go the other way could be
the OIC users are the ones who don't
exercise because they're thinking well I
don't need to exercise everything's
going great losing weight like crazy so
it could go either way but I would guess
that once you decide to fix your life
that all the things that need to be done
right start falling into line it's the
deciding that's the hard
part all right apparently a thousand
protesters went to protest the Cog
company they say that the additives in
the food is poisoning our children have
you heard so many people use the word
poison to describe our food supply
before the last say year or so I feel
like that wasn't as common there were a
lot of people saying oh the food supply
isn't safe or they used other words but
the word
poison I feel like that's a new entry
are are you feeling the same thing you
know we've done we've done sugar is
poison that was a book um I often say
alcohol is poison that's taking on kind
of a viral quality but this word poison
is
really
powerful if you say oh this isn't as
good for you as this thing it's not very
active but when you say something is
poison and then you add children You've
Really Got strong message this is poison
you're giving it to our children now I
don't know the science behind the
Kellogg situation so I don't want have a
specific claim on my own but uh I'll
tell you the persuasion is strong if you
say you're poisoning children you're
going to have to answer that claim one
way or the
other let's
see the Biden Administration is uh going
to reduce the uh Environmental review
process for geothermal so geothermal is
where you drill a really deep hole in
the ground where there's tons of heat
and you release that heat and use it to
turn a turbine I guess and it generates
electricity um but in order to dig one
of these really deep poles and build one
of these plants you got to do these
environmental reviews which apparently
were burdensome and they're they are
being uh altered to make it easier and
there's one of these plants is going in
right now in uh
Utah somewhere anyway this is a this is
all reported in the hill but here's what
I have to say you know as much as we
complain about our government and we
like one side versus the other it does
seem to me that the department of
energy has been doing consistently the
right things through two Administrations
and you know maybe if I were closer to
it I'd say no they should have gone
faster or they should do way more than
they're doing but every time I hear a
story that's related to the Department
of energy it's at least directionally
correct so here they are doing something
that makes it easier to do geothermal of
course I love that it's the least
polluting thing you could even think of
um and they're doing a lot for um for
the approvals of a especially small
nuclear power plants in the United
States which is exactly what I want them
to do so I'm sure if I looked into it I
could find lots of things to complain
about because big bureaucratic groups
always have something wrong but I got to
say across two administrations with two
different
leaderships they seem to be pushing the
country in the right de right direction
and the the beauty of
that is that if you get energy right a
whole lot of other things work out on
their own like the economy you know if
we lowered Energy prices and made the
environment clean and Y suddenly
everything everything starts fixing
itself and I've always I've been saying
for maybe 20 years that the most
important technology in the world would
be
holes just
holes if you could figure out how to
make a hole in the ground really cheaply
then you could do all the geothermal you
wanted and you'd have basically
unlimited energy but the trouble is
digging the hole so if you can figure
out
holes you pretty much solve most of the
big problems in
energy there is a uh study by MJ Kim in
the
conversation found out that uh that
people's voters moral flexibility as you
call it helps them defend politicians
misinformation so what it means is if
you like your politician and you
generally like the side that your
politician is on and they come up with
some BS and you say to yourself um
that's the politician I like but even I
can tell that's a lie that you will
rationalize their lie and disinformation
as being not so bad because at least
it's what you want
so if you want what that politician is
offering the study shows that you're
going to be willing to flexi accept that
they're using some
hyperbole maybe their facts don't
exactly match up but you're still happy
about where they're going so you're okay
with it what does that sound
like do you think they needed to do that
study or or do you think they could have
just asked me the developer of the
statement that Trump is even when his
hyperbole is off base he is
directionally
correct that's all this is it's saying
that if you like where your politician
is heading you don't mind if they do a
little hyperbole a little exaggeration
maybe get some facts wrong it doesn't
really matter right so I use this
argument all the time with Trump which
is if you want the Border closed and
Trump's telling some stories and maybe
some of them are not exactly true if it
gets the Border closed I'm pretty happy
about it right am I going to am I get to
mind that he got some anecdotal story
wrong and maybe it wasn't because of
illegal migrants that somebody died I
don't really care as long as it gets the
Border closed and if if telling stories
that get people worked up gets it done
yes I am morally
flexible so yeah you didn't need to do
this study you could have asked me I'm
totally morally flexible about saving
lives and keeping people safe if it
takes a little fibbing I'm okay with
that I mean I I would prefer the word n
but if you have to choose between two
fibers I'll take the fiber that's
directionally
accurate
anyway um there's a US startup that can
charge you a lot of money up to $50,000
to screen your embryo for IQ so if I
guess this is only applicable to people
who are doing the uh inv vitro
fertilization so you got a number of
eggs and you can check which ones you
think you like the best so what do you
think of that 50,000 of course will
limit it to a very um select group of
people but if you could do it cheaply
if you could do it cheaply would you
pick the high IQ baby daav for your own
baby if you don't I would have many
questions for you because the the
correlation between IQ and success is so
clear so clear that if you if you had
the option of doing it and you didn't do
it I'd have to wonder about
you I mean mental health is just one
part of Health if you could screen and
you found out that one was going to be
um well I won't mention any specific
physical problem because then there'll
be somebody who will say hey you're
talking about me but you can
imagine that that we all know there's a
certain set of physical traits that'll
make your life easier a little bit
taller is a little bit easier than a
little bit shorter a little bit smarter
is definitely easier than not smart so
if you could if you could uh control for
these things yeah you'd do it why
wouldn't
you in a sense people are already doing
it because when they're looking at
donors sperm donors you know that guy
who's the uh the CEO and founder of uh
is it
signal I think it's the signal app and
and he's unusually good-looking so he's
tall un usually good-looking and
Brilliant and apparently he's been
chosen as a sperm donor like a thousand
times you you just have to take one look
at him and then look at what he does for
a living and you'd be like okay all
right we we'll take that one that's
pretty good so yeah of course people are
going to choose IQ if they can so it's
legal to do this in the United States
but it is illegal in Great Britain you
can't select for IQ okay let's uh let's
run the tape forward okay we'll start uh
we'll start in 2024 we've got two
countries we got the Great Britain and
we got uh United States United States we
have the technology and the legal
ability to choose IQ in our children in
Great Britain let's say they keep it the
same and we fast forward it a couple
hundred years and they do not have the
legal right to choose smarter children
how how do things look in 200 years
unfortunately if one of the countries
has unrestricted immigration and no IQ
uh no ability to choose IQ of your own
babies you're going to have a dumber
country because it's not the Geniuses
moving in because the Geniuses probably
have lots of options and they're fine
where they are it's the people who are
struggling so if you let in people who
are struggling you're going to get a lot
of great great workers great people
there's nothing wrong with anybody at
any level of the IQ it's not a judgment
call it's just a statement that it's
correlated with
success and Great Britain would be
toast compared to a country that had
been uh measure that had been you know
managing to IQ they'd be toast unless
they had a better school system and then
they beat us
anyway
anyway uh
according to the Daily Caller Jennifer
Newell Newell is writing about uh
there's a big university University of
Michigan that uh in the years since
they've been working on Dei they spent
$250 million on diversity Equity
inclusion it's good it's good so they
spent a lot of money on diversity Equity
inclusion so can you imagine the
benefits they've gotten from that wow
feel it feels so unfair because imagine
the colleges that didn't spend any money
on it imagine going to one of those hell
holes but if you want to go to a place
that's really got it worked out
someplace that's futuristic you know
they they're taking care of all the
people not just some but all the people
spent $250 million on Dei let's see how
they're doing uh according to this
article uh students were were less
likely to interact with those of a
different race religion or political
okay so it made people uh stay away from
each
other
huh how could they have how could they
have saved $250
million if the end result was that
people were emphasizing the differences
and then they that caused them to stay
away from each other how what would be a
way to save money well they could have
just told them why don't you just stay
away from each
[Laughter]
other I'm not suggesting you
should but if all they got for $250
million was people staying away from
each
other there was probably a cheaper way
to get to that point hey hey
everybody you all think the other is an
 why don't you just stay away
from each other huh now that could work
there's nothing about Dei that's good
it's like no matter what they try to do
it comes out bad now this by the way
would be no
surprise to anybody who studied
persuasion if I wanted you to think
obsessively about the worst thing that
you could be thinking about I would make
it the focus of my spending so if I
wanted you to spend a lot of time
thinking about your racial differences I
would make a Dei group I could predict
that if I made a big expense and a big
program around anything that you would
be thinking about it more that would be
the whole point to make you think about
it more so if you spend more time
thinking about how you're a victim and
how your classmate is your oppressor how
do you think that was going to go in the
long
run what you know if you were to if you
were just sort of you know game that out
on paper and you're like the designer of
the system it's like all right we're
going to design a system we're going to
say uh let's say half of the people were
going to say that they're the oppressors
and the other half will be the victims
the victims and we'll make sure that
everybody knows that this half is
oppressors even if they had nothing to
do with anything it was their ancestors
and this group is the victims even if
they're doing fine but maybe their
ancestors weren't uh how do you think
that would go in the long run there's
only one way that goes those people end
up not wanting to spend time with each
other what what other way could that end
up even on paper that doesn't
work all right here's the best news for
me personally in a long time every now
and then there'll be a thing that sneaks
up on you because you know bad news sort
of hits you in the face like ah bad news
good news sometimes is a gradual process
where something's improving over time
and then one day you just notice hey wow
that didn't used to be the case that's
like way better now here's my
example uh many of you saw and I
mentioned it a few times there was a a
terrible rumor about Tim
Walls um I told you on live stream that
I wasn't even going to tell you what the
rumor was because the credibility of it
was low it was based on one eyewitness
and one account we didn't know about and
it was a little too on the nose and it
was at that time when r rumors happen
and you know so I so I warned you
to to be careful about that one and uh I
was cautious enough that I didn't even
tell you what the rumor was and now I'm
glad because the person spreading the
rumor just
disappeared so the account that had the
rumors
gone I don't know if they got cancelled
or what but there's no there was no
further confirming evidence so no nobody
found any anything that would support it
now here's the bigger
point it seems to me that the political
right the Republican conservative types
have now developed an immune system that
didn't that wasn't there before and the
immune system is for
hoaxes and what I mean by that is that
what happened when this particular story
hit the news
is that a whole bunch of people
immediately sent it to me and they
saidis this
real but I wasn't the only one I think I
think a number of other people uh on the
internet who you thought were credible
that maybe could help you determine if
something's a hoax I'll bet they also
got it so I don't know for sure but I'd
be surprised if nobody sent it to you
know say Mike cernovich or banino or
some people You' know just to say does
this look real to you now I can tell you
that um uh I know Joshua Steinman said
this could be one of those Bull Run or
Buffalo Run plays a Buffalo Run is where
you create a fake story and you see if
you can get one side to embrace it and
then if they do you can say they're all
idiots and stupid and they believe in
fake news so you can discredit people
who had been doing well until that point
so you could take out a let's say uh
Alex Jones you could take him out with a
fake story or something like
that I think that's what happened to
Sydney Powell I don't have confirmation
of that but I think that's what happened
to her with that Kraken story and I
recognized that at the time I don't know
if you remember but I called that out as
I feel like I feel like somebody's
setting her up so that anything else she
says you're not going to believe and
I think that's actually what happened I
don't have confirmation but anyway this
latest story about wals um probably was
a Buffalo Run and it was maybe somebody
was just seeing how much attention they
could get but it feels like maybe
somebody on the other team was trying to
create a rumor that we could all get
slapped down on and then we'd look silly
and then people would be
discredited but uh I asked today I asked
for people for at list the people that
they would go to if they were trying to
figure out if something was a hoax and
so I'm just going to read you the
names of people who other people say
they would trust enough to say hey let
let me check with you first now nobody
said check was
CNN nobody said MSNBC Fox
News any of those that they were looking
to individual
I don't want to say high value but let's
say high credibility people all right
now to be fair because it was I ask the
question in my own X feed most people
said me as the person they would go to
to to figure out if something was true
or a hoax now of course I'm not 100%
because this is not 100% game but I
appreciate it if those of you who have
watched me over the years develop a set
of tools that that I often remind you of
of had to spot a hoax okay is it one
story of one Anonymous person who heard
somebody say something you know so I
always give you the examples I tell you
oh that's too on the nose I look at
maybe the source so you've those of you
who have been with me know that I have a
a toolbox that I use regularly to spot
fake news do I get everyone right I
doubt it I doubt it but the toolbox is
pretty good so even if you say scottt
you're not very accurate the tools are
the tools are pretty accurate if you
just use them you you'd have the same
result so I'm going to read you the
names of people that uh I thought uh as
well as the people who suggested them I
thought that the these are the ones who
are let's say the uh the white blood
cells of the political right these are
the people who will surround and
destroy a a
hoax so if you could if you knew that
three or four people on this list I'm
going to read thought that the truth was
in One Direction or the other I always
certainly listen to them all right now
I'm on the list but if you even if you
take me off th this is a group that I
consider more credible and more able to
spot hoaxes than the average person you
ready so um I don't know if I'll write
this down but I'll just mention them if
you want to
if you want to play it back later all
right Joshua Steinman Mike
cernovich there's me of course uh Dan
Bonino Mike Benz Mike Benz especially
for the Deep State stuff and Bonino
especially for anything that has to do
with secret service or the you know the
way the the way
the you know the the hard people work I
don't know he he his expertise is pretty
wide
Katherine
herriage we now she's from the real news
but she has an
unusually um good reputation for not
falling for BS Molly Hemingway one of my
favorites Julie Kelly Jack bobic Glenn
Greenwald Matt taibi Michael
shellenberger Megan
Kelly Victor Davis
Hansen Tim p
and then here are some accounts that we
don't know their names but they're
accounts on X
amuse cynical pus it's all one word
cynical
pus
maze M A that's not the handle but
that's the name of the account um
Jonathan Turley for anything legal Alan
Alan dtz for anything legal and uh V
ramaswami is just generally good at
spotting stuff now it's not a complete
list I do have Matt I mentioned Matt
tyby it's not a complete list but it
does operate as like a an immune
system so this was not true in
2015 in 2015 you couldn't tell me oh if
there's a fake story in the news I've
got a few people I'll check with so I'll
check their account and see what they're
saying about it that wasn't true but
today you've got what was this 15 names
you've got 15 people that you could
check and if you saw that three of them
were debunking something I I would take
that pretty seriously if any three of
these people debunked the story it
wouldn't matter which three if any three
of them said I'd hold on in this one
hold on in that
one so that's your your uh that's your
advice for today and by the way I love
the fact that the political
right derives its power from the group
it seems that the political left is
deriving its power from the top some
shadowy figures Maybe Obama and Pelosi
and God knows who
Sorrows uh but you can see that the
political right is is a bottom up
situation yeah you saw that uh when
Trump visited the barber shop
uh you probably saw that I was
suggesting you know Trump should go to a
barber shop I said it for a few weeks
but I wasn't the only one so and I have
no reason to believe that that's the
reason he went to the barber shop I
think probably there were if I had to
guess probably
several uh black advisors to Trump who
said you know you know it would be a
good idea black barber shop so when you
watch Trump you often see somebody who's
continually scanning his own field and
looking for ideas and one of the things
I also teach you is the person who's in
charge in any situation is the one with
the best
idea because you can't resist the best
idea so if you had the president of the
you know future president of the United
States and also past president you know
you'd say that's the most powerful
person in the room but if one of the
persons in the
room had the idea you know it would look
good go to a black barber shop you'd
kill it that's the best idea in the room
so whoever said that's in charge because
that's what Trump did now it it's it's
hard to wrap your head around that that
the best idea is always in charge but it
is you'll see it a million
times and I think it's Unique it's
uniquely well formed on the right and I
think that Trump has a lot to do with
that because it's so obvious that he is
listening to the idea is that are
bubbling up and he and he's putting
value on
them marjerie teller green sounds the
alarm according to the Gateway pund it
on some voting machines that have
allegedly switched votes in Georgia's
14th District what that means is
somebody voted a certain way and then
they printed out the ballot and the
printed ballot they should have matched
what they just did on the screen is the
opposite that's right there are reported
stories
that this this cycle apparently people
are voting and then printing it out and
it doesn't match what they voted now
this is one
machine how can it happen on one
machine do you think one of those
machines had a bad piece of
Hardware was it a hardware problem that
made one machine vote opposite of what
the actual vote was doesn't sound like
it does it it if you've ever been around
hardware and software if you had two
machines and one of them was changing
the vote you probably would rule out
Hardware as the problem a hardware
problem is where just something doesn't
work that's that's a software problem
now if you knew that there was one
machine and let's say you could confirm
it and by the way I have not confirmed
this so remember I just told you to uh
watch out for hoaxes
I'm going to I'm going to tell you on
this one if you have one account of one
machine that's not good enough so I I
need more I need more on this before I
believe
it now all it would take is extra
Witnesses because it sounds like the
report would be something that it sounds
like they repeated it so that that
actually people stood there and said
wait can you do that again and they
reproduce the problem so I think there
are multiple Witnesses
now I would like to hear literally from
the multiple Witnesses I don't want to
hear a report that somebody talked to
multiple Witnesses for something like
this I want to see more than one person
say I was standing there I was in the
room I watched it with my own eyes I
watched it change if you give me that I
believe it now here's the problem
suppose you do convince me that this
happened on one machine
once it's software
how in the world does one machine get
software that changes
votes just
one nobody in the world would believe it
was on just one
machine now if you were going to put
that sort of thing into a machine would
you make it change every Vote or would
you do it on maybe just some machines
because you wouldn't need to do it
everywhere or would you do it at a
random interval such that it would do it
every time for every 13th vote but all
the rest would be
normal how would you do it well I would
I wouldn't do it for every vote because
that' be too obvious but uh if it
happened on one
machine I would cancel the
election let me say that again if it
were confirmed that that one machine in
one pre synct this one time reverse the
vote I would cancel the whole
election and I would say we can't use
machines
anymore and then I would say give us six
months change out every system do it on
paper make the election one day you
better bring your ID and then we'll have
a real election but we're already at the
point where there isn't really any
chance we can have a real election here
people you know that
right I mean I don't want to be
like a crazy you know the wolf is coming
but we're well beyond the point where
we're going to believe the outcome of
the
election aren't
we is is most of the country so not
paying attention that they don't know
what's going on we're well beyond
trusting the outcome of the election I
already reject it unless it goes the way
I want I'm going to be very clear about
this if Trump gets elected which is what
I want
I'm going to accept the
outcome if he doesn't get
elected and the polls are similar to
kind of what they are now and and there
looks like there's some Shenanigans and
more reports like this which there will
be I'm not going to accept the outcome
and nobody
should nobody should accept an outcome
that looks sketchy when you have a
system that's designed not to tell you
who got elected so do not tell me in
advance
that I need to accept the election do
not ask me in advance will I accept the
election the answer is can you do an
election that is credible the answer is
no so I'm going to accept it if I like
it and that is the correct answer the
correct answer is I will accept it if it
looks legitimate and it's the one I want
to win if it doesn't look legitimate and
it's not the one I wanted to win I am
absolutely not going to accept it which
means we don't have a real election that
we're going into that whatever is going
to happen is not an election I I have no
idea what the this is going to be
but it looks like just a disaster to
me so I would say the odds of massive
Street protests are pretty high no
matter which way it goes so that's
coming but luckily there's only this one
story about this machine changing a vote
thank goodness goodness it's only
happening in this one
place uh except that um there have been
multiple complaints in
Texas about uh same
[Laughter]
thing
so apparently we got a problem here got
a problem on a separate topic
Megan Kelly had a Dr Marty Mari on
talking about the story of how we came
to believe in the past that fat the
natural kind of fat was bad for us turns
out it was just
uh uh there's some politician scientist
named anel Keys who after Eisenhower had
a heart attack he just said it must have
been all the fat he8 and then for years
the entire food industry decided that
fat was bad for you because the guy it
once that's sort of the whole story
there was a guy who sat it once and then
all of the
dietary the dietary model for the entire
world changed because the guy said it
once none of it was true turns out that
you know Fat's not so bad for you but
what will will kill you is the things
that people were eating instead of fat
so they started eating you know more
carbs and processed foods and everything
went to
hell
anyway um you've probably seen this by
now but it remains funny that uh so musk
was doing his Pennsylvania rallies he's
doing several rallies to help Trump in
Pennsylvania and uh he talked about he
saw Mark cubin uh being interviewed by
Rachel madow and he couldn't tell him
apart now uh
that is very politically incorrect
because I'm sure it's insulting somebody
but because you can't figure out which
one is being insulted is diabolically
clever as a as a as an insult because my
first thought is hey he's insulting um
oh wait a minute is he insulting Rachel
mattow or is he insulting Mark
Cuban or wait a minute all he's saying
they look the
same but which one's being
insulted are they both being
insulted and here's the thing they're
both good-looking
people so so it gets it becomes extra
confusing because in my opinion I mean
you you can disagree if you like but
they're both good-looking
people period they're just both
good-looking people you know most people
would rather look like one of them than
whatever they look like you know if you
if you count good hair and good skin and
tall and you know stuff like that so I
don't know I just think it's it's
hilarious when he says it I laugh every
time uh and I just love how complicated
it is when you think about whether who's
getting insulted and why but you know I
don't like to insult people's physical
appearance too much I'm sure I I'm sure
I break my own rules sometimes but this
one's funny just because they're both
you know they're both brilliant
successful Rich good-looking people so
it doesn't hit like it would be if you
were punching
down all right um some of you know that
uh The Young Turks host Jen and I hope I
pronounced his last name right is it
weager is it Jen weager is that close to
the correct pronunciation for some
reason I never hear his last name
pronounced out loud I say a written all
the time and I see his first name
sometimes pronounced but I've never
heard his I've never heard a single
person on TV or social media say his
last name and I keep waiting for it so
I'll say it correct yuger oh I'm being
corrected here it's yuger not
weager thank you okay so the correct
pronunciation would be yuger so uy would
be pronounced as if it were backwards
perfect I'm D lexic so I'll get that
right every time anyway he's uh he said
uh Trum is crazy and the fact that half
of this country can't see it is one of
the most amazing things in my lifetime
so here we go I challenge any
conservative with the real audience to
debate me either on our air or yours on
Trump so I volunteered I sent up an
email this morning haven't heard back I
just sent it before the show now I don't
know if I have a big enough platform
he's looking for somebody who's got an
audience maybe mine isn't big
enough but I loved how we started it um
this is what I like about him um Trump
is so crazy and the fact that half this
country can't see it is one of the most
amazing things in my lifetime so he is
he is noticing this so here's what I
like about him I disagree with Jen a lot
you know on politics but whenever I see
him wrestling with it
he seems to be using the right
Tools in other words he's a smart guy
who understands bias and he understands
you know that we're kind of hypnotized
half the time and he seems to simply
just be working with different
information and I feel like if he and I
were exposed to exactly the same
information if you know we might
actually have very similar opinions so
that's what makes it fascinating um you
know there's some people who you say
okay no matter how much I talk to them
they're not they're never going to
change their mind because they'd be too
embarrassed to ever change their mind I
don't think he is I I think Jen if he
heard a better argument live in the
context of where he was even trying to
win the argument I believe he's actually
bold enough that he could change his
mind right in front of
you and I could
too I I could actually do that as well I
could completely modify my opinion if I
heard something from him that I'd never
heard and that sounded real I could say
huh that's actually a pretty good point
now there aren't many people who can do
that because the embarrassment of
changing your mind in public is pretty
extreme but if you watch him operate for
a while he doesn't seem like he's he's
operating under fear so he doesn't seem
to have a fear variable which means that
you could deal with them on a like a
logical basis he would have all the
logic and the knowledge but he wouldn't
have the fear that would make him locked
into a point of view so that's what's
different so otherwise I wouldn't have
bothered because you'd just be you know
somebody'd be talking over you and the
time would run out nothing would happen
but I actually think he's a real player
he's not an
NPC um it doesn't mean it would go
well but as something that would be
worth worth a shot I think his audience
would be benefited from hearing my point
of view because it it would be distinct
from something they've heard before and
uh I think I would benefit from hearing
his point of view because I'm not sure I
fully understand
it so so I volunteered and I I would uh
add this to my earlier
statements about the names you've
learned as your your uh immune system
against news that the fact that Jen
and I could even have this exchange is a
positive thing because if you say to me
I'm going to take two elected
politicians or two candidates for
elected office and they're going to have
a debate the first thing I say is well
that's worthless because they're both
going to lie about a bunch of stuff and
then time will run out and nobody fact
checks
them but if you took two uh people who
are not running for office
who are who have some pattern in in
their past of looking for what's true as
opposed to just trying to win then you
really have something
potentially you know if you have two
people who honestly just want to
understand the
thing that's something because that's
not what the politicians are doing the
politicians are trying to win the
election and everybody understands that
there's nothing wrong with that that
everybody gets that but it is possible
that two people people were not running
for election who both would really most
like to just understand what's true and
what's not
true that's different that's different
and this might be one of those cases I
don't know it's worth a
shot well according to the Daily Co
caller Trump is leading in all major
swing State polling
averages um and then
also um according to Fox News poll Trump
is also had in the popular V by 2% now
you know that there are other there are
other polls that still say different
so uh but I did see that most of the
polls are starting to tighten up and
they're at least saying that Trump is
either statistically tied when it used
to be way behind so right on time just
as you imagined the polls are tightening
up
um according to uh Fox News is Sarah
rump Wht uh polls are also finding that
most Americans say they're worse off
from four years ago now in the article I
noted that uh well the article noted
that um the last time it was so bad was
under Bill
Clinton uh the last time that people
thought they were worse off now Bill
Clinton managed to beat a somewhat
popular incumbent you know in Bush
Senior here it's very unusual to beat an
incumbent but part of the reason is
because people thought they were worse
off and uh Clinton was saying you know
it's the economy stupid so he had a good
message however there's something
missing from the story isn't
there wasn't this the Ross perau year if
you took Ross perau out of the
mix George Bush would have
won so so we don't really have that as
an example that people will change their
vote radically because they were worse
off you know or they're worse off than
they were so I'm not sure that's telling
us as much as it could be telling us but
it's not nothing if people think they're
worse off I would think that would
motivate them to vote
differently Steve bannon's running into
a little trouble getting out of jail
apparently he tried to use uh and this
is sort of is it ironic I don't know um
he tried to use the uh process where if
you do the right things and study
something you get an early
release um because I guess he did what
he was supposed to do to get that early
release but he's just being ignored so
it looks like they're going to keep him
in jail longer than the process suggests
because he did the part of the process
that would make him eligible for the
early release there's no reason not to
they're just not ruling on it so they're
just letting his his Quest sit there for
days and days and days
so that's probably exactly what it looks
like um I like to talk about this
question of whether Trump is going to
jail his enemies so I keep as I'm
watching the fake news develop what
their new fake news message is going to
be the new one is that Trump has said in
a variety of different ways in different
places that he would to jail his
enemies I'm not hearing
that like the only times I've heard it
it was obviously not anything to worry
about but apparently there are like four
different times he said something
slightly in that domain but here's my
take there are a number of Democrats
that in my opinion have so cleanly and
obviously broke major laws that if you
if you don't have them processed the
country is going to wonder why
not now I'm very
careful about I don't want a president
Trump to lawfare his enemies because he
can not cool not cool at all but I do
believe that a number of his enemies
have done things that to me seem so
obviously
illegal that that should be looked into
but if you look into it and you don't
find a crime then no no
it it you know I think uh Schiff was
mentioned and I don't know if Schiff has
committed anything that's actually a
crime but if you look at the hoaxes that
he has run on the American people you
know the the the Russia collusion hoax
the laptop hoax the uh I I was in the
skiff and I saw something that wasn't
really their hoax and it's just one hoax
after another now is any of that
illegal I don't know I mean I can't
think of a specific law that would be
broken by any of
it but if there is some law that he
broke and it's consequential and it's
not just some lawfare thing that they
looked until they found something yes
yes I believe the legal system should do
what it does of course now here's what
the the Democrats don't understand when
they complain about it I don't think
they understand the degree of
lawlessness in their own side it's
pretty
extreme and so if Trump decides that
there are a bunch of people who are
enemies and also have grossly broken the
law yeah he should go after
him like isn't that his job so the way
you should talk about it is not that
he's going to do some ter terrible
unconstitutional thing the question
should be shouldn't the Attorney General
be prosecuting real crimes the there's
nobody I know who would be in favor of
trump jailing somebody on a madeup
charge so let me say this as loudly and
clearly as I can in case there any
Democrats
listening I am so out if I see
Republicans trying to
lawfare Democrats just because they
can that that is
absolutely hard to know I mean I would
register well I'm already registered as
a Democrat for safety
but I would start voting Democrat if you
do that I mean that's way over the line
way over the line absolutely no
tolerance for that whatsoever but real
crimes real crimes yeah if they're real
crimes that made a difference to the
real
public of course that's the job of the
Attorney General and the President
should be back in
that now
um I I think I told you that uh there's
going to be a lot more January 6
conversations and I can't remember if I
said this only on the pre-show I might
have I'll say it again if you get in a
conversation about January 6 and
specifically Trump's involvement here's
the way to handle
it the assumption that the Democrats
make is that Trump knew he lost and that
everybody else knew he lost that's the
only thing you should go after you
should go after the fact that we do not
have a system which even now could make
you feel comfortable with the result and
that half of the country agrees with the
idea that the elections are not secure
and I think we can say that there were
some irregularities in the output that
did not look like they could have
happened
naturally now if you put that all
together along with Trump's natural
optimism that you know things should go
his way the most reasonable assumption
is that he did believe he did believe
the election was rigged and that
everything he did was in the service of
correcting a
mistake that the country would want
corrected and that it was his job to
correct if you believe that he knew the
election was fair and he lost fair and
square well then he's an insurrectionist
and by the way I would be
I would even think that myself I mean
not insurrectionist technically because
you know the law was not broken in that
regard but if it looked like he had
convinced people for years to protest
and act differently based on something
that was not true and he knew it well
I'd have a real problem with that but I
believe it's clearly obvious that he
believes still and did believe then that
the election was stolen and that he was
trying to fix that so if you get into
the conversation of who died like did
Ashley babbit was she the only one who
died did the other ones die lately was
there danger you don't have to talk
about any of that because you know what
Trump didn't do that Trump didn't hit
anybody now you could say that he he
caused people to be worked up but if the
election had been stolen right in front
of us at it looked like to him and as it
looked like to tens of millions of
Americans that it looked like it had
been
stolen I don't mind the little
violence now I don't recommend it and
and I wish you wouldn't do it but we do
live in a country where if somebody
tried to steal the election right in
front of you and you were pretty sure it
happened and it led to a little bit of
violence we're not worse
off it's only the threat of violence
that makes anything
work so I prefer no violence and if you
don't like the election outcome this
time don't do anything violent so avoid
all violence nothing good can come from
it but it's just the truth that the
threat of violence the credible threat
of violence is the only thing that keeps
Society together the threat that
somebody big will come take you out if
you do something that
bad
so the only thing that matters is did
Trump legitimately think the election
was
rigged and I wouldn't go any further in
the conversation because if he
did then he was pushing the right
buttons maybe there was some violence we
don't and that was even caused by that
if he was right the risk of a little
violence was an acceptable
risk if he was right the election was
rigged the the risk not the guarantee of
it but the risk of a little bit of
violence was worth the
risk tragic that still makes it tragic
it's not less tragic I'm not taking the
empathy away but we live in a country
where every now and then you got to do
something that's hard and tough to put
things back on track right we don't like
to go to war but sometimes we have to we
don't like to shoot anybody who's
mentally ill but they're coming after a
cop to kill but sometimes you have to
and I definitely don't want any violence
around anything like an
election but if an election gets thrown
right in front of you and has every
signal of looking thrown and people say
it and the saying of it causes some
action which leads to a little bit of
violence I'm not going to encourage the
violence and I'm not going to complement
it I'm going to note
that it's a necessary variable to keep
civilization in
order so talk about only whether it was
true that it was rigged and whether or
not he believed it was rigged which is
more to the point it matters what he
believed and it matters what tens of
millions of Americans believed and
observed and at this point I I I
accepted the election
result because I thought the system as
bad as it was created a result
and I didn't see any way to fix it so I
never changed my mind from accepting the
result but separately do I think that
the election was rigged
yes yes and I don't need evidence for
that what I need is to look at the
system and see that it's clearly
designed in a way that nobody would
design it if they didn't want it
rigged it's designed to be rigged the
design is very
clear so the the the odds of it being
rigged I think are 100% now whether it
was rigged enough I don't
know was it rigged in both directions is
it possible there was rigging both ways
could be that there's nothing that would
prevent that so I don't know who
won but I don't think the election is
something you could consider credible
and I don't think the coming one is
credible in the least not even a little
bit really that's my
opinion so I don't know what we're going
to do about
it um I'm confident that we'll work it
out because the the one thing I love
about America I love a lot about it but
one thing I love in particular is we're
really good at figuring stuff out like
even hard
stuff we will figure it
out um but I don't know how because
it'll be a it'll be a more based on you
know who has power to do what it won't
be based on what's logical or what's the
best thing to do but we we'll work it
out one way or the
other we'll be okay all right that's all
I have for this Saturday I'm going to
say goodbye to YouTube and Rumble and X
I'm going to talk to the wonderful
people on locals privately for a moment
and uh thanks for joining I'll see you
tomorrow same time same
place
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for