bum bum bum bum
hey everybody come on in here what are
you waiting for you know all the fun is
in here so stop everything else you're
doing because this matters everything
else not so much at least you can put it
off until later did you come for the
simultaneous up are you here for coffee
with Scott Adams I hope so because if
you are
grab your top of your ma go to your
class your chalice your stein your
tankard your thermos your flask fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
that's just me
enjoy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes it everything else
better the golden era the simultaneous
imp speaking of golden era
evanka just tweeted with that phrase the
golden era talking about potential for
North Korea and did you all watch the
president visiting North Korea I'll tell
ya no other president is gonna be fun
I think I'm probably only going to do
these periscopes as long as Trump is
president because I I can't imagine
trying to do this in a world with a
traditional president there just
wouldn't be anything to talk about that
was fun but let's talk about Trump so
the first thing I love about this semi
impromptu trip to North Korea is it is
such a rockstar move if you say to
yourself hey you know who does this
remind you of does it remind you of a
president not really not really it's
whatever's better than the president
it's a total rock star move
who else could tweet
North Koreans dictator hey I'll meet you
at the I'll meet you at the DMZ and
maybe I can visit North Korea the first
president ever and then what does Kim
Jong good in the sack yeah I'll
rearrange my schedule see you there and
they show up and you know they shake
hands and they restart the talks now I'm
not going to predict that you know
therefore everything will go well
because an handshake but anybody who
thinks this doesn't matter is just on
the wrong planet this matters this is
exactly this is exactly the sort of
thing that matters because think about
what's the biggest issue the biggest
issue for North Korea and for Kim is to
stay in power to make sure that there's
no external threat what is it that keeps
him safest it's not his nuclear weapons
the thing that keeps him safest is a
personal relationship with President Xi
and with Putin and with Trump so if he
could have a reasonably good
relationship with those three leaders
and you know of course South Korea boon
he's safe and so he's playing a smart
Trump is playing a smart and does it
really matter that North Korea has some
nukes right now could you in your
wildest imagination could you imagine
North Korea now moving against the
United States in some military or
provocative way you can't imagine it
right it's actually literally now
something that you can't imagine it's
only been what a year or so since
Trump's been making you know making
progress so I would say that Trump is
just nailing this now there's something
else happening that is more interesting
than it looks
apparently Trump has floated the idea
that the US and Russia and China could
save a lot of money if they agree to
some kind of nuclear missile
proliferation thing to replace these
start agreements and I think China you
mentioned is not interested because it
thinks the United States won't keep its
deal but here's the thing
I've been talking about this for a long
time and I'll say it again because the
more I say it the closer we get to this
being our reality the most natural
allies for the United States are Russia
and China now here I'm counting Europe
and NATO as sort of part of the United
States
you know the sphere of military
influence but in general the the the
powers that have the most power also
have the most responsibility it just
sort of works automatically that way we
three military powers including you know
NATO as the u.s. spheres of influence
there have all the military power in the
world probably I don't know 95% of all
the military power is so straight green
countries there just isn't any reason
that the three of us should be building
weapons to aim at each other it's the
one thing we know we don't want to do in
fact if you were to make a list make a
list of all the things your country
wants to do where would attacking a
superpower be on your list of things you
want to do nowhere it's not on the list
nowhere on your list of things you want
to do is attack a superpower they don't
want to attack us we don't want to
attack them it's suicide we all know it
yet we sort of weirdly like zombies were
acting like that's not the case must
build bigger weapons must a weapons that
Russia must aim weapons that China never
made sense well I
it probably did make sense you know in
the in the 50s probably made total sense
in the sixties probably made sense
because you didn't know what was going
on there
you know is dangerous world but in
today's world a world of Putin and she
and Trump those three people get along
and the countries get along - do any of
you have a problem with Russian people
or or Chinese citizens do any of you
have a problem with them no of course
not
so we should be we should be taking that
three-part conversation about missiles
and stuff and we should just throw North
Korea into the mix because in order
North Korea should be the Switzerland of
the East and the only way that that's
going to happen is if the three big
towers and South Korea of course and
maybe Japan throw Japan to there just
for good measure yeah but mostly China
Russia in the United States need to
simply agree that we we won't mess with
North Korea and I think that would be
the key to denuclearizing I think that
would be the key because I think you
want North Korea to think that if one of
the three turns against it is the last
two friends which would be enough right
if China turned against North Korea but
China was our friend and friends with
South Korea well China would think twice
right because you know they may want to
influence North Korea but on the other
hands they might want a stable situation
China you know Russia doesn't have any
reason to move against North Korea the
US doesn't have any reason so why don't
we just make a deal
North Korea is Switzerland and the three
of us will protect North Korea against
any one of the three getting aggressive
I think that could work
all right did you see that the new press
secretary
Stephanie Grisham got apparently she got
bruised in what was called an all-out
brawl with North Korean auto security I
guess because when the president was
there she was trying to clear a path for
the the United States media to get a
good video and I guess that's North
Korean officials or security were in the
way so she so she went in hard so she
goes in hard apparently gets roughed up
and and still comes out and smiling and
what I read I read this I read this
story on I think CNN first reading and
I'm thinking oh my god she is such a
keeper can you think can you think of
anybody who would be more perfect for
the press secretary for Trump than
somebody who would actually get into a
physical brawl with North Koreans over
really over making sure that that the
president's trip was productive because
part of making that trip productive is
getting a good picture wouldn't you
agree
I mean the whole trip is really about
the picture you have been it's about the
personal relationship but in terms of
how the public sees it it's about the
picture and here was this new press
secretary who's saying to herself oh my
god we're not going to get the picture
what do you do if you're the new press
secretary and as it's literally nuclear
war is on the line I mean now so much at
the moment but that's that's the general
context and she's got to get something
done to get some people out of the way
to get the picture what'd she do
apparently she starts she she starts
moving people out of the way and if they
and apparently she got pretty scrappy
about it anyway I didn't know anything
about Stephanie Grisham and I guess I
still don't except she's definitely a
fighter she's got a fighter so I love
that all right
let me let me see by your comments
should we be calling the coming era the
Golden Age or a golden era I would like
your opinion do they sound the same to
you
Golden Age or golden era which you like
better I'm watching your comments now
Age era era era era era Age era looks
like era is wedding now age is catching
up a little bit you're a age age age age
okay now it's looks like it looks like
maybe a tie okay no strong preference I
still see some people complaining about
otto warmbier now we should complain
about otto warmbier because it was a
tragic situation and should never happen
somebody should pay for it on the other
hand if you were to stop the
denuclearization of North Korea because
you were holding it up for the for some
kind of justice for otto warmbier would
you be helping the world and would you
be doing something that even not a warm
beer would want you to do if you were
alive if I don't warm beer were alive
would he want you to stop peace with
North Korea probably not I mean I don't
know him I didn't know him but I don't
most people wouldn't most people would
say you know I sure don't like what
happened to me but I'm not gonna I'm not
going to be the thing that causes
nuclear war so those who are complaining
about warm beer it's it's nice that you
remember him it's nice that you care but
keep your priorities straight sometimes
you have to make the hard decisions
let's talk about Portland so you know
that independent reporter and editor
freak Willett and II know
my pronouncing his name last name
correctly I've only read it I've never
heard it and Gio does he pronounce that
no that's right right somebody somebody
fact checking on that
but apparently he went to cover this
anti-fur situation in Portland they were
a counter protesting some sub racists I
guess and they show up in their full
dark outfits and masks and they attacked
they attacked Andy no and hospitalized
them he's actually got a brain damage
now I say damage we don't know how bad
it is but apparently it's a blame brain
bleed I don't know if that's a
concussion or if those are slightly
different but that's some serious stuff
if you've never been around anybody who
had a brain bleed sometimes you're not
the same you know the level of
seriousness of that I don't think can be
underestimated and if you saw the attack
you saw that it was a crowd it wasn't
just one crazy person it was a number of
people and they were shouting milkshakes
and apparently they've they're adding
some kind of quick drying cement
to the milkshakes I don't know exactly
what that's supposed to do but it's bad
news of it if you get it out of you I
guess and yeah and so I'm looking at all
this and I'm looking at all these people
in masks and I have to assume that the
police force allows them to wear masks
at an event where violence is almost
guaranteed think about that the Portland
Police apparently must allow them to
wear masks they're not arresting them
for wearing masks at an event that you
know will be violent you don't even have
to wonder did is anybody thinking well
this won't be violence no nobody thought
that everybody thought it would be
violence
so I have to ask myself would you visit
a city whose police force allows
domestic terrorists to walk down the
streets with masks on is that a city you
want to visit not me
Portland is dead to me because I
wouldn't first of all I wouldn't want to
be recognized in Portland would you well
you have less of a problem about it than
I do but I'm recognizable in public
imagine me just shout out in Portland
walking down the street and being
recognized is this safe I don't think so
I would say Portland is not safe and I
so I've issued a no I've issued it well
I've declared it had no go zone so
Portland's a no-go zone until their
local government can figure out how to
criminalize wearing masks at the public
riots if you can't get that right I'm
not going to your town all right I don't
care if my book tour requires me to go
there I'm not going to Portland
Portland's off my list they need to fix
that if you can't get people out of
masks in public when you know violence
is coming you know it's not even like
it's maybe you know violence is coming
then you don't deserve well you don't
deserve my money so when I call Portland
and no-go zone I'm spelling the the no
and no go as NGO so I'm naming that
after in Dinu
all right what else is going on yeah
we'll get rid of this guy troll down so
somebody just before I blocked him
somebody was giving me a hard time for
appearing on Alex Jones I would like to
remind all of you what my brand is so my
brand
some people hey you
that word but I don't have a better one
my brand is talk to anyone that's my
brand right now if you make your brand
it becomes ok here here's the reason my
brand is talk to anyone
number one I do this sort of thing in
public if you if you do public stuff
where you're talking to people you kind
of need to have a rule that you can talk
to everyone and the reason is that even
if you think you're talking to good
people you could find out later that
they were cannibals or something so you
don't want to be branded by who you talk
to that's the first thing second thing
is at my age are they influencing me or
am i influencing them so if you put me
with somebody you don't like what's
likely to be the outcome well the
outcome is it's very unlikely that the
person you don't like is going to change
me and kind of said my ways but what are
the odds that I might change that person
you don't like pretty good pretty good
I'm pretty influential so the more time
I spend around people that you don't
like the better those people become now
I don't mean me in particular but in
general contact contact is good you see
president Trump visiting North Korea
because contact is good the president is
not becoming more of a dictator because
he visited Kim jong-un is he but Kim
jong-un might be becoming more of a
let's say more of somebody we can deal
with because the president has a
personal relationship with them so who
changed because Trump visited Kim which
one of them changed probably Kim now I
don't mean changed at a fundamental
level but in terms of how he's relating
to the
how he will relate to the world I think
Trump is exactly the same and I think
Kim is is opportunistically deciding to
change in a way that's good for North
Korea it's good for us so every time you
say somebody you like should not spend
time with or talk to somebody you don't
like you're making the world a worse
place under the conditions now this is a
condition that has to be true under the
condition that the person you like is
more influential more persuasive than
that person you don't like if you throw
me onto the island of I know the island
of bad people whoever they are the
islands gonna get a little nicer all
right I'm gonna make your island a
little bit nicer if you put me on the
island with criminals or the island of
whatever bad people and if those people
talk to me I'm not going to change what
they might so be careful what you wish
for all right I think that's about all
that's going on right now somebody sent
somebody on the comment says I once
responded to one of their comments and
the commenter says there are horrible
people horrible person
Portland Island yeah Portland is a
situation of violence so I think it's
fair to avoid violence but if I had a
yes I would talk to empty file so if
ante file wanted to come on my periscope
and enact will have an actual
conversation I would love that
and who is likely to be different at the
end of the conversation me or the person
from anti-fog well probably neither of
us because people don't change that
easily but a little more likely that the
anti-shah person is gonna leave with
some doubt and very little chance that
I'm gonna leave with some empty file
leanings
did you see that Lindsey Graham had some
good things to say about comm laris and
thought she could be a force to be
reckoned with I believe that's true so I
think she got a weak start Harris did
but she came on strong during the
debates and she showed she has a lot of
range and I think that's gonna help her
but there's nobody in the in the contest
who is competitive with Trump now I
don't know how any of the Democrats are
going to survive the the hand-raising
stuff when they were asks questions such
as how many of you would want to you
know the country I don't know I forget
how it was worded but how many of you
were in favor of giving up private
insurance for for public insurance and
some other questions that are just going
to be too hard for them to deal with in
the future
all right just looking at your comments
do you have any questions all right I
also saw somebody complaining that they
thought president Trump was just trying
to get a Nobel Prize for North Korea and
I think to myself that is the lamest
attack because how do you get there's
only one way to get a Nobel Peace Prize
you have to do something that's worthy
of a Nobel Peace Prize can you really be
mad at a leader for trying to get a
Peace Prize I would say that's the very
best motivation I can imagine I would
want all of my presidents to be at least
trying to get a Nobel Peace Prize you
know maybe you don't get one but you
should be doing something that would
movie in that direction
everybody who says let me tell you what
I'm just absolutely sick of hearing and
it's it's early I am so sick of hearing
people complain about Harris you know so
called sleeping her way to the top or
getting your job because she had an
affair with a married man and all that
now I'm not gonna say it's not true the
way you're characterizing it I am gonna
say it's 20 19 people people
it's 20 19 and none of that stuff
happened too recently let it go just let
it go it's not gonna have any influence
on the election none it's not
interesting it's not fun it's not new
just let it go I mean there are plenty
of reasons that she could lose the Trump
but her the the integrity of her
personal sex life is just not the thing
that's gonna make the difference there's
nothing less important than that
you people have identified literally the
least important thing about her and
decided to focus on it just trust me on
this I know you want to attack her and
it's fun because she's on the other team
and you know it's fun to say you know
naughty sex stuff about people but just
let it go please just let it go or or if
you don't want to let it go just let it
go when you're on periscope with me
because it's not useful it's not fun
it's not interesting it's just words it
just doesn't have any meaning it's 2019
the time to move on all right oh great
there's some other people saying the
same
where where's Trump's campaign manager
that's a good question oh uh Acosta was
grabbed Oh somebody remind me what was
the so was a Jim Acosta said something
to Trump he asked you a question about
whether whether is worried about
offending somebody and he said to Acosta
I don't mind if any people you should
know that to Acosta which is just like
what are the best comments ever somebody
says do I still think your settlement
with Iran is possible yes yes I believe
that some kind of a positive development
that involves Iran as well as larger
larger parts of the Middle East is
absolutely possible yes now I wouldn't
go so far as to say it's likely I will
only say that we've never been closer to
a table that's been set with all the
right players and all the right
situation to get something done that
looks like you know a more lasting
peaceful situation we've never been
closer and I wouldn't be surprised if
everybody recognizes that now Iran's
supreme leader let's talk about - shoki
all right so warm beer otto warmbier and
Khashoggi are exactly the same situation
yes we care about them yes we care that
they were brutally murdered we care at
whatever is the maximum you can care
about such things but we live in a big
complicated ugly world in which you have
to look at all the costs of things
versus all the benefits of a thing
before you decide to move and there
lots of costs and there if you do it
right there are lots of benefits the
Josh Oggy thing is one of the variables
if you decide to make it the only
variable and say to yourself and a
friend of mine recently made this
argument that from a moral standpoint
you should never deal with Saudi Arabia
because their leader did something we
don't like now suppose that prevents you
from having peace in the Middle East
would that be the right trade-off would
you take an ethical stand that says we
can't deal with why can't an MBS
then we can't deal with the crown prince
of Saudi Arabia because you know we
assume use involved in this murder if
you do that you're making that one
variable the thing that there's a
difference between war and peace the
death of thousands the death of millions
potentially how does that make sense how
do you justify that with your morality
now these are what I call half pinions
1/2 pinion is when you look at just the
cost of something or just the benefit
and you just sort of pretend that the
other stuff doesn't exist and it's not a
good way to go through the world who do
I think will be the Democratic nominee
I picked Kamla Harrison one year ago so
one year ago I said it would be Harris
and today I would say is going to be
Harris picture this will you Elizabeth
Warren and Camilla Harris and Joe Biden
on stage can you imagine let's say the
the final three comes down to Harris
Warren and Biden well it's not going to
be Biden I don't think
as I think he will just continue to
self-destruct I believe that Biden will
never have another day there will never
be a poll again there shows Biden
gaining on the crowd every poll from now
on he will be lower than he was relative
to the other people in the crowd so
that's my first prediction every poll
Biden will be lower until he's out of
the race now let's say you you've
decided there are two women in the top
two at least in the polling I think
that's gonna happen maybe you know
Bernie seems to be relevant I think it
was was a Dana Perino who said quite
unsightly she said nobody was talking
about Bernie Sanders after the debate
and that was a really good comment
because I always love it when people
look at the the blank space on the
canvass the people who noticed the thing
that's not happening that's always
harder to notice right because we're
attracted by shiny objects so if you're
looking at the shiny object you're
missing all the other stuff and as a
Dana Perino pointed out who's talking
about Bernie Sanders nobody nobody's
talking about Bernie Sanders so that I
think that tells you where that's going
to end up so I think it's gonna be
Warren and Harris and the final two now
you're a Democrat think of think of
Warren just just hold a mental picture
plus a picture of her policies and
personalities just hold it in her head
now now put it right next to Harris in
your head do you see it Warren is the
weak washed up version of Harris because
in your mind you're gonna say other to
women so you see you can automatically
say that these two need to be compared
and they're both fun personalities but
one is younger and one is a little
tougher and that one is Harris so I
think the younger tougher and let's be
honest
the one who's the person of color it's
got an advantage
she's got an advantage so I think Harris
lines up well with Warren when it gets
to the final two
and you don't see it as much when
there's a big crowd when it's a big
crowd you're not comparing any one
person's any one other person you're
comparing each person to the crowd if
you compare a Warren to the crowd she
was great
like she's way better than the average
of the crowd but assume this is one on
one
Harris versus Warren Warren's gonna
disappear a little bit she's she's sort
of a older washdown version a little
less flavor a little less spice than
Harris has so I think Harris matches
that better and it's going to be those
two those will be the final two and then
Harris I think can edge out Warren and
by the way I think Warren is good let me
make let me make the provocative had an
offensive prediction I'll make it a
predictor if Elizabeth Warren continues
to wear the same spectacles that she
wears now she will not win the
nomination I'm gonna say that again if
Elizabeth Warren continues to wear the
same glasses that she's been wearing so
far she will not win the nomination
because it makes her look like a
grandmother and she's gonna be standing
on stage probably next to Connell Harris
who just seems newer younger she's just
gonna seem like the shiny object if she
changes her glasses to something that
might look a little more modern or goes
with contact lenses if that's an option
or something she has a chance to take a
number of years off her age yeah she has
granny glasses and something saying if
she took five years off of her age by
simply just changing with glasses and by
the way
the reason I mentioned this is that I
did I did the same thing do you remember
the glasses I was wearing a year ago did
they make me look a lot older they did
right as soon as I change to a more
modern spectacles
I looked probably five years younger
just by changing the glasses and it's
not so much how you look physically it
makes you look like you have a little
more let's say connection to youth it's
not that you look younger per se they
say you will see me younger thinking
because you know at least you got your
outward look right you know her haircut
summit somebody's mentioning Elizabeth
Warren's haircut that's not bad I mean I
think it needs to be shaped a little
differently
to make it a little more modern for the
same same argument as the glasses but
the hair is pretty good I do like her
hair and I think that could be a little
more modern but it wouldn't take much
Ward has Trump hair it's funny
everything looks like Trump hair Warren
looks younger than 70 anyway she does so
I would say Warren that has impressed me
as a candidate and as a person because
she is in great shape she's got a great
energy and she is she's definitely
making a serious run for the presidency
so I I respect that even though her
policies seem a little impractical all
right oh yeah I've heard a number of
people say that Harris sounds like
they're crazy ex-wife you know I and I
guess everything this is very subjective
but when I listen to back in the Hillary
Clinton
days I could not stand and listening to
her talk I mean I just couldn't stand it
it was like stick a hot poker in my ears
but I don't really hear that with either
Harris or Warren I don't I don't get the
you know whatever it is that makes you
hate somebody's voice I don't really get
that from either them but I hear from
the number of you that you do so I'm not
going to discount that John Bolton was
conspicuously missing from the North
Korea crowd somebody says here in the
comments that's true that is true
Chyna deal yeah so I guess
President Xi I should have mentioned
that says that you know they at least in
concept that and I feel like I feel like
I got this story wrong can somebody fact
check could be on this because it seems
like it would have been a bigger story
but it's not even in the news today at
least in the top page the story was that
I believe President Xi said they were
going to do something to protect
intellectual property and I guess they
would make some other some other
accommodations that we would consider a
good like buying more more of our farm
goods etc and then there was some talk
about maybe Trump was going to agree to
buy some Huawei stuff I don't know if
any that's true but maybe it's not news
because we just don't believe China when
they say this stuff is is that the issue
there's the reason it's not news is
because when China says yeah well we'll
change the law to protect your
intellectual property that we just don't
believe it's ever could happen that
might be the problem likewise when China
said they were going to change the laws
to make fentanyl dealing in in China to
make it illegal even if it's a slight
variant of fentanyl which was the
problem before that their laws before
were very specific to a specific
chemical but there are they're acting
likes and look-alikes that are just
slightly different that we're not
illegal
which is how the dealers got away with
it so have you heard of China executing
any dealers I haven't right so I'm gonna
go on record as saying that I don't
believe president Chi in China is
credible or believable when he says that
they're gonna start executing fentanyl
dealers in China don't believe it I'll
believe it when I see it but sure of
seeing it I think you have to assume
that it will remain a negotiating issue
and I just don't think it's gonna happen
and let me say again I don't think we
should cite any kind of a deal with
China a trade deal unless they do it so
I don't think they're gonna do it it's
being cracked down and fentanyl and I
don't think we should ever make a deal
with them if they don't just period just
not do any deal at all just find other
people to deal with and if they don't
like that situation they know what to do
about it
that's my per my my preference and you
trust them to eliminate nuclear weapons
I do not I do not trust China to
eliminate nuclear weapons
I do trust them to know that I do trust
China to know that spending a trillion
dollars on nuclear weapons will not make
them safer than spending half a trillion
dollars so I do think there Russia in
the United States and China can figure
out how to keep their spending to a
level where they can destroy each other
a hundred times over instead of a
thousand times over I think they could
do that yes only because it's in their
best interest
yeah apparently Apple is moving some
macro production to China from the USA
that is how does Trump let that go I'll
tell you if if Apple did not have a
total stranglehold on my business I
would certainly at least think of not
giving them any more business but I'm so
locked into Apple's products
I could even think of making a change at
this point somebody's asking me yeah I
think the Democratic nominee will be a
woman I believe so
all right all right all right I think
I've said enough
and nothing else say and I will talk to
you later