well it's the best part of the day yeah
it's the best part of the day it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous sip and if you have not
discovered already how much better your
day is when you do this well you're in
for a good surprise aren't you and in
order to enjoy today this will be one of
the best one of the best all you need to
enjoy it is do you know do you already
know I think you do it's a cup of
outdoor glass a tanker chalice or Stein
they can't interpret flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
heat of the day the thing that makes
everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous F and it happens now go
well as I promised you on Twitter and in
the title of this periscope today I will
create a bubble reality around you this
will not be reality itself we don't have
access to that but I will create a
bubble around you that will make you
feel better all day will it last
we don't know might last Monday might
last longer but your little bubble
reality will be based on the following
concept are you ready I'm going to
create a bubble reality entirely out of
the process of imagining that the news
is true that's it
instead of imagining that the news is
fake I'm just going to tell you the
actual news and at least for today we're
just going to pretend it's true and when
I say the news I mean any news about
studies could be news that comes through
the Internet could be just a rumor but
we're gonna treat it like it's real just
for today and I want to create a little
bubble reality in which things are gonna
be really good
you ready first I'm going to teach you a
new skill now this is a continuation of
a skill that you've been taught before
so we're going to start out with
something useful and you're going to say
to yourself wow that was kind of useful
I've already gotten something good out
of today it goes like this I've taught
you the six dimensions of humor and if
you need a brush-up just google my name
and six dimensions of humor and you'll
see the six dimensions and the idea is
that you have to use any two of the six
to make a joke so while I've taught you
that and it doesn't matter which two and
it's better if you use more than two but
two is enough so the dimensions are and
I can never remember who off the top of
my head but it's like cute recognizable
clever bizarre naughty there's a six one
but the the idea is you want to use as
many as you can and I did a tweet in
which it will teach you exactly what
that looks like so here's the tweet and
then I'll tell you the technique behind
it because it's it's already got 40 F
4.25 thousand retweets which in my world
it would be a lot so the tweet was s I
like it when Congress wears masks most
of them should be ashamed to show other
faces and if they if you plan to rob the
public it helps to dress for the part
now the first thing you need to know
about this joke is that I almost didn't
write it because I thought of it and
then I wrote it down and I looked at it
I said you know this is not really edgy
it's just sort of it's sort of just
write down that fat middle where I'm
just saying what people want to hear you
know and I thought to myself I'm a
professional
I feel like as a professional I could do
better than this joke and then you know
what happened and then I thought back to
a moment in 1990 when I was giving a
presentation to a bunch of newspaper
editors and I was talking about the new
Dilbert comic that was relatively new at
the time and now was in 1990 it was yeah
was about 1990 and I was telling them
you know how great Dilber was so that
they would add it to the newspaper so
basically it was like a marketing event
for me but I was a speaker at an
editor's event I was just making sure
that they knew who I was and at the end
of my presentation a man I didn't
recognize stood up at the in the
question period and instead of a
question he had a comment and his
comment was that my cartoon the samples
that I'd shown him up front he said what
you have there is a cartoonists cartoon
and he went on to explain he said it's a
cartoon there would only that would only
appeal to other cartoonists can you
imagine that I'm standing in front of
all of my customers and a guy gets up
and tells me that I have a cartoon that
would not appeal to anybody in the
audience the only people would appeal to
there's another cartoonist said that in
public while I stood in front of a
roomful of my customers now I of course
did not appreciate this when it happened
and afterwards I went to my editor and I
said was it my editor of somebody was in
the room I said can you tell me who that
guy is who is that guy because I don't
like that guy that guy did not make my
day good and she said that's bill kiehn
bill Keith
you ever hear that me it was the creator
of the Family Circus one of the most
successful comics of all time
so he was a legend in the industry now
whether or not you you care for his
comic or not is irrelevant to the point
and then I realized that I had not just
been insulted in front of an entire
roomful of my customers but that I had
been insulted by the one of the most
famous cartoonists in the history of the
planet Earth in front of all of my
customers now what I learned who he was
I said to myself that for this bite this
this is not a good guy he's not a good
guy
however as criticism goes I learned what
he meant so I came to understand what he
meant when I said I had a cartoonist
cartoon what he meant was and here's the
fun part
I count this as the best advice probably
in the top three of the best advice I've
ever gotten indeed that day bill keen
made my career he actually turned me
into a successful cartoonist that day
because that advice stuck with me and
and it never left and I'm going to tell
you how it plays into this tweet in the
moment and the advice was this if I
write cartoons that appeal to me as a
cartoonist
I've lost the fact that I'm not like
other people
whatever it is that made me the
cartoonist probably also made my sense
of humor develop in a slightly different
way than most of the public so if I'm
creating a product for the public as
opposed to creating something to amuse
myself I should not be creating it with
all the elements that are designed to
abused myself and as a professional
cartoonist he could see it right away he
could see in my cartoons that I'd
written them for myself and I had it was
the most insightful thing I've ever
heard I've never had anybody say
anything that devastatingly insightful
about the nature of what I was doing and
when I realized fully what that meant
that I'm developing a product for other
people and then my ego was in the way
it's an ego problem my ego made me draw
comics for myself because I said to
myself you know essentially well if I
like him
anybody's gonna like him right once I
got that and I also realized that the
customers the you know the readers were
asking for Dilbert to be more in the
office and at the time he wasn't he
wasn't spending much time in the office
it wasn't really an office place comic
too much so I said to myself you know I
don't really love it when he's in the
office because that's actually my day
job I still had a day job and the last
thing I wanted was to have a comic that
was sort of my mental escape to be the
same as my day job because that's what I
was escaping from but it's not what the
customers want what the customers wanted
was my shared let's say my shared pain
of being in a cubicle because I still
was and that's what they wanted they
want to say hey I'm in a cubicle you're
in a cubicle let's talk about that and
so when I managed to take bilkins advice
eventually and managed to start writing
for the audience I realized that I
wasn't writing stuff that would
necessarily be exactly what I'd want and
this tweet that I sent out that as I
said went viral I almost didn't write it
because I said to myself you know it's
not the tweet that I would like do you
know how hard it is as an artist to
create art and I'm gonna say that a
tweet or anything you write if you're an
artist is art in a sense do you know how
hard it is to create art that you don't
like
do you know how hard that is it's very
rare and I just did that so this is a
tweet this tweet I personally dislike
but because of experience and because of
the I will say the gift that bill can
get bill kiehn gave me I was able to do
it so I was able to say alright here's
my ego but I'm not writing the tweet for
myself I'm writing it for other people
so I'm gonna write a tweet that I know
other people will enjoy I wrote it
BAM four point five thousand retweets
let me give you the end of the story
about Bill keen so I was of course I was
one of the you know the young
cartoonists at the time who made fun of
family the Family Circus for being I
always say circle is a Family Circus
Circus right I would make fun of it
because it wasn't cool and I thought hey
I'm a I can make these edgy cartoons why
can't bill Keene
why can't he make you a cartoon this
edgy and cool the way I would like it
and then you look at his sales one of
the top cartoonists and the whole
freaking world number of clients all
over the world
he drew cartoons for other people and
when I got to know him a little bit
because he was Iran there was a big
cartoon society and he was big in that
and he was the host of all the cartoon
events that were like the Oscars and so
I got to know him a little bit and
realized that he wasn't anything like
the person who stood up in other words
he wasn't a dick he was actually a
really nice guy like a really nice guy
and and I guess it was tough love
basically it was the most useful advice
I've ever gotten but it turns out that
his own personality his own sense of
humor wasn't anywhere close to the
product he created he had learned to
create a product for his customers that
I'm pretty sure he didn't like himself
yeah once you got to know him you would
see how different his sensibilities were
than his actual product and then I'd say
oh I get it now
you learned to make a product for other
people I get now I see how this works so
and then and then the at the end of the
story
Dilbert became you know financially
successful and got a lot of attention
and the mid-nineties and there was this
one event called the Reubens
and the Reubens were like the Oscars for
cartoonists and I'd never won anything
as a cartoonist and I think I'd been
nominated and lost once before and so
one day I get I get nominated for the
two top awards so within my category the
top awards would be the best comic strip
so that would be the top of the comic
strips but then there's an award above
all the other cartoonists Awards so then
you're also could get an award for the
the best of all cartoons of any kind so
those are the two best awards so I got
nominated for both in the same year the
two top awards and I wasn't gonna go
because by that time I was like ah you
know I got nominated last time I I
rented a tuxedo
I took my ass across the country spent
two days at this event and then I didn't
win it's just sort of depressing so I
decided I wasn't going to attend because
I just didn't care that much at that
point and Bill Qian calls me home so
that so now we're gonna complete the
story here so it's years later I'm now a
famous cartoonist one of the most famous
cartoonists in the country this is years
after Bill kiemce you know insulted me
but gave me the best advice I've ever
gotten and yet he calls me at home and
he says now by this time you also have
to know that we'd done a cartoon trade
where we had also communicated and we he
drew my comic for a day and I drew his
comic for a day it was part of a big
national thing so we already knew each
other and I had come to like him as a
person because
I got to understand them a little better
and then I was like okay I get it now
and he calls me at home he says you know
you've been nominated for the two top
awards in cartooning the you know the
greatest honors you could ever have in
cartooning and we understand you're not
going to attend and I told him why I go
yeah you know I was just disappointing
last time and yeah I'm busy
that's just doesn't matter I just don't
want to do it and then bill Keane said
this is one of the coolest things
anybody's ever done he said that you
know there's this guy I forget who it
was he goes and he got nominated and he
also didn't go and then when he didn't
go he ended up winning and and he always
would fell bad because he went and he
didn't win and of course I knew that I
mean I knew if I went and I wond
which I wasn't expecting you know I do
I'd feel bad but I figured I can't that
much and then bill Keene says this he
goes you've been nominated for the two
top awards if you don't come and if you
want you might be twice as unhappy as he
was and I said what and he said you
might be twice as unhappy and I said got
it okay got it
in other words bill kid already knew
that I had won and he knew that I had
won both awards and he was making damn
sure that I did that I didn't miss it
okay so so that was the that was the
sort of the wrap up of that so bill
Keene he came through so that's that
here's a question for you here's a
suggestion for you did you ever wonder
about your digital assistants listening
to you all day
so your digital assistants are you know
listening to all your conversations
allegedly or are they actually listening
is your phone listening to you is my
Amazon digital assistant listening to me
right now
well you're worried about that don't you
so here's my recommendation to you
here's what I do
randomly during the day I confess to
crimes that I didn't do because if I
could get enough body of work into the
digital assistant then someday when it
finds it accuses me of a crime I did do
and they check the records and they say
look right here we were recording you
the whole time and that we found this
record and it says you you did kill you
did kill that guy and I'm gonna say
really oh really you believe that
because I set it in the room and it got
picked up on my digital assistant well
if you'll go back and check the records
I believe you'll also find my confession
for killing JFK I believe you'll also
find my statement that I have DNA for
Bigfoot you will also find that I went
fishing and caught the Loch Ness monster
so let's put them in context shall we so
that's my advice to you all day long you
should just admit to crimes occasionally
you should scream as though you're doing
on a domestic abuse situation you know
you should you should stage every
possible crime then you might later be
accused of so you've got a big body of
fakes and then somebody says well it's
right there on your own in your own
voice oh yeah let me show you something
else that's in my voice yeah contacts
 all right
there is some breaking news the the epic
times apparently has an article on this
it turns out that speaking of
surveillance it turns out that maybe
Flynn was not unmasked what yeah it
turns out that maybe Flynn was not
unmasked according to the transcripts
there's some indication that they got
the Flynn transcripts directly from the
NSA you know the NSA that's sucking up
everybody's conversation everywhere
allegedly well turns out if you get it
that way there's no unmasking to do
because nothing is math that's right you
can just apparently if you're in the
government and you've got you say you've
got a reason apparently somebody has
access to raw unmasked footage of every
American in every conversation
presumably and they just had to ask for
it do you believe that do you believe
that this whole time that we've been
lied to
I'm gonna say lied that we've been lied
to about the idea that our government
would be so guarded with our privacy
that the government itself had put up
rules so that even the government
couldn't look at who the people were
unless they had you know special legal
process to do it
turns out none of that was true
sure how hard would it be if you if you
wanted to know who the masked person was
apparently you can just go to the NSA
and just say well I don't want to go
through the Basking process just tell me
just give me the give me the transcript
somebody says that is it Snowden's book
well we certainly know we knew from
Snowden that everything was being
collected here's the part I didn't know
I didn't know how easy it was for the
government to get access to it meaning
that I didn't know what situations
would present themselves I thought it
was more of a terrorist kind of a
situation I assumed it was more of a
people we thought were pretty guilty
situation you don't really think of it
in terms of as sort of a political
situation do you so if you haven't lost
all trust in your government yet that
should do it so I think we should treat
as a fairy tale
the idea of masking should we should we
as citizens we're now informed to
citizen's right as informed citizens
should we even act like masking is a
real thing because it's not I mean
apparently it's not we've we've been
completely lied to this whole time
so let's watch that story develop all
right so I promise you I would create a
bubble reality in which you can live in
it happily the bubble reality will last
at least today and I'm going to build
this bubble reality using nothing but
the news including stuff that comes
across the internet and I'm just gonna
treat it all like it's true okay just
gonna treat it all like it's true and
watch this bubble reality form around
you it might not be permanent but you'll
like it today number one have you
noticed that for every business that is
actually open and of course that isn't
that many doesn't seem like a lot of the
businesses that are open have more
demand than they can handle
think about it if you were to open a
restaurant today in my town you would
have way more demand than you can handle
because there aren't that many open that
is really good news the pretty much
everything this open has plenty of
demand so as long as the demand is
driving reopening that's good news and
as I've said half of the country or
something like it didn't actually lose
money something like half of the country
made money somehow because they still
got paid but they didn't have much in
the way of expenses for three months so
weirdly
half of the country is ready to spend
and I feel what like when when business
is reopened they're going to be
surprised were you surprised that the
cruise ships are already over booked for
next year the cruise ships if you were
to guess one thing they should not be
overbooked for next year top of my list
would be cruise ships but even they are
booked people have money
you know not everybody it's like half
half the country but the half that has
the money they're looking to spend that
money that's good news
so that's the first part of your bubble
I'm going to form the first part is that
the recovery it's looking pretty good
it's looking pretty good
yeah you know the potential recovery the
other thing is weren't you panicked
about all this money we're printing hey
we can't just print trillions of dollars
but the more I hear from experts who
sort of understand that world of
printing money in monetary policy and
debt it turns out that maybe we can it
turns out that in this very unique
situation which is unlike any other
situation it might be the only situation
where you can actually print trillions
of dollars so we did ya have you noticed
what's missing here's a dog that's not
barking where's the dog barking on
television where there's an economics
expert in The Economist who's saying
yeah I know it's an emergency and we
printed all this money but we're
definitely doomed because of that where
is that guy where's that woman right
isn't that conspicuously missing
it's conspicuously missing because every
situation has a person on the other side
name one other situation in the news
that doesn't have an expert on the other
side saying that you know it's all doom
you can't do this it's a big mistake
have you seen one economist an actual
qualified person go on the news and
say look I got to raise my hand all this
printing of money
boom six months from now we're doomed or
whatever it looks like when somebody
says Peter chef well I'm gonna reserve
my comment about that but well no I'm
gonna give a comment about that well you
have to watch out for if somebody who's
famous for making a right call in the
past right if somebody's made the
correct call in the past they have an
incentive to try to get another big one
right so I'm always a little distrustful
of the person who got that big call in
the past right and became famous for it
you know it's sort of the person I trust
the least now watch out for the people
also who don't know the difference
between printing money and debt
everybody says Peter chef yeah Peter
Schiff is mr. doom so I haven't seen him
on television as he did on CNBC so
anyway my since we're building a bubble
reality we're gonna ignore Peter Schiff
and I'm gonna say that it does seem to
be to me that the majority of economists
are not panicked about it otherwise
you'd see them on the TV so the first
thing is we probably can print money
it'll have some costs later but looks
like it you know at the moment it looks
like we can handle it
we'll have plenty of demand we've got
plenty of people ready to spend here's
the other good news there has been a
burst of entrepreneurial energy that
you're really going to see coming to
fruition you can already see all the
seeds but people have rethought
everything that from from the bottom up
people have rethought you know how do we
commute learn to online education
everything and there's going to be a
burst of entrepreneurial energy maybe
like we've never seen maybe since the
internet was new but even that was
slower than what we're gonna see the
this might forever be referred to as
some great entrepreneurial
wave you know I think historically we'll
look back and say something happened in
2020 that wasn't just the virus there
was something about the whole way we
think about risk the whole way we build
businesses the whole way we we operate
as a civilization and that is going to
drive amazing amount of economic
activity now let's talk about the health
parts alright so so so far I've made my
argument that the economy is actually
going to be not just good but if I had
to put a bet on it it'll be good in a
way we've never even seen it that good I
believe that the golden age is about to
be unlocked and that this is the third
act to the Golden Age it's the thing
that made you say my god I don't know if
we can get there everything just fell
apart but it didn't because we can
actually rebuild this and pretty quickly
and all the parts are there so let me
talk about the health part and here's
the fun the fun part oh and also I'll
throw on to the economic part that will
certainly be pulling our supply chains
back from China the the pulling of the
supply chains back and they're the
reinvigoration of manufacturing in this
country is guaranteed to be a long-term
economic benefit I mean it's really it's
almost certain that that's gonna be a
good thing so you got that going - all
right here are some things I've seen
today so I saw a thread that I tweeted
you can take a look at it's of my
Twitter future in which the there was a
recent study that said
hydroxychloroquine didn't make any
difference and this individual I don't
know much about him but he dug into the
study and found out that you had to
really try hard to make it look like it
didn't work and the trick that they used
I don't know why but the trick they used
to make the hydroxyl chloroquine look
like it didn't work was they lumped
together two types of different
comes people who got put on ventilators
and then people who actually died so
people who went on ventilators and
didn't die were added together with
people who did die what why would you
add together people who didn't die with
people who did die ever try to come up
with the result now remember if somebody
else looked at this critic they might
say well no the critic is wrong the
study was right the way they did it but
that's not what we're doing today today
what we're doing is I'm forming a bubble
reality in which this is true so what's
true just for the bubble reality not the
real reality we can't see that one but
the bubble reality for today is that the
studies saying hydroxychloroquine don't
work are bogus and here's a perfect
example because these the study itself
clearly shows it did all you have to do
is take the ventilated part out leave
the people who died and suddenly you
compare it and 89% of the people without
hydroxychloroquine died but only 60
percent who had it died 60 percent
versus almost 90% and that's in the
study
this says hydroxychloroquine doesn't
work and solely because they did this
weird thing of adding together people
who lived with people who didn't live
what what why would you do that
well apparently people who know what
they're doing have an argument for why
that might have sort of made sense but
other people are gonna say it doesn't so
so let us accept in our bubble reality
the hydroxychloroquine does work and
this study actually was the worst
situation which is they waited until
people were already in bad shape so this
was only for people who were in bad
shape and the whole point of hydroxyl
chloroquine is that use you add it to
the zinc you give it to people early and
they don't get bad in the first place so
the first part of the bubble i'm gonna
say that hydroxyl chloroquine reduces
deaths by 30
that is that true doesn't matter because
this is a bubble reality does it seem
like it could be true I'd say absolutely
yes if you told me that that the truth
is a hydroxyl chloroquine if
administered early on reduced ultimate
deaths by 30% I would say I would say to
you that feels true it's not proven true
by science and that's what you have to
wait for but we're in a bubble reality
today
we're just going to feel good for today
so it's true for today all right so
that's 30% benefit right off the top
there then another study out of
Northwestern University researchers
looked at data from 10 countries and
they found this correlation turns out
that wherever there's low vitamin D they
have bad outcomes
so if you ever heard that before
that's right turns out that there's
another study showing a very strong
correlation and in fact the correlation
is so strong it's something like 50%
more likely to have trouble if you've
got low vitamin D 50% now again you have
to watch out for the correlation versus
causation so just because people had low
vitamin D it doesn't mean that's what
caused them to have problems it could be
a correlation but given that we know
vitamin D is so so in what is it
implicated in your entire immune
response and good health in general I'm
going to accept it as true so now we
have two things we're accepting is true
for today anyway one is a if you if you
boost your vitamin D and I expect all of
you have done that by now all of you
should have looked at your vitamin D
said what's my situation is my skin
light or dark am I in the Sun where do I
live can I supplement you should have
all done that by now so you've all taken
your vitamin D by now
or you'll do it by the end of today
and you've lowered your risk by 50% does
the science say that no no the science
does not say that but it's suggesting it
it's sort of hinting maybe it might be
in that direction so now we've got a 30%
reduction from the hydroxychloroquine
we've got a 50% reduction in risk from
just vitamin D to cheap widely available
things all right how's your bubble so
far you've got an economy that almost
certainly will recover in ridiculously
well I mean I think 2021 is going to be
for the history books
honestly I'm very much with Trump on
that all right here's another one
turns out that there's a blood test you
could do and if you if you find the
people have a certain kind of blood
situation I guess it's there there LDH
with 90% accuracy you can study people's
LDH and their I don't H s CR P it's
another another marker in your blood and
with 90 percent effectiveness they can
tell if you're gonna have a bad outcome
90 percent effectiveness they can test
your blood ahead of time before you even
have the coronavirus and they can tell
if you're in the 10% who's going to have
that bad problem now how hard is it to
test your LDH probably most of you
already have that test right so somebody
says LDH is indicative of comorbidity
well I don't know about that certainly
could be true but suppose it's true
remember today is bubble reality day we
accept all studies as true
just for today let's say it's true that
we have a simple blood test which in
fact I think most people have already
taken I think I could get on I think I
could log on to my healthcare account
and see my LD age right and I know it's
in a good range so I'm not worried about
so now you have your LD H which which
even if changing your LD h doesn't
change your risk it tells you if you
have risk and then allow oh look at my
Twitter feeds so if you're looking for
these studies or anything that the ones
I'm mentioning I tweeted today
so it'd be toward the top of the Twitter
feed so you got that alright so you've
got vitamin D cuts the risk in half
you've got hydroxychloroquine maybe cuts
the risk of risk by 30% you've got these
new blood tests we're gonna imagine that
they work even if they don't we're gonna
say that they won't that won't tell you
what to do I'm not suggesting that if
you improve your LDH you'll have a
better outcome that's that's not
demonstrated by anything but it could
tell you if you have a risk so it could
tell you who to hide and who can go back
to work
imagine if you could know with 90
percent effectiveness who can go back to
work big difference right how about this
there's another study that came out and
again all studies are true just for
today this said Universal mask-wearing
would reduce the transmission by eighty
percent which would make sense for why
as some Asian countries did so well
right turns out that the let me make I'm
gonna make a generality that is unfair
and racist I'm gonna do it anyway you're
okay with that everybody okay I'm gonna
say something this sounds racist just
see if you could deal with it okay
Asian countries my guess and I'm looking
for a fact check here so if you want to
just say Scott Scott Scott what kind of
an idiot are you that's just a racist
stereotype that's not true at all so
fact check me on this culturally
speaking would it be as comfortable for
somebody in let's say Japan or Singapore
or Hong Kong
would it be as comfortable for them to
go in public without a mask as it would
for an American because I'm thinking not
right I'm thinking if you went outside
today in South Korea or you went to some
public place without a mask I don't know
how long you're gonna last because I
would think that the social pressure
would be so extraordinary that their
compliance with mass is very high now
that's the racist part right because
like why you know why would I say that
about this so my statement is more you
should be taken as cultural not racist
I'm hoping you're all adult enough to
know the difference but the American
character by you know a historical norm
the normal American when they hear that
the the law or the rule is you have to
do something what does every American
instinctively want to do the day they're
told they can't do something the moment
you hear that you're not supposed to do
it if you're an American you say I'm
gonna do some of that I'm gonna do that
what do you mean I can't do that
have you heard of freedom have you heard
of the Constitution what do you mean I
have to wear a mask how about I'm not
gonna wear a mask because you told me I
have to how about that how about I'm not
only going to not wear a mask I'm gonna
go on TV without my mask I'm gonna tell
other people not to wear a mask I'm
gonna will I die yeah I might yeah it
might kill me might actually be
dangerous for other people too but
freedom but freedom so am I am i right
to say that the American character just
automatically rejects Authority and so
you wouldn't expect a good you know as
good a uptake of masks all right let's
put it together so American certainly
can wear masks if we decide we want to
our UN Americans will reject being told
by their government to do anything just
automatically we reject it
but we certainly will do things we think
are good ideas right if our government
just told us something that's a good
idea
and we looked at it and said well that's
just a good idea we'll do it even if
it's hard here's another thing that's
part of the American character I'd like
to say and nothing's universal right but
it's part of the American character if
you say Americans you're gonna have to
do something that's really hard but you
have to do it because it's the only way
to get by it's really hard
what do Americans do they say can we do
it right away it's really hard people
are gonna die can we get started now
we've never run from this stuff right
Americans go at danger you tell an
American that there's a problem we run
at it if you tell us something's hard we
say can we start now if it's hard we
should start right away
get it over with so put it all together
masks 80% effective let's say American
public buys into the truth of it and now
it's not the government telling them to
wear a mask that's different government
tells me to wear a mask mmm maybe yes
maybe no but if the data tells me to
wear a mask and it's hard I'm gonna wear
a mask I don't care it's hard I'm an
American yeah if it's hard I'm gonna do
it anyway I'm gonna do is sooner because
it's hard all right so you got your
hydrochloric weaned takes 30% off
allegedly you got your vitamin D 50% off
you got your blood test they'll tell you
90 percent likelihood you got your mass
that'll be eighty percent effective
you've got your social distancing you've
got your reopening what's happening
you've got your New York's New York just
look at that Memorial Day Memorial Day
is 12 days away thirteen days away can
you make it two more weeks can the
public make it two more weeks without
everything breaking
we can we absolutely can I'm very much a
big fan of what I would call the
productive friction in in society the
most productive friction you've ever
seen is the conversation between going
back to work sooner and not going back
to work sooner what I see people
fighting hard on both sides of that you
know really digging in to make their
argument for both sides that makes me
happy
if you're saying to yourself oh I wanted
one side to win I don't think that's
your most enlightened view your best
situation is that those two sides are
fighting it out in public and and and
you're slowly moving in the direction
that makes sense you want you want a
productive friction there you want
people on both sides of that argument
and you want really capable people
arguing both sides that's what we need
you don't need a winner you need a fight
because when this is done you want to
know that you want to know that this was
totally you know rinsed out turned
around and turned inside out you want to
know that we fought over it you want to
know that the you know the best people
were involved you want to know that we
disagreed you want to know that we
turned over every rock you want to know
that we really fought over this then
then if we fought over it it's more
credible even if we got it wrong you
know we'll always argue that we should
have done it in different way it's our
that's also a part of our national
character will always argue that it was
wrong but the fighting is what makes it
credible and I would argue that the the
fighting if you will has been really a
credit to the population I would say
that the way let me give you some
context early on when this when this
situation was breaking a very smart
person in my
was telling me this could go to the
point where the the military is just
running the country a complete breakdown
of society could have happened it was
entirely possible that the direction
this would go was a complete breakdown
of civilization that was not Anna the
question but how did let's just talk
about Americans because I just have more
knowledge of that group let's talk about
Americans how did Americans respond when
put in the situation than if they had
acted wrong civilization would have been
destroyed they had protests how many how
many people fired their weapons at
protests so far the protests about
opening up zero zero zero people how
much how many stories of something like
violence have you heard from a protest
itself not now from individuals being
arrested in ways that you wish you'd
never seen but at the protests about
zero how many people have gone hungry
because other people were not willing to
do whatever they needed to make sure
that the hungry got fed zero zero have
you heard of anybody who starved because
the people were not starving did the
right thing
they said whoa hold on we've got a whole
bunch of people of my starve drop
everything we got if we got to feed
people and we succeeded if you look at
the at each challenge that this is
presented can you get enough ventilators
can you get enough PPE can we get money
to people can we feed them can we keep
them alive can we keep the can we keep
the hospitals from crashing guess what
we succeeded on every one of those
things every one of those things we
succeeded it
handily we succeeded with room to spare
on everything
now of course testing you know just
takes a while to to get up and running I
don't I'm not going to be the guy who
says that we failed at testing its it is
unambiguously true there should have
been more you should have been in terms
of we wish there had been more I'm not
gonna say should have been because you
just some things just take a while and I
would guess that the things we're doing
for testing are are incredible
and I would say that when this is done I
we are close enough to the endgame now
where I'm going to make you a prediction
that I will live and die by and I feel
completely confident in this we're close
enough to the end the end line with
enough stuff opening up and something
that looks like a plan we're close
enough that the odds of civilization
just going to hell now in these last few
weeks
zero zero our risk of total collapse in
my opinion had just reached zero and the
reason is we're too close to the end
line nobody nobody gives up the race
when they're a few steps from the finish
line because they're yeah we have we
have plenty left in reserve we're not
even close to beaten yeah well I mean
we're basically climbing on top of this
virus like nobody's ever climbed on top
of anything you know I mean we're we're
you know we're getting on top of this
thing
and it's working so here's the thing I
declare that the economy as a hundred
percent chance of recovering in a
spectacular way 2021 will be the the
time that we see the tech that comes
true I declare that the combination of
all these little things we're doing to
beat the virus are right at the point
where we're just going to climb on top
of this freakin thing and and and I
think that I think that the you know
once once were on top of it
it's gonna look good alright so that is
my bubble reality economy made it I'm
declaring I'm declaring this is a big
deal by the way if this doesn't make you
feel good you know you're not in the
bubble yet but getting the bubble with
me it is my opinion that the risk you
know the catastrophic risk to the
economy is actually over it's actually
over certainly a risk to how quickly we
come back tons of risk for individuals
who need to be you know we need to do
what we can to make sure everybody who
who got the worst of this it gets a hand
up but do we know that we are those
people have we learned that we will take
care of each other yes we have we have
learned that if people need this ongoing
help we have learned unambiguously that
the rest of the country the rest of the
world apparently will do what it needs
to do so your risk of starvation is zero
your risk that the economy will be
catastrophic ly damaged I put it zero
the risk that we won't open up in some
kind of a staggered faltering fashion
over the next three months zero we are
going to open up and I would say
unambiguously and this is the part
that'll add that science has not caught
up to me so I'm gonna get ahead of
science here right those of you want to
stay outside the bubble you're welcome
to it and outside the bubble you'd say
oh I need those I need those reliable
clinical tests where I really know what
therapeutics work okay but there are
enough things happening from who knows
maybe the Sorrento cure is real you know
probably not but there are enough things
going on that I think we're gonna have
it now I'd like to say again because I
just can't get this out of my head
the president has promised you know this
this warp-speed
project to get to a vaccine and while I
have great great doubt about whether a
vaccine is possible the fact that all of
the experts are seem to be so so
optimistic about it for today's purposes
I'm going to say you couldn't have that
many experts tell you that we're going
to have a vaccine with so many people
working on in so many different flavors
of it it's very unlikely we're not going
to have something like a vaccine so I'm
going to for the purpose of your
feel-good bubble say there will be a
vaccine and that this warp-speed thing
does look like exactly the right thing
every now and then your government does
something where you say to yourself hey
you should okay that's exactly what you
should have done and this warp-speed
project is exactly what we should be
doing I like it a lot but the best part
I like here's the part that Trump
understands better than any president
has ever understood it he knows the show
he understands that our psychology is
what drives the economy and that the
show in other words that everything the
spectacle he puts on is part of what
drives our psychology which is what
drives our economy so if you want a good
2021 how do you want the public to feel
well you want to feel positive you want
to feel optimistic you want to feel
patriotic you want to feel like you're
building like your your your coming back
from something you want to feel
victorious so what does the president
come up with that the the day we have
enough of this vaccine let's say we get
the vaccine we're going to say it does
happen because this is optimism day he's
going to use the US military to deliver
it using every plane train not train but
every plane boat and truck
now what will that do to your psychology
how will you feel watching the US
military deploying to you know every
town and city in the United States with
life-saving vaccines that are designed
for the the most vulnerable first taking
care of the seniors first and vulnerable
populations how will you feel when
that's the news because the news it's
going to be very visual which is what
the president does best I mean he knows
visual gee he's just so good at that how
are you gonna feel about that somebody
says I feel the country is broke mmm
I'll bet you wouldn't because the the
country is even the news will frame this
as a positive development I've got a
feeling that you are going to feel so
good about this that that good feeling
will actually boost the economy there
will be that effective rarely rarely
could you ever imagine there could be a
will say an event or a spectacle or
something they could have that much
effect on the national mood but that you
know whoever came up with the idea of
the military delivering this it's just
brilliant
it really is I'd like to think it was
Trump because it's right in his
wheelhouse
all right so that's that is what I
wanted to tell you today all right how
many of you feel happier because at
least at least now you've got a little
optimism
do I think that zoom records all
conversations like the NSA well I don't
know if it records all of them but it
wouldn't be hard for it to look for
keywords and recorded the ones that had
the right keywords so I don't know but
any and and I think that zoom is trying
hard to get it to get their product to
not go through any Chinese servers so by
now maybe they've accomplished that I
don't know so it could be the zoom is
turning things around we'll see I hope
so because oome zoom is one of the just
coolest American companies if I'm being
honest if you had to look at just the
product if you say to yourself alright
zoom as a product it's really really
good I gotta say because I use it quite
a bit and if you if you've used any
other thing you know like Skype for
example
Skype is pretty good skypes good zooms
better oh good I'm looking at your
comments and it looks like many of you
are enjoying the bubble reality good
good good well looks like that worked
alright that I think what I'm going to
do is leave it on the positive note
somebody's asking me if I can tell you a
dirty joke I can but I'm not gonna do it
today and I'm gonna leave it there take
that good feeling into the rest of your
day
be aware that you've created a
subjective reality but you can enjoy it
for today because what were you gonna do
about the coronavirus today anyway might
as well enjoy your day
that's all for now I'll talk to you
tonight