[Music]
bum bum bum hey
everybody it's time for a very special
coffee with Scott Adams I'll be your
host Scott
Adams and I hope you have an afternoon
appropriate beverage to join me for yet
another simultaneous sip this one in the
Serv of solving the country's biggest Mo
Problem at the moment which is the
government shutdown a big hardship for
many people on top of that the
disagreement about the budget for the
border
wall and are you ready to join me for
this simultaneous
sip that's good afternoon sipping all
right so here's the launch point I think
you're all following the news you know
that uh the Democrats uh don't want to
agree to president Trump's uh request
for 5.7 billion for some kind of barrier
structure situation but at the same time
they also agree that we need border
security so we civilians watching this
the people who vote the people who own
this country the voters in this
Democratic like process we look at these
politicians
who seem to be saying the same freaking
thing and because they can't agree to
agree on the thing that they agree on
literally that's what's happening
they're they're failing to agree on the
stuff that they agree on which is
Engineers should figure out some good
way to secure the border so in the
meanwhile uh they've got the best jobs
in the world where if they don't do
their jobs you hear I'm talking about
the president as well as Congress
if they don't do their jobs they get to
punish
strangers like literally they're
punishing
strangers I never wanted to be in
Congress so much as I do right now
because I'm thinking every other time
I've had a job or done something you
know that required making money if I did
something terrible usually something
happened to
me it's true but apparently there are
jobs or if you do a really bad job they
just punish other people and they will
just keep punishing them until you start
doing your job and fact they will punish
them as hard as they need to to make you
do your job so I thought I would solve
all this and as you know I like to jump
in and talk about uh
persuasion as a filter on the news and
I'm going to give you a suggestion that
you haven't seen yet no one has no one
has yet discussed this option and it's a
simple reframe framing of the problem so
that you move from the political uh you
know loggerhead situation and you move
it into you know a problem solving frame
and the this the solution goes like this
you simply ask the
Democrats and you give them time you
know that it doesn't have to have happen
in a week or anything but you just say
could you draw a picture for the country
of what your preferred version
of border security looks like and if you
want and if you want you know if you
want big uh parts that don't have fences
don't have Borders or anything you know
maybe you have a
drone yeah maybe you say that the there
water features that stop enough people
that you know that's good enough but
just draw us a picture so this one's
just
conceptual and label it you might label
it like what does this part cost you
might label that you're going to add a
bunch of uh I think they're going to add
some scanning technology they want to
when they are I think maybe they need
some extra dogs there are a theoretical
number of dogs that make this a lot uh
safer so let's just see their
budget on a picture of the border that
says yeah you know we'll put a little
we'll put a little uh steel lattice
there this is a special
case or they'll say we just need some
low barb wire with you know some sensors
you know even Israel does that in some
places and they put a little dollar
amount on it and say this is this is a
10 million or whatever it is so just
show us what you would do because
remember the the thing that both sides
both sides have agreed to at this point
is that they want strong border security
they want capable border security but
they want it to be
moral now if you the
Republicans how exactly do you negotiate
with someone whose standard is the
morality of barriers and that I guess
there are some that are more moral than
others there's nothing you can do with
that so you have to take that completely
out of that frame and simply ask them to
lead so the president could or in fact
Let me let me take the president out of
this what does the president have to do
with this nothing at this point so what
I'm saying you don't need the
president's involvement whatsoever you
know you you and I are enough suppose we
say I would love to see your plan and
mean it all right here's the key you
have to really mean it and I mean it I'm
I'm 100% sincere and I think pretty much
everybody watching this is going to have
the same reaction right wouldn't you
like to
see what we already have maybe overlaid
with you know some let's say some
information from border security or
border patrol whatever this says you
know we're letting this many people are
coming in this way and you know this
many people are coming in this way you
know put a little high level statistics
on it whatever you think is important
and then just draw us a picture it might
be a few different pages you know
because of the you know the size of
things Etc but just make it simple show
us a picture of what we got and show us
a picture of what you'd like to get us
to and I will make a firm commitment
here if it looks good if it looks good
and it doesn't have an ounce of
wall I'm good with
it wouldn't you be I mean is there
anybody who really cares if there's a
wall I I think we're way past that right
if they could make the cake
that a wall in all cases doesn't make
sense wouldn't you accept that now it
would have to be a really good
case right and you know there are lots
of experts who can give you an idea of
when walls work and when they don't now
my full expectation to be fair my full
expectation is that nobody could make a
case for no walls the entire border I
don't think anybody could make the case
but don't you think you owe it
to the country to listen to the case all
they have to do is make it just let it
make the case uh I would listen to this
and I would I would get behind whatever
solution the experts said now the news
networks of course need fodder they need
stuff to talk about how much fun would
it be and I mean this seriously to get
sort of the highlevel uh education about
how all this stuff is done you know
wouldn't you love to know exactly what
an elect Ric wall looks like wouldn't
you love to see some of the startups
that are doing things would you sort of
geekish wouldn't you like to know why
has worked in other places it would be
kind of fun yeah I I I would be addicted
to it frankly uh just from the
engineering nerdiness of it all
so let's uh let's see if we can uh get
the Democrats and I mean this completely
seriously to get out of the frame
they're in and into a frame of here's
what we would do CU it doesn't help us
to say we won't do it because it's
immoral it just doesn't help now I
probably wouldn't care about any of this
frankly like I I'm not that invested in
most issues but when you've got
800,000 freaking Americans who are being
tortured because some other people who
can't do their jobs well maybe they need
a little help so I thought i' jum jump
in and see if I could maybe uh maybe
make a difference so that's all I've got
to say I want to just keep it on this
one topic
uh all right looking at your comments
looks like uh we've done what we need to
do here and I will talk to you later