[Music]
well as soon as everybody gets here and
I've got my notes we're going to have
the show of shows a show like you've
never seen
[Music]
[Music]
before good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and I don't think you've had
a better time in your whole life but if
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that no human can even understand
with their tiny smooth brains all you
need for that is a cuper marber glass
with tanker chalice sign a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid eyelight
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine of
the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous sipping
happens about now
I hope everybody's
here so
good ladies and
Gentlemen let's talk about some of the
fake science before we get to the fake
news did anybody miss the Sip I'm trying
to time it so I stall just long enough
you all get in here all right well
there's a study that says the number of
college students diagnosed with PTSD has
more than
doubled do you believe
that I believe that the number diagnosed
is more than doubled do you think that
the number with PTSD has
doubled or do you think maybe it's just
because has a name here's a mental
experiment if I said to you tomorrow
there's a new condition it's a mental
condition in which you worry too much
about what other people will think about
you and it stops you from doing some
things and you'd say well that sounds
like something that has some other name
and I'd say no no has a new name has a
new name there's a new condition how
many people would be diagnosed with that
condition
tomorrow
Millions because as soon as you have a
new name for something suddenly you
think well I got a name for it
so see which side is this side's a
little light
yeah I think it has something to do with
the fact that it became a popular thing
that everybody had a name for and once
they had a name for it everybody had it
we got diagnosed but on top of that I do
think that uh the the Lesser physical
activity and you know maybe the ultr
processed foods and and uh just the
terror of living in the modern world it
might make it worse but I would think
that 60% of it is just because they gave
something a name that was a common
experience before had a name meaning
that people felt bad and traumatized for
a variety of reasons just didn't have a
name well the Wall Street Journal says
that AI might be slowing down and uh
couldn't it's possible it's it was
overrated now this Falls squarely into
the category of things I told you before
other people told you which is it seemed
to me logically that once you trained it
on everything you could find you know
all the good stuff you would run out of
things to make it smarter which is
what's happening they're running out of
new material to train it so it's as
smart as it's going to get from the
things it's already trained on so
instead they create what they call
synthetic training material which is
they have one AI I know hallucinate and
then the hallucinations became what
trains the other AI
now on paper I got to say that sounds
like a terrible
idea I don't even know how logically
that could work you know can can you
learn things from your own IM
imagination think about that as a human
if you wanted to like get good at
something could you just close your eyes
and imagine it in an artificial way
until you were good at it I don't know
that the machine can do that either I
mean they say it is but I got a question
about what is the upside potential of
that
method anyway so we got a few things
going on that could make AI overrated
number one the advances are slowing down
so each new version of it is not going
to be you know twice as good as the one
before it might be 5% better and even
decreasing after that because they don't
have anything new to train it on
and it could be that um it's a commodity
as well so so it takes a lot of money to
train the big ones but if all the big
ones get trained on the same material
I.E everything on the internet then
they're all going to end up being about
the same so maybe there's not that much
it might be a commodity it might be like
air so that there's nothing to pay for
it's like Well everybody's got a trained
AI you know you can get one for cheap so
it could be that some of the profit will
be taken out of it except for I suppose
Nvidia will do great
um and uh there's also a thought that it
will be useful for fewer things than we
thought who told you that
first me uh all the things here's the
problem when you imagine AI you
automatically and reflexively imagine
that it's smarter than people or that it
will be soon whereas I said how can it
be smarter than people if it's trained
on
people I don't think you can be smarter
than people if you're trained on people
and if you were to say something smarter
than people you know what would happen
people would reprogram you it's like I
don't recognize that as being true so
I'm I better get rid of that yeah it
really logically the way humans
operate I don't think they can build
something smarter than themselves at
least with the current technology there
there I'm allowing that there might be
some future development that allows that
to be true but if you're training it on
humans I don't know how it gets smarter
than humans I mean just my brain can't
really hold how that's a possibility it
could be smarter than an individual
human on an individual
skill and certainly things like math and
planning and chess you know the obvious
things that computers do it'll be better
than that but will it be better in let's
say interpreting what's
real which seems to be the most
important thing for us can it tell which
studies are a BS will I know who's
lying you know that's the important
stuff stuff that keeps you
alive anyway Mexico had a
vote uh the amuse account on X reminds
us that to vote in Mexico you have to
have a government issued
ID that's right to vote in Mexico you
need a government issued
ID but if you walk across the border
apparently you can vote in the United
States with nothing including
citizenship now if you get caught I
think your vote won't count but I'm not
so sure too many people are getting
caught so I don't know how that works um
just uh something to be aware of it
looks like the winner is Claudia Shin
bomb uh just the weirdest thing I never
expected that the next president of
Mexico would be a a Jewish woman I mean
she's a Mexican citizen but she has a
Jewish background there can't be a a ton
of that in
Mexico but let me tell you why what I
liked about her I saw I know nothing
about her except I've seen some pictures
and she's her Mentor was the current
president
uh but of all the things this is the
thing that stood out when I saw her
picture was work in the crowds she's she
she's wearing a
ponytail and and she's pulling it off
you know not not everyone can make a
ponytail work but she totally pulls off
a ponytail while she's while she's uh
you know doing her uh
campaigning I what do a lot of American
politicians do they ever wear ponytails
in any official capacity I feel like
I've seen a AOC in a ponytail when she
was casual maybe I don't I lik it she
pull she pulls off a
ponytail is it just me I'm always I'm
always impressed by anybody can simply
pull off the
look right because the reason that you
know big hair is popular is that we like
it better you you have to have just the
right look to pull off a ponytail and
she
does that's the least important thing in
politics but there it
is um here's story which you probably
thought was real news that maybe is fake
news so today I will disappoint my
Audience by telling you things you
thought were true that maybe are not so
true you may have seen a story as I did
this morning that there's a claim and
I'm going to tell you that you what's
wrong with the claim in a minute but the
claim is that there are 74,000 mail-in
ballots received with no record they
were mailed out and that would be more
than the margin of victory in Arizona
for in the 2020 election so that sounds
pretty does that sound pretty
convincing so this is a
fact right it's a fact and then I'm
going to tell you why you're
misinterpreting it but it's a fact that
you're supposed to know how many were
mailed out and then you're supposed to
keep record of how many were received
and don't you think it would be a
problem if your record of how many you
mailed out was way different than the
ones you received now if you received
way fewer than you mailed out totally
normal not everybody's mails in but if
you received substantially more coming
in than you ever sent out that would be
a huge signal for fraud would you
agree so would do you agree that there's
no other explanation for that okay are
you on the same page with
me that there can't be any official
explanation that would ever satisfy you
if that's true and it's true it's
confirmed to be
true so how do how do you interpret that
think in your mind what could be any
other explanation for why you get more
in than you ever mailed out in the first
place so therefore there was pretty
confirmed um bad behavior wouldn't you
say all right so here's what you're
going to learn
today that what you think is you
analyzing a situation is not what just
happened that's not what happened what
happened is you analyzed your own
ability to imagine and it failed you you
couldn't imagine a situation in which
that could be
okay despite the fact that everything
about it looks like it's not okay all
right now I'm going to tell you what the
official explanation was now I'm not
going to say that the official
explanation is correct I'm just going to
say that as soon as I heard it it
sounded
correct so it complete will all right
you ready there are two ways to do
mail-in
voting one way is they mail it to you
you get it in the mail you fill it out
and you mail it back if that was the
only way it happened then it would be
clear sign of fraud if more came back
than were ever mailed in but there are
two ways one is is it doesn't get mailed
to you you walk into a voting Center you
pick it up from a shelf or something you
fill it out and you drop it in a box
that would be called a mailin but nobody
mailed it to you you went to the place
where they were sitting in a big pile
took one off the pile filled it out and
dropped it in the Box sitting next to
it did you know
that now that's the claim from the
official people who were debunking it
now my point is not that the election
was or was not fair I would say it's
hard you know from my perspective to
know one way or the other
but the point is if you can't imagine
what the alternative was the problem is
in your head your your imagination is
not up to the
task here's another case like that I
believe that the um you're all familiar
with the fine people hoax about
Charlottesville and how something was
taken out of context and Democrats came
to believe something that never happened
and you know the drinking bleach hes
Democrats came to believe that Trump
said maybe you should drink bleach never
happened it looks like there might be a
version of that on the Republican side
and it's called Ashley Biden's
diary so I tried talking about this uh
yesterday with my audience and people
just flipped out and I oh I'm going to
stay away from this topic and then I saw
thought to myself no the flipping out is
the story so I'm going to make you flip
out I I challenged my audience because I
never talked about the story and I don't
want don't want to get into the details
but I'll just say that there's a thing
called Ashley Biden's diary which uh
some people say is fake and some people
say is real I think it's confirmed to be
real as far as I know but then there's a
claim that there's a specific entry in
there or entry
that would uh if true would be a
horrible situation that Joe Biden was
involved in I'm not even going to give
you any details I'll just tell you this
I said can somebody show me that I keep
hearing about it but I've never seen it
like can you show me the words in the
diary and I said I don't believe it
exists so somebody showed it to me and
then the following thing happened here
it is look right here and said I'm
looking at it I don't see what you said
it's right here okay I'm reading it I
see every word you're pointing to I
don't see what you're saying
now does that mean that it's not there
I'll tell you what I saw I saw something
that was ambiguous that could be
interpreted one of two ways one way is
president said you should drink
bleach the other way is that he
something ordinary happened that was
worded
poorly now I'm not going to defend
anything that anybody did so don't
interpret this as me defending Joe Biden
I'm telling you that the claims that I
read all the time on the internet are
not supported by the thing that the
claims derive from I looked at it myself
now part of it is that there two claims
one has
details and one is just a Ambiguously
worded thing that looks like it could be
trouble but you don't really know for
sure so the one that's got details is
not supported by any documents there's
some kind of forgery floating around so
if you heard the one that you know says
under certain conditions a thing
happened there's nothing like that in
the diary there's nothing that said
under this condition this happened or
how often or what ages were involved
none of that's in the diary there's just
one little thing
that any normal person would be very
concerned
about but it's a lot like the drinking
bleach thing what she said directly
looks really Troublesome but it almost
couldn't have been
that in other words the the most the
most um
provocative you know interpretation of
what it meant is probably the least
likely but if you want to believe that
stuff you kind of go to it automatically
now if you add it to the hair sniffing
and the weird behavior that we see in
public it does create an overall picture
that says maybe we should know more
about this but to say that it's sort of
documented and it's writing and we can
all read it nope I don't buy it I do buy
that there's something there that raises
your eyebrow all the way past the top of
your head can we agree on that I think
we can agree that if you read the part
that is confirmed to be real
you're going to have some questions but
I think there's probably more than one
way to explain what that is very much
like the if you didn't know that mail in
votes sometimes you walk into the office
and drop it in the Box it's just that
your
imagination getting back to my prior
Point your imagination fails when you
read the diary you say to yourself I'm
pretty sure this could only mean one
thing and it's really really
bad but could it can can you imagine
that if you heard the real story behind
it it would sound different I'm not
saying it would I'm saying can you
imagine it because I think we need a
little better standard for blaming
innocent people of crimes especially bad
ones uh it shouldn't be that you
strongly suspect it I I think we need to
go a little bit better than that but I'm
not saying it's false I'm just saying a
little better evidence would be better
all right
uh speaking of Biden's kids Hunter
Biden's going in for his felony gun
charges you know when this whole felony
gun charge thing first came up um my
first instinct is that this is not the
thing that I want my uh legal system to
be chasing because I like the Second
Amendment right and I know that the law
particular law said he was he lied on
his application and he was an addict and
so he shouldn't get a gun and I
understand understand the technical part
of the law but as a second amendment
supporter I just had some problems with
the fact that of all the things in the
world you would go after him for wanting
to own a gun and probably he's in the
category of people who are safer with
one I mean maybe the people around him
are less safe I suppose
but I've completely changed my mind on
this because the lawfare case because
I'm fairly certain that Joe Biden would
behind the lawfare against Trump I think
his family is in play sorry yeah yeah if
if Hitler were doing Hitler things and
you had a chance to take out his kids
you'd do
it you'd do it and uh Biden is doing
Hitler things so when you're law faring
the other candidate trying to put him in
jail and maybe trying to kill him if uh
the legal system comes for your kid um
it's War it's War so I would say my
empathy for Hunter has
disappeared and I'm not proud of it I'm
not proud of it because it takes me off
principle
yeah so anyway I'm not even going to
comment on what I'm seeing in the
comments all right uh you should know
it's fake his fake historian
season we're in fake poll fake news fake
historian fake uh justice system
territory as we approach the election
but the one I always look forward to is
the fake his
historians so the bad guys have these
historians who will say absolutely
anything and they'll act like they're
experts because they're
historians here's what we know
today history is all
fake history is fake we know that
because we're watching fake history
being written in real time during our
lifetime what are the chances that just
started we've always known that the
winners write the history yeah there's
nothing about our history that's
accurate the facts maybe some of the big
facts about what war happened and you
know who died and who was the king but
all the narrative the stuff about why
anything happened that's all fake how
would you like your job to be an
historian and you have to pretend the
history is
real that's a weird job so if there's
anybody you should not trust in this
world is someone who thinks history is
real because they might also think the
news is real today I because they live
in a world in which they have to believe
that that fiction is real because their
job is to tell you that it is hey that
fiction about history that's totally
real listen to me I'm an expert on
it so uh one of these uh historians
Michael besos he's famous for coming out
with that
those grinning things that are bad for
Trump yeah have you seen the face where
they're a little bit too happy about the
things coming out of their
mouth I don't I don't even know how to
describe that face but they're so happy
it looks like they're having some kind
of physical
dopamine you know
overdose while they talk about how bad
Trump could be or is or was this it's
like oh he's going to become stealer
democracy I mean you almost think
they're tubing below the camera angle
because they're just way too happy about
what they're saying bad about Trump and
it's like
creepy uncanny valley stuff it's like oh
what's wrong with you anyway BOS is the
top of that list and he says uh he warns
that Trump's second term could lead to
dictatorship and Anarchy the choice is
actually pretty clear we've got a con Ed
felon he a
historian and he told you that Trump is
a convicted
felon and he left out the fact that it
was complete lawfare and that
nobody but Trump would have ever been
convicted of it or even
indicted he's a
historian who proved to you while you
were watching he could not interpret
correctly The Narrative of our current
time but his job is to tell you the
narrative of all the prior
times which we all know at this point is
fake news now could there be a more
ridiculous character I can't imagine a
more useless and worthless human being
than somebody who studies history like
it was real knowing it isn't and then
gives you pronouncements about how
because of the felony which is fake
uh that means that Trump will turn into
a dictator and Anarchy even though we
already observed him not doing
that that's the weakest take of all
takes meanwhile Steve Bannon is suffer
hearing on the six so three days from
now to decide whether or not he's going
to be remed to prison now I don't know
what that decision involves wasn't he
found guilty
so I don't I don't know exactly what
they're going to be talking about is
there some appeal that I don't know
about anyway
um let's uh let's game this out let's
say Steve bennon goes to jail is that
good for Democrats or bad or bad for
Democrats it's bad for Steve Bon if he
goes to
jail
but my guess is that Trump is going to
raise more
money and it's going to make more people
vote for Trump because it's going to
look to people like yet another example
of lawfare and whatever you thought
happened to Trump if you wondered if it
might be coming for
you you're going to say to yourself I
don't know the details of this case I'm
not sure what that Peter Navaro
situation was I don't know what the
Steve Bannon situation was but it all
sounds like they're going after Trump
supporters for details
you know like technicalities now you
could argue whether they are but it
would feel like that to the Casual news
Watcher so I would think that if Steve
Bannon Goes to Jail it's going to be a
boost for Trump I don't want him to go
to jail but I feel like that's the way
it would go at this
point we're also in as I said not just
the fake historian season but also in
the fake news season even Faker than
usual because it's election season and
and the hill has a story with a headline
why are Americans feeling so negative
about the
economy do you need to read that is that
an article you want to click on and say
huh let's dig into this a little bit why
why are Americans feeling so negative
about the
economy does anybody have a question
about why people are negative about the
economy I'm pretty sure anybody who ever
bought
anything in the last year anything
you know what's wrong with the
economy anybody who is white and tried
to get a job recently you sure know
what's wrong with the economy yeah no
it's not really a mystery I'm sorry the
hill publication I don't really need to
read your article about why Americans
are feeling so negative about the
economy and let me suggest that the tone
of the title of the article why are
Americans feeling so negative about the
economy suggests that whatever this
article I didn't read says is going to
be a steaming pile of about how
everything is great and I don't know
what's wrong with you just because you
can't afford why are you not seeing
clearly that everything's
terrific so fake news season you don't
have to read that
article it's also fake polling season I
told you and you'll you'll be able to
see it yourself that there need to be a
bunch of fake polls uh to balance out
the real ones if things aren't going
your way because if you plan to cheat or
even if you just want to keep your
supporters you know incentivized and
feeling like they can win you do some
fake polls to to balance things out now
I don't know exactly which ones will be
fake and which aren't but it's a
guarantee that there will be fake ones
and when I say fake all they do is they
have to twe all they need to do is tweak
a few variables in how they ask the
questions and they can get any result
they want so here's one about half of
Americans This is according to a poll
ABC News ipsos
poll would you trust a uh corporate news
entity like
ABC to be associated with a a poll
during election season that was
accurate or would it be your expectation
that this is really likely to be the
kind of poll that would be
fate because they would they want the
public to think that the felony
conviction is causing people to be less
inclined to vote for Trump to make it
safe for other people to say oh lots of
people are changing their mind because
of the felony I guess I could do that
too so the point of the polling is to
tell you what normal people are thinking
even if they're not so that you thinking
you're a normal person too can maybe be
a little more likely to be persuaded
to be on the same side with the normal
people so let's see what the normal
people
said about half of Americans believe uh
Trump should end his campaign after the
guilty
verdict half of Americans think he
should end his campaign because the
guilty verdict does that sound like a
legitimate poll before I even tell you
the answer I mean you didn't even know
need to know what the answer was does
that sound legitimate
let see let let me tell you what's wrong
with it if if it wasn't jumping out at
you here's what's wrong with it this is
this is a poll in which they ask you to
compare Trump to
Trump did you get that it's a poll about
the election in which you asked to
compare Trump to
himself so you're comparing Trump not
convicted to a trump
convicted is that what you're going to
vote for when you go to the election
or you mail in your ballot are you going
to say huh who do I vote for Trump who
wasn't convicted or Trump who was
convicted no that's not your
choice that's not your choice the choice
is only and the only one that
matters Trump versus
Biden right that's the only one that
matters and if you ask a different
question so that you can get you know an
answer that sounds more like what you
want to hear that's an influence poll
that's not about information all
right at the same time the in the
article on this uh it says that Trump's
approval level stayed the same so could
it be true that half of Americans think
he should drop out of the race at the
same time that his approval levels stay
the
same if his approval levels had changed
you maybe that would be telling you
something all right so here's what I
think I think it it might be entirely
true that half of Americans think he
should end his campaign but do you know
what half of Americans also think
probably half of Americans believe that
this should not be a contest between
Biden and
Trump wouldn't you agree probably half
of the country if you gave them the
choice they'd say you know we do love
Trump versus Biden but all things
considered like if we could just start
with a blank slate we'd go in with a you
know 40 something DeSantis 40y old
whatever whatever age he is and uh we'd
you know get more years of young people
and we'd wouldn't have the provocations
and all the you know all the worry and
everything so it seems to me this is a
clearly uh a poll that's designed to
drive opinions as opposed to tell you
what opinions
are Morin Dow who's a famous uh Trump
non-lover for the New York Times uh
reports that her sister who interest ly
as a
republican um decided that she would
vote for
Trump because of the felony
conviction it's her own
sister so one of the famous anti-
trumpers is to her credit she's
reporting it so you know you have to
give her credit for
transparency uh and but but the sister's
reason is the interesting thing it
wasn't just that it was unfair and
people are saying yeah the system's
unfair you know we're going to have to
correct it by electing trump it went
deeper and here's what I warned you
about um she was worried that there's
nobody that would protect
her so Morino Dow's sister is a
Republican and when she watched the top
Republican get lawed she said who would
protect me you know my father's dad who
would protect me if I I got
lawed and so she realized that she's
living in an environment that's too
unsafe as a
Republican and uh that she had to vote
for the one person who might be able to
protect her and that's that's
Trump now that is important it's one
person so we don't know if that's a
generalized feeling but it is what I
predicted and what I predicted was
empathy that people would see Trump as
them elves for the first time when Trump
is in you know the golden Towers I don't
say to myself oh he's just like me you
know when he's doing trumpy things like
rallies and things I don't think doesn't
feel just like me but when he gets
accused of something that's sketchy and
then the system closes in on him that is
me because I live in the same system
that system is surrounding me touches me
every moment I walk and live and breathe
same
system if a guy him I I feel it
personally now I'm a public figure so
maybe I'm at more risk than the average
person but if somebody who's just a
voter an ordinary Republican is going to
say that I feel threatened because Trump
got
lawed that's what I predicted I
predicted empathy you see remember
empathy is not just your empathy for the
other person there's always a little bit
of it which is I'm glad it's not me like
that's that's connected to empathy I'm
glad it's not me so I think people feel
this one personally I did yeah that the
the conviction of trump didn't feel like
a political outcome to me it wasn't just
because I'm supporting you for president
it felt personal like I I felt I was
being handcuffed I mean I can't explain
it but did anybody have the same
experience that you you just put
yourself in the scene
and you saw yourself unfairly convicted
and lawed because we've all been I think
most of us have had the experience where
the system was against them unfairly it
could have been anything could have been
your school administrators you know your
job but everybody's felt the system
being against them and then we watched
it happen to
Trump anyway
um here's the other way they use the
fake polls I think this was maybe in
some publication they said that Trump
has a 1.8% lead based on 173
polls so he's up 1.8% based on the
average of 173
polls how many of those polls are
credible well during fake polling season
you don't want Trump to look like he's
up five because that would be too big to
rig so you put a bunch of fake ones in
the mix and then all the people who are
trying to be reasonable but of course
they're making mistake they say well the
reasonable thing would be to take the
average
no no the reasonable thing would be to
take the average if you knew that they
all did a similarly credible job of
doing their work but you don't you don't
average the fake polls with the real
ones that's what they did because I'm
sure that some percentage of these are
legit legitimately
faked right in other words the people
who did them knew what they were doing
when they did them you don't average
fake poles and real ones that that's
nothing that that's trying to hide the
ball that's what that
is meanwhile Trump is on Tik Tok as you
know but here's a surprise uh somebody
named Tara paulmy I don't know what her
role is but she seems to know some stuff
um she said that the pro Trump content
is 10 to 12 times more popular than Pro
Biden stuff on Tik Tok and she says two
Tik Tok officials told her that um that
since November there's been two times
more prot Trump content than
Biden uh I don't know how that Maxes
with matches with the 10 times more but
okay and according to an internal Tik
toac
analysis uh Trump content beat Biden
content by 10 to1 in likes and 12 to1 in
views does that sound real do you
believe that Tik Tock is pushing hard
for
Trump here's one way to explain it and I
don't know if this is enough Biden is
not
memeable but Trump is super me memeable
like the Trump memes are funny and
they're interesting have you seen the
one where Trump is uh is riding the back
of a giant golden eagle and and the
golden eagle picks up Biden from the
water like a fish and and Trump is like
yeah have you seen that one it is
terrific it's just terrific and even if
it weren't an election you'd laugh at it
because it's so well done so I just
don't know that the the left can meme
you know we've been saying that for
years I I think the quality of the meme
has got to have a big impact on who
views it and likes it so I would think
that because Trump Trump is the most
meable character in the history of
characters and Biden is the least meable
character in the history of politicians
at least uh you would expect more Trump
action but that there's so much even in
a um what you would imagine would be a
more left-leaning um vehicle is weird it
does suggest that
China maybe is not putting their finger
on the scales or do you imagine that
China is putting their finger on the
scales of Tik Tock because they want
Trump to
win can you can you think of a reason
why China would want Trump to
win think of a reason for that I've got
one why would they want Trump to win now
if you're a trump supporter you're going
to immediately go to oh because they can
negotiate with
him right I don't
know
maybe allow me to
suggest another
possibility if China is watching the
news in America like everybody else you
know they must have people who are you
know good at English and watching the
news and summarizing it for the leaders
that's I'm sure that's happening in some
form um they would be watching the
United States grappling with the most
controversial character of all time and
it might look like the election of Trump
would tear the country apart so it's
entirely possible that from China's
perspective if they believe
MSNBC and they believe CNN um at least
half of CNN they might think that the
worst thing that could happen to America
is for Trump to be reelected because
it'll tear the country apart they might
be
right but if you go with the theory that
China could make um Tik Tock put their
finger on any algorithm and any content
they wanted if you think that there is
really control there and if you think
they exercised it the only reason you
would exercise it 10 to1 in favor of
trump which doesn't sound real to me I
mean just doesn't sound real uh unless
it's thumb on the scale situation
um maybe they think he's bad for America
maybe don't
know here's my mini theme for today
Democrats have an idiot problem in
leadership I'm going to give you several
examples of idiots in the leadership of
Democrats you know Larry Fink the CEO of
Black Rock they were really big on
ESG and then he said um ESG is really
embarrassing us we better pull back
because all the Dei thing completely
exploded and embarrassed them now he's
saying that you need like
clean uh energy that isn't intermittent
because we're going to need so much for
our data centers do you know what that
means
pronuclear and maybe get your finger off
of all the uh things that would stop
energy from being produced I think I
think Larry fank is who I call a smart
idiot if he and I did an IQ test I think
he'd beat
me you know I think you probably could
get into a better school than I could
have at the time Etc so I'm not saying
his IQ wasn't high but with this ESG
stuff we observe him acting like an
idiot
like he maybe he didn't understand the
implications of what would happen if he
made ESG his his Center piece of his
thing but it looks like it all blew up
in his face and I think I could have
told them I think I could have told him
exactly where that would end up so he's
a smart idiot and I think what causes
that is obviously not the smart part
because the smart part seems on T you
know it seems fine there there's
something about the the gas lighting and
the brainwashing that the Democrats get
that will make even the smartest person
turn into an
idiot but then they they have real
idiots too like Maxine Waters um so
she's saying that domest Trump's
supporters are quote domestic terrorists
and she wonders if they're preparing a
civil war against us so she said that
again recently
now you could say to yourself well she
doesn't believe those things she's just
saying them for political purposes but
if she is she's the worst leader
ever cuz it's just a terrible thing for
a leader to be saying so I'd say she's a
leader and she's an idiot but unlike
Larry Frink who might have a high IQ
there's no indication she's anything but
dumb I watched a uh conversation uh
online between Megan Kelly uh and David
Pacman now David Pacman is a prominent
uh pundit podcaster on the left and what
I learned was that when somebody on the
left talks to a well-informed person on
the right it always goes the same way
the person on the left realizes that
they haven't been getting correct news
the entire time so Megan Kelly fact
checked him so hard I think he left his
jock strap a block back uh I mean he he
got banged down hard and when I was done
with it I said to myself huh
David Pacman does not look nearly as
smart as Megan Kelly like they don't
look like they're even on the same level
really and but David Pacman's a
prominent voice on the left
and compared to Megan Kelly came off as
an idiot but he would be you know a
normal person he has normal IQ but I
think he too well based based on what I
saw he didn't know enough about what was
true
so his opinions were all ridiculous
because he didn't know what the facts
were and when Megan Kelly sort of
informed in what was true it you cause
like some kind of weird cognitive
dissonance in them so you have to watch
that um then so that's more
idiots
um let's see uh David Sachs on the X
profile points out that the Hillary
campaign operative
who cooked the books to hide payments
for the steel dossier became the SEC
chairman then the Biden campaign
operative who orchestrated the 51 spies
who lied about hunters um crimes on the
laptop I guess became Secretary of
State and then David saak says Dems know
how to reward election
interference now I'm going to I'm going
to add this to my theme of Democrats
having idiots for leaders in this case
they have criminals as Leaders because
they were actually promoted for doing
things what maybe weren't technically
illegal but look like they should have
been um how smart is it to promote the
people who get caught the reason that
we're talking about these two people who
got uh rewarded is because we know what
they
did I'm going to go with Trump I prefer
people who don't get
caught I think the smart people can do
bad things and not get
caught but the Democrats have people who
aren't smart enough to get away with it
because they all got caught but they got
rewarded anyway so I guess I should ask
who's the smart one here is it me or
them they got promoted so maybe they're
the Smart Ones in this
case then we have the uh Biden dementia
tapes still trying to get those
apparently they've been locked in a
skiff so that somebody can go listen to
them but they can't let you listen to it
that's right so then when uh let's say
some Republican listens to it and comes
back and says oh it was really terrible
he was in bad shape all they have to do
is send down Adam shiff to say no he's
not he's fine I listen to the same thing
so they're gonna skiff shiff us the play
is to skiff shiff the skiff shift as you
put it in the skiff this highly secure
place where nobody can take a picture
picture of it or take a copy they can
only experience it inside that room so
all they have to do is send their best
Liars into the room and they'll come out
and say no it was fine I listened to it
too it's fine the the play here is so
obvious it it's just so obvious that
it's a ski shift play yeah it's just a
standard ski
shift well my questions have been
answered about the Soros organization or
at least why Alex Soros is going along
with his dad's ideas that are terrible
and destroying the world there's a clip
of him at the wef um just talking about
a topic and uh I'll just give you one
quote to show you that what we learn
from watching him talk in public he
seems to be an
idiot he just actually seems to be
dumb and maybe really dumb based on the
the clip so he's talking to the public
one man Donald Trump literally came in
and just took that uh took that uh took
that all away um you know so um you know
um you know you know um you took that um
um way you took that checks and balances
that you know we had these Customs the
these uh um well you know the um the um
the um the um the uh the customs and um
um he came in like Donald Trump he um
then he like um you took it all away
from
us now I might be exaggerating a little
bit on there but you have to listen to
it if you listen to him talking you will
immediately understand why nobody asks
him for interviews there's no way he's
going to say yes to an interview because
he's incompetent talking in public in
fact you would be hard pressed to find
anybody who can't talk in public as much
as he can't talk in public he's really
really bad at it so he probably just
says
no because he can't talk in public I
guess in that case he had to try but it
was a just a train
wreck
yeah wow
and he must be under the Trump is Hitler
train because you know he thinks he
thinks uh not only is Trump a stealing
your democracy but he's stealing your
Unwritten
Customs that's right Trump stole your
Unwritten
rules that's what he said in
public wow um also Constantine kissen uh
did a great thing for the world that
didn't work out at all you know how I've
been saying that we need to have uh like
legitimate debates on topics where
you've got plenty of time but you've
also got a strong host a moderator who
can really keep you in line and don't do
it in like this political way where you
let the politicians lie you know just
get some experts some people will really
know what they're talking about put them
together put a strong moderator in the
middle Boom everybody gets better
informed and maybe you can work
something
out that's what I thought until
yesterday and then I watched Constantine
kissen do again I'll say you know a
great thing for the public which is he
tried to pull it pull off the very thing
we think we
wanted and the topic was Gaza and what
should have Israel done and what should
they do now I guess and and he had two
sides and here's the model that I held
in my head until that
moment when two two parties disagree on
something you know they they might want
different things you know some wants
this the other wants that usually unless
the parties are you know just totally
bad people you can usually find a
compromise you could find some way to
you know find a a negotiated settlement
that everybody's not perfectly happy
with but happy enough and so we imagine
that that model which works all the time
in business right in business you're
always negotiating and usually you can
work stuff out so why can't they well I
found out
why and I'm going to tell you a a
reframe here that will explain a lot
going forward it's one I hadn't noticed
before it goes like this the people who
were on the two sides of the Gaza debate
did not disagree
on what should be done per se although
that's what it looked like on the
surface they disagreed on
reality they disagreed on
reality and they weren't even close and
let me tell you you can't negotiate a
middle ground between two different
versions of reality
you can't get there from here so and
thought that it could ever be negotiated
while the two are living in completely
different realities of how we got here
and who's the bad guy and who's the good
guy you can't you can't negotiate
that it's completely absurd I actually
used to think and and by the way this is
something that one of the debate people
said uh in effect the the pro
Palestinian um arguers
said the Palestinians have a set of um
demands that are somewhat reasonable now
this would be their View and if you were
to um make some action toward addressing
their demands you could stop the
terrorism so you could stop another
October 7th by
simply addressing the legitimate
concerns of the
Palestinians and once they saw that
things are moving in the right direction
the reason for terrorism would go away
and they say oh this is working so we'll
just keep doing this peaceful
negotiating because you know we got a
few things we'll get some
more that can't work if you're living in
different
realities that only works if you're in
the same
reality and you you want different
things and then you have something you
can work with because you don't want the
same things the same things that are
limited resources you can't make a deal
if you want if everybody wants the thing
that there's only one of you can't can't
solve that but in a normal situation uh
you want work I want money we can make a
deal because we don't want the same
thing and we live in the same reality
the reality is you have a job I have
skills you have money same reality you
can always make that work
but here are some of the things I heard
and and let me say let me tell you who I
sided with both sides are completely
 up
right so there's a pro-israel side
everything they're doing is what you
have to do in October 7th and then the
other side was well maybe if you were
nicer to the Palestinians you wouldn't
be in this situation both crazy there
there are two realities that I don't
recognize at all
so let me let me give you an
example uh the pro-israel guy argued
that uh all over the world there are
examples of locals who got displaced
and should have the right of
return like the Palestinians but his
point is why are you only looking at
Israel like the one place where the
people who got kicked out should have
the right to come back when all over the
world there are people who have been
kicked out of all kinds of places and
then nobody's saying right to return for
them so why are you saying it for Israel
does that sound like a good argument to
you what do all of the other places have
to do with this
nothing
nothing it's it's not even on
point uh well what do you think of
Israel and the Palestinians should do
well there's this totally other
situation no that's just another
situation to to imagine that that's like
a leading point or you know you're
winning your argument if you take that
out that's that's insane let me tell you
the only model that makes any sense
whatsoever Whoever has the power to hold
land
holds it until somebody else has more
power and then they take it away from
you that's all it is to imagine that
there's some narrative that we should
all accept on either side or anything in
the middle is really absurd you can pick
your narrative if you want but it
doesn't make any difference it's just
power and and now let me ask you this
imagine you're a
Palestinian and by the way one of the
participants what was her name
uh forgot to write it
down but uh Constantine later called her
Dei
Barbie apparently things didn't go well
toward the end of the
debate he called her Dei
Barbie after the fact they were arguing
on on X
but that's pretty gutsy to to do that
anyway one of the points she made is she
said that uh there are Palestinians I
don't know if this is literally true or
it just sounds good who still have the
key to the door where they used to live
in
Israel and now there's somebody else
living there and they weren't
compensated now what do you do about
them and it's worse it wasn't even that
Israel you know conquered the land and
took it over somebody else gave them
their house so just imagine you're a
Palestinian and you wake up one day it's
like hey uh the UN decided that
uh that Israel owns this
land
uh but do they own my
house well
no but things are going to get really
tough when they start moving in what do
you mean well I I mean legally you could
keep your house but things might get a
little tense once you're
outnumbered and next thing you know if
you're a Palestinian it looks like and
and I'm saying this is how it would feel
I I try to put myself in the situation
and say how would I feel here's what it
feels like the UN gave your house to
your
enemies and never talk to you about it
wait a minute the UN gave my house
to my
enemy and I wasn't I wasn't
consulted now you could go back and say
yes but before that you know the Jews
lived there forever and then the pal you
know the Arabs kicked them out and so
really it's the Jews coming home and you
know you could argue with forever but
here's one of the things that
Constantine helpfully tried to inject
because both sides wanted to talk about
the past
you know the the past grievances now
your instinct says if you're locked in
the past you'll never you'll never make
progress so Constantine is trying to say
all right all right you know we could
talk about the past but what should we
do today like what are you going to do
like what what should Israel have done
differently and it turns out that
neither side was willing to forget the
past because they say you're you're not
really going to understand the present
without the past you know separating
them does doesn't make sense but when
they say the past what they mean is
their Narrative of the past which is
fiction both the narratives are fiction
there's not a true one and a fake one
you knew that
right in this kind of stuff there's no
real one there's always just the two
narratives you know and each will leave
out the inconvenient things for the
other
ones so I'm uh just just to clarify uh
I'm pro Israel being a country and
they're our Ally and I'm glad that we're
supporting them
Etc um but there's no
truth like if you think any of it has to
do with truth I think you're lost it's
power the Israelis have the power to
hold the country they're going to build
it it'll you know they're doing lots of
good
things um and that's the end of the
story I could have an opinion about it
but it wouldn't change the fact that
they have the power to hold it that's
kind of the whole story
but I don't believe uh in the if you
give the Palestinians what they're
asking for everything will be good
because anybody who's Pro Palestinian
likes to do the thing where they ignore
the we want to kill every Jew and take
all your all your land which they would
say used to be their land so you can't
really negotiate If part of the
negotiators want you dead and that's
their final offer so to imagine this is
negotiatable is just kind of crazy kind
of
crazy so I'm going to give uh
Constantine big props for holding the
event I think uh pbd did a similar thing
with Chris Cuomo and comic Dave Smith
and that certainly produced some good
entertainment and uh I'd like to see
more of
it but I would say that there's no point
in having a debate where if you're
starting from different realities and
that's not going to change so
so uh meanwhile there's some confusion
over this so-called ceasefire peace plan
road map thing that Biden says is
Israel's idea but Israel says no we just
tweaked a few things and then somebody
else says
um somebody else
says uh what they say I've confused two
of things
here oh it's strange that they say it's
an isra proposal and at the same time
they say Israel needs to agree to
it so I guess the Biden Administration
has said oh yeah this is Israel's idea
as soon as they agree to
it wait if it's their
idea didn't they start with agreeing
with their own idea or did they have an
idea they didn't agree with and they've
got to be convinced to agree with their
own
idea or is it possible that Biden is
been lying to us the entire time I'm
going to go with lying to us the entire
time um and I like the uh getting back
to Constantine's uh debate here one of
the guys on the uh pro-israel side said
that all Hamas has to do is stop
fighting and losing Wars and uh
everything will be fine I used to
believe that too I used to believe that
if just the Palestinians would just stop
losing War
mors they could negotiate with the rest
of the world and and get what they
wanted I don't think there's any chance
of
that because there's a hardcore faction
that will never stop doing it and it
doesn't matter if half of them want
peace if the other half doesn't there's
nothing you can do with that no so there
it seems that you know there's enough
people who want to destroy all of Israel
that there's nothing you can do it's
just power they they will keep coming
and Israel will keep beating them back
as long as they
can anyway then it looked like uh one of
the things that Constantine was
complaining about is that uh the woman
who is the with woman he called the Dei
Barbie uh after the event not during the
event but um that she wouldn't answer a
question but I didn't see that exactly I
know what he was talking about but that
she wouldn't ask answer the question of
what Israel should have done or should
do and it sounded like she was just
talking about the past but she did kind
of meander back to it and here was her
answer that Israel should be more like
the United States more of a Melting Pot
and although people acknowledge that
there already you know Islamic people
living within Israel happily uh and
there are no Jewish people living in
Gaza happily uh but
here's the
thing
um oh I had some good point I was going
to make there that I just lost while I
was talking about the other stuff all
right well I don't think that uh just
stopping fighting is going to fix
anything because that there seems to be
some permanent uh difference in reality
I guess that's the bottom line all right
ladies and gentlemen that's all I've got
for you on today's news thanks for
joining I'm going to go uh talk to the
locals people
privately and uh I'm going to say
goodbye to X and YouTube and Rumble uh
and I'm going to stall a little bit and
drink some coffee because I understand
there's a delay in the
transmission
[Music]
so the main show is over but I'm just
stalling and having a sip of coffee
all right locals people here I
come locals only
in see update stream is it
working it is not
working all right so we have a
technical technical
failure all right we have a technical
failure the uh software won't allow me
to um go private with just the locals
people let me try one more
time locals and supporters update stream
yeah it doesn't seem to
work what happens if I try to cancel the
oops that didn't
work yeah all right so I can't go
private um but let me do this I'm going
to I'm going to end the rumble Studio
stream
and see if I can keep up the other
stream would that
work all right uh locals I'm going to
I'll open up another stream if if it
doesn't continue I'm just going to close
the main Rumble studio and I'll talk to
you if I
can all right it's not even ending all
right we're back to uh we're back to the
studio won't turn off all right
so um we'll need to do some manual and
of the the various streams I'll probably
have to um delete the X stream because
you can't end them when I get to this
error the xtram will just stay live
forever unless I delete it so if I
delete it I lose all the uh monetization
from it all right I'm just going to kill
this and see what I can
do
e
e
e
e e