I do too pom pom pom poms
well well well everybody come on in here
breaking news breaking news
pom pom pom pom pom pom so many of you
will remember and I see it in the
comments already there one of my
predictions was that there would be a
walk away from the negotiating table on
this North Korea business either us or
them
maybe both but there would certainly be
at least one walk away today we have it
now it's more of a threatened walk away
because the beatings June 12th so you
know what's the difference between
threatening to walk away and walking
away because you could always change
your mind
so those things get a little conflated
but North Korea's walked away in the
topic this seems to be a Bugaboo is that
there are ongoing military exercises on
their border with South Korea in the
United States and they're saying what
the hell where you were here negotiating
for peace and you're on our border
getting ready to attack now of course we
say these are defensive exercises but I
don't know how much of a difference
there is between offense and defense in
this situation meaning that the stuff on
the border would probably be in defense
mode whereas the attack would come from
a different way but we don't have any
plans of attacking him so so that's
irrelevant now somebody's saying but it
didn't bother him before why is it
suddenly an issue well let me suggest a
reason he's negotiating in front of the
entire world
alright whole world's watching and what
the press is reporting so far is that
Kim has caved in
his nuclear weapons program Kim has
negotiated away his mountain that he
tests the nukes and so the news is
suggesting that everything is going
Trump's way and nothing is going kim's
way that's not really a comfortable
situation yeah your best deals are when
both people are feeling a little bit of
pain but in this case the u.s. and South
Korea have they're a dominant military
position so we're reluctant to do any
any kind of trade and until we
absolutely have to now it's very
interesting that he's that Kim is
getting tough on this point because what
what is interesting about the issue that
he's decided to you know make a stand on
let me put it to you what is unique
about the issue that Kim is is making a
stand on and walking away from
negotiation from yeah the very first the
very first comment had it yeah the very
first comment was and then another
comment actually the two of them
together it's justified right it's
justified it's a reasonable thing to ask
and number two it's easy to fix so he's
asking for it probably the one easiest
to fix the thing because you only have
to fix it between now and June 12th it
makes no difference to the u.s.
readiness it makes no difference to the
actual military capability no difference
right and Kim is saying what the hell
I'm doing these things which also maybe
are no difference you know you you're
getting rid of a test site well you
could build another one right so nothing
is permanent
and and so everything that he's agreed
on or is talking about are things that
are fairly reasonable and so he's saying
look I'm doing all these fairly
reasonable things you have a short of
the final deal what are you doing
name one thing you know name one thing
you've done United States in South Korea
to build our confidence that were good
players you know we're we're trustworthy
players working toward a common solution
now I'm not close to the negotiations
and I don't know if we'll stop doing
what we're doing
we might just let them run their course
you know if there's a week left
maybe we just wait a week and and and
then just say all right we're done for
now so there are a number of ways we
could play this but does it make sense
for Kim to walk away from the table on
this issue kind of does candy does
remember Rodman gave him the book the
art of the deal and a central of premise
is you got to be able to walk away from
the deal you don't like and if he
doesn't like this part of the deal and
he thinks there's some flexibility it's
a good walk away now there are two ways
that Kim can win and this is this is
also right out of the Trump playbook two
ways that Kim can win number one we say
good point will wind down these you know
wind down the exercises you know yeah we
agree with you you you've done some
stuff for us we'll do some stuff for you
doesn't really change our military
capabilities in any real way but it's
symbolic so you did some symbolic stuff
will do a symbolic thing back let's get
back to the table that's one way it
could go probably not probably not
another way it could go is that the
exercises we'll just finish yeah maybe
finish a little earlier than normal
you know maybe maybe we say okay this
normally would take two weeks but we'll
wrap it up in one week because it's hard
to unwind it so quickly but you make a
good point well instead of doing this
for two more weeks we'll just limit it
to a week you win
let's get back to the table all right so
there's plenty of ways we can go in
which Kim can rack up a whim
should the United States give him a win
if it doesn't cost us anything sometimes
you know not every time but in the right
situation and I don't know if we're in
that situation there might be a there
might be a reason to do that because
remember it's not really giving up
anything it's giving up the impression
of something exactly what he gave us he
gave up the impression of something so
we've got plenty of room to work here
it was completely rational for Kim to
walk away don't know how it will be
solved but it's easy to solve so it will
be solved I think we can confidently say
that unless there are other issues this
part will probably get a solution so
this is actually good news sort of
disguised as bad news and remember that
I predicted that we would see this so
maybe a month ago or so I said you
should look for at least one walk away
from the table and here it is or at
least the first one there might be more
there might be a point where Trump walks
away we don't know but it shows that
North Korea is both serious about making
a deal it understands deal-making what
could be better news you just heard the
best news you've heard in a year all
right then North Korea does seem to want
a real deal and they know how to make a
deal that's it he's not crazy
so you know the news will make a big
thing this we're already seeing the the
people who used to think they were smart
who have been wrong about everything for
two years they're coming out of the
woodwork today and they're saying uh-huh
I told you North Korea cannot be trusted
to get rid of their nuclear weapons
can't trust them I've been telling you
this for a year
and now you see they walked away so
they're gonna have a lot of fun for
however long it takes to get back to the
table but but I think we're fine so
let's not worry about it all right
that's all I had to say oh just one more
thing somebody made a comment about CNN
I was watching CNN today and this is
sort of a a game I play where I switched
between Fox and CNN and I see how often
this pattern recurves
on Fox they mostly talk about something
called the news things that are actually
happening like a real person did a real
thing today
also known as the news you switch to CNN
and it's just gossip
that's pure gossip it's like wow we
think he lied about a mistress and you
know and the other imaginary part is we
think that something terrible could go
wrong we think that somebody did a thing
but we can't find the evidence so
they've got imaginary past news with
insufficient evidence or no evidence and
they have projections of future things
which probably won't happen because
they're not often right and then the
things that are happening today are just
gossip they're not even news I mean
unless you call gossip news so it's
pretty fascinating to watch yeah
I'm having a hilarious time watching all
of the Trump critics trying desperately
to coax a public apology from you know
the staffer who said something bad about
McCain so I tweeted today that people
are criticizing President Trump for
being for insulting people in the
context of an insult competition which
is what politics is they they insult him
he insults his critics it's sort of a
competition to reframe the critic badly
to brand yourself positively but it's
all an insult to competition so if
there's somebody in the insult
competition who is insulting that's not
news that's just saying that there is an
insult competition sort of like saying
as I said in my tweet it's like accusing
somebody of bowling during a bowling
tournament you bowled my god what are
you doing
you di demand an apology for your
bowling and then you say I'm in a
bowling tournament and they say nice try
apologist
try try explaining that to your children
and he did the beard for that
all right so that's it for now and if
there's any more breaking news I might
break back in here and talk about it but
for now don't feel too worried about the
walkway from North Korea or right on
schedule