um
hello everybody it's good to see you as
always
come on in gather round grab your
you-know-what you know what's coming
because this is coffee with Scott Adams
and you came to the right place you
clever people have your alerts set
you're ready you're prepared I would say
probably the future and leaders of the
world I think that's obvious but if
you'd like to get your morning off to
the right start I know you would
hello from Connecticut all you need to
play along with the simultaneous appears
the cover of our classes tying the
chalice to tankard a thermos of plastic
canteen the Grail a goblet a vessel of
any kind filling with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and now for the
dopamine hit that gets your day off to
the right start the best part of the day
the thing that makes everything better
at the simultaneous sip join me now go
ha ha ha ha whoo that was an extra good
one well let's talk about all the fun
news yes the fun news so have you
noticed that the simpler the message the
more effective it is that's one of those
ways you can predict the future now not
with any sense of certainty of course
because the future is a is a pretty
squishy thing but one of the tricks that
I often use to get an advantage in
guessing what's going to happen next or
to guess what messages are more
persuasive is that the simpler the
message the more easy it is to spread
and become viral and to repeat in it and
it sticks in your head better more
people can understand it so if you have
a contest between a simple message and a
complicated one
usually you want to bet on the simple
one all other things being roughly
equals let me give you some examples
build the wall now of course there's
tons of pushback against build the wall
but everybody would agree that was a
super effective organizing slogan how
about this one
no collusion complete compare build the
wall to all of the arguments about open
borders and bubble is a complicated
argument against build a wall look at
Russia collusion this big complicated
story of who met who who talked to who
gave a dossier versus Trump's message no
collusion no collusion now it helps to
be on the right side of the facts as
apparently the president was but I'm
just making the point about the simpler
messages are more powerful now here's
where it gets more relevant if you're
talking about the Ukraine phone call
President Trump says it was a perfect
call simple but a little general the
perfect allow is a little bit of
disagreement here's what the other side
is saying that the phone call was quote
and you've noticed they all use the same
term digging up dirt and Biden now I've
said that a better way to a better way
to explain that call there's that the
president was pursuing one of the
highest priorities of the presidency
which is to make sure that the Republic
is not corrupted by a foreign power and
certainly if the highest polling the
person running for president Biden had
some kind of financial connection to
Ukraine it would be the highest priority
of a sitting president to get to the
bottom of that find out if there's
anything there to be worried about
so my explanation of what the president
was doing is complicated it's got you
gets the Constitution what's the job of
the president you have to consider our
history with Russia
you have to look at the priorities you
have to see that our other priorities
are under control the economy is going
well so that makes other priorities
higher it's this big complicated story
which has the advantage of being
completely true but complicated compared
what I just said and I believe every
part of what I just said is true
highest priority it matters if the guy
polling number one has got as in the
pockets of Ukraine and the information
we already have shows that you certainly
got a conflict of interest because
you're not going to sell out your kid so
that much is sort of obvious so if you
look at the complicated story it's all
true top priority president's job clear
evidence and the public domain that
nobody is arguing about that 100 Biden
is making a lot of money from the
foreign country and but it's complicated
it's it can't really compare with
daytime dirt on your opponents so in
terms of messaging in terms of
persuasion the Democrats have a clear
advantage because they can express their
their view of the world their movie with
a simple phrase digging up dirt on an
opponent you've noticed that almost all
of the Democrats and the anti-trump errs
use the same phrase right they always
say digging up dirt now what's the
difference between digging up dirt on
your opponent and doing your job as a
president to further a legal and totally
appropriate investigation of something
that's the highest priority in the
United States well you know let's say
those messages are hardly competitive
digging up dirt is a strong message all
right I've got this woman with the
curves what do the people who agree with
President Trump say in terms of moving
our troops out versus what to his
critics say the people who think it
might be a good decision and I don't
know I would have to say I'm still in
the fog of war if you're asking me to
order big you asleep back the Prez
this I would say anybody who has a firm
opinion about this curd turkey situation
I don't trust is the the only reasonable
opinion is we don't really know how this
is going to turn out
we just don't know we know people are
that will die but maybe they would have
under every other conditions we don't
know what the alternative is we don't
know and I'll talk more about that but
to support the president you would have
to come up with some kind of a story
that recognized the 400 years of history
of the Kurds you would have to know that
there occurred inside Turkey and Kurds
outside Turkey you would have to know
that they're Kurds that fought with us
and we considered allies still do I
guess but also Kurds that they are the
good ones are associated with were
clearly even we consider the United
States plus Turkey consider terrace see
how complicated against there's a safe
zone involved there's turkey you also
use the safe zone to repatriate Syrians
who moved into Turkey when the Syrian
war started that's a legitimate goal so
it gets this big complicated thing and
then Turkey is a NATO ally and there's
defense contracts and there's Russia so
in order to back the President on this
decision you've got a pretty complicated
story what is the other side have what
are the anti-trump people have here's
what they have abandoning our allies
ouch
compare this big complicated four
hundred year of Kurds and Turks and
allies and Russians and all that there's
so complicated you can barely hold the
dinner in your head at the same time
versus abandoning our allies how much
that's really powerful and you can see
it in the news what is it that Americans
want to do less than abandon allies not
much you know the United States has a
long history of allies being
really the main thing that keeps us
alive you know starting from the
revolution you know the Revolutionary
War we had to go get allies in that case
in France when World Wars 1 and 2
happened thank goodness we had allies
and thank goodness our allies had us as
allies and right down the line whenever
whenever there's you know the the
trouble goes down but there's 9/11 or
anything else you look to your allies
the United States consciousness and no
brand I hate to use that word for this
but just our self-image you know who we
are as a country our patriotism all of
that is really tightly wound around the
idea that you that you respect and play
well with your allies just as we expect
them to play well with us so the message
abandoning your allies is super strong
persuasion but let's talk a little bit
more about the other side oh and then
and then another simple one is that
president Trump's tried to do this trade
deal with China right the pro Trump side
is all complicated because you've got IP
theft I think several different ways
you've got some fencing a little
production there you've got a whole
bunch of different tariffs situations
what are they doing what are we doing
what's there what's their long-term you
know strategic military goal I mean I
can just go on and on about the
complexity of why pushing back on trade
makes sense here's the other side trade
deals never work that's it
trade deals never work that's the
anti-trump side look how simple lettuce
everybody can understand that even
though it's not true first of all who
said trade deals never works well if you
never do them right they don't work I
would argue that almost every
international deal we make is a trade
war it's just as somebody one quickly
it doesn't look like a war because
somebody's surrendered right away during
their first negotiation dammit I'm gonna
sign your contract it's the best I can
yeah we're in a continuous state of
trade war it's just some are bigger some
are smaller some are faster somewhere
some are not and you know baby
maybe Trump's on the verge of winning of
this one with China although I'm still
skeptical I think we're better off
decoupling them all right so simplicity
goes to the Democrats for I'll say the
the childlike arguments in the cases of
the Kurds and the cases of the cranes
situation there is sort of an adult way
to look at it and a child the way to
look at it and I noticed that the
Democrats keep picking the child view
the simplify it until you've lost all
the nuanced view here are some questions
I have not heard answered in the news on
the whole Kurdish turkey situation so
maybe you can help me in the comments
these are big questions number one what
is Turkey's goal with the safe zone what
exactly does their end state look like
does it look like Turkey is managing it
but there's some local control does it
look like they don't care who's in
charge as long as there are military's
there so they can do what they want with
that area are they looking to kill all
the Kurds are they looking to move the
Kurds in or out of the safe zone are
they looking to find an agreement with
the Kurds what exactly is turkey trying
to do we don't know so it's hard to hard
to be you know strongly for or against
anything that's happening there because
I don't know what they're trying to do
exactly I mean you know in general that
they're moving in and controlling that
territory you know you they want to move
some of the refugees in there and we
know that they're not happy with the
Kurds but what exactly do they think is
the end state that turkey wants to have
there what's that look like I don't know
do you
here's one here's the biggest question
why are the Kurds who are in that area
that turkey is moving into not asking
the United States to moderate peace
talks
is that not conspicuously missing right
isn't that a gigantic gap in the whole
narrative on both sides I guess one of
the most natural things to happen if he
had a big partner like the United States
and your big partner was moving out but
obviously has good relations you know
long-term relations with turkey and
turkey is attacking you and you don't
think you have a chance against them
because the Turkish army has just been
overwhelmed the smaller Kurdish forces
were you know probably less armed what
would be your natural inclination
wouldn't you ask the United States to
try to work out a deal where you could
keep some Kurdish autonomy or maybe part
of the safe zone would be still Kurdish
but maybe the rest of it they could use
to repatriate the immigrants would any
of that work so the question is this can
you support an ally who's not asking you
to at least help as the first-stage to
negotiate a peace deal why is that
missing why is it that only war is the
option that's being talked about have
you ever seen a situation where only war
was talked about the Kurds just
immediately grabbed their weapons and
went to go fight they never said as far
as I know unless I missed it they never
said please United States can you get us
in the meeting with the Turks and we're
trying to work this out so we we
understand they have more power than we
do but we want to work out whatever is
our best deal that doesn't involve us
all getting slaughtered where is that
now it could be that they have such a
bad history for
years of animus between Turks and Kurds
it could be that they just both know I
can't happen now what do you do in a
situation where neither side wants to
not fight it looks like the Kurds prefer
fighting based on the fact that I don't
see them asking for anything else
it looks like the Turks prefer fighting
based on the fact that I'm not aware of
them asking the United States to work
something out with the Kurds maybe it's
happened but the news is not reporting
that so it leaves us in this this
unknown situation so let me let me ask
you this let's say you're in public
somewhere and you come upon a fight and
it's two adult males they seem about
evenly matched just for this example
this is not a perfect analogy to Turks
and Kurds but just for this example
let's say they look about evenly matched
and it's obvious that they both want to
fight and they're starting to fight it's
clear that neither of them wants to back
down they want to fight what do you do
do you break them up I don't never I
would never break up a fight between two
people who want to be fighting I just
wouldn't do it because I wouldn't take a
chance of getting hurt that's two people
doing what they want to do roughly
evenly matched let them fight it out
yeah there might be there's a pretty
high risk of grievous injury but they're
both making that choice so I tend to
look at that differently than if you
come upon a fight where one obviously
doesn't want to be there if one is
trying to get away or one is obviously
uh you know mismatched but maybe doesn't
know how to back down in those cases
that would be tempted to step in but I'm
looking at Turkey and the Kurds and all
I see is two groups that want to fight
do the Kurds who are in northern Turkey
want a deal or do they want to carve out
a homeland which would require fighting
so this kind of gets us to where do we
have the greater connection in other
words is our obligation to Turkey as a
NATO ally greater than our obligation to
the Kurds who we fought with and have a
a military sort of you know a bond
forged in in war which is pretty strong
a bond so I looked up the the mission of
NATO because I wanted to remind myself
what that was about because I wasn't
sure since NATO was sort of formed as a
Soviet Union defence thing I wasn't sure
if it was still oriented specifically
toward Russia but here's at least from
Wikipedia
here's Wikipedia's description of NATO
it constitutes a system of collective
defence meaning all the dozens of
countries that are part of NATO or a
collective defence whereby it's
independent member states agree to
mutual defence in response to an attack
by an external party so if an external
party were to attack any member of NATO
then all of NATO would be activated so
if there were an external enemy fighting
Turkey we would be bye-bye agreement our
NATO agreement we will be bound to
defend turkey against external attack
assuming that the external attack was
not also a NATO member I suppose that
can happen but under the normal
situation where a NATO member gets
attacked by an external force we have an
obligation to join the NATO side so now
you but you ask yourself wait a minute
who's doing the attacking this looks
more like Turkey attacking the Kurds
well here's where it gets kind of a gray
area because the Kurds have a long
history of doing terrorist attacks
against Turkey and I don't think Turkey
makes much of a distinction between the
ones that are living in Turkey although
they would call it
the Kurds might versus the ones that are
right on the border and associated with
a with the with the terrorists I think
you saw the way the United States
treated the Taliban for harboring al
Qaeda and the Taliban is not who
attacked the United States but we sort
of treated them all the same didn't we
we kind of said Taliban al Qaeda you're
a little too friendly we're just going
to treat you all the same Turkey is
treating all of the Kurds the same as
some of the Kurds is that fair that's
what we did we went after all of the
Taliban not some of them right it seems
to me that given that Turkey has a
legitimate claim that Kurds in general
attacked Turkey on a regular basis and
that the only way they can stop what
they think will be future attacks for
more Kurds would be to have more get
more control over the Kurdish lands that
are adjacent to them it's looking a lot
like Turkey has a NATO argument even if
it's not the cleanest one that because
the Kurds are associated with or
represent or are a little too close to
Kurdish terrorists that they can move to
control Kurds it's not a bad argument
and I would say that if if there were
any such thing as a court they had to
decide which of our two allies to back
when they start fighting by the way I
can't think of another example of this
can you can you think of a case recently
where two allies military allies of the
United States fought each other
there probably are plenty of examples I
can't think of one but I'd love to know
how that went
anyway if there were some kind of a
court where the United States had to
pick a side because they're both our
allies but they're fighting each other I
think the NATO treaty would be the
winning document
you know I think if there were any kind
of objective court they would say oh
this was it this is an ugly one because
we're siding with it the Kurds in Syria
but we also sided with Turkey and NATO
which is the which is the ruling
relationship I think a court would side
with backing turkey even if he ate it I
mean I think that the NATO agreement
would just be a stronger commitment and
that the the Turks have demonstrated
that the Kurds are a danger to Turkey
now you could argue that the Kurds
should be a danger to Turkey you could
argue that the Kurds deserve a homeland
and those are those those is all being
fair fair enough things you know they
may they may fear Turkish domination and
that could be bad in a lot of a lot of
ways but but you still have to back your
NATO ally or what is NATO
what does NATO mean if you're not gonna
back your ally against someone who's not
in NATO alright so those are my
questions and without knowing the answer
to those questions it's hard to have an
opinion about whether what Trump is
doing is good or bad now that won't stop
people from having opinions but I would
as I argue in my new book loser think
which is available for pre-order and
thank you to all the people who are
sending me on and on Twitter a lot of
people are sending photos of showing the
receipt that they bought the book so
thank you Adam for Adam Townsend for
suggesting that and for recommending
that people look at the book but anyway
in loser think one of my main themes is
that people are not going to comparing
things and if you're looking at what
Trump is doing pulling out you would
have with the pulling out from the
Kurdish area there you would have to
compare it to the alternatives to have
any kind of a rational opinion have you
seen anybody do that
have you seen anybody who opposes
Trump's decision to pull out our fifty
or so troops have you seen anybody who
opposed it described what it would look
like if they stay how long would they
stay
it would turkey then say oh no we can't
attack the Kurds because there are fifty
people somewhere in the general vicinity
that we don't want to hurt
I think the Turks would do what they're
gonna do anyway wouldn't you let me ask
you this if the United States had a
terrorist threat that was assembling on
his border right on the border
you know let's say it was Mexico and we
knew who they were and we knew that some
of them were associated with terrorists
etc would we not act against them
because somewhere within those hundreds
and hundreds of miles somewhere in a
well-defined area we'd probably know
exactly where they were there were some
British troops you know and we wouldn't
want to accidentally kill any British
people but we also know where they are
and we also know where the bad guys are
and this scenario would we stop acting
militarily against the bad guys were in
hundreds of miles of well identified
area where the 50 British troops were
not would we really hold back because
there were 50 troops somewhere where we
could easily avoid them I don't think we
would
now when I say easily avoid remember
it's war so nothing's easy and maybe
something would get her so it makes
perfect sense that we would get out of
the way just in case but I don't think
turkey was gonna hold back their
national interest is pretty extreme in
this case and it's it's greater than
ours unfortunately you know they have
more immediate life-and-death national
integrity reasons to control their
border than we have in unfortunately in
treating the Kurds that we fought with
the way
would like to treat them which is better
tough choices and so it seems once again
the Trump is making the adult decision
doing the hard thing because the easy
thing wasn't available
you know nobody had the option of the
easy thing there were just hard choices
Trump looked at hard choices and he
picked one is he right don't know don't
know
so Smerconish on CNN had a law professor
on and he asked this question this is
about the Ukrainian phone call so
bouncing back and forth from topics here
yes good president Trump used as a
defense that it was a legitimate
legitimate issue to hold back funds
until we had a better idea about
Ukrainian corruption because it wouldn't
make sense to release funds into a
corrupt system so Smerconish yes would
that be a legitimate defense against the
Pietschmann s-- and i don't know what
the professor said yes or no it doesn't
matter because my point is that
Smerconish didn't ask quite the right
question because the more right question
is is there a national interest of the
United States to understand if the the
person leading in the polls to be
President has a foreign entanglement
that feels like a perfect defense to
impeachment because that's exactly what
the president was asking and it's our
highest priority and it's his job
why didn't spring on the SHAC questions
isn't that the better question why am i
the only one who ever says it I feel
like I'm the only person who's ever
who's ever phrased it the way I just did
top priority we have evidence in public
domain 100 Biden has a financial
connection presidents top priority and
for the people who say oh you should
have had the FBI look into it it's not
the president's job if you've ever
worked with any large organization you
know
that until the bosses agree the
underlings just don't do the work at
least not effectively so I'm sure if the
president could have just assigned it to
somebody he would have done that if he
thought it would actually happen there's
an article I tweeted around so I'm a
Good Morning America there's an author
who's a sort of an anti-trump or type
but he admits that the tapes deep state
is real except here's his twist so he
says of course the deep state is real
but they're they're defending the
Constitution they're not bad guys
they're not trying to reverse an
election they're just trying to protect
the Constitution here's what I say about
this everybody who says they're just
trying to protect the Constitution check
them for a long black robe if they're
wearing some kind of a long black robe
and they happen to be on the Supreme
Court they might be involved in
protecting the Constitution if you see
somebody in the military entrance
perhaps carrying a weapon that person
might be involved in protecting the
Constitution if you see an idiot on
Twitter or somebody writing a book or in
an interview who is none of those things
I just mentioned not in the Supreme
Court and not in the military one thing
you can be sure of is they're not
they're protecting the Constitution they
have their own interests and the use of
the Constitution as their little fig
leaf to say well protecting the
constitution one of your tells for
illegitimate opinion meaning it's not
what the person actually believes it's
just a political opinion is if you say
it's to protect the Constitution and by
the way I'll say this no matter which
side is saying it doesn't matter if yes
the conservatives are saying it about
their topic doesn't matter it's the
Liberals
as soon as you hear somebody say yes
these normal people in the government
these deep Staters are protecting the
Constitution that is just almost
certainly because we can all
interpret the Constitution any way we
want right you interpret it as you can
have guns and any kind of gun you want
under any condition it's in the
Constitution the person sitting right
next to you says no that's not what it
means I read the Constitution it's all
about a militia should have a militia
you're not a militia so give me your
guns so anybody who is protecting the
Constitution but they're not on the
Supreme Court is not your friend the
last thing you want to hear is that
somebody's doing something to protect
the Constitution if they don't have a
robe on I don't want to hear all right
so that's enough of that Mitt Romney I
don't know if he's behind it or not but
somebody who seems to be supporting Mitt
Romney printed up some shirts the same
it happens now here's my advice to you
if you if you're making a shirt for
yourself don't associate yourself with
 you should associate yourself with
something good
happiness puppies money power there are
a lot of things that are good that you
could associate yourself with but do not
associate yourself via a shirt with a
witty saying that makes you think of
somebody's last name and translated
immediately to so MIT happens I
will put that in the Hall of Fame of bad
ideas Hall of Fame all right
did you - here's some more stuff there's
a PSA that was running and guess I got a
little news that was comparing youth
football to smoking cigarettes and the
idea was that kids playing football are
getting concussions and if you were
concerned about the health of children
you would treat youth football the same
way the same way you would treat youth
smoking cigarettes you should treat them
both as something that's bad for your
health now a lot of people's push back
and said my god
football is amazing we can't have people
saying football is bad let me give you
my opinion I'm pretty sure someday we
will be amazed that we let kids play
sports that were almost guaranteed to
give them concussions because we know
now that concussion is just a fancy word
for brain damage and in many cases too
many cases it's permanent permanent
brain damage now it might have small
effect it may have a large effect it
might not affect you until later in life
but it is brain damage so I'm going to
say that whoever came up with a PSA
comparing youth football to smoking
cigarettes a plus because you've made
people talk about it and you made people
think about it and you made people try
to argue about it but in the in the
presence in the the process of arguing
about it you probably got people to talk
themselves into the fact that Spur do
dangerous stuff here here's my tip for
you are you ready if something typically
requires a helmet to do it don't do that
let me say it again so you're some of
the best advice you'll ever have in life
if there's an activity that typically
requires a helmet don't do that you just
ask them for trouble so and in the
comments I've seen what about bicycling
bicycling yeah bicycling is among the
most dangerous
things you could do now I know that
people ride bicycles because they like
it and they understand the risks and
they take them so you know you're an
adult and you're in the country or where
you have that freedom so I'm not going
to tell you that as an adult you should
not ride a bike because it requires a
helmet scheme similar yeah baseball if
you're batting soccer if you're if
you're heading the ball in soccer
consistently like you know you're
playing competitive soccer and you're
heading the ball all the time don't do
that just don't do that though we're a
little bit smarter about had damage or
brain damage now now I have
unfortunately personal experience with
this my stepson had a bicycle accident
with a helmet with a helmet and had
permanent brain damage
so much so that it probably contributed
to his death later and drug overdose
because he lost he lost all of his
ability to judge risk he couldn't tell
how dangerous things were after that
after the injury and I know so I agree
with I agree with youth football being
compared to smoking I think that's a
fair comparison persuasion wise and
rationally it's a it's pretty good now I
also have a big problem with with
schools pushing sports in general
somebody says life is risk sure it is
don't don't we prevent children from
risks we prevent children from risks all
the time there's a million ways we
prevent children from risks there's
something that of all ravva consid
that I had him on my periscope awhile
ago and he said that you know in the
past maybe your physical strength is
what determines your success more
recently it's more like your
intelligence would be your determinants
of success
he's predicting that in the fairly near
future the biggest predictor of success
would be your ability to avoid addiction
it is one of those thoughts that just
hits you like like a pile of bricks
because you realize it's probably true
because you know once we get to the
point where I don't know maybe there's a
ubi and robots helping us out and we've
solved most of our big problems your
biggest problem as a human will be
avoiding addiction and if you look
around at your adult friends how many
friends do you know adults who don't
have some kind of an addiction some of
them might be medically prescribed some
of them might be legal a lot of them are
legal but addictions nonetheless they're
you know I don't know too many people
who aren't on some kind of drug so it's
unusual in my world maybe that's a
California thing I don't know I don't
know the where I was going with this I
forgot my point is that now that we know
how prevalent concussions are and that
they are permanent brain damage in many
cases it's not most and and we know
exactly which activities are likely to
give them to you I'm wondering if you
could you know have a corollary to
Duvall's thought that of avoiding
addiction is going to be your main
determinant of success here's another
one avoiding brain damage might be your
primary indicator of success here I'm
going to throw addiction into head
injury and make them the same category
those people who protect their brains
and it sort of nurture them have far
more likelihood of success than those
people who put their brain at risk one
way you could put your brain at risk is
by drinking too much smoking cigarettes
doing drugs lost you know lots of
addiction ways to put your brain at risk
but playing sports
are they require you to wear a helmet
there's a reason you wear the helmet and
obviously it doesn't help enough so I
think that protecting the integrity of
your physical brain addiction plus
avoiding things that would give you
concussions probably are going to be
some of the strongest indicators of
future success all right a Twitter
follower today tweeted out something
very interesting I'm balancing all
back-and-forth on topics here but I know
you can keep up andrius Backhouse he's
got a PhD in economics does research
stuff he created a map of all the
violent incidents between Turks and
Kurds the PKK or the you know and the
YPG that I guess the two groups occurred
between the beginning of 2017 and sold
recently so just two years ish more than
6500 fatalities so there were 6,500
incidents of Turks and Kurds getting
into violence enough so that they were
researchable so forget about things that
were so small that they didn't get the
news or anything these are just the
researchable moments of violence 6500 of
them in about two years now how does
that change your opinion of whether the
curves and the Turks can work things out
like they could work things out but
getting back to the point of would it be
fair to say that the Turks feel that
they've been attacked by an outside
force they got a pretty good argument
that they've been attacked by an outside
force and so that certainly has a NATO
implications
if you were bad at grasses never mind
that you change my topic have you
noticed that the the anti-trump errs
let's say CNN MSNBC and people on
Twitter they're starting to say that the
president is not normal well as if
that's bad it's pretty much the reason
he got elected because he's not normal
that's exactly what his supporters
wanted they wanted him to be non normal
in a specific way that he delivered but
what does it mean when you see people
say that something is weird
non-standard non-presidential not normal
what do all of those things have in
common
he's not presidential he's not normal
it's unusual it's non-standard it's not
the way it's done well all of those have
one thing in common they don't mean
anything they actually don't mean
anything isn't you know the the calling
something not normal
is let me put it this way I spend a lot
of time in my life driving teenagers
from one place to another so if you're
an adult and there are any kids in your
life you've probably spent a lot of time
listening to them talk in the backseat
while you're driving them from one
activity to another so I've spent
countless hours listening to teenagers
talk candidly because you know they'll
forget that there's anybody listening
and talk to each other what is the main
thing that people that teenagers will
say about other teens you know they of
course they'll say all the normal things
that you'd expect you know they're smart
or dumb or attractive or not attractive
all the usual stuff but one of the most
common things is they say is weird that
people are weird and not normal but they
don't mean not normal in some like major
you know brain problem or anything just
not quite the way they are the feeling
that something is not standardized the
way they would like to see a stain
is off-putting that there's there's sort
of an emotional biological natural
reaction to anything that's non-standard
and so I'm watching this weird inversion
happening in which liberals and
conservatives have changed sides have
you noticed that if you were to define
what a conservative was ten years ago
you'd probably say something like well
conservatives are the ones that don't
like things to be weird we just like
just keep it normal just don't be weird
with your long hair you hippie and your
drugs just go just just do the standard
things that have worked before be
conservative that's why you would have
thoughts in a very general way you know
traditional values and there's a
religious element etc and you would have
said that liberals would be defined by
hey let's loosen up let's let's try some
different things let's say you know
experimentally I can I can live my life
this way you can live your life that way
you're fine I'm fine we're just
different diversity everybody can do
their own thing that would feel like
that was the old liberal view but when
you see the anti-trump errs revert to
he's not normal he's non-standard he's
non-presidential they've completely
flipped sides what what did the Liberals
say when the president used profanity in
his rally speech let me give you an
oppression of every flaming liberal who
saw the president use a mild profanity
in a rally speech
[Music]
[Music]
what will we do it's the end of the
world who did that used to be it used to
be the Conservatives wouldn't you
imagine that if a politician used a bad
word in public that the Conservatives
would rush in and say yeah we don't act
like that that is not the way to be
presidential that's not the way it's
been done
that's not doesn't lead to good
traditional values our kids deserve
better
it's all coming from the other side
wonder what a Conservatives say about
president Trump's show I like to use the
word show because the president clearly
and can in it's obvious that it's
intentional puts on a show that's a
little bit separate from you know who he
is as a person or who he is as a
politician he puts on the show and the
show has many you know many benefits
that help him in a variety of ways it
gets people's energy up and you know
takes attention away from his critics
and everything else but what one of the
conservatives say about his show that is
very non conservative love it can't get
enough on it we'd sure like to see
another one so it seems that and and I
guess conservatives always had the the
seed for this for this and what I mean
by that is one of the things I love most
about Christians without actually being
one so I'm not a believer we don't need
to get into that but I'm simply not a
believer but I'm a big fan of religion
because I see that it has many benefits
in people's lives and I like benefits so
if people can get benefits out of
religion I'm all for it as long as it
doesn't hurt me in some way but one of
the things I've always most appreciated
about Christians is they'll all forgive
this idea you know you'll hate the sin
love the center that's a really strong
concept and you can see that with Trump
with Trump I think Christians are
true to Christianity in the sense and
that they're saying you know I don't
love the sentence not approving of the
sins but I kind of like the guy because
I think he's he's moving us in a
productive direction and so the
Conservatives seemed true to course
forgiving they are forgiving of this
president and man as he given them a lot
of things they need to forgive there's a
lot of forgiveness going on there but it
is also their core belief a core a
Christian belief is that you can redeem
yourself maybe you used to do some bad
stuff if you used to do some bad stuff
but now you don't what is a Christian
say about you you're awesome
right compare this a Christian sees that
you did some bad stuff but you've
clearly changed your life and now now
you're you know working for the good
Christian says that is ideal because
we're all sinners we've all made
mistakes I'm gonna judge you by what you
did about it that's a powerful thought
I'm not gonna judge you by the sin
because we all sin
I'm gonna judge you by what you did
about it now in the legal sense you know
you have to have legal penalties and
stuff to keep society working but how
you think about it personally in the
Christian Way is not judging the sin not
judging the sinner that's the sort of
God's job but I'm definitely gonna judge
what you did about it did you fix it did
you fix it if you did
I'm good with you what did the Liberals
say if you're a little bit weird we
can't deal with it if you're
non-standard it has to be stopped if you
are unusual maybe we should put the foot
down on that if you're not presidential
in the way it has been done classically
and historically we're not comfortable
with that so the Liberals have
completely shifted with the
Conservatives on sort
visceral opinion of non-standard
behavior so now the non-standard
behavior is completely owned by the
Conservatives weirdly enough and they
have but the Conservatives have an
established very very effective very
powerful base of philosophical thought
that allows them to do that effortlessly
it's effortless for a Christian to
forgive it's the basic thing it's the
most basic thing they do alright I think
I had one more point oh it this is it so
for a variety of reasons I don't want
the president to be impeached so in my
perfect world the president would not be
impeached but if he's impeached and not
removed from office I'm not gonna say
that I won't enjoy the process I might I
might sort of enjoy the show I might
enjoy where that leaves I might enjoy
that the Republicans would get up
subpoena power in that situation and
lots of things will come up about the
Democrats I might enjoy the show but I
was thinking today what if and I'm not
predicting this happens I think it's
hugely unlikely but what if Democrats
succeeded and impeached the president
and let's say that there are enough
Republicans were mad about the Kurds
that that even the Senate goes with it
imagine if you will imagine if you will
the president Trump removed from office
there's an interesting thing that would
happen after that and I was just sort of
you know gaming it through in my head
like why would have what would that look
like
what would the world look like after
that now forget about who takes over
let's say let's say pence fills in for a
few months and then Elizabeth Warren or
somebody else becomes president what
happens next well here's the thing what
happens next is Scott winning so hard it
would be harder than anybody ever
and what I mean by that is everything
that I've said predicted or promoted
would look to be validated when
President Trump if you were replaced
getting a lot of incoming messages from
the same person friend of mine is drunk
texting me from another country so what
I wondered why can I text was just
blowing up at this early in the morning
they had a friend in another country at
another time zone he's he was a drunk
texting that's funny
anyway what was I saying
oh if President Trump left office you
would have a new president and and
here's and here's where I'm going with
this what would the new president do
about China and trade talks would the
new president say President Trump you
were wrong all along
to hold to have a trade war I don't
think so it wouldn't matter if he had a
Democrat or Republican wouldn't anybody
who became the new president no matter
how much they hated the old president
because Trump has already shown that
China can be made to be flexible because
this phase one he's talking about it's
obvious that China is willing to do some
stuff that they weren't gonna do before
and it's stuff that we care about and
seems to make a big difference
wouldn't you think that the next
president has to keep the trade war
going or at least benefit by the fact
that Trump finished it and we got a good
result I think Trump is on the verge of
being treated as the rightest president
who has ever been right about China am I
wrong
that you that even the Democrat would
have to take on Trump's stand with China
or else they would look like idiots so I
think no matter what Trump is going to
be right about China I think he's going
to be right about the other trade deals
as well because the day that Trump Lee
is probably
Congress can approve the u.s. MCA right
as soon as Trump is gone then everybody
probably the Congress could say okay
Trump's gone let's approve his deal so I
think you'd be right on all the trade
deals I think that at least the
Conservatives would always say he got
great judges in you know the other side
will think the opposite I think that
let's say North Korea what will happen
if if somebody who decided to get tough
with North Korea became president I
think things would go south fast I think
that North Korea would make Trump look
like a genius if you put in another
president before before North Korea it
gets handled in some way and that's
going to take years probably so I think
he's gonna look right on that I think
that Syria is gonna be a basket case no
matter who's president and it's gonna
look smart than we got out as much as we
could so I think Trump will be
vindicated on the economy trade Syria
North Korea probably nuclear power
because I think you know you see even
the left starting to say yeah yeah we
need nuclear power Bill Gates
his company one of the that he invests
in Terra Power has several designs that
don't have any of the dangers of the old
nuclear power stuff and we're ready to
go
so Trump is gonna look like he's right
on nuclear power which makes the climate
change argument not as powerful as it
used to be because if you're doing
everything you should do whether you
believe nuclear whether you believe
climate is at risk or not that takes
away a lot of the argument and I don't
think that Trump is opposed to green
technology and if nuclear steps up as I
predicted well he's gonna look right
about that too and then there's
immigration everything that Trump does
on the immigration looks bad because
it's Trump
all right so imagine you remove Trump
you
Democrat in there what the hell is that
Democrat going to do with immigration
that is much different than what Trump
is doing whoever it goes in after Trump
is gonna have the same problem and
they're probably gonna have to get tough
on the border because otherwise people
will just stream across the border and
no word no ripped no Democrat could
really abide that situation so I think
if Trump ever got impeached you would
have this weird thing happened where he
would be the moment of impeachment he
would be you know one of the top
disgraced presidents of all time five
years later even after being impeached
and removed from office if that were to
happen again I don't think it's going to
happen he would be considered one of the
greatest presidents of all time because
everything that he did would start to
look like they were good choices you
know five years later you say oh I'm
glad he got us out of Syria glad that
economy is going well glad we've got
nuclear energy glad we got deals with
North Korea China he's gonna look like a
genius in five years even if he gets
impeached so the best way to make
President Trump look great is to give us
a couple more years of a Democrat as
president I think you're gonna see
things a little bit more clearly when
you've got something to compare all
right boo is saying hi back there she
apparently has something to say to me
and I will talk to you all later