um hey everybody hey Chris we're gonna
have a like crew tonight you got lots to
do at night and you're not addicted to
watching me at nights yet yet well I
thought I would do a little bonus
periscope because it's an emergency you
know what you don't get enough of
entertainment when you're locked up into
your house it's a rainy day here but I
still got my working it workout in I
just put in any very large order of food
for my local restaurant and I'm watching
my map as the as the car is approaching
well I'll have to get off when they get
here even brought a little extra I
bought a whole entree that may or may
not even eat but it's a local restaurant
and I'm just sending my money their way
gonna spread it around hope you're all
doing the same now the side benefit of
that of having them deliver hot food is
you know aside from not having to cook
it is that you get to keep the food
that's already in your house so my
supply of you know whatever excess I
have for an emergency well it's
untouched I'll just door - and support
the local businesses now I don't think
I'll say this a billion times I don't
think we have a food problem take for
example nobody is hoarding broccoli
nobody nobody's hoarding broccoli
because broccoli doesn't last very long
so it you know as long as you're willing
to have your food delivered or send
somebody who was invulnerable to go get
it for you you got plenty of food
there's not really any chance that the
vegetables are gonna run out you know
we're worried about it when the
vegetables run out but it looks like
there's not even any slight risk of that
all the businesses are responding in I
don't know if you can feel it yet can
you feel it and the zeitgeist you know
the the zeitgeist is a German word
because there's no word in English that
has that same meaning and it's it's
basically that that general feeling in
the air well who knew who knew that the
coronavirus would be the thing that
brought us together but it's happening I
have never seen less political
partisanship than this week I mean at
least not they arrived Trump am i right
you know there's still some people were
doing their political thing but as
somebody mentioned in the comments and
this is worth calling out I don't know
if you noticed that Dana Bash CNN one of
them one of their more prominent
personalities I don't know I she would
be she would be like you know frequent
guest or something and Dana Bash said on
CNN with without reservation that the
president's communication style is is
now right where it needs to be and
that's the leader that we've been
waiting for and I think she's right now
nobody's been tougher on the president's
communication than I have and and I
gotta tell you it's been painful because
I don't want to be the one who
criticizes him this is just way less fun
than talking about the things he does
right but he wasn't crushing it the
public spoke the media spoke I'm sure
his advisers spoke but here's the good
news he adjusted and boy did he adjust
and I was trying to figure out why what
what changed you know some of it is you
know maybe is thinking about it you know
may have changed but it occurred to me
that when he was struggling on his
messaging was when he had to give us bad
news and it was the kind of bad news the
kind of really would hope
didn't necessarily come true so imagine
Trump's perpetual optimistic personality
and he has the hardest job in the world
which is to tell the public there's a
big really bad thing coming and there's
not a whole lot we can do to completely
stop it you know we're gonna do the best
we can he wasn't really his personality
wasn't suited for that he has a lifetime
of optimism and the the leadership of
the moment called for him to be brutally
honest and sort of pessimistic you know
pessimistic babies too far but he had to
be brutally honest about bad news I
don't think that's his sweet spot but
we're no longer in that phase we have
passed him to war this is war we're a
war with a entity this virus that we're
trying to divide and conquer we're
trying to beat it we're using every tool
in the Arsenal and we're making new ones
but it's a war and it turns out the
Trump's good at war because as soon as
the message was were under attack we're
gonna beat this thing suddenly he was
fixed because optimism works when you're
in the war it as long as it's not crazy
optimism you know not not the salesmen
stuff stuff but the you know we're gonna
beat this we're gonna get this you know
stick together that sort of thing that
works when you're in the war it wasn't
right you you can't use that optimism
when the troubles coming and that's a
big difference so I think one of the
things I've often said about the
president is that he is an extremely
nimble learner meaning that he you know
became a you know real estate tycoon he
learned that that he learned how to use
the the media he learned how to build
golf courses he learned licensing he
learned these businesses he learned how
to be a television star and then he
learned how to be a president he's sort
of an autodidact
of of you know of people in the sense
that if people are involved you can
learn how to do this stuff really
quickly so two things happened the
situation changed to be more compatible
with his aggressive personality you know
aggressive is what he does well it's
honestly it's why a lot of us you know
supportive in the first place is that
he's more aggressive than other people
honestly that that's the biggest part of
his appeal one of the biggest parts is
that you'll simply go where others won't
go and sometimes you need that maybe you
don't need it every year maybe you don't
need it every decade every now and then
you need somebody who will come in and
just do the stuff that you wish had
gotten done but it's just too hard and
nobody's going to be that aggressive and
that's him so I think we've were close
to turning a corner on ingenuity not
turning a corner on the problem they'll
still be you know more cases tomorrow
and maybe the day after
but are you are you feeling the amount
of human energy that's going into this
are you feeling the smartest people in
the world just self-organizing into this
you know mind-blowing power that we've
never seen before at least focused on a
single issue I just saw a list I don't
remember everything on it but it was all
a good news list so you know where you
expected to see a long list of good news
now its preliminary good news but it
turns out that China has essentially
written up their experience and when you
read it it gives you kind of a playbook
because China tried a lot of stuff they
try too fast they try too hard and they
learned and they learned and they a/b
tested and they learned because they had
to they had a lot of people there you
know I hate to say experiment on because
that's not the mindset but they had a
lot of experiences by which they could
see what worked in what didn't and they
wrote them up and you look at the
document and it's almost a recipe for
beating this thing yeah in terms
the the medicines that they used to
treat and again apparently this this
malaria drug that's been around for a
long time
hydroxy claw will or whatever the
otherwise totally works
apparently the question about whether
it's effective feels kind of answered
even though anecdotally there were so
many anecdotal experiences and they were
so consistent kind of looks like it
works so there's that somebody saying
black Plaquenil
I think that's the that's the
manufacturers name for it versus the
generic name oh thank you in the
comments there's the word chloroquine
chloroquine and then there's one that's
apparently even better that's you
hydroxychloroquine or something so
there's that then there's also a number
of other drugs that I recognize that the
Chinese tried and got good results with
and then also we saw he and on Twitter
suggested the idea of taking the blood
from people who had recovered and
therefore had antibodies and I guess
there's a process where you can take the
good stuff out of the blood and give it
to other people
and get some immunity and you know and
you have just floated this idea was it
this morning I think it was early as
this morning or yesterday I guess and
then the Chinese report came out I just
thought today and one of the things that
they tried was that and apparently has
some promise
I don't know that full outcome but it
was worth trying and and and it was
worth it for them to mention it as
something that others should try so and
apparently they've done it again
so there are a whole bunch of drugs for
treating and then there's news coming
out of various places about vaccines I
think that'll take longer but the
effectiveness of the drugs that are at
least preliminarily it's still too early
to say we have a drug that will fix this
you're all good your
good that's that's not what I'm saying
I'm saying that the indication is so
strong there was there were there were
ready to turn the corner who haven't
turned the corner but that we're
prepping to turn the corner you can
almost feel it that's in the air now and
you you're seeing people being so
amazingly creative and and and just
self-motivated you know self-organizing
self-motivated so on the treatment front
it's looking really good now the other
thing that of course all of us you know
we observers who are not experts and we
think we're experts because we you know
we watched the entity for 15 minutes or
something but you know we're all crying
for more test kits and we're you know
where's our testing give me my test kit
blah blah blah I'm just watching my door
- or approach here excuse me gotta get
that back on the map and here's the
thing I don't know well I I know I it
seems to me that the the regular news
business became kind of hollow because
it turned into just talking about what
Trump did today which you don't need any
base reporting for so the only base
reporting that we're seeing is coming in
of just a few outlets you don't see much
of it on TV
Joe Pollock's done some for Breitbart
yeah I think the Washington Post this
doesn't sound probably the New York
Times but yeah I imagine the Wall Street
Journal but there's not as much
investigating and the question that I
have is what's up with the test kits
what is up with the test kits my guess
is that there's a whole lot of activity
going on to prepare to make them and
maybe they're already starting to crank
them out and in volume it's not it's not
that making it it's the volume part my
guess is that by sometime next week
we're going to have god-awful number of
tests because that's the sort of who we
are we're a country that could
manufacture stuff
and we can retrofit stuff and we can
figure stuff out or we can solve
problems and the best of us are focusing
on the biggest problems the best of us
so I would take a lot of comfort from
the fact that we've now had enough time
that the smartest people in the world no
doubt are starting to spin up factories
to turn out the test kits that's
probably if you have the treatment and
the test kits and you have them let's
say in the next 30 days you know widely
available that might be optimistic but
America can American do that in 30 days
in 30 days do you think America could
get these drugs into our pharmacies by
the way I checked my pharmacy and I
can't get that you know drug I just
forget every time I mention it so the
drug that's working and widely available
for malaria is not in my local pharmacy
I don't know if it's because my doctor
was a little unclear about why it could
be because we don't need it not a lot of
malaria here maybe maybe that's why more
likely the government has already
confiscated it maybe because there can't
be that much of it that was sort of
already in shelves with the big medical
in this case it was Kaiser and it makes
me wonder if the government didn't just
say you know give it all to us and we'll
control guess it because it's gonna be
like gold
maybe I mean just guessing it could be
that they just don't keep it on stock so
I don't really know but how hard would
it be to get it how hard would it be to
crack it and I don't think there's any
chance that the that whatever
manufacturing the company makes us I
don't think there's any chance they
aren't cranking it down right now you
know it all likelihood the the
manufacturing is operating at no you
know 200 percent already we'll see if
they can get enough somebody's had 47
percent false positive results is that
the tests you know I'm told that the
tests don't have to be a hundred percent
accurate to be a hundred percent useful
you know it's better if they're accurate
but if you can catch most people you
really you know you can you can knock
down the the viral effect enough that
maybe you can get a handle of it so you
don't have to beat it into complete
submission you just were wounded and the
testing might be able to do that
chloroquine right chloroquine that's the
name of it
seventeen percent or asymptomatic yeah
the only thing I know because we're
we're all armchair experts here right
the only thing we know for sure
oops looks like my foods delivered it's
a it's a no-contact delivery so I'm
looking at the security camera and I
should get a text at the moment because
the the new protocol is that you leave
an instruction to just leave it at the
front door and then they text me when
it's there there it is so they're just
acts to be able to say that they have
delivered it to their front door
perfect it's a really good system you
know if you're not hooked on the home
delivery of restaurant cooked food again
and again it's a luxury not everybody
can afford it even even I don't do it
often
under normal conditions but man it's a
good product you know if you don't mind
paying a little extra the you know the
just the the app and deliver either
they're really good it's one of the best
products going anyway so there's that um
so I think you're going to see testing
coming online and you can hear good news
about that probably in a week I'm I hope
I can give you some good news about some
stuff I know about that you don't know
about but there are Patriots who are
trying to get some masks built and some
other necessities and they're working
you know working overtime on that and
it's happening now I want to give you
another piece of optimism i I saw a
tweet from from the head of the FCC and
let me see if I can find that there boom
hold it so uh I hope I can pronounce his
name right Taj eat pie Pai
so chairman of the FCC and saw a tweet
and I thought you know he'd be a good
person to ask about this you know
doctors practicing across state lines so
I thought one of the odds
and one of the odds that the chairman of
the FCC follows me on Twitter yeah I
think it was very high but I check and
sure enough the chairman of the FCC
follows me on Twitter so I followed it
back you know I wasn't even following
him and deemed him and said you know
because I think his tweet was about
telemedicine and I said when do we see
the executive order for something across
state lines now keep in mind this is
just me sitting in my desk in California
and I sent a message to the head of the
FCC in the middle of an emergency
productively I mean this is this is not
kids business it was a productive
suggestion and he gets back to me like
right away I I got a direct message to
you know a central figure in our
government with an important input you
know that we need that exception for
practicing across state lines just you
know reminding they got a lot of
interplay you know they get a hundred
things going but sometimes it helps just
you know move move the important ones up
to the front make sure they're there so
he gets back to me and basically total
agreement and said you know they're
working on it hard and hopefully we'll
get some movement on it now you know
that that's far from the detail that
would make me completely have
because I really would like to know
where this is going and then I then I
just messaged back and I said who needs
their mind change to get a temporary
federal order I can help because I can
help because of you so you know we've
seen that the the public is just part of
this process now we're not spectators
anymore so if I can find out the name of
somebody who's resisting
is there anybody resisting because I
have a hard time believing there's
anybody on the other side of the
question
which is partly why I suggested this it
should be a no-brainer and you know
obviously the states have their
licensing boards and they're a problem
but they're also not relevant because
emergency if the federal government if
you know if if the president says here's
my executive order you can practice
across state lines and the state bar
says no who cares who cares if the if
the federal government says yeah it's
temporary but you can do it and the
state says no I don't know I think there
must be some way that the the feds could
immunize so to speak doctors against any
kind of harm so so so part of why I
wanted to talk about this is that you
know they there's gonna be a lot of
criticism right of who did why did he do
it in time you know was it the right
thing blah blah blah and that's just
natural because we're in the middle of
something that we've never seen before
nobody's ever seen this nobody knew what
to do there was no there was no game
plan we do what we always do you've
heard the famous saying about war you
know everybody's got a strategy until
the first bullet is fired some some
version of that the idea is that you can
have a strategy but as soon as you get
into the battle you gotta improvise
it's the improvising that's the thing
it's not the strategy because the
strategies go on after the first bullet
and I think that was the case here
certainly we could have had exactly the
right strategy from the
the first moment but I'm really
skeptical anybody was as smart you know
not not the greatest experts and
certainly not the people they were
advising our politicians so I don't
think it was reasonable that we would
hit a homerun on the first pitch and I
think at the moment people are doing a
pretty good job of focusing on the ball
you know focusing forward and not not
you know chewing ourselves to death with
that stuff I just let me do this and
then I gotta go excuse me house is full
today with all the people who live here
died by us
so I just wanted to tell you that little
story of incredible government
efficiency that you know an idea can get
to the right person and I've been
watching it all week there is no
friction between a good idea and the
person who needs to hear there's no
friction I've never seen this before I
have a lot of as you know corporate
experience business experience it's very
rare that a good idea can get to the
person who needs to hear it without any
friction that's that's just now nothing
else is happening but that and the
degree to which people are working
together on this is is amazing it's just
amazing you know I tweeted the other day
that you're gonna see some some surges
of human ingenuity that would just be
mind-boggling I'm I'm already right on
the edge of mind boggled but I don't
think you've seen anything yet I feel
like we're on the beginning we rather
we're in the elbow you know that you
know I told you from the start that what
this is going to look like is nothing
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
from our side you know the humans know
fight back no weapons no nothing da da
da da just getting worse just even worse
until it isn't when the weapons are
you know when the atomic bomb is
assembled
look out virus and we're getting close
we're not there we're not there hold on
for another two weeks and I think things
are gonna turn around the president's
messaging is on track the experts are on
track they know exactly what to do
China thank you the President thanked
the people of China and President Xi for
the great work of not only you know
getting it under control over there but
for also being transparent at this point
I think the president's being sincere
about the transparency and telling us
what they did and what worked and what
didn't because that's the thing that
will protect us so do you love it or
hate it that the president is being so
generous to China now he was also
calling it the Chinese virus as recently
as yesterday in my opinion that was a
mistake because it's just it's just the
wrong time to be political it just is
but when he says to China this is also
political but I think in the context of
a pandemic it's the right play in the
context of a pandemic praising the work
of the other countries is just where you
want to be even if you're not sincere
about it that's where you want to be so
get on the right side pull together
unless you're single and then you'll
have to pull by yourself and then I got
a recommendation for some entertainment
I just watched the Ford versus Ferrari
movie that's now available on
pay-per-view and I kind of say for a guy
who says on a regular basis there are no
good movies anymore pretty good movie
pretty good movie you will not be
disappointed by that movie it's really
well done and well done in I would say a
more classic American film way like it
reminded me of older films that I liked
but it was still a modern film it tells
the real story about a you know a racing
team for trying to be Ferrari but that
doesn't give you the the
real flavor of it that's the backdrop
you know Ford tried to be Ferrari but
it's way more interesting that
characters are great the actors are
great plot is great that every part of
it is actually it's a great movie I
can't find one weakness in it so watch
that if you like stuff like that it'll
make you feel good about America and
I'll talk to you later