hey everybody come on in here it's time
for another delightful episode of coffee
with Scott Adams it will be featuring
the simultaneous sip
yes well we will not be skipping that
today I have a very special announcement
as soon as you all get in here but first
for those of you who are fleet of finger
fast enough to get in here people who
are well prepared people who are not
going to work anyway you might as well
listen to me and all you need is that
copper Margaret glass to take her cello
sir Stein a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and drive
you now for the unparalleled pleasure
the dopamine tip of the day the thing
that makes everything better including
the pandemic it's called the cycle
taenia simple go mmm I can feel the
death rates starting to decline already
because that's how fast it works well
the big news of the day is of course I'm
announcing my candidacy for President of
the United States effective today now
there are some caveats the caveats are
important number one I'm not going to
fill out any paperwork so if any of
that's necessary to be on the ballot can
somebody figure that out for me maybe if
there's something I have to sign I could
do that but I'm not really into the
paperwork so I'll been somebody else can
take care of that but here's the deal
I'm not going to be running as a primary
candidate meaning not your first choice
I'm going to be running as a backup
choice so if you liked let's say
president Trump's job performance and
he's running and I'm running you should
vote for him
that would be my first choice state oh
you should vote for him if that's this
if you like it what he's done and you
think he's better than the alternatives
and even if you think I'm better than
him
you should still vote for him all right
so if Trump is in the race and he's
healthy and he's doing a good job or at
least as good as he's done so far
you should definitely vote for him you
should give me no votes but we're in
very unchartered territory and
November's a long ways away people over
70 are not guaranteed to be healthy by
November some percentage of people over
70 in the president's over 70 may have
some health difficulties between now
November plus anything could happen you
know perhaps the president does
something that even these supporters
don't like hasn't happened yet but it
could happen so here's the deal
Democrats are not running a backup
option because it looks like it's gonna
be Joe Biden and he's not really a
backup option forget about the policies
he's just simply not capable of
functioning in that or any other job you
wouldn't hire him to be a barista at
Starbucks would you I don't think you
would I mean quite seriously you
wouldn't so in normal times your
emergency backup president would be just
whoever's running than the other party
but right now we don't have an emergency
backup so I will be your Joe Biden or
emergency backup if you're a Democrat
and you don't want to vote for Trump
well you could vote for me that would
make sense the Biden was not going to
win anyway so you know give it a shot
I promise you that if if I get elected I
will make a plan for covering everybody
with health care but it'll be more of a
capitalist plan to get there may not be
on day one so if you're a Democrat and
you want to improve health care and you
don't really have a candidate because
Joe Biden really isn't one then you
think Trump isn't quite what you need
well I'd probably be a little bit better
on healthcare so far for me but if
you're Republican just vote for Trump
now in the unlikely event that Trump is
I though maybe he retires or he's
unavailable or something happens here
would be the people I would nominate for
my administration just so you know
what's ahead first of all I would need a
good vice president because I would plan
to work from home and I don't do
meetings so might not be the best
president because I'm not gonna go to
meetings I'm not gonna travel and you
know not not too much about paperwork so
I would appoint as my vice president
somebody who could immediately take over
I mean the first day of the job I would
just say hey vice president yeah I
didn't really like this job anyway why
don't you do it and I may or may not
step down which would be optional I just
say you know I'm not really into all
this presidenting stuff frankly I'd
rather do something else so I need a
strong vice president so I think I'll
pick back gates as my vice president he
doesn't have to agree with this we'll
just draft him and the theory is most
most candidates pick a vice president
who's sort of the weaker version of
themselves so you're never confused
about who the best person is from the
top of that ticket you know mike pence
very solid I think he's one of the best
vice presidents just because he doesn't
make mistakes but he's not as exciting
as President Trump right so that's
that's the right way to do it you want
to just a solid vice president but in my
case since I have no qualifications for
the presidency whatsoever
I would reverse that so I would pick a
vice president who could actually do the
job better than I could I figured Matt
Gaetz
has policies which are as far as I know
almost completely compatible with mine
and these are well known Republican so
you might like him so I would draft him
as my vice president and immediately put
him in charge upon my election
I don't think I'd like to do the actual
work of course you know uh here are some
some of the rest of my cabinets and
pointees I would appoint Adam Townsend
as governor of Greenland he might have
to conquer it himself but I know how
hard would that be do they even have
weapons up there Mark Snyder of course
Secretary of Energy carpe Noctem
secretary Amin's obvious secretary
defense I think Mike cirrage like so
much Secretary of Defense under my
administration of course navall Rove
ACOG the secretary of higher awareness
we got Balaji Street of us and maybe FDA
well you can take his pick and of course
you know jack boo Sabich probably wants
to be Secretary of State but if there's
something else you want you can have
that too so that would be a an idea what
my administration will look like all
right one thing about this coronavirus
thing is that it really shows you who is
useful and who is useless
and I saw a headline today that actor
John Cusack is saying we should try
again to impeach President Trump and I'm
thinking to myself well I don't think
you could design a more useless person
if you wrote a movie script and said all
right we're gonna read a movie
we're gonna write a script and the
script is about the most useless person
in the universe what could be the most
useless thing you could do in the middle
of a crisis about impeach the president
John Cusack
if you're writing a movie script on how
to be the most useless useless person in
the universe you're on a good track
all right here's a question for you that
I would not have asked weeks ago so
there's some indication and of course
this is anecdotal some indication that
the hydroxychloroquine if given early to
people who have symptoms or even maybe
before they do could be effective and
there's some thinking again anecdotal
it's not proven then it might be the
most effective
if you give it to them early on in the
symptoms and then they won't progress to
needing a ventilator
so that's unproven but you know
anecdotally that looks to be the case
and so I asked myself is that the way
we're testing it so we know that through
a number of trials going on different
drug trials but are we trialing
hydroxychloroquine for people who are
just getting symptoms or are we only
testing it for people who are already in
bad shape where there's some indication
it could help but not nearly as much now
again if this were a few weeks ago I
would have said well obviously we're
doing both duh you know if you're doing
multiple drug trials you're gonna do the
obvious ones
so one trial where you give it to him
early one trial where they get it later
but you gonna try both of those things
however having seen the massive and
competence from our professionals so far
here I'm talking about the World Health
Organization the CDC our you know the
Surgeon General telling us that masks
are not a good idea when you knew they
were so if we'd not just witnessed
obvious and unambiguous massive lying
and incompetence I would have said well
you can count on the fact that they're
doing the right kind of drug trial right
but as of today I'm not so sure so this
is something I would like a fact check
on ideally the task force would tell us
today is there every trial of the
hydroxychloroquine that does not focus
on people who are already bad off is
there any trial of the people were
taking it early I don't need results yet
although I would think we might even
have some preliminary results but are we
not even testing that because there's
part of me that's a little bit worried
that we're not even fricken testing it
and only because of the massive
incompetence I've seen so far otherwise
I wouldn't even question that
so I'd like an answer on that today oh
and in my tweet I'd said I said
something that is medically probably a
terrible idea which is that maybe people
should be giving the azithromycin and
the hydroxyl chloroquine before they
have symptoms but somebody in the
comments pointed out that if you're
taking an antibiotic the is a thermos
niacin part you might you might just
cause the virus to become resistant so
it probably doesn't make sense to take
an antibiotic until you actually have
symptoms but it might make sense and
again this is a question not a statement
to take the hydroxychloroquine ahead of
any symptoms because that one's not a
antibiotic per se all right so there are
two problems with the pandemic models
that I can see number one I mentioned
last night in periscope if you're
throwing the New York data in with the
rest of the country data and then
averaging it you get an average that
doesn't mean anything because it's like
averaging an apple and an orange you so
really you should look at New York by
itself as if it's the only country and
the rest of the country because the rest
of the country is not nearly as bad off
so if you're projecting what's going to
happen by throwing New York into the mix
it's probably skewing the average in a
way that's that is misleading and I
think that's true I would need some
confirmation but I think that's true but
then some other smart people pointed out
another problem with the model and this
is a pretty big problem which is that
the models say that after the after the
end of the quarter the quarantine or the
social distancing that our number of
deaths will be way down and that's the
good news you know that it would trend
toward zero except the experts say what
happens as soon as you stop doing social
distancing the minute you stop it
doesn't just go right back up in other
words if the social distancing is doing
nothing but delaying the bump you have
exactly the same amount of deaths you
just you just
no no spreading around is a good thing
in and of itself because of hospital
capacity but does it affect the total
number of people who died or is that
just going to be the same because
there's just nothing we can do in the
next 18 months or however long it takes
to get a vaccination that's a pretty
good question and if you don't deal with
that then any of these numbers about
total number of people were gonna die or
just nonsense because it's based on
magic and the magic would be after the
after the social distancing is over and
everybody just goes back to work the
magical assumption is that the pandemic
doesn't just start right back in again
exactly like it was why wouldn't it
there's no reason to no one not a single
reason that it wouldn't but here's the
hope if we slow it down we can first of
all it's a gigantic big deal to slow it
down even if it's the same number of
total deaths because you at least can
you get your Hospital capacity a little
bit more under control
but maybe those other meds are a big
difference to maybe we'll know more from
the drug trials so I would say that it's
a stalling technique to find out which
of the meds work that feels like that's
what that is
and I don't think that's been explained
so I think I'm explaining it to you
better than the experts because you have
to know what's what comes after what
happens when everybody goes back to work
if there's no plan for that there's no
plan all right him so Balaji Srinivasan
has this suggestion which I think it's
pretty good we might be in sort of a
semi-permanent world where we're face
masks are going to be important so even
after this pandemic passes we might have
lots of future needs for face masks for
you know a few weeks every year or
something like that and so Balaji says
well why don't we make them cool you
know why don't you build some stuff into
him I got a high-tech face mask maybe
it's got your phone in there wouldn't
you like to have a face mask I've always
thought this would be a good idea like a
high-tech face mask not
not a cloth one but something more
substantial where you could put some
electronics in it whatever could you
make one in which you could talk but
only the the person on the phone and
you've got a phone
you know microphones in there but only
the person on the phone could hear you
so in other words could he be wearing a
mask having a regular conversation with
somebody on the phone through your mask
but people in the room can just your
remember you know a little murmur maybe
it doesn't bother him so much yeah and
maybe you could put some heads-up
display
you know some not virtual enhanced
reality stuff so make it cool
maybe all right let us compare what
experts told you and when to what a
cartoonist told you and when okay every
day when that is good to say well how
did the experts do compared to the non
experts and that doesn't mean that the
very next time you should only listen to
the experts or only listen to the not
experts really this is just one data
point but every now and then you should
stop and say all right how did the
experts do just sort of keep a running
tally so you know when to be skeptical
or what not to let me give you some
examples who was the first expert who
said we should close the airports the
flights from China was it the violinist
or was it me it was me it was me so I
was way before the experts saying we
should close flights from China right I
mean you could check that January 24th
but was there anybody before me who was
an expert I'm not aware of any I'm aware
of a jackdaw Sabich said it before me
that we should close the borders and
he's not a biologist so just on that one
scale of should we close the airports I
would say the experts were following the
non experts and you can verify that I
mean there might be some expert who's
saying it before me but check that
how about the question of whether masks
were useful or not useful in the
pandemic who said first that masks are
probably useful because duh was that the
experts the CDC the World Health
Organization your Surgeon General and
your task force was it them or was it me
the answer is me way before the experts
admitted it I told you Basques clearly
obviously duh make some difference and
now the experts pretty much are all
agree all right so I was before the
experts on closing the airports before
the experts on the efficacy of masks
where did you first hear in public that
hydroxychloroquine the malaria drug
might be useful if taken early now I'm
not the person who invented that idea of
course that did come from the experts
but where did you hear it first probably
from me right no some of you might have
heard it from somewhere else but
probably most of you heard it from me
now again that doesn't make me right or
wrong we still have to test it and who
knows if it'll work or not but it's very
important part of the conversation
everybody agrees with that and you
probably heard it first for me at least
the people watching this periscope
what about convalescent blood therapy
where was the first place you heard of
that as something they could work well
it's an old technique so there are
people who were aware of it and and
certainly you know in small groups and
maybe in small ways we're talking about
it but I'll bet you heard it first for
me now I didn't make it up I heard it
from from Ian whose last name I can
never pronounce you know you re and
you're probably watching but that
probably you probably heard that from
non-experts before you heard that from
experts alright here's another one
experts are telling me that it might be
dangerous to give people these malaria
pills the hydroxyl color queen before
they have symptoms
and the reasoning is that under certain
conditions if you have heart issues I
guess it may be something else that the
pills could kill you all right so that's
what the experts are saying in fact even
this morning a medical expert told me
this said you don't want to give these
just everybody willy nilly because the
pills themselves could kill people and
we know that if sir they have certain
conditions to which I say to the experts
was that a problem when you prescribe
here for lupus what you do every day is
that a problem when you prescribe it for
rheumatoid arthritis which you do every
day is that a problem when you prescribe
it for malaria before people even have
malaria every day so experts why are you
telling me that this is a problem when
it's something that's been done for four
decades for other conditions and of
course you have exactly the same warning
it doesn't matter if you're getting it
for lupus or malaria or rheumatoid
arthritis it's gonna come from a doctor
and the doctor is gonna say do you have
one of these conditions if you say yes
maybe you don't get it if you say no
maybe you get it it's no different than
all the other uses so who would you
listen to the doctors and the experts
who say I don't know this pill could be
dangerous or the non expert who is
telling you yeah it could be dangerous
we know that it's no different than
every other use who are you gonna
believe me or the doctors I would go
with me honestly I would all right
here's another one how much DNA testing
is being done of the people who have the
worst outcomes versus the ones who do
not is anybody doing that which expert
is telling you yeah we better to start
testing DNA and get ahead of this and
find out if there's anything about some
people that makes them more susceptible
I'm not aware of any are you do you
think a month from now that nobody will
be testing DNA to do exactly what I just
said find out who's most susceptible
I guarantee it in a month your experts
will be saying hey I got an idea why
don't we test for DNA now again this
isn't like my original idea I got this
from people who are smarter and work in
this field but you probably heard it
from me right so here's my point even
though I'm not you know I'm not the
original creator of anything any of the
stuff I told you except you know the
mask stuff was obvious I'm not the
creator of it so I'm not the original
expert for it but where are you hearing
it from if your experts have a lot of
knowledge but they're not telling you
that knowledge or that you're telling
you the opposite of that knowledge it
doesn't really help you that they have
that knowledge you also need to be
communicating it accurately so I would
say if you're looking at this whole
situation and you were being even a
little bit objective and you said who
gave you better information about this
medical situation it would be me I'm not
even a little bit unconfident about that
opinion right I think you'd agree all
right I am let's see what else we got
going on here I've come up with an idea
that's it's a little half-baked and
maybe somebody can help me with this you
know that my startup created its own
crypto token lots of people did this in
the past but once you create a crypto
token it just sort of lives forever
you know you don't have to close it or
do anything you create the token and it
just lives in the internet forever and I
don't think he can ever change I suppose
anything could happen
so the when is a token that exists on
the Internet and will live forever no
matter what you do but like most crypto
currencies you know its value starts out
optimistically and then it you know
drops until it becomes vanishingly small
I don't even know what it is at the
moment but here's my idea you know most
the reason that dollar bills are
valuable is that the government backs
them you know the The Full Faith and
guarantee of the government is what
makes your US dollar worth
thing because you know that if
everything else went wrong at least the
government would take it when you pay
your taxes so there's always a market
for a dollar if only the government
collecting taxes but with cryptocurrency
if you can't guarantee that someone will
ever want one then it's the value just
to zero so here's my idea I'm going to
peg the value of the when to one roll of
toilet paper so that one roll of toilet
paper will become the the backing now
here's the part I haven't quite figured
out have to be able to figure out some
way that you could legitimately trade
some when and actually get a roll of
toilet paper and actually you actually
get a roll of toilet paper
somebody says worst periscope ever well
you will have to ever listen to another
one good for you so if anybody can
figure out how to do that like maybe it
would require an actual warehouse full
of toilet paper and so here's the other
part of the deal you could distribute
the wet which at the moment is worth
nothing virtually nothing and to poor
people and then all the poor people
would say oh I've got these
cryptocurrencies but it's not worth
anything and then a big toilet paper
company could say we're gonna peg the
when to you know a roll of toilet paper
it will actually mail it to you so if
you you know send us some of the when
we'll send you some rolls of toilet
paper the moment there was an exchange
so that you knew that a when could be
exchanged for actual real toilet paper
the winner would have would have value
and the moment it has value all the poor
people who got some would suddenly have
money because they wouldn't have to use
it for toilet paper they could trade it
to someone else who didn't need toilet
paper now this is a half-baked idea I'm
pretty sure there's something wrong with
this and how practical is it you need
some big toilet maker with a toilet
paper maker with a warehouse to sort of
back it but I think it would make a
whole bunch of poor people
or at least give them enough to buy food
you just distribute them a bunch of when
because we got lots of them they're not
doing anything and just turn it into
money by by backing it with toilet paper
so somebody tell me why that's a bad
idea all right
I put a survey up on the Internet in
which I asked the following provocative
question do you think China will kill
more people with which of the following
methods will they kill more people with
fentanyl because of course they allow
their dealers to send it to the cartels
who turn it into fentanyl pills and it
kills Americans including my stepson so
that's that could be 40 to 70 thousand
Americans per year so will they kill
more people with fentanyl and keep in
mind this is all intentional because the
government of China could stop that
anytime they want they know they
actually know who the fentanyl dealers
are given 60 minutes interviewed one of
the top ones the top one so if 60
minutes can find you in China I'm pretty
sure the government knows who you are
too
so that's one number the coronavirus
well we don't know yet you know could be
200,000 dead could be 2 million that
could get up there pretty fast
how about climate change if China is the
biggest contributor to climate change
what would the green New Deal people say
in terms of the number of people who
will die because of China specifically
now of course it takes everybody
polluting to get the resilient you got
but if one of them is the biggest
polluter you could probably say well a
quarter of the deaths are attributed to
China or something like that right so
how many would that be how many people
do we think will die from climate change
over the next 100 years and would let's
say 25 percent of those deaths be
attributed to China
that's the question how about the organ
transplants so as you know it's alleged
with high credibility that they use
prisoners probably political prisoners
and they they kill them on demand to
sell their organs
to people who are buying their organs
from both from China from other
countries now because of the corona
virus a lot of people are gonna have
their lungs destroyed there's already
information that China may be executing
prisoners just to take their lumps and
hearts and translate them into people
who would be willing to pay for it
because I can't apparently people will
pay a lot for an organ so how many how
many we Gersh and flown goon followed
Fallone flown gong whatever that is
how many dissidents and political
prisoners will be used for parts will
that kill more of them than fentanyl or
a corona virus or climate change I don't
know so that's the question now a
suggestion that I've heard a few times
is that for every American death caused
by China we should check out of the
country and the Chinese citizens that
are for example going to our
universities apparently that's a big
deal for Chinese elites to send their
kids to American universities the Ivy
League's so that would hurt quite a bit
because the elite really have a pretty
big incentive to send their kids to
American high end at colleges so you can
just say it's nothing personal it's just
nothing personal we're just gonna go in
alphabetical order and we're just gonna
send one student home for every death
and we could just do it weekly batch him
up and say okay well it was a thousand
fentanyl deaths and we think you know
400 people died from corona virus so
we'll send back 1400 Chinese citizens
who are using this country for variety
things it could be rich people who just
have houses here you know we could send
them back and confiscate their houses we
could take their stock so if they owned
any any assets of the United States we
could just say alright well no it's
nothing personal we're just doing this
enough
Medical order and literally just start
with a they just start sending them back
in alphabetical order and the thinking
here would be if your letter if your a
letter F you know if you if your last
name in China starts with an F and
you're watching the A's go home and then
the B's go home then the C's go home
well the elites who are a letter F and
Beyond are gonna say holy cow they're
not kidding about this my kid is gonna
be sent home from Stanford MIT Harvard
wherever and that's it they're not gonna
have a Harvard education he's just come
come home so would they start saying
maybe we should not be sending fentanyl
to the United States with the elites
saying look this is now bad for me it
was okay when it was only bad for dead
Americans I didn't care you said the
Chinese elite but now it's affecting me
so maybe we should rethink it because I
want my kid to go to about Ivy League
school so I think if we were to do this
we should do it by formula and it would
be cold and effective to just do it in
alphabetical order because alphabetical
order is such a strong message that it's
not personal
because it isn't has nothing to do with
the individuals who are getting kicked
down there's nothing to do with that
it's just it's just numbers and if you
want to keep killing US China well we'll
just send one home we're not even
killing yours I mean it's I would say
that would be a mild response when you
for every person they kill all we're
gonna do is send somebody home that's a
pretty mild response I don't even think
that that's extreme so we could be doing
that my CTO from my startup dick Kalyani
is he was trying to figure out a way to
to help things with the coronavirus and
so he's using his technical technical
expertise to put together a virtual
online summit for blockchain development
ideally for you know at least the
primary purpose right now is for any
apps
that might use the blockchain they would
have some immediate health care and/or
coronavirus solution so it's a it's a
general platform for people who want to
learn a little bit more about blockchain
development for the purpose of
developing some kind of a useful app now
it doesn't have to be for that purpose
you could just go there for general
information but I tweeted it in my list
of online online sources so it's a pin
tweet that has all the different links
to different things I'll talk about
those in a minute
but one of them is the block co-ed
online summit so if you if you can't
find the link just google google block
co vid online summit and or you could go
to at block ovid and you'll see the
links and stuff alright so I I tweeted
and it's I said it's pinned to my
account I asked for people to put in
links to various apps and websites and
stuff that would be useful for the
crisis so some of the ones I know about
just to just to tell you what's going on
so besides the one I just mentioned
there's the project n95 comm where
buyers and sellers of this PPE can find
each other so that's a good one
there's a one I put on there and again
you can find the actual links on my
pinned tweet
there's link to some people where you
can take your temperature every day just
on your own and then you enter into the
into the app of the website your
temperature and the idea is that as
anybody gets elevated temperatures you
might be able to identify hot zones so
you know if you found that let's say the
people in my zip code suddenly started
to you know inch up in temperature maybe
you got a problem there so those are
just some of the many ideas and a lot of
people have submitted links for that so
go take go take a look at that alright
by the way if you're wondering why you
would use blockchain as
to other technologies for any kind of
apps some of the advantages are that
it's a distributed system so you don't
need to build a database the other data
just lives distributed in the Internet
some of it is privacy something that is
it's easier to do things across borders
so you don't have to worry about the the
banking regulations etc if you're just
moving you know blockchain and tokens
and stuff the governments are too
involved in that so those are some of
the benefits I'm no expert all right
here is the question which is so missing
which is this here's a question for the
reporters today for the task force you
ready I'm pretty sure that there are
some reporters who watch these
periscopes and here's what I'd suggest
as a question for the next press
conference mr. president and mr. vice
president are you already taking
hydroxychloroquine are the members of
the task force who by the nature of
their job do have to sort of need in
rooms and they can do their social
distancing but I'm pretty sure the
president is not saying six feet away
from people I just don't know if it's
even practical for him to do his job so
the question I would ask is are they
already on hydroxychloroquine and why
not why not right if you don't see that
question yesterday I will be amazed
because as soon as you hear the question
you say to yourself oh yeah you got to
ask that question you know because it's
a yes or no and we'd like to know etc
here's the related question are we aware
of anyone in the United States who is a
medical professional who is taking the
hydroxychloroquine in advance of an
infection in other words just in case
who also went on to have to be on the
ventilator even one is there any even
one person who fits that description now
this is not a scientific study obviously
but I am assuming that by now we have
many thousands of healthcare workers who
probably anecdotally we're hearing
reports of this probably are taking it
prophylactically in other words in
advance of having a problem so if we
have thousands of health care workers
and we know that some number of them
unfortunately are going to get infected
no doubt about it because they're just
they're just too close to it all the
time so of the people who got the
infection who were also taking the drug
before they got the infection do we have
even one case where it progressed to
needing a ventilator because enough time
is going by right where if that number
is zero it's still not a it's not a
scientific test you can't take it to the
bank but I'd feel a lot better
wouldn't you I'd feel a lot better if I
knew that that number was zero
and if it turns out it's 1 or 2 or
whatever then I'd start asking you know
where their underlying under any
underlying issues so those are the main
things happening today I was somebody
there says they're taking a low dose you
know I don't know if that's a good idea
because then that's how you get into the
hoarding too - yeah as has Chris Cuomo
said yet if he's what what meds if any
he's taking that would be a that'd be a
good case by the way my hats off to
Chris Cuomo I hope that he continues
working even as he has symptoms and I
realized that you know that would be
people are gonna say that's kind of
showboating you know if he's coughing
and trying to get through his interviews
and stuff but on the other hand it's
real you know it's not showboating if
it's real and if it's real and he's
willing to keep working I would be very
interested in watching that programming
I've told you before that watching Chris
Cuomo interview his brother the governor
of you
ork is some of the best there's just
some of the best TV around I mean it's
just fascinating to watch that so I'd
like to keep see them so best of luck to
Chris Cuomo for a speedy recovery but I
hope that you stick with us and let us
let us see the whole process and I hope
it turns out well alright that's about
all I got here not a fan of Scott but
would vote for Scott just on the weed
thing yeah that's what I promise I'll
get the federal government ahead of the
weed business states will still get to
make some decisions but I would get the
federal government down and by the way
I'm pretty sure that Matt Gaetz would do
the same so if you wanted to know what
my policies would look like I haven't I
haven't matched them but I've kind of
feeling that Matt Gaetz oh that would be
really really close a lot of stuff from
you know how do you address the green
new deal to health care to weed I think
a lot of them are going to be really
close I haven't checked but I think so
yeah I've heard of people who I know one
person who hasn't got it in a test
result it's been almost two weeks so
this is somebody who actually you know
waited waited and got the test had the
rice symptoms to get the test and two
weeks are going by without a result two
weeks now I don't Scott running out of
gas are you talking about me or or the
world somebody says the antibiotics
helped with a secondary infection yeah
so the reason that people take the
malaria drug plus the user through
Meissen is if they do get the the virus
the azithromycin helps with the
infection part whereas the malaria drug
sort of prevents it from from your body
from going nuts and then the zinc has
some some benefit too
let's see what about screws ships
oh let me talk about an idea I'm not
sure if I totally understand this but
somebody on the internet was suggesting
that if we don't have a better plan that
that there's sort of an emergency
back-up plan so we hope we'll have a
better plan that would have you know
therapeutics and vaccines
sooner than we think and you know stuff
like that but maybe maybe not so the
other plan is to put people in let's say
put them in a hotel or put them in a
cruise ship or put them in someplace
that they're only together and they
don't leave with the idea of
intentionally infecting them so the idea
would be to put groups clusters of
people who volunteered to say living in
an apartment or a hotel or some some
identified space with the with the
express intention of infecting them but
to also infect them lightly so that they
don't get the the full dose which
apparently makes a big difference if
you're just marinating in the virus it
will take over your immune system pretty
quickly and you're in bad shape if you
get a little trace of the virus and your
your immune system gets a little bit of
warning before the virus gets too big
then then it's a fair fight so there
seems to be a big difference whether you
get it early or whether you get a little
bit of dose or a big dose even though
both of them can infect you so the idea
would be to give people intentional
small doses treating them early I assume
that this part I might be adding to the
idea but let's say you give them the
hydroxychloroquine if that works and it
works when you get it early so you would
build a group of people who all have
immunity and then once they've all
tested positive but they don't have you
know it doesn't look like they have they
would spread it then you just release
them into the wild and you've created a
whole bunch of immune people and then
you just do it again with another batch
now would that work or would that just
spread the disease everywhere
I don't know you know it definitely
falls into the category of if you don't
have a better idea maybe you try it so
it doesn't sound like the safest thing
in the world for a variety reasons but
what we're doing now might not be the
safest thing in the world either let's
see just looking at your comments some
of them I don't want to read out loud
because a lot of you have medical
opinions and I'm not sure I want to
randomly spout the medical opinions I'm
seeing in the comments even if they're
right somebody says this is the concept
of a vaccine well not exactly because
the vaccine would be a non non deadly
version you can't be a little bit
pregnant actually you can yeah with the
virus apparently you can be a little bit
pregnant meaning that you could have a
low initial viral load versus Island oh
no on the same point there was a story
it was the vent of Washington state
where there was a choir who decided to
hold their choir practice despite the
fact that the corona virus was becoming
a bigger thing but the state had not yet
told people not to meet in groups so I
was right at the end of when you could
still meet it in a group and they did
and the problem was they had to require
practice of course all in the same room
and I think there was something like 45
of them who ended up with the virus and
the thinking which sounds logical to me
is not just that they were in the same
room and not just that they did not do
social isolation they you know they were
close to each other but there was some
thinking that some thinking that the
singing itself might have been
contributing meaning that if you sing
you're exhaling more aggressively and
you're all standing together exhaling
aggressively because you're singing so
that might have been the very worst
situation you could possibly imagine
we're a bunch of people with no face
masks are exhaling air in the same splay
at space for a couple hours I mean it
probably couldn't have been worse
and sure enough the the results that
show it all right yeah there's a navy
carrier with with a bunch of infected
people on it so we'll probably learn
something from that as bad as that is I
just saw a mess and saw an article that
DMD s can leave you with stronger
resistance I don't know what a DMD is
how are you certain that the virus is
not in the surface of cans of food
restocked why some it is I assume it is
so everything has to be seen as as
statistics and following the odds the
odds of getting the virus if you're in a
chorus that meets in one room and all
sings really loudly in exhales seems to
be very high so don't do that the the
odds of getting there from intense
personal interaction with somebody has
it very high so don't do that
but the odds of getting it because you
took a walk in the park it's possible
right I guess because they say it can
float around in the air and who knows
you stop and pet a dog and it's on the
dog so could you get it from a walk in
the park by yourself
the answer is I guess you know maybe but
the odds of getting it that way are so
low that that would not be really
contributing much to the viral spread in
other words it's the only way anybody
ever got it was taking a walk in the
park
it would not reproduce fast enough to be
viral so that's not the kind of risk
that I wouldn't avoid because taking
walks good for you too likewise your
question was how can you be sure it's
not on the the cans of food or the food
itself and the answer is it probably is
somewhere in some grocery store
I'm sure it's on something I mean the
odds of that seem like a hundred percent
somewhere in the whole supply chain but
what are the odds that you're gonna get
it that way so let's say you you know
your bag your groceries is delivered to
you and you you know you open it up and
you take things out you put them away
but you make sure you don't touch your
face maybe you're wearing a mask when
you do it and you immediately thoroughly
wash your hands after you've touched
everything do you then need to go back
and swab everything down you know like
all your cans and wash with soap your
your vegetables and stuff like that well
it would probably help but I'm not going
to do it because the way I'm gonna play
the odds is you know if something has a
90 percent chance of giving it to me
like attending a choir practice I'm not
going to do that if something has a
maybe a 1 percent chance of giving it to
me I'll probably still do that and if
everybody acted that way and they
avoided the 90% chance of getting it but
they did do the things that would give
you a 1% chance of doing it we'd still
be ok because it would bring the the
rate of reproduction down below giving
it you know one person make you more
than one person sick so you can't reduce
your risk to zero from your groceries
you can do the obvious stuff watch your
hands throw away the bag throw away the
bags from watch your hands but I don't
know that the risk is so big then I
would worry about that too much
now Here I am NOT giving you my personal
medical opinion
I am imitating a doctor who's working on
the front lines who said in his
experience she's now dealt with I don't
know how many hundreds of patients that
they all know where they got it
basically not all of them not a hundred
percent but mostly they know where they
got it and they got it from a person and
they got it from a person that they
interacted with what he's not seeing is
people coming in and saying I have no
idea where I got it because I've been
socially isolating and just taking walks
so he's now seeing that and those people
of course are handling you know
groceries because they have to eat so if
it's happening it's it's not happening a
lot
I think we're safely we can say that
yeah even the garbage man and you know
all that but my guess is that all the
outdoor stuff is just not going to be
your big problem
I wouldn't use a water fountain but
that's about it yeah somebody has 90
year olds in the house so you wipe it
all down yeah you know if you got people
who are at special risk then maybe you
want to take it to another level if if
only to make you feel better I mean if
it makes you feel better it's worth it
if you have the time yeah all right
don't want to give up my reusable bags
and here are you cutting your own air
now well that's a good question because
you know what I thought this was just
gonna be a few weeks I thought well you
know there's a whole bunch of stuff you
can put off for a few weeks but a
haircut is not something you put off for
two months if you're me anyway so I'm
gonna have to cut my own hair it looks
like that's coming up I don't see
anybody in person that's not gonna make
that much of a difference stock market
predictions yeah the stock market will
be spotty and choppy and we'll just stay
spotty and choppy for a long time so
you're gonna have you know days when
it's up five percent days when it's down
five percent you're gonna have some
stocks doing well well something to do
do poorly but in the long run the a
broad basket of stocks of the United
States is probably gonna be among your
safest investments I don't give
financial advice and so you should not
consider that financial advice but if
you're warren buffett and somebody said
what should i do i think he tell you the
same thing which is i think you tell you
there are no guarantees but if you
wanted to look historically and even
based on current situation what country
is the safe
place to park your money probably the
United States and if you get a park it
in the United States what's the safest
asset class to put it in probably a
broad-based the basket of you know the
bigger stocks in the United States
probably so that's all I got for now and
I will talk to you later tonight you
don't a time 10 10:00 p.m. Eastern 7:00
p.m. Pacific and I will I will see you
then I hope so
stay safe everything's under control