[Music]
[Music]
got a weird lighting effect I wonder
where that's coming
from see is
that
that no we'll get this right
that's
better remind me when I'm done with the
Regular Show to do some adult fun I've
got a joke I can't tell here in public
but I'm going to tell the private
subscriber after we're done remind me
it's really
funny all
right well welcome to coffee with Scott
Adams the best place in the world if
you'd like to take this experience this
Saturday experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
smooth tiny human brains all you need
for that is a CER micro glass a tanker
chal Stein aen Jugger flask a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure dopamine the end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous siping happens now
go oh so
good so so good well as some of you
already know
apparently it's my birthday 67 years
young
today and
uh let me tell you when give you some
perspective for my of my age is really
different than I thought it would
be yeah I I don't know what I expected
about being this age but it's not
anything like I imagined it to be it's
way better you know it's has its
challenges of course but it's way better
than you think it would be so if you're
uh 25 and you're saying oh no it's going
to be so terrible when I'm in my 60s
maybe I mean can't guarantee anything
but there are plenty of people in my age
who are happier than they've ever been
which defies all observation and common
sense but there it is it's
true well I don't I'm not the only
person with a birthday today um I share
the birthday with uh Kanye
yay and also uh Ashley
Biden I think well I think so anyway um
let me tell you a little story about
yesterday that's going to make you
happy or
potentially so I've got a reframe where
I start to understand my moods as being
simply dopamine shortages now it might
be some other chemical but I just use
dopamine as the catch all so yesterday I
had a really long day started to work at
I know 3:30 in the morning something
like that not too unusual for me and I
was really just hitting it all day long
and I didn't do any
exercise I went to ride my ebike that
you know planned my whole b day around
it and just when I was ready to go I had
the tires filled I accidentally ripped
the stem out of the tire and well that
was the end of my exercise plans
so I found myself suddenly in this deep
deep
funk you know some would call it a
depression some would say Sad some would
say no no energy but I've started to
Define it simply as being low on
dopamine and when you do that it tells
you how to fix it so I'm sitting there
and I'm thinking oh God you know I just
want to like fall off a cliff somewhat
instantly you know because the rest of
my day was great but just when the
dopamine hit that level where it's just
too low you just can't be happy so
thanks to a lifetime of habit
building um I was I was I managed to
engineer my way out and I did it a
little bit at a time first is how do you
even get out of your chair so for that I
use the pinky trick if you can move your
pinky you can probably move your hand if
you can move your hand your arm will
move and then you can stand up so you
just get yourself going by moving the
smallest muscle and let that let that uh
build so that's how you get up now
that's just a trick now luckily I had
enough mental you know mental
wherewithal that I knew that I could use
the trick so now I'm up so the first
thing I know is that motion creates
dopamine so I've got to walk I got to at
least walk around do a chore or
something like that so I decided I'll
walk around and look for my dog and I'll
I'll give her some love because you know
I can get a little dopamine from that so
now I'm up I'm moving that's dopamine
playing with the dog that's dopamine and
then you know just getting more active
and doing a bunch of things and eating
some food that wasn't bad for me and uh
next thing you know all good so it was
it was as simple as identifying that I
was low on a chemical then saying what
causes that chemical to go up oh I could
go
Outdoors so I went
outdoors and it was exactly the way it
was supposed go to work if you do these
things your dopamine goes up and then
your
mind um fix fixes itself it was it was
exactly the way it was supposed to work
so I recommend that move your pinky to
get up do some moving grab a dog go
outside eat something that's
healthy you might know that my book
God's debris is now out and uh this is
if if you if you've heard the name God's
debris before because it's a classic
that I wrote a few decades ago back when
it was this little book it now includes
the little book plus the bigger book
well not the bigger book but the sequel
plus a new uh short story that completes
the arc now I don't want to
brag that's that's a lie I love to brag
I just like to make it look like I
couldn't help it so you know how if you
win a Nobel Prize you might maybe you
just had one good year and you win the
Nobel Prize you're always a Nobel Prize
winner if you win an Academy Award even
if it's just one movie in one role well
you're always an Academy Award winner am
I right that's just the way it
works well it works that way with books
too if you're ever a number one um
bestseller you're always a bestselling
author that can never take it away from
you and with God's debris it's in many
different categories because it spreads
across philosophy and science fiction
and uh metaphysics and religion and it's
like five six different categories and I
was checking out how it was doing it's
it's number one in all of its relevant
categories
already but one of the categories was
the same category the Amazon uh puts the
Holy
Bible so for just a a little
while my book was number one on one of
the Amazon lists that included the Bible
which was running at number
eight so I mean I don't want to get
ahead of myself but as a factual
matter I'm just going to State it as
factual I I don't want to add any
hyperbole to it but for a short period
of
time I sold more books than
God now I'm not saying not overall not
overall overall God beats me like hands
down it's like a billion to one right
but just for a
moment just that little slice of
time sold more good sold more books than
God
so I just want to put that out there you
can never take that away from me just
like anything else all right the's a oh
by the way if you try to order the book
The hard cover it's going to tell you
that it's not available to December but
that's a glitch it is available uh we'll
fix the glitch um you could wait for
that but I think you'd be fine ordering
it anyway because the glitch will get
fixed and you'll get it faster than
December should only take a week or
something like
that anyway the CEO of Zoom wants to
create AI digital clones that can go to
meetings for you so you'll have a
digital clone and you just do a zoom
call and you don't even have to be there
your your clone will do it
now is in my imagination or as reality
finally caught up to dilber Comics
because I'm pretty sure I've done this
dilber comic a few
times in various forms Wall-E has
figured out how to use Ai and and remote
work to not work so uh yes uh in
Dilbert's World they will be creating a
zoom AI before the actual Zoom company
does probably as early as this coming
week well meanwhile the American College
of
Pediatricians just put out a statement
saying that they're calling on all the
major medical associations and they name
them each by name uh to stop doing the
gender transition stuff and they said
immediately stop the promotion of social
affirmation puberty blockers cross sex
hormones and surgeries for children blah
blah blah and the reasoning is that the
science is coming in and the science
seems to suggest fairly unambiguously
that the the childhood
transitions um are more bad than
good now here's what I'd like to suggest
I I wonder if you've noticed a
trend have you noticed a
trend where the idiots on the xplatform
are 3 years ahead of the highest most
qualified scientists and healthc Care
Professionals in the
world that's not my imagination
right because correct me if I'm wrong
every idiot on social media knew this
was a bad idea and knew it was bad for
kids and it took science how many years
how many years did it take science to
figure out this was a bad idea maybe you
should cut it
out and it's not like that's the only
example
where the people on X as sort of an
average got the right answer years
before the experts you want to hear
another one nuclear
power nuclear energy is now acceptable
basically to everybody and uh the
Greenies are loving it they're lapping
it up that took X probably five years of
people who just sort of looked into it
on their own you know plus listening to
people who are smarter than us you know
uh and and we got it right so X was
maybe three to five years ahead of you
know the people were supposed to be
smart on this
topic how about uh the
pandemic now we know what science did
versus what the people in X just sort of
guessed was
true the people were just guessing
collectively now I'm I'm using that for
hyperbole they were doing their own
research as well but uh the average
person on X got the right answers about
the pandemic way before the experts why
because science isn't science anymore
it's just followed the money if you ever
thought science was real maybe it was
you know back when Newton was doing it
Galileo that was probably pretty real
but now it's just whatever your boss
wants to fund you know whatever you can
get a grant for so at the moment to sign
is completely broken but the collective
wisdom of social media on X at least is
picking up the
slack so so the uh the rabble you know
the unwashed masses were right about uh
trans kids transitioning kids too early
um nuclear power right about the
pandemic um I wonder if they'll be right
about anything else how about our food
supply do do you think the experts have
come out and said whoa whoa whoa stop
eating all this uh wheat and stop eating
these processed foods well we do hear
experts saying that but you know what
our experts haven't said stop eating
this it's
poison but on the internet we say that
right where where is your nutritionist
who who says no don't ever eat ice cream
no one Diet Coke a week is not good for
you zero is the right number right no I
I would say that even though there's a
there's more of a ven you know crossover
in this case I would say the public is
way ahead of the science on nutrition
and probably has been for a long
time probably has
been um they we've there's also a study
that says that uh the fewer calories you
eat the longer you live so that just
came out to which everybody on the
Internet is had um you've been telling
us that for what 20 or 30 years that's
one of the oldest most well-known
scientific facts that if you starve mice
as long as they're not starve to death
they live longer we all knew that you
know how else I knew it without any
science I've never seen a fat
80-year-old and we're done how much
science do you need if you've never seen
a fat 80-year-old do you have to
really wonder if the weight is going to
kill you obviously you've never even
seen a fat 80-year-old which brings me
to Dick Van djk who just got a Emmy at
the age of 98 which is awesome how fat
is 98-year-old Dick Van djk not at all
he has zero fat on him and he's 98 is it
a coincidence
nope because if he were 300 lb he
wouldn't be with us winning any emies at
age 98
so if the public has been a head of
science on all those things which I
think you'd agree with me what about the
Public's view on climate
change now when I say the public I mean
sort of the the people on X that I
interact with they've been saying
climate change is sketchy for a long
time do you think they're right of
course they are of course they are I
don't know if the warm planet's getting
warmer that's you know a separate
question from whether the science is BS
the science is definitely BS but maybe
the maybe at the same time
coincidentally the Earth is getting
warmer but the the B the climate models
are absurd how long will it take before
science tells you you know we can't
really do anything with this number of
variables you can't you can't really
figure out what's happening in the
future nobody can tell the future yeah
it'll take a few years but they'll get
there and about election denial
so the experts are telling us that the
election had to be clean because every
time somebody took something the court
they were rejected for uh cause for you
know usually standing or something like
that so the people are the smart people
are telling us that you can know
something doesn't exist via the process
of not looking for it now that sounds
ridiculous but it's something that no
regular person thinks is true only the
experts say it
all the people on TV the ones who are
telling us what's true yeah we we know
there's there's no rigging because we
didn't look for
it now I'm exaggerating a little bit but
not a lot that's basically what's
happening so I think the Public's going
to be ahead on Election Security on
climate change and already ahead on all
those other
things
and right now this is aming
just try to wrap your head around this
next story in the context of what I just
told you this is a new story I swear to
God this is
today us doctors are uh coordinating to
look into if the unusual spike in cancer
after the P pandemic is caused by the
vaccinations to which you say wait a
minute
what are you only just now thinking that
the excess deaths need to be looked into
into in the context of the
vaccinations that's something that the
general public has been screaming about
for the whole
time and the doctors are just like you
know what I've got an idea why do we
look into whether the vaccinations are
causing any of this excess
deaths what is wrong with the world that
the the experts are just consistently
way behind the
public
and so they're banding together to
research that
okay here's what I'd like to
know I I have an alternative hypothesis
I do think the vaccinations causing
excess deaths hypothesis is a strong
hypothesis I I would consider it not
proven largely because I don't believe
any data that I ever see about the
pandemic
um but I wouldn't be surprised I mean
it's well within the top three
possibilities of what's going on right
one possibility is that the data is
wrong you know maybe there's something
about how we counted things before the
pandemic that changed I don't know um
maybe but let me let me offer another um
another possibility that I haven't seen
anybody else
mention I think that when the food
supply was at risk and it looked like
the food supply was going to collapse I
think
either Farmers got more
creative or the government made them be
more creative in doing whatever they
could to boost production because it
looked like we'd have a problem one of
those things that boosts production is
using a weed killer so you kill the
wheat so it I guess that dries it out
faster so you can Harvest it faster so
instead of just letting the wheat you
know grow its normal way and then
getting it when it's ready they ort of
kill it with weed killer so it's ready
earlier now some say that that weed
killer is the reason that you can't eat
wheat in the United States without
inflammation and other problems but if
you went to Europe where they don't do
that you won't have that problem now
knowing what I know about just the way
systems and governments and businesses
work don't you think there was
pressure from the government on farmers
at least the big farmers to make sure
that they did everything they could do
and maybe even bend some Bend some rules
maybe they maybe they got permission to
use more of that maybe they went a
little hard on it because they could
maybe so I would look into the any
change in the food supply that happened
at the same time as the pandemic because
we know our food is killing us so if
something changed because of the supply
uncertainty which would be a normal
thing to expect Supply uncertainty
should cause you to loosen up your
restrictions to make sure you have
Supply because that would seem like a
bigger priority than you maybe there's
some problem with the
supp just a
hypothesis well I've said provocatively
that all the smart people who don't have
TDS now support Trump I'll give you some
examples you got your David Sachs your
chamoth pet beia your Elon mus your
Russell Brand what do they all have in
common used to be Democrats what else do
they have in common they're the Smart
Ones they're the ones who are not drawn
entirely by picking aside they're the
ones who can look at a startup and say
this is a good investment or not they're
the The Logical ones and I was thinking
to myself okay I keep hearing all these
examples you know Bill Amman the one of
one of the Blackstone people some other
couple other VCS have recently come on
board and those are just the ones they
metion
I mean when saxs did his big uh
fundraiser in San Francisco of all
places for Trump he had a huge turn out
sold out and the people there were there
to donate to Trump and he would be he
would have been picking from the richest
smartest people in Silicon Valley
now you're going to say to me but Scott
it works both ways it's not just people
who have been lifelong Democrats and by
the way I'm one of those I'm I'm a
lifelong
Democrat who qu I can't even consider
voting for Biden it would be ridiculous
and but people say but it must work both
ways right there surely there are people
who are Republicans who are now all in
for
Biden for example there's Anthony
scaramucci so Anthony scaramucci who got
fired in his first week from the White
House I'm not sure I'm going to count
somebody who got fired by the person he
doesn't want to vote for right if
somebody fires you your odds of voting
for them go way down so so it's always
like a special case when you see a
republican defecting to vote Democrat
you're like I think maybe there's
something else going on
there but when you see the Democrats uh
defect to being Trump supporters at
least for now that's not based on a
motion that's based on analysis
and it's going to be harder and harder
to to miss that all the smart people are
on the same
side now if you have if you have a a
counter example I'd love to see it for
example is Rob Riner one of the smart
people no is Stephen King one of the
smart people well based on his posting
on X
no so there are plenty of people who are
famous who don't like Trump but how many
of them would you say say are
objectively smart now there are a whole
bunch of smart people that you think
might vote Democrat but they're kind of
quiet kind of quiet let me pick one
Warren
Buffett Warren Buffett LIF long
Democrat has he uh been talking about
how much he loves Biden and you better
vote for
him I don't think I've heard that no now
he's not super political so that's not
it's not unusual that he would
but if you if you talk to Warren Buffett
behind closed doors who do you think he
supports who do you think now I don't
know but there's nobody
smart that I'm aware of literally
nobody um smart supporting him now I say
that uh partly to be provocative
because uh it'll cause people to say
what about this person and what about
that person but I want to have that
conversation if I'm wrong I'd actually
like to know that that would change my
thinking a little bit if I found out
that the people that I thought were the
smartest people were on the other side
for me I usually change my mind if Alan
dtz disagreed with me I'd think about
that hard but he doesn't smart lifelong
Democrat nope
how do I make that
stop I'm getting birthday wishes during
the show and that's going to be a
problem all right what about Bill Maher
now Bill Maher I consider smart I know
that if we want to be political you like
to think everybody who disagrees with
you is dumb but he's clearly
smart um however he has the worst case
of TDS any of us have ever seen so that
goes to my point that if you're smart
and not having a mental problem or you
weren't personally fired by him you were
all on the same side now you really are
the exceptions are are as funny as the
uh the ones that are more clear I guess
so here's something that bill Mah said
in his show he said Trump is winning on
the border um but he pointed out that
that doesn't make sense he he acted like
the Republicans are being irrational for
supporting Trump On the Border cuz he
said uh it was Trump's big issue and he
failed to build the wall and that was
his signature thing so smart guy Bill
Maher thinks it makes sense to say that
he doesn't understand why they would
vote for Trump when he didn't get this
done the first
time Bill do you know why it didn't get
done the first time that was the
Democrats that stopped it it wasn't the
Republicans bill you do the this for a
living how can you say that was Trump's
fault now if he were to say but why
would it be different this time well I
don't know that it'll be different this
time but I know that John Federman might
vote for the
wall do you hear
me I'm pretty sure that what seemed like
a crazy wall idea to the to all
Democrats before now sounds like a much
better idea suddenly doesn't it doesn't
that wall idea look pretty good now so
Bill Everything's changed toward the
direction that would make it possible to
build the wall you got one person who's
balls to the wall on the wall one person
who tried to tear it down well did got
rid of all the EOS how is this a hard
decision and why are you why are you
confused Bill Maher that any Republican
would want the person who's going to try
really really hard to get it done in a
new environment in which it's probably
possible
now is that is that a clear-headed
analysis by him it's not it's crazy but
he he limits his crazy to just like this
domain because this obviously feels
personal in some way I
guess
um but he does say you so uh he says I
know Biden has a bad memory but he can't
expect the American people to forget
four years of calling Trump's border
policy and wall a racist and four years
of tearing down Trump's border policies
for more migrant friendly policies so he
at least Bill Mah understands that the
Border needs to be closed right again
he's a smart person he just has this
weird TDS about
Trump all right I'm going to do the last
smart person who favors Trump you
ready here's a quote from uh
Putin Putin said and he's talking about
the law against Trump he says it is
obvious all over the world that the
prosecution of trump is simply the
utilization of the judicial system
during an internal political struggle
there supposed leadership in the sphere
of democracy is being burned to the
Ground God I wish we had a president who
could talk as well as our
enemy do you think do you think Putin's
summed it up pretty well there yeah he
did is he our enemy so we should be you
know careful what he says yes yes of
course he says things for fact not just
because he thinks they're true so you
don't want to you know side with Putin
here I don't want to become a Russian
puppet but do you think that other
leaders are having maybe similar
thoughts how could they not how could
any leader in any civilized this country
be looking at what's happening here and
have any thought that that's anything
but the end of
democracy or at least you know a body
blow yeah we all see it
now all right
um I wonder why I can't turn that off
if you're watching the show please don't
please don't message me right now I'm
using my phone for the show all right um
so this just the news is reporting the
website just the
news uh there's a federal court in Texas
that ordered the uh Department of
Agriculture to stop discriminating
against Farmers on the basis of race and
sex when awarding disaster relief
now it wasn't long ago when you saw this
story you would think who they're really
discriminating against you know black
farmers and you know maybe lgbtq Farmers
or something but it's the opposite uh
they were doing their disaster relief
specifically targeted toward uh black
Farmers now there was a there was a
historical um
justification so it's sort of in the
reparations domain um there is some
history of black Farmers being totally
screwed by the government so I think
that's a real thing historically that
the black farmers were totally screwed
so I think this was a an attempt to U
compensate for
that but it's
racist because the white Farmers aren't
getting
uh emergency aid disaster
relief since when do we do disaster
relief based on race
that that's so wrong even though I get
the justification I get the
justification and they're probably
living people who are you know were
impacted by that discrimination of the
past so that's a real thing I take that
seriously but no you don't deny disaster
relief to white people in the modern
times to make up for that there's got to
be something else but not that so
anyway um I feel like there that white
people white men especially are living
through this weird period of
discrimination that doesn't have a label
you like we say it's wokeness and um Dei
but it needs some kind of like a Jim
Crow kind of a name you know where
everybody's like Ah that's you know Jim
Crow's situation but needs I think I'd
call it the Scott Adams
situation Jim Crow's
taken Jim Crow by the way I believe
would was a minstral character who acted
stereotypically you know racist black so
that's that's where that law came from
or that's where the the name for the law
came
from anyway
um Don Lemon had a podcast with Sam
Harris and I recommend it it was really
interesting uh especially one part where
Don Lemon was arguing that there's you
know massive discrimin
against black people still in this
country and you can see it easily by the
few black
CEOs Sam Harris said um we actually live
in a I'm paraphrasing of course in a
time where it's a gigantic advantage to
be a black person applying for a job and
he had to explain it to Don Lemon and I
don't think Don Lemon had ever heard it
before so he'd been living in a country
where he thought that he was being
discriminated against for 30 years when
it had been aggressively the opposite
for 30 years and never
noticed well I noticed when I kept
losing all my
jobs are there any white men who have
noticed in the last 30 years that the
system is aggressively against white men
and any white men who've maybe
noticed but Don lemen didn't know that
what was his job I believe his job was
to tell you the news and he didn't know
probably the biggest dynamic in the
corporate world that white men were
being passed over for 30 years for
promotion he didn't know
that so Sam Harris did a good job of
dismantling that belief um while he
stood there just sort of not knowing how
to
respond and I thought that was really
amazing so
remember I told you that all the smart
people are pro Trump unless they have
TDS
is Sam Harris a smart person yes yes you
can say whatever you want about his
Trump stuff because that's pure TDS we
all see it you don't have to be a
professional you don't need a degree in
Psychology to watch Sam's Sam Harris
talk and to know that there's something
going on there that's outside the realm
of reason but in every other
realm he's often the smartest guy in the
room
so uh Eric even when there's an
exception the exception has the obvious
reason for it which is TDS but all the
smart people who don't have TDS are on
the same side at this point all right
here's something that you're not going
to like but I finally figured out how to
say it so you'll be a little less mad I
saw the end wokeness uh account who I I
recommend very much I retweet his stuff
and talk about it all the time end
wokeness is the name of the account um
if you follow me and you're also on x
you definitely want to follow that
account it's just one of the most high
value accounts end wokeness all one word
anyway um you showing some statistics
and if you to rank um what demographics
have the highest percentage of single
parents you according to this statistic
uh black families 64% of them have a
single parent Latino 42 white 24 Asian
16 and that matches up perfectly with
incarceration rates they they follow
that same pattern but it also is uh and
it also follows the inverse by
income so the more likely you are to
have two parents the higher your income
the more likely to have one parent the
more likely you're in
jail and and there was one more I think
uh anyway but that's enough to make my
point so here's my point
the implication of this is that marriage
is so strongly correlated with success
that people should get married more
right does that make sense to you how
many would you agree if we have the
clearest clear signal that married
people they live longer they actually
live longer they have better health more
income less
jail just everything the the numbers are
overwhelmingly obvious every time it's
been measured so therefore we should
encourage more marriage do you agree how
many would agree with the statement we
should encourage more
marriage because it's so correlated with
success oh I've primed you too well
you're too good I think now you're all
the Smart Ones you're the Smart Ones
you're the elite now yeah here's what's
wrong with it let me give you some other
examples that sound like this to my mind
uh it's better to be tall because tall
people uh earn more money and have more
mating
options therefore we should encourage
people to be
taller are you good with that now you're
going to say to me but Scott that's not
practical a person can't just get
dollar that's my
point that's my point let me take
another way you maybe could understand
why the people who are the single
parents uh also have the lowest income
and things are going wrong don't you
think there's a correlation between who
you'd want to marry and who you'd be
willing to
hire tell me those aren't the same thing
you
can't it's the same sorting it's the
same filter I mean not exactly the same
but the V you know the ven diagram is
pretty
overlapping isn't the most the most
reasonable thing thing you could ever
you could ever believe right let me put
it in funnier terms you'll remember it
if I put it in the
joke if nobody wants to marry you who
the wants to hire
you am I right and I'm going to add
another thing do you know why people are
single do you think they chose
it do you think they chose to be single
no let me speak from personal experience
as a single person I'm single because
nobody wants to marry
me it wasn't my choice it was a choice
of approximately three and a half
billion women they all got together and
decided no thanks don't want any of that
now I'm exaggerating a little bit I'm
sure I could you know find somebody in
the bush in some remote country who
didn't know enough about
me no the obvious correlation is that
there's something wrong with the
individuals not genetic and not cultural
I'm just saying there's something wrong
but it doesn't have to do
with um that marriage is good or
marriage is bad my my take is this
marriage is the best system for about
25% of the public if they're lucky
enough to find that one great person
have you seen the uh on social media
there are all these people doing really
the same content in which they say all
right women all say they want a guy over
six feet tall and you know makes six
figures and blah BL blah and then they
do the math and they find that the
number of men who are single and the
right marriageable age and over six feet
tall and have that
income uh ends up to be like 1% or some
crazy
number and that's before you add drug
addict it's before you add
personality it's before you add mental
illness right so we've created a world
where we're completely unhappy with each
other which doesn't have to do with your
genes or your culture we've individually
become
terrible and and I'm not saying you know
I sometimes you hear me say that women
have gotten worse but so have men I mean
I don't know how you'd compare the two
in their worsen
but we have individually become
unfuckable and
unmarriageable all of us we're all
unmarriageable and part of it is weight
part of it is we're on our phones part
of it is we all have mental illness from
our phones part of it is we don't seem
to have as or we don't feel like we have
as much Economic
Opportunity we've just become people
that nobody wants to marry so just
telling us that marriage is a better
deal than being single won't do anything
it's like telling you to be tall what do
I do about
it so I agree with you having a perfect
partner in a long-term relationship best
thing
going and and I I see all the
relationship experts saying stuff like
um your number one decision the best
thing you have to get right is your
marriage because you want the the person
who's loyal forever and is is definitely
you know um rooting for you to succeed
and all that
I was watching another marriage expert
here's the battle of the dueling
marriage experts one expert saying your
most important thing is to find a woman
who supports you and is you know your
greatest
supporter because if you get divorced
you get you wreck forever basically at
the same time another relationship
expert a woman said that she didn't used
to believe that women would try to
destroy the success of their own partner
but now she does because it's just too
obvious so her view is that women try to
tear down their partner so their partner
won't feel too good about themselves and
find another
partner that in other words the natural
way of marriage is for the woman to say
that to fatten up her husband so he
can't get another you know girlfriend to
tell him he's trash and to make sure
that he thinks he can't do do
better now I've heard that you know
husbands can do the same things to their
wives but
we've we've created a civilization and a
set of whole bunch of different
variables within our society that make
marriage a really bad idea but only
because it made people bad we're just
not the same people we used to be and
and on top of that since we see all the
you know the instagrammers and The
Beautiful People we think my goodness
can I do better than that I've been
looking at these these hotties all day
long and then I go to the mall and I
don't see them where are
they and that ladies and
gentlemen uh brings me to all except one
thing you wanted me to mention which is
there's a story about a juror on the the
Trump trial it looks like maybe my notes
didn't all print out it seemed a little
short today um because I know that was
on my notes but
disappeared so uh I believe that that's
a
hoax I believe it's a
hoax um has that been confirmed yet so
the idea was that judge musan U became
aware that there was a social media
Facebook post from some stranger who
said they were the cousin of a jurist
and that the jurist indicated they'd
made up a decision before the jury was
over which means they would have talked
to him about it which would have been a
a misrial which would have been free TR
free Trump but the person involved
appears to be a famous poster and
uh there doesn't seem to be any
substance to it so if if you're getting
excited about that I'd say tone that
down a little
bit tone it down a little bit um I feel
like how did all those notes
disappear oh there's a uh oh yeah here's
some other stuff um so uh Jake Paul and
Mike Tyson had their fight rescheduled I
guess Tyson had some medical stuff he
had to delay the fight so it's delayed
until November
15th and uh the way Tyson posted it he
said uh there's a new date for Jake's
wake new date for Jake's
wake why why do I why do I like Mike
Tyson why does everybody seem to like
Mike Tyson he's sort of the ultimate bad
guy I mean he's done bad things he beat
up people for a living and sometimes for
fun and you know I won't get into the
other
accusations but there is
something there's just something
sympathetic about him that I can't put
my finger on because I I I'm also
fascinated by him he's always been one
of my favorite public personalities and
I you know I never felt proud of that
because he's done some bad stuff but I
do like watching him and I'll probably
watch this fight it's going to be on
Netflix November 15
well there's a uh 90-year-old pilot
William Anders he was one one of the
astronauts he took the famous earthrise
photo back in whenever and he was on
Apollo 8 and he crashed his
plane
um wait he was flying a plane at
90 and he crashed
it
so um we don't know the details of that
but I don't think maybe he should have
been flying the plane in 90 I don't I
don't know how that works does anybody
take your license
away yeah that in the video it looked
like I couldn't tell from the video
because there's a video of him hitting
the water in what looks like a lake or a
harbor or something and it looked like
he might have been attempting a a loop
or something and it didn't work out was
he doing a
trick it looked like he was maybe trying
to do a trick and it didn't work or
maybe he lost some power and couldn't
couldn't recover in time but when he hit
the water he was trying to come back up
he just got too
low probably overweight somebody says
well I'll bet you he wasn't fat because
he was
90 um have you heard about the trans
whistleblower he he's not trans he's
rather a uh a
doctor eaten Heim and uh so he he blew
the whistle on a Texas Children's
Hospital that is doing Secret sex change
programs meaning secret from the parents
I think that I think that's what that
meant and he blew the whistle on him
public was outraged and of course the
Biden Administration immediately sent
their goons to arrest him um now I think
what he's being arrested for is
violating I don't know some healthc care
Hippa confidentiality or something but
again I don't think the general public
sees it as anything but lawfare against
people they don't
like uh I don't think that his arrest is
legitimate he might have broken some
laws
technically but it looks like
to me so he's got to he's got to Gund me
you might want to think about
that all right oh yeah there's my note
about the
troll um Trump was talking about his
successful fundraising with uh David
Sachs and the folks in San Francisco but
the way he describes it in his trumpian
way has anybody reached this um
determination yourself that things that
seemed too far when Trump came on the
scene it's like that's too much bragging
or that's that's too much
exaggeration it now just seems funny and
quaint and just part of his personality
the Wilder the things he says as long as
they're within within the Trump
framework you know things that Trump
says I love all of them yeah I I just
love it when he stretches reality but
this this is like a beauty this is the
most trumpian this is the trumpi trumpy
you'll ever get so he's talking about
that fundraiser and of course it was all
that the smartest people in Silicon
Valley and he goes quote these are
brilliant guys AI
guys so yeah Trump trump uh not only you
know it's no surprise for his age of
course but he's not like a technology
Savant or anything
but the the way he simplifies he's the
best simplifier of all
time these are brilliant guys AI guys
and they're not really even AI guys you
know that everybody's everybody at that
level's got some investments in AI I'm
not sure they're AI guys
anyway you say these are the guys that
are doing all the things you read
about he's so funny and they're doing
all the things you're reading about
which is
true and then he says uh he was talking
to Fox News digital I guess uh these are
just a brilliant group of people it gets
better hold on this is just a brilliant
group of people and they can't relate to
Biden because he is a stupid person and
I have a high
IQ we don't need to fact check this one
can can we just enjoy
it for the Poetry that it
is I swear to God and Trump trump should
get a Nobel Prize in literature just for
his just for the way he
talks now I don't know why it's so
funny
but so last night I uh was flipping
through the channels and uh decided to
watch an old Seinfeld episode and I
found myself laughing at a TV show for
the first time in years years I can't
remember the last time I laughed out
loud like actually holding my gut at a
TV show or a movie can you remember the
last time that happened I don't I can't
it's years so I go back and look at this
old show that should have been extinct
you know it should have timed out in
terms of our uh appreciation of it just
a random episode and and I'm actually
convulsed I'm convulsing I'm laughing so
hard but here's the thing if I looked at
the dialogue on paper
you know I was watching it as a writer
you know putting my writer filter on it
I was imagine reading those same lines
on paper they wouldn't really be that
funny I don't know why that thing is so
funny but it's the same thing that Trump
does there's something about that Trump
never says anything that isn't
Trump that makes it just so delicious
like he he's never talking the way you
talk because that's the way you talk he
only talks the way he talks and I could
watch it all day long but on
seidenfeld the characters and the
writing um even though a lot of it was
like relatable you have little little
situation you go oh that happens to me
too the way they talked and acted wasn't
like anybody talks or acts in the real
world and so it it's that that weirdness
that they never talked and acted like
real people in the real world yet it was
an exaggerated version where they're
extra selfish and stuff like that is
just such a good formula so so funny but
I think Trump's got a little that magic
as
well and then also uh Arizona attorney
general is going to go after uh the
governor so I believe they're both
Democrats but the governor is uh Katie
Hopkins is accused of taking
bribes well that would be a big surprise
if we found out that somebody was taking
taking
bribes oh yeah there's I miss I I missed
the best part of the show because I
missed this note all right I hope you
stayed after I acted like I was done the
best part of the show is is this you
ready uh first of all let's talk about
Nicole Wallace on MSNBC step guest on X
was calling this out
and uh he notes that Nicole Wallace
before she was on MSNBC she was Bush's
White House communications person and
then uh and then she was communicate oh
why then uh when Alo was confirmed to
the Supreme Court and then she went on
some deranged screed against justices
Alito and Thomas today according to
Steve guest but here's what she said
quote the irreversible harm from the
United States Supreme Court could due to
the country and democracy if they the
Court decides that the disgraced
ex-president is indeed Above the Law the
threat is compounded by Clarence Thomas
and Samuel Alito who have personal ties
to the attempted overthrow of our
government that's the
news that's the
news none of that shit's true let's
let's go through this
there will be irreversible harm if the
courts find that Trump is above the
law is that really the question do you
think the courts deciding if Trump
personally is above the law no they're
talking about presidential immunity but
presidential immunity has existed
forever so that's just crazy
propaganda stuff and then which he says
it's compounded by Clarence Thomas and
samito having personal ties to the Ed
overthrow of our government there was no
attempted overthrow of the
government that is fake news I sure hope
to God the fake news doesn't turn into
fake history oh wait here's the next
story as Joshua lysek pointed out you
saw a story in the Smithsonian it's
magazine the Smithsonian you know the
Smithsonian that uh is a repository of
our
history and uh you opened up the uh
history book and he learned that the
history says that Donald Trump quote
packed the courts and committed an
Insurrection that's in the Smithsonian
document the history of our
country yep he packed the courts meaning
that
he put people on the court that's not
what pack the court means pack the court
means adding extra people so the court
is bigger and then pack in
so that's the wrong
word number
two he didn't commit an
Insurrection what uh what court found
that he did an
Insurrection I didn't see one it wasn't
an attempted Insurrection because there
were no tools by which he could attempt
an Insurrection I haven't gotten to the
good part
yet good the good part's coming it's
coming real soon
all right just hold that thought just
hold the thought that the current news
is
fake which means that our history will
all be fake we know that there's no way
around it it's already written and it's
already fake and you can see it in real
time do you remember the story that uh
Trump requested the National Guard on
January
6 I'll need a little reminder here CU
I'm just pulling from memory now correct
me if I'm wrong but my memory is that
Trump ahead of January 6 authorized up
to what 10,000 National Guard to make
sure that the capital was protected am
am I correct so far and that I believe
it was Nancy Pelosi who said
no am I correct so
far fact check fact check's okay now
we've always wondered why she would do
that right because you say to yourself
oh it's a setup she she said no to the
National Guard because that made it more
more likely there would be you know some
bad behavior is that what you think is
it your current belief that the that the
only reason she would say no to the
National Guard is
because she wanted the
trouble I've never been completely happy
with that answer
because people do lots of bad things but
you know what they don't usually do they
don't usually say let's take all the
security away from my husband so
somebody can hit him on the head with a
hammer it doesn't usually go that way
that people don't leave themselves
unprotected unless you're you know juicy
molette or something uh but a normal
politician doesn't put themselves at
Great personal risk you know just to run
it off
a normal person
doesn't so why would she do that if you
think that she was running an op and you
know making it look well I've got
another hypothesis for you try this one
on you ready to have your head
rearranged this one's going to hurt for
a little
while now this is just
speculation and I'll take a fact check
on it so I I will not assert this to be
a
fact there is some news reporting that
General
Millie uh feared that Trump would use
the National Guard as his private Army
to take over the
country have you ever heard
that there was fear that Trump maybe had
some control over the National Guard and
that he would use them to take over the
country that's probably why they were
declined which would
indicate that our top military
guy is as big a idiot as he
looks because I kept watching him
perform on TV and I kept saying to
himself I don't know he looks like an
idiot it looks like there's just
something wrong with him like he it
looks like he falls for every
hoax I believe that he genuinely
believed that there was an insur
action I think he actually believed that
the National Guard would maybe be
somehow under Trump's control and he
didn't want to take the chance that
there would be a military force big
enough to make a difference should they
decide to be
Traders I think that the real story of
January 6 is that the Democrats hoaxed
themselves so badly that they believed
the ridiculous and then they acted on
the ridiculous and then acting on the
ridiculous they were committed and they
had to sell the whole bag of
ridiculousness I think that the only
reason there was trouble is that the
National Guard was turned down and I
think the only reason it was turned down
is that Mark Millie was a idiot
who had TDS and and was literally
hallucinating a risk that no reasonable
person saw now keep in mind that
nobody's even mentioned that risk until
I just mentioned it right now except
that I saw a story that said he might
have been concerned about
it now how's your
brain what what did that do to
you do you do you think that
interpretation might be true because it
is the interpretation that that explains
all the facts the the ones we've had
before were like maybe but I don't know
I I just don't see somebody saying no to
security when security is so
important right but this makes perfect
sense we do observe as a fact that
people have hoaxed themselves into
believing that he's a monster uh what
what did carille say the other day he's
going to take away your
Constitution so now he's taking away
your freedom he's going to take away
your democracy he's going to take away
your Republic and there'll never be
another election and he's going to take
away your Constitution does that sound
like like people who are in good mental
health not to me no I do believe that
the people who you know start these
these memes and and messages they're
probably just cynical and they know
people will believe it but I think there
somebody like Mark Millie just believes
it and I'm going to add to this yeah now
I'm going to tie two things together
remember um remember Trump said
something like you know attacking the
cartels militarily he asked about it
when he was in office but he's also
talked about it after
office now why is it that he's the only
one who's mentioned that and prior
presidents act like it's not even on the
table well my hypothesis is that our
government has been working with the
cartels because it's how we control
Central American governments we have to
be on their side so we can't attack them
militarily because they're on our team
and we just put up with the you know
massive numbers of deaths because I
believe our government I've never said
this before but I'm going to say it for
the first time I believe that the people
who are really in charge of our
government think that the overdosed
deaths are the worthless
people that's what I think that's not my
opinion I think that the people who are
not dealing with the overdosed deaths in
the United States the really deep State
ones the real the ones who are really in
charge you know the dark arts people I
think think they think the O overdose
deaths are just junkies they don't give
a so they're like well if we kill
the cartels we're going to have chaos in
all of the
Americas if we let them kill 70,000 uh
useless people a year we won't miss them
a bit the economy might be better for it
the jails will be less
full and there'll be fewer people
driving and killing people because
they're inebriated so them
yeah because a lot of you have the same
opinion you've told me directly when I
talk about my stepson dying when I talk
about my stepson dying the most common
comment I get is well he had a common or
you know that's his fault or you should
have done better in your
parenting right so it wouldn't surprise
me if the people in charge actually just
don't even think that's the problem that
it's just calling the herd that's what I
think but here's the here's the uh the
payoff why is it that only Trump
wouldn't know that we're working with
the
cartels it's exactly what you think cu
the bad guys couldn't tell him because
he wouldn't put up with
it I believe that he was never briefed
on the real Intel and John Brennan says
directly that they don't want to give
Trump Intel because they can't trust him
with it you know why you can't trust
Trump and I basically I agree with them
you can't trust him with the Intel do
you know why you can't trust Trump with
the Intel
because if we knew the
truth something would change and they
don't want
that the problem is he would change
it I don't think the problem is so much
that he would you know tell our secrets
although he might I mean I could I could
easily imagine Trump just saying you
know what it turns out we work with the
cartels you could actually imagine him
saying that the only person in the world
who would do it so I believe that Trump
has been operating uh in a crippled
capacity because the CIA has not been
his friend I believe that the
Insurrection was caused entirely by Mark
Millie's TDS and maybe and maybe he
worked with uh I I'm guessing that when
Nancy Peli said no to the to the extra
security do you think she did that
without talking to anybody do you think
she just saidwell I'm Nancy py I know
about security I'll just decide no
no she almost certainly talked to people
who know what they're doing and I'll bet
you some of them had the mark Millie
opinion that if you bring in military
they might side with
Trump do you think at that point they
were worried that it would be obvious
the election was stolen I believe so I
believe that the Democrats were worried
that it was too obvious the election was
stolen do I have proof the election was
stolen no not direct proof I have
indirect proof proof which is that the
same bunch of people rigged everything
they've touched every single thing that
same group of people that's touch has
been fake everything they've touched has
been fake if you want to tell me this is
the one thing that's not fake I say
you're a idiot all right well
let's be honest if you still think you
know the election was good as opposed to
you can't tell either way which would be
a reasonable thing to say if you say you
know it was good you're a idiot
at this point you don't know how
anything works you don't know that
everything the same people same people
did all of it's fake all of it's
fake this isn't the one thing they did
right it's
not all right
so history
fake um four hostages got freed from
Gaza the IDF did an op and killed a
bunch of people but got four hostages
back and they seem to be in good shape
so that's good news there's news that
NATO is preparing a land Corridor for a
possible land war in Europe against
Russia can you name anything dumber than
planning a land war against a nuclear
power I really can't think of
anything that would be dumber than that
but military people have to do military
planning so you should not see any kind
of planning as anything that's like
signaling what's going to happen because
if you're in the military and it's your
job to plan for all contingencies you
don't say to yourself well I think this
one's you know terribly unlikely no you
plan for them
all also be aware that we're in a
psychological battle with Putin so
Putin's moving his warships to just to
uh you know some Naval exercise but it's
going to be close to the United States
off of Cuba and then you know he talks
about his nuclear weapons and how he
might use them if so so and so happens
and then we you know we indicate that if
this happens that'll happen so you might
see the planning for at land War as just
part of the psychological battle because
if Putin thinks there's some
chance that would control some of his
urges if he thought there was no chance
because NATO wasn't even preparing for
war then he could act like NATO doesn't
doesn't exist
so you should see the planning as the
fight not that it's indication that
there will be a fight later the planning
is the fight that's the psychological
fight anyway
um I have a uh theory that I'd like to
tell you about the simulation because I
keep hearing the same
complaint people say we couldn't
possibly be a simulation because you
could never build a computer so powerful
to simulate the universe now maybe you
could but let's take it as as truth that
you can never build one to simulate the
universe that wouldn't matter because if
you could build it to look as good as
Roblox do you know what that is Roblox
Roblox the kids video game where the
characters look like Legos you know
everything's made of squares so if you
see one of these like characters it's
just made of like Legos um you say to
yourself well that doesn't look like a
real person that looks like Legos all
right now let's say you were a you were
a
robot and a robot has been trained on
human behavior and it sees a a man made
in Legos what's the robot say well same
as the people because it's trained on
people so the robot says oh that's a not
exactly a person that's like a some kind
of you know creature made out of blocks
but now take the
robot and reprogram it and you you
simply add this programming you will
think you see something uh in detail but
really it's just going to be these
blocks so if you were to describe it
later you would say oh yeah you had a
mustache and looked like a regular
person and everything but it won't
actually be there yeah you will just see
all the detail but none will be there
when you walk into a room you're only
ever going to see the little cone of
your of your concentration and all the
rest you you'll imagine you saw in
detail but there wasn't
any is that robot living in a
simulation yes the robot would reliably
report that it sees details and could
even describe the details could even
draw a picture of the details but they
wouldn't be there so what I'm going to
suggest what I am suggesting is that the
Universe could be run on a very small
computer as long as the characters in it
were told that they see more than they
see
now could you um is there some breaking
news uh is it possible to that in the
real world the one that we think we're
in this one do we know that people
imagine more detail than they see yes
that's well proven your actual reality
your brain sees detail that isn't
actually there it's well understood I I
don't need to get into the
details but yeah don't worry about
processing all you need is a line of
code that says you see the
details that's it you see the
details the whole thing can be solved
you don't need a computer that's bigger
than the universe you need a little one
that just fools you into thinking you
see things you don't see because uh an
optical illusion or simply BS is just
always easier to
produce let me give you another one how
can you build a computer big enough that
your memories my memories and everybody
else's memories would stay
consistent imagine how the complexity of
having all of civilization billions of
people and all of their histories have
to match and line up and and be the
same that's not a problem do you know
why none of our history is
real even our personal memories don't
line up
so the other day somebody asked me what
programming language I used you know
back when I was a young pup and doing
some programming and I think I said
basic
plus and then yesterday by weird
coincidence I was looking through some
old videos and I saw myself in the year
I was using it saying that it was quick
basic so I had a very clear memory of
something that didn't
happen and there are tons of examples of
that I I've even had memories of things
that I thought happened to me that might
have happened to my brother and vice
versa I've even changed the character
involved right so here's how that saves
energy our histories don't have to match
anymore you and I can watch the news and
Come Away with different ideas of what
history was we can we can write our
history any way we want and if somebody
writes it differently we say they're
lying so you don't need any matching
coordinated
history because we just imagine that we
got the right one and everybody else is
wrong and it's the it's one line of code
it's one line of code for all of history
um your own version is fine the other
people are lying or have bad memories
boom done all the all the memories now
have been
explained all right that in fact is the
end of the show I'm going to say goodbye
to my wonderful people on X and YouTube
and Rumble if you missed the first part
of the show you probably don't know that
my new book has dropped which is a
combination of my two existing books
which are both Classics God's debris and
the religion War plus a brand new short
story that um completes the Arc of the
avatars um available now on
Amazon if it tells you the hard cover
isn't available to December that's a
glitch go ahead and order it we'll fix
that and you'll get your book in the
normal amount of time that people get
books all right uh that's all we got for
now um hope I'm alive tomorrow and all
the rest of you are too and uh hope you
have an amazing day I'm going to talk
privately to the uh subscribers on
locals now if you are subscribing on
locals and or on X where the Dilbert
comic still runs you would know that
Dilbert or dogbert's a clone formed a
army of felons to attack him but we wrap
up that story line today in case you're
wondering how that
ends and now I
pause you take a sip because otherwise
it sounds like I rudely turned off the
feed