bum-bum-bum hey everybody come on in
here it's time to talk about cher
band yes and when you're talking about
you have Pietschmann is there anything
better anything better than the
simultaneous F no there is not and you
can enjoy it simply by grabbing your cup
of mug less snifter stein jealous
tankard thermos flask canteen Grail
goblet vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee with
my shampoos mint join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine to
the day the thing that makes every sham
Pietschmann day better
the simultaneous it go mmhmm yep yep yep
oh wait hold on hold on hold on let me
try that again there's something wrong
did you notice that there was an
impeachment vote last night I'm all
confused now
because there was an impeachment vote
last night but this morning my coffee
tastes exactly the same how is that even
possible I was told to expect horrible
horrible things everything will change
with all this impeachment stuff so I
don't know if you notice but the
President of the United States the the
most powerful leader in civilization re
tweeted me this morning
which I said if the impeachment is
you must acquit that's right the one
time he decides to retweet me this with
a four-letter word
so we we like our president now I have
to warn you the that I'm back on some
meds for some nasal cavity problems so I
started taking prednisone again and I
know from past experiences that it could
have a mood destabilizing effect and if
you look over here you can see that my
printer well you can't really tell but
my printer is blinking and not working I
can't tell you how close I was to
throwing the printer and a second story
window on periscope so you could enjoy
it and I mean that literally I picked it
up and I was ready to throw it out of a
second-story window and then I
remembered oh yeah the doctor told me
yesterday that the president might my
cause the mood swings so let me tell you
the only reason that my printer is not
already lying in a hundred pieces on the
sidewalk below my house is that I
remembered my doctor told me you know
you might want to watch for these mood
swings but man do I want to throw that
out of window so much you can't even
imagine it I mean I really do I really
really want to throw it out the window
and I'm not even in a bad mood I'm just
mad that it didn't give me the copy I
need so now I look bad see I've got the
the glow of my screen that I must look
at for my notes instead all right let's
talk about the impeachment as you all
know the Senate voted on the she
impeachment I think we need name for it
when there's a vote for impeachment and
it is completely partisan should you
call it an impeachment or is it more of
a half Pietschmann is it a she
impeachment if only one side is doing it
is a masterpiece but are they master
Peachy
I think they're master bee
because it's not affecting anything else
and I think some of you saw the video of
representative Talib and others laughing
and joking and being so happy on their
way to impeachment and one of the one of
the things that I I had to wonder is why
is it you know it's hard to read minds
so you're only speculating what other
people are thinking but what is it that
the Democrats who were voting for
impeachment and the Democrats who were
who were supporting a Pietschmann
what is it that they're hoping to
accomplish because by now they've
figured out it will be bad for
re-election right do you think there's
any Democrat at this point who doesn't
already know that impeachment will only
make them lose the presidency maybe lose
the house they know that right because
everybody everybody's talking about it
it would be hard about to know so if
they know it's going to be bad for them
in terms of the election and they know
that they won't actually be able to
remove the president and therefore
there's no benefit in terms of saving
the country from his future crimes what
what is left right it doesn't help them
politically that has to be known by all
at this point the polls are showing it
etc if it doesn't help you politically
and it doesn't even help you avoid the
imaginary future crimes that they say he
will commit what's the point and that's
an actual serious question literally
what are they thinking I don't know
here's my best guess just speculation we
cannot read minds but I'm going to throw
it out there as the sort of the default
assumption because all the other
assumptions don't make sense it's not
for the country and it's not for even
selfish purposes of getting elected it's
got to be to feel better
what
you saw the video of t'lay butt laughing
and dancing and so happy that she was
gonna go vote to impeach the president
she knew it wasn't going to remove him
from office and she probably knew
because everybody else knows that it
wasn't even gonna hurt him in the
election might help him so why was she
so happy the only thing I can think of
is that they believe that it will make
him unhappy and that they're trying to
hurt him personally they feel bullied
they feel like he's a monster
they feel like he's lashed out at them
sometimes personally but don't you think
that we've come down to a psychological
problem I mean it's no longer a
constitutional question really it isn't
it's not a political question anymore
really it's not a legal question there's
no crime allege there's really nothing
left except people acting out to try to
make themselves feel better in a
situation in which they're feeling
helpless and doomed so that's it right
now I'm open to other other explanations
but it feels like it's a it's done for a
completely emotional reasons like a like
a blanket so the the Sham Pietschmann is
more like a sham Wow one of those little
towels it's like everything's still the
same but I feel better I feel better
with my ShamWow improves she had peach
but I feel I feel like that's all this
left mark levin noted that in his tweet
that nancy pelosi was apparently advised
by left-wing Harvard Law Professor
Lawrence tribe to delay something the
appeasement to the Senate so she's
unilaterally sitting on the impeachment
and I tweeted to be fair Pelosi sitting
on the impeachment is halfway to where
that impeachment needs to go
right well that's right up our ass
that's what I'm talking about so it
looks like we're gonna find out if
Democrats can get Trump re-elected and
chew gum at the same time because that's
what they're doing and so far they're
doing a good job because the Democrats
are succeeding in getting Trump
reelected and they're chewing gum I
guess they can do two things at the same
time so point made
Vladimir Putin weighed in with his
opinion and he planted Mir Putin says
that impeachment was for a quote made-up
reason even Vladimir
even Vladimir Putin is laughing at
impeachment and calling it a made-up
raisin
of course that's gonna make people think
well Putin and Trump must be in bed
because there are none the same
scientific patron because that's how
dumb we are we just assume that the
world is that simple there's some it's a
funny day because a lot of the tweets
are hilarious today now somebody tweeted
yesterday and I think many of you had
the same experience if you were
switching back in the channels last
night between CN N and then the
president's rally was that the weirdest
thing in the world because when you
watch the president's rally
he seemed relaxed completely unbothered
funny laughing having a good time
looking forward to reelection the crowd
loves it it's nothing but a fun night
and then you go over to CNN and they're
all solemn there's a sad day for the
Republic wait what did the president say
about representative Dingell
[Music]
switch the channel over to trump
yay back to seeing them we are
marinating in our own feces so the two
movies on one screen was quite stark but
watching the tweets after the fact was
just as just as fun so here's one from
maybe run the periscope right now
Robert kepco he had this tweet he said
the Democrats have managed to turn
impeachment into a strongly into a
strongly worded letter basically they've
managed to take this this very important
you know constitutional thing
appeasement and turned into to a stern
warning yeah don't you do that
and here's another funny tweet from
Katie Yankee I think it was in response
to a tweet I made asking whether the
Democrats are only doing this so they
can feel better and and Katie tweets in
narrator voice narrator but it did not
make Trump feel bad and it helped him
win the reelection for some reason
that's funny or a narrator voice but it
did not make chomp feel that it only
helped him win the reelection so that
was good alright I know what you wanted
you want me to talk about all right you
want me to talk about president Trump's
comment about representative Dingell and
I don't know how to talk about this
without seeming like a bad person so I'm
just gonna go ahead and sounded like a
bad person so if you didn't see it it's
really one for the ages
and if it had not happened on the same
night as the impeachment it's all we'd
be talking about but so the background
is a representative Dingell who died
earlier this year February I think he
was 92 years old and he was beloved by
both the Democrats and the Republicans
and he was from Michigan and that's
where the president was speaking his
wife representative at Dingell so Debbie
Dingell is the wife and President Trump
tells the story about how she came to
him even though that she's she's gonna
vote for impeachment and she did that
she had come to him when her husband
died and asked for the full sort of
state treatment and President Trump said
he gave gave her the a-plus treatment
with lowering the flag and everything
even though he didn't need to but he was
showing what a good guy he was and then
you know she goes she goes ahead and
votes for impeachment and as the
president as the president is talking
about her husband who died this year
like this year he died he he said that
he mentioned that or she did that I
figured one of the men she said that he
was probably you know looking down on
this day and the president quipped
probably without thinking about it too
much he goes more looking up in other
words the president joked that Debbie
Dingles recently deceased husband might
be in Hell now I'm not proud of the fact
that I spend 10 minutes crying at my
desk
they're just crying I was laughing so
hard now again let me point out the joke
is not what he said
yeah the joke is not that it's winning
that he's you know he made a joke oh
he's maybe up there but maybe he's down
there it's not it's not
the joke it's the fact that he said it
at all and I'm not gonna defend it
because you don't defend you know that
kind of comment but that doesn't make it
less funny now I get that it probably
wasn't funny to Debbie Dingell and her
family or anybody you know who found the
deceased beloved I get that but I can't
change the fact that it made me laugh
until I was a web puddle on the floor I
can't change that
all right let's I'm just describing what
happened and and here's the thing of
course all of the all of the proper
people will will be they'll be outraged
they'll be outraged it's an outrage this
is an outrage let me get my Dale beard
how come the frost and say that's an
outrage it's just an outrage I'm so ever
aged look at me all outraged I'm
outraged
first of all Debbie Dingell probably
cares and the family probably cares
maybe some people who are really close
to the departed they probably care
everybody else who says they care
they're just liars nobody really cares
about this this this bad joke and what I
say bad I mean hilarious but
inappropriate which is what makes a
hilarious now let's look at the context
Debbie Dingell just voted to impeach the
president and overthrow an election
illegitimately in my opinion because I
this is my opinion I don't think the
impeachment process was legitimate and I
think the fact that it's completely
partisan is strong evidence that so if
you're Debbie Dingell and you just
participated in essentially an
illegitimate coup attempt
trying to use you know the Constitution
as your fig leaf you're kind of a piece
of you kind of are
and if the President of the United
States gets up in front of the public
and calls you out for being a pieces yet
when you're being a piece of that
very day and he does it in the worst
possible insulting inappropriate
disrespectful way I'm not gonna care a
lot I get it I get it
if somebody's offended I get it I just
can't find the caring to care enough
about that all right so I love the fact
that that Nancy Pelosi is desperately
looking for some way to salvage one of
the worst defeats of all time here's
here's what makes it the worst defeat of
all time it'll probably help the
election for a trump it will probably
help get more Republicans elected so
it's a complete complete disaster but
Pelosi has to try to salvage something
out of it so the latest thing they're
thinking about is not sending over the
impeachment to the Senate so this is
Senate can't slap it down and you know
just put a cap on it
but people who were smarter than me
including Joel was tweeting that
the Senate can still still voted down
without actually receiving it I think
that's I hope I'm not misinterpreting
that so the Senate doesn't actually have
to receive them although I think the
Constitution requires that they they do
but they can just vote it out and you
just say well okay
it's an ear so I don't know that Pelosi
has any real play there I think she's
trying to figure out how to minimize the
loss because it's all bad even though
it's supposed to supposedly good now
remember I told you I told you earlier
this week then Trump changes changes
every room he enters so it's not the
room affecting Trump Trump changes the
and the room he is entering there was
impeachment and I told you that whatever
you thought impeachment was a week ago
whatever that word meant to you whatever
whatever importance and credibility you
put on that word a week ago that when
Trump was done with it
it wouldn't even mean the same thing
like that the word impeachment would
just change in our minds from this
solemn important you know most critical
part of our Constitution one could argue
it would change into just something
ridiculous and you woke up this morning
and your president many of you voted for
him you found that your president had
been impeached and this morning what
does impeachment mean to you it just
doesn't mean the same thing anymore
Trump completely changed what that word
means to all of us now it's just a
political dirty trick of no importance
it's just completely empty meaningless
nothing it's like it's like he got a
tattoo on his shoulder the Senate
impeached it's just a tattoo it's
nothing and as I said yesterday is
Fitz's character because he's a bad boy
if you're a bad boy and you don't have a
prison record and you haven't been
impeached
well what kind of a bad boy are you so
he's got that going for him now let's
talk about Tulsi Gabbard so Tulsi
Gabbard is the only person who voted at
present all but two of the other
Democrats voted to impeach a hundred
percent of the Republicans voted not to
impeach in the house and Tulsi Gabbard
said that impeachment has to be a
bipartisan process and and because this
is obviously not bipartisan it does not
meet the constitutional test so she
voted present she could she didn't want
to vote against it because she thinks
the president made some mistakes but
she's not willing to vote for it because
it's partisan and that's not what
impeachment is
now I said it was the smartest play of
they here's why tulsi gabbard is the
smartest politician in the United States
today at least in the house who are we
talking about today well president Trump
and Pelosi of course but Tulsi which
other which other politician
maybe Debbie Dingell for the wrong
reasons but I remember rule number one
of persuasion you have to get people
talking about you rule number one all
right there are two parts of persuasion
first get all the attention
then there's all the technique of how to
be a good persuader
if you don't do step one again all the
attention it doesn't matter if you're
good and step two because nobody's gonna
see it step one get all the attention
how'd she do all right those are the two
parts of persuasion step one and step
two how did she do on step two step one
getting attention a hundred percent a
hundred percent it was the best get
attention move there was possible
because everybody else was doing
something predictable so she did
something provocative controversial
predictable and and who are we talking
about all day long we're going to talk
about Tulsi Gabbard alright
so on that one dimension would you agree
that's a home run just if we're just
compare mentalizing right you don't have
to yet have an opinion about the whole
strategy just just on that one thing
will you acknowledge that she got more
attention and other people and that
that's a necessary quality of persuasion
okay I think you with me on that now the
second part is that it's the high ground
maneuver the high ground maneuver is
when you let all the people argue in the
weeds about was it a perfect phone call
or was it a slightly imperfect phone
call
but was it a cry
miss Demeter was it was it a hike ride
was it was it miss meter
what does bribery mean that's the weeds
weeds weeds weeds weeds weeds if you're
if you're in the weeds you're you're the
small person in the conversation what
would be above the weeds if it's not
bipartisan it's not constitutional does
it matter if the call was perfect you're
not perfect if it's not even
constitutional because of the
partisanship doesn't matter the details
of the letter don't matter the the the
what the President did Ukraine none of
it matters you know literally doesn't
matter because high ground it doesn't
pass the first test then it's a
bipartisan thing Tulsi Gabbard found the
high ground how many people had the high
ground available to them a hundred
percent of them all right well well this
would only apply to the Democrats but
within the Democrat world 100 percent of
them had available to them that play and
the play was I'm gonna rise above this
yes I think the president did something
wrong if they do I don't but if they do
they can say that that's that's a fair
opinion and then rise above it only one
person saw the free money laying on the
table yeah there's somebody saying the
comments free money there was a big
frickin pile of free money sitting on
the table free money in the form of
attention and the right kind of
attention because it's high ground
attention it's not just attention for
doing something dumb or stupid or
provocative it's the high ground for
protecting the Constitution at the most
aggressive way now what did all of her
detractors say to me today when I said
it was a brilliant a plus play they said
to me Scott Scott Scott you freaking
idiot Scott they didn't say that but it
was implied they said her vote voting
present is the opposite
of being brave it's the opposite of
taking a stand if you don't take a stand
on such an important thing you're being
a coward and you're being wishy-washy
and you are not being a leader that's
what people said to me to which I say
well that's about the dumbest opinion
I've ever heard in my life
there were not two positions and you
could vote one way or the other
there were always three she found the
third one it was the right one
because he got her all the attention and
his supported the Constitution at the
highest level you know the concept level
without the weeds not only was it brave
because she's being you know castigated
by both sides it was very brave it was
the bravest thing you could do to take
the least popular view if she had taken
either a yes or no view half of the
country would said we love you
she took the view that guarantees both
sides are going to be pissed off at her
for now for now getting both sides
pissed off at you isn't always bad in
the long run if it also accomplishes
getting all the attention
it's what President Trump does he makes
half of the world pissed off while
getting all the attention and that he
uses the attention as his tools and he
works with that then he becomes
president
so voting president is the opposite of
being on the fence that is a very
specific decision with very clear
direction about why it's the high ground
it was the right thing
she took the free money off the table
nobody else did a +4 tulsi gabbard and
if you're arguing with that there's
something you're just not understanding
does this one there's a clean win for
her in my opinion all right let's see
what else we got going on here
did you see the funny clip of Nancy
Pelosi Shashi people after she read the
or was that the first impeachment thing
after the results I guess there was some
cheering and Pelosi was reading it and
she did the the schoolteacher like you
know just a quick little look and trying
to shut down the cheering and I I was
trying to imagine what it was like to be
the Democrats when they're they're
getting their fantasy fulfill of a
successful impeachment vote and I
thought that would be like and not only
are they getting their fantasy but they
can't show any emotion what would it
feel like to have your best day ever
if you're a Democrat Oh finally finally
we got the impeachment and you're not
allowed to shout I imagined
being an alarm car ride with Erics wall
well when you've just eaten Mexican and
Eric's they're like keep it in keep her
there it felt like the same thing it
felt like Eric's wall wall and a long
car ride from a Mexican restaurant
that'll be funnier when you think about
it later
all right that's about it so there are a
number of people who I would consider
somewhat on the fence wishy-washy
cowards and those are the people who are
I guess both Democrats and Republicans
of sentence but I'm more angry at the
Republicans the Republicans who say that
the president's phone call was very much
not perfect
but they don't think he should be
impeached for it to which I say what
part of his phone call was not perfect
if you make the claim that the
president's phone call with Ukraine was
not perfect what would be the reason
that it's imperfect and it's not so
obvious to me now you could certainly
say it's imperfect because the
cause the political problem but that's
not what people are talking about
they're not talking about that they're
talking about the actual you know doing
the job of president then he did it
wrong with that phone call
so was it a perfect phone call I think I
said Leonard's a phone call but here's
here's my take on it did he break the
law in the phone call apparently not
because even the impeachment articles
don't don't allege that did he ask for
something that the citizens of the
United States will want yes because we
had a legitimate interest in Purisima
and Biden given that Biden was polling
high to be the next president so it was
a top priority because election
interference or finding out if your next
president has any kind of you know
blackmail potential or anything very
important top priority for the country
so it was a top priority the president
did not break any laws people asked like
why why did he have to do it yourself to
which I say if he could have done it a
different way as in just assign it to an
underling I'm pretty sure he would have
done that but in the real world often
the leaders have to agree before the
underlings will really take it seriously
so I assume that if he had other ways to
do it he would have done it months ago
you know if the investigation had
already been underway in Ukraine because
he let's say told an underling and the
underling told Ukraine if it was already
happening he wouldn't have had to ask
for it so he used a process that was the
only process available to him because
obviously the underling process wasn't
going to work it was something that was
a top priority for the country he did it
completely legally and there's still a
question of whether he used you know
pressure about the releasing of the
funds but all the evidence says that
Ukraine wasn't even aware of it weren't
even aware of it and so I'm not sure it
matters because he would have every
right to with
funds to pressure them he certainly has
a right to do that
and he certainly had the right to way
you know a few extra days or however
long of Ukraine not having that
non-lethal aid versus you know maybe
getting a investigation going on
something that was a top priority for
the country those are both really
important and the president it's his job
to weigh those and say okay I'll let
this go a few extra weeks because that
might be the only way to get this other
thing if that's what happened now
there's no evidence that he actually
used that leverage because Ukraine
wasn't aware of it and it's not really
leverage if the people you're using
leverage on are not even aware of it
so I would challenge those who say the
phone call was anything but perfect
because I can't find a flaw in it
certainly a political flaw but that's
not what people are talking about right
so where am I wrong the only way you can
turn that into an imperfect call is by
framing it legitimately
and here's a rule for you to remember if
you frame something wrong you can't get
the right answer so if the way you
framed it was digging up dirt on an
opponent went through a foreign entity
if that's how you framed it then the
framing is the answer to the question
like there's no thinking involved
because the framing removes the thinking
there's nobody who would favor digging
up dirt on an opponent using a foreign
country if that's all it was
so with that framing you're stuck in
that frame and what are you gonna do
nobody's in favor of that but if you're
looking at a more legitimate frame which
is was a top national priority was it
the president's job did he perform his
job on a top priority in the only way
that was really available for him to do
it yes yes and yes he did exactly what
the country would have wanted now if
you're speculating yeah but his real
internal secretive thoughts were that it
was just all about winning re-election
that's still legal still perfect
still appropriate the president has
every right to pursue re-election
through the process of doing the
people's work as long as it was a top
priority for the country it was
certainly a top priority for me I can
speak personally it doesn't matter if
it's also being done for selfish reasons
it's just not relevant that's how our
process works so one of the other
framing that the Democrats do to make
you reach their conclusion uncritically
is there they continue to repeat no one
is above the law no one's above the law
no one's above the law and if you accept
that frame then you uncritically accept
that the president has somehow violated
law and therefore he must be must be
dealt with but they're not even alleging
a law was broken there's no law alleged
so every time they say he's not above
the law they're not even on the right
topic if they had alleged that the
president had broken a law then it would
might make sense to say nobody's above
the law but if you're in a completely
political process where no law has been
broken what does it mean to say he's not
above the law it's a it's a persuasion
trick to put your brain in that frame
that's all it is all right but it is
very effective you're right it's
effective because it's sort of a bumper
sticker or a thought so I I tweeted out
that no one is below the law either now
below the law doesn't really mean a
thing cuz everybody is below the law so
it actually is sort of nonsense but it
makes you think makes you think that you
you know you can't you can't use the law
to abuse somebody either funniest quote
is that one of the funniest tweets I saw
today I forget who said it
but I'm gonna I'm gonna repeat it
because it's funny but there's a there's
an F word in it so if you don't want to
hear the F word in a humorous context
you should turn down your sound now
here's the joke somebody said that the
the only presidents who get impeached
are the ones who make the mistake of
 Hillary Clinton because Bill
Clinton and now Trump okay turn your
sale back on it's okay it's okay come on
back which is pretty clever so we have
certainly broken into these two separate
worlds and I think you can all feel it
in a way that it just gets stronger and
stronger the entire Trump world seems to
be laughing and completely relaxed and
feeling vindicated really because the
fact that you couldn't get a single not
even one Republican to vote for it is
all you need to know all you need to
know is that not one Republican in the
house FLOTUS work now we don't know if
the Senate will even vote
I'm guessing they will at some point but
that's sort of the beginning in the end
of the story all the rest is weeds
doesn't matter some of us are trying to
eat somebody said so I saw there were
some polls that said that Trump would
beat any one of the Democratic
challengers and then immediately see and
then responded with a poll the cent that
Joe Biden is leaving so a little
confused where the polls are at but if
it's true that the that the polls have
have moved and that Trump is beating
every Democrat in the race what are they
gonna do what in the world are they
gonna do
it was just open question all right
any pardons today it would be a great
time to do some pardons wouldn't it
because it would take all the all the
attention would have to go to the
pardons and if it did it would take it
away from the peach pits so it's
probably the perfect time to do
something you know it if he pardoned
Roger stone for Christmas at the same
time that he's you know he got impeached
it'd be kind of perfect like if he's
going to and I don't know what the
legalities are honor know if he even can
I assume they're federal charges right
you can get a clear Roger stone whatever
the legal word for it is it would be
kind of the right time to do that
because Manafort is a special case
Manafort broke some serious laws stone
you know was a professional liar who got
caught lying that doesn't feel like the
same thing right if you're a
professional liar and that's all you do
and everybody knows you as you know what
I think was that Michael Tracy who
called him a fabulous if you know that
somebody is a fabulous in other words
they they spin stories continually and
you get you go to jail for telling a lie
well it's almost like that's on FBI you
know it's like it you should have seen
that coming
yeah and I suppose Lyndon would be the
obvious one stone and Flynn pardons at
the end of the year if you're gonna do
it if you're gonna do it if somebody
says exonerates yeah so I don't know the
legal technicalities but if you're gonna
do it would there be a better time than
the end of the year the best year a
president ever had literally this might
be the best year any president ever had
it could be I mean it's certainly up
there in the top
top-3 you know I don't even know who
else would be close and it's Christmas
and the news people are mostly on
vacation and they want to talk about
this impeachment they don't want to talk
about something else yet they want to
dwell in it a little bit it's the time
now I'm not saying he's gonna do it
but there will never be a better time
than this week if he plans to alright
which to devils voted against
impeachment doesn't really matter
they were ones in in trump of supporting
territories yeah I don't know what's
going on with Assange I'm really
confused about the whole story there's
just something going on there that I
feel like we don't know I feel as if
there's some hidden information all
right yeah partnering pardoning Manafort
would probably be a mistake because he
was a tax cheat and he cheated on taxes
that means he cost me money manna fort
stole for me and you if you pay taxes in
the United States because he was a tax
cheat so I'll feel the same about
Manafort as I do for somebody he was a
professional liar who got caught lying I
mean really all right pardon everybody
but Cohen yeah I don't think Cohen has
earned a pardon but I wouldn't complain
if he got one honestly you know if Cohen
got a pardon
it would really make everybody chatter
because people would say this is this is
Trump signaling to people that they can
break the law and get away with it as
long as it's good for him that's that's
how it would be covered but I wouldn't
it wouldn't be the worst thing
somebody's asking about in a John
Brennan indictment is it my imagination
or am i watching the wrong that works
but John Brennan sort of disappeared
didn't he can
in fact check that end when was the last
time John Brennan appeared on camera
recently I'd like to know how that's
going all right exonerate Tommy Chong
stop Tommy Chong isn't in prison anymore
is he I thought he got it right that's
all I got I will talk to you all later
bye for now