good morning everybody and
welcome to coffee with Scott Adams it's
the best thing you could ever do on a
Sunday all right maybe church is okay
too but but if you're not in church this
is the best thing you could possibly do
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to Godlike levels all you
need is a cuper muger glass a tanker
chalous or Stein a canteen jug or flask
Festival of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee join me
now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens
now wow it is the height of
civilization
yeah
so let's talk about all the
stuff so engineer at
MIT and in China I figured out how to
turn sea water into drinking water with
a completely passive device that's right
it's being it's being done with a
passive
device and what that means is that when
you tell the device hey could you turn
this sea water into drinking water it
gives you no feedback whatsoever it
doesn't say oh I'm busy or why don't you
do it yourself no it's a passive device
it'll be like all right I'll turn some
sea water into drinking water for you
totally
passive I think that's what it means no
actually what it means is instead of
forcing the water through a filter which
is the normal way you
desalinate which takes a tremendous
amount of energy and also takes uh it's
a problem because there's a bunch of
salt that's uh going to goop up your
filters and you have to clean it out and
stuff like that but these MIT in China
um researchers Engineers
actually um they figured out how to
create a system where it's primarily not
primarily it's only
evaporation so they figured out a way to
evaporate the water out so you got
drinking water and that leaves the salt
and they can pass the salt back into the
ocean and then the ocean gets too full
of salt
right well I wonder worry about the
ocean filling up with salt because you
uh because you desalinated some of it CU
I don't know this this might be a big uh
uh this might be something you don't
know but were you aware that the ocean
already evaporates I mean not all of it
but every single day there's like a lot
of evaporation happening it turns into
clouds yeah so if you evaporate a little
extra and and turn it into a drinking
water instead of a cloud that then turns
into water that then you drink I feel
like the oceans Will Survive that yeah I
feel like I feel like that and by the
way that water that you put into your
body you don't think that gets back to
the ocean it does it gets back there so
we're not going to turn the ocean into
brine all right so that's positive all
of our water problems are
solved you know what the big deal about
that is we're we're very close correct
me if I'm wrong but if you can cheaply
make your own fresh water and you can
cheaply make your own
electricity and you could probably come
up with a toilet system like the Bill
Gates toilets that don't don't need a
sewer system somehow they I don't know
they do do their own thing somehow and
could you not build floating cities now
what what what would stop you from
living on the ocean
forever pirates pirates would stop you
that's what yeah there would be a pirate
problem but what if you had like a whole
city and you just floated around to
wherever the weather is nicest and if
you see a storm forming you just turn on
your engines like get out of here let's
get out of here for two weeks until the
storm is over I feel like that's where
it's heading we're all heading that way
well what about this story of the uh
representative Democrat representative
Jamal
Bowman who uh was trying to uh delay a
vote on a continuing
resolution and uh was caught on camera
pulling the fire
alarm he pulled the fire alarm now I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking he pulled the fire alarm to
interfere with the operation of
government and and that would be the
same CR crime as the January Sixers at
least some of them were accused of which
is delaying a or trying to stop a
government process it's illegal it turns
out
but if you dig down a little bit more
you find out that was not his
intention no even though it looked like
that was his intention and he's on film
doing it um he explained later and you
have to hear the whole story before you
even know what's going on uh it turns
out he he thought that the pulling the
fire alarm would open the
door so he confused the door
knob with the fire alarm which was on
the wall a separate wall and that can
happen that can happen um it's not the
first time he's confused ordinary things
there was a time he got caught using a
Lecter uh as a
urinal again not his fault he thought
the electron was a
urinal and therefore you know quite
normal and expected U there are a number
of other items that uh he's
misused uh but uh I didn't have time to
write those jokes so you're going to
have to do those in your head if you
could complete the rest of the jokes
there should be three of them these
jokes work work best in threes so I did
the first one for you and he thought the
electron was the eral you need two more
do these in your head all right let's
see if I can help you
out
um all right I can't think of anymore
but you do some you do some at home
you'll love
it so is he an insurrectionist because
he was trying to delay a government
process I don't know so um I Tred to
follow along all of the budget
Shenanigans because it's a lot there's a
lot of complexity so I'm going to do
what nobody's done for you I'm going to
summarize it in a way that you can
understand all the ins and outs of the
Congressional rules and you know what
they have to do with the budget and
continuing resolutions and you've got
your 12 separate bills and you've got
your speaker and you know you got all
these things so uh if I could summarize
all that uh blah blah blah Congress
can't do their
jobs that's the story what whatever you
think is the dumbest most up
thing that could come out if the this
group that's what they
do it's pretty easy to determine hey why
don't you do something smart like look
at all the uh budget items separately
and vote on them separately like you
were supposed to like is your job oh no
we won't be doing that we'll be doing
something different than
that and what does Congress itself think
about that well I believe I have a quote
here
from from somebody did right down Nancy
mace was uh was mocking her own uh
Congressional members for being
basically completely unable to do their
jobs
so something
happened in Congress and I think no
matter what it was can anybody give me a
fact check on
this see if this accurately summarizes
it blah blah blah blah blah blah bill
millions of dollars for Ukraine did I
get that right blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah things that don't matter blah
blah blah things we don't understand
blah blah blah blah rules blah blah blah
resolutions blah blah blah billions of
dollars for
Ukraine that's all you need to
know boom that's your news if the news
were not boring maybe people would watch
it a little bit more often huh yeah try
that well I tried a trick question today
that a number of people found a way to
Kobayashi Maru out of it here's the
question I asked uh on a on a poll on
xplatform I said if you could stop
Hitler by rigging an election would you
do it seems like a simple question if
you could stop Hitler by rigging an
election would you do it now do you see
the
Trap it's a trap because the Democrats
have been calling uh Trump Hitler
forever but they also say that they did
not rig the election well you have to
pick one if he's Hitler you rig the
election because everybody would right
am I right nobody's going to answer this
question oh no we would let Hitler just
do his thing right oh you were so wrong
knowing that knowing that the question
would reveal their
absurdity they decided to go with
Hitler 2third of the people who answered
went with uh I would not rig the
election I would let Hitler come to
power that's how badly they don't want
to show that they're wrong they would
actually rather have Hitler come to
power than to reveal the absurdity of
their own reasoning an actual preference
yeah about 2third said no nope would not
rig an election to stop Hitler and do
you know what reasons they
gave Kobayashi
Maru now if you don't know that
reference you are not enough of a nerd
it's a old Star Trek reference when
Captain Kirk in when he was in the uh
what was it the training to be a
Starship person so when he was in
training they all got a test in which
there was a simulation of a a simulated
battle among starships and the
simulation was rigged so that you
couldn't win no matter what and the real
lesson was you can't always win or
something like that so it was sort of
what do you do when you can't win that
was the lesson so but one person did win
Captain Kirk he's the only person who
beat the simulation ever but how do you
beat a simulation that's rigged he
rigged it he rigged the rig s simulation
so he had to reprogram so he could win
now what did the people say who did not
want to answer the question if they
would stop Hitler well we wouldn't know
he was Hitler
then no the question says you're going
to stop Hitler it's very much obviously
implied obviously implied that you know
if you don't stop him he becomes the
real Hitler all right that's built into
the question you can't Kobayashi marui
and say well the way I interpret your
question no you don't get to reinterpret
the question he's Hitler you know he's
Hitler he's born Hitler that's banked
into the Assumption of the question
two-thirds of the people refused to
answer it and said that they would not
rig the election when you know they
would of course they would because
everybody would 100% of all people would
rig an election to stop Hiller except
you know actual I
suppose so that's how uh how broken we
are that I just got two thirds of my
respondents to support
Hitler so that they didn't have to
support
Trump in the real world in the actual
real world 2third of the people
supported Hitler over
Trump because that's how brainwashed
they had
become imagine the LEL of
brainwashing that would make you
actually
believe that not stopping Hitler might
be a good play or that there's some
reason you could come up with for not
doing it what would it take to brainwash
people that
thoroughly well I certainly found out
that uh there's a reason that Democrats
do not want free speech in this country
but do you think they've ever done
anything about it you know to actually
try to stop Free
Speech yeah turns out that there's a
whole department in the government
dedicated to stopping Free Speech did
you know that it's actually it's a
department cisa or cisa
cisa the director had been Chris Krebs
you might recognize as a highlevel
Democrat operative that's right so the
organization that
monitors and tries to control your free
speech run by
democrats
and uh let's say the current director is
Jen
easterly and she expanded the agents uh
agency's job because it used to be more
about uh catching the bad guys Homeland
Security sort of thing finding out what
the bad guys are thinking and change
maybe change the minds of the bad
guys and then they turned it on
Americans and decided they would use it
to change the minds of Americans because
according to easterly the director of
this
group apparently this is an actual quote
according to eastley Americans quote
cognitive
infrastructure is the most critical
infrastructure the state must protect
cognitive
infrastructure what's that what is what
is your cognitive infrastructure it's
actually your brain like the physical
brain in your head that's your cognitive
infrastructure and here here's the head
of this group saying directly that they
have to control your brain for National
Defense now is that true it was true
yeah that's why we do the Pledge of
Allegiance you know put your hand over
your heart it's it's a brainwashing
operation to make the country Stronger
by making the citizens more committed to
the to the whole so I don't disagree
with the you know the concept but if you
take it Beyond I love my country all the
way to those things you're saying on the
internet that are true or not true which
is where it is they're actually telling
you the things they know to be true
they're they're making sure that you
can't say them they're working with the
platforms to make sure you can't say
true things if it's bad for the country
in their opinion so if it's bad for the
country in the opinion of
Democrats there's a department of the
government to make sure that you don't
see it or can't say it just think about
that that's a real thing there's no
there's no exaggeration it's a
department of the government that's a
real thing it is their stated mission to
control the brains of
Americans it that's a quote it's
directly right here it's their stated
mission to control the brains of
Americans right and they allow Tik tock
they allow Tik
Tock they're not serious people uh
certainly they're not trying to protect
you they're trying to control you for
whatever reasons not your own benefit
apparently so to know that there's
actually a formed group whose name puts
an s in the letter
CIA so it's
cisa it's got you can't even spell it
without C
a that's a little on the nose all right
um and it's according to Federal
lawmakers the CI cisa is the nerve
center of federal government
censorship so how good how good is the
government brainwashing
operation it's good
enough that half of the country thinks
that Trump is worse than Hitler and they
would support Hitler before they would
support Trump
is that good enough do do you need
another example or does that pretty much
make the
point I think that should make the
point all right so that's a real thing
now once again uh the world has reached
the point where we cannot tell parity
from
reality and here's an example that
involves me and I can't tell if this is
parity I can't tell if I'm being mocked
or complimented so I'm going to ask for
your opinion you tell me if I'm being
mocked or complimented now an important
part of this is to know who's the
speaker so the the speaker in this
little story which through a post on X
is Paul
Graham now uh if you watch the the tech
world at all you know Paul Graham one of
the most famous uh entrepreneur investor
type people in the
world um
and generally one of the smartest people
in the game so he's super smart super
successful um yeah he's sort of like the
father of startups yeah somebody said
that in the comments he he would be like
the
intellectual I don't know sort of the
almost like a founding father of Silicon
Valley startups in a sense because he
was so smart and successful at it anyway
so he's somebody who's smart and
successful UC F you should also know
that he and I have agreed sometimes and
disagreed sometimes on
X so he's not somebody who automatically
agrees with me but he's also a smart you
know high functioning person who doesn't
always disagree with me so I don't know
if he agrees or disagrees more often but
he could be on either side all right so
you've got a credible person very
smart and not necessarily
you know primed to agree or disagree
with me but rather probably just looks
at the information so he retweeted two
of my older tweets today and the two of
them were paired and they were and his
only comment was note the
date all right so the only the only clue
we have is who he
is and how we've interacted
before and the one the one sentence note
the date so the date was July um 2020
and it was my two uh tweets one of which
said uh if Joe Biden gets elected so
this is a few months before the election
itself I said if he gets elected there's
a there's a good chance you'll be dead
in a
year that was one and the other one was
um if Joe Biden is elected Republicans
will be hunted also about the same
date
now when he tweeted those and said note
the date he was clearly making sure that
you you knew it wasn't today but was he
saying this was a good um prediction or
was he mocking it because half of the
country would say that's absurd nothing
like that's happening or is he in the
half of the country that says it's
obviously happening and here's somebody
who predicted it which is
it I got mocked good prediction
mocked don't
know you can't tell can you isn't that
the funny thing about it you actually I
can't tell I actually don't
know where is he saying
activate
yeah all right well but you can see that
people are all over the map here right I
think there are more people saying good
prediction but you might be that might
be wishful thinking I'm not
sure oh well I think it's a good
prediction we don't know what Paul
thought but we know he's very smart so
I'm going to I'm going to go with uh
he's smart so he thinks it's a good
prediction can can can I live with that
reality until it's proven not
true how many of you have ever heard an
old hoax about me that like most hoaxes
is based on a real event so there's a
real event but of course context is left
out how many of you know about the
metaverse uh so-called sock puppet event
that was my first big
Scandal how many how many of you have
ever heard of
that no interesting it used to be that
no matter where I commented online
somebody would uh post a link to that
Scandal so let me tell you what people
think it was and then I'll tell you what
it was right do you know what a sock
puppet is a sock puppet is somebody who
pretends to be someone else to uh to
build up or sell a product you know to
you know help a brand so if you went
online and pretended to be somebody else
to complement a
product you know and people thought you
were a real person not a sock puppet
that would be bad behavior and if
somebody saw you do that they would have
a very bad opinion of you all right now
let me tell you what happened and then
I'll tell you you know how the hoax uh
played out here's what really happened
there was a point at which I was being
accused of being a uh a holocaust
denier and a bunch of other things but I
think that was the one I was concerned
with that day and so online there was
this spreading rumor that I was a
holocaust denier and one of the places
it was in particular is this horrible
site called meta meterse or something
meta something it just meta I forget
meta filter meta filter it was called
meta filter I think it's gone now but uh
so I had this big problem a reputational
problem and I was not really super well
known then you know the comic was taking
off but nationally most people would not
have recognized my name and so I said to
myself what do you do about it what
would you do about it suppose there was
a whole big rumor that you were a did
something terrible how how would you
deal with it what would be your
mechanism you could do a press release
but nobody would pay attention to it
right the people online aren't going to
see it because it's not going to be in
the news if you put it out a press
release who's even going to see it or
you could simply go online and argue
that it's it's not true you could show
links now what would happen to me if I
joined an online
conversation and just tried to clear
things up what do you think would happen
take a
guess it would make it worse it would
turn into from a rumor it would turn
into a headline story you know Adams
insists he's not a holocaust denier just
makes it worse right so how do you kill
a rumor without being involved it's
since you're the one in the rumor and
being involved would just make it much
worse so I'll tell you what I decided to
do which I still think is
funny but it didn't work out well for me
so what I decided to do was to enter the
conversation under a different
name and see if I could get the people
to have a conversation that I thought
would be hilarious and also clear up the
clear up the rumor at the same time and
so under the guise of a practical joke
which I had planned to reveal at the end
like I was going to spend a whole bunch
of time as as a person in a conversation
about me and then at the end it would
make a funny blog post right I'd say
what I said and how how they were
talking to me now to me it would be
hilarious to be in an extended
conversation with strangers about
me am I the only one who thinks that
would be
funny that would be funny right and You'
do it if if you could be in an extended
conversation in an assumed name about
yourself are you telling me you wouldn't
want to do
that that was seriously fun so I'm
having this conversation about myself
and people would make claims that I knew
not to be true so I'd say well you know
that's not actually something he's ever
said that sort of thing and then at one
point somebody came in and said uh well
you know Adams is an idiot he's just
stupid here's where things went off the
rails in the in the identity of my uh
fake little identity I thought it would
be hilarious to point out that
objectively speaking the person that
they'd called an idiot had been a member
of men Mena and had a genius level like
you now keep in mind I'm in a Persona so
I'm I'm sort of like Andrew tting a
little bit I'm just sort of playing the
Persona and I'm saying well you know
you'd have to
explain why this group that determines
whether or not you're qualified to be a
genius why have they certified him a
genius when your argument is that he's
dumb well soon after that um it turns
that there were some insiders in this
meta filter who had uh decided that my
uh identity would be outed because they
had a rule against sock puppeting I
guess now what I was doing was trying to
kill a
rumor and also create some content that
would make a fun blog post but the metap
filter people threaten me and they said
we found out that this is not really you
and we're going to out you unless you
out yourself
so still thinking is no big deal and
still thinking it's just funny I thought
oh I'll out out myself CU I was going to
anyway so I out myself you know say ah
you know it was me and I think this is
really funny what all those people who
were in conversation with me about me
don't you think they would think that
was funny wouldn't that make a good
story right does doesn't everybody
win isn't everybody involved a winner
so you had the the people who ran meta
filter they were winners because they
identified somebody who was in the wrong
identity and cleared it up good job good
job the people who were sleuths and like
figured it out first good job that's
some good sleuthing they caught me I
think they should be complimented that
was pretty smart and then there was did
I clear up did I clear up the rumor a
little bit yeah cuz then there was a
body of work that was you know the other
way that didn't look like it came from
me at least at first uh so I cleared up
the rumor a little bit you know got a
little counter counter information up
there like I wanted and then it was a
fun reveal and I thought it was a bunch
of laughs well at the time I didn't know
there was this thing called sock
puppets what I thought I was doing was a
joke like a practical joke that would to
me was just hilarious the whole time I
wasn't really
I wasn't pumping a product per se but I
was in that General domain of trying to
help my reputation but I was helping my
reputation from a
lie I wasn't making up you know I didn't
say oh did he know he won the Nobel
Prize I was saying he was not a
holocaust Den which is you know
Fair anyway so because people don't get
context they heard that I was a sock
puppet
and sock puppets are bad and that was
the end of it somebody called me a sock
puppet that's what got repeated every
day after that sock puppets are bad
contacts
lost and that was my first the first big
blow up and that followed me for
probably 15 years every single time I
did something somebody said B he's also
a sock puppet without any context
whatsoever would I do it again oh
absolutely
totally yeah I would totally do it again
I haven't because I get bust it again
but yeah I would do it again it was
funny all right um let's talk more about
other people Trump has a uh has a new uh
truth he put out it says crooked Joe
Biden has three major problems and they
all begin with the letter i inflation
immigration and
incompetence oh that's good
good that's good once you hear it it's
sticky as
hell once you hear the S3 problems that
start with i you will remember all three
right for the rest of your life you can
say oh yeah three problems inflation
immigration and competence and even if
it didn't come to you immediately it
would just take you a moment to think
about it and you come up with all three
oh that's good this is this is a you
know low energy Jeb quality stuff now
he's untruth so he'll get you know less
play so it won't be as effective but oh
yeah that's that's good good stuff
persuasion
wise all right uh story in the Wall
Street Journal by Joanna Stern that uh
chat GPT has a voice and it can see
things I guess it can see you and take a
picture of things and it can see it and
and Joan reported that uh it doesn't
sound exactly like a person but it's
close and it's a whole new world because
it can have a conversation with you and
so she included in her story a little
audio of her having a conversation with
it and the the point of it was that it's
so good that it's getting closer and
closer to like a conversation with a
person now imagine that imagine your
chat GPT just an app on your phone could
just sit there and have a conversation
with you so I thought to myself well
this is going to be good stuff so I
clicked on that audio and listen to
it uh yeah no it is not anything like a
person it has no human characteristics
whatsoever and you would not want to
spend more than five minutes of your
entire life talking to
that let me give you a uh an example I'm
making this up this is roughly the
example Le uh that was in the
audio and it goes like
this hey Chad
jpt uh let's let's uh talk about my day
today uh let's just have a conversation
about my
day how was your day today oh it was
great you know I did some gardening
today and went for a
swim gardening is good for your health
they say swimming is the best form of
exercise yeah yeah um so uh let's talk
about uh something else uh how about the
news well some people say this and some
people say
that okay do you have any personality at
all any Edge something like an
opinion I am not designed to have
opinions it it's there's no edes
whatsoever immediately
identified as
nonhuman and there's
nothing there's no interest
whatsoever I do not think you're going
to have conversations with your AI
unless they unless they get rid of all
the guidelines or the guard rails if
they got rid of the guard rails so it
could do anything it could have like a
really edgy conversation it could say
obscene things it could say um things
that you would never want your anybody
to
hear an average conversation between two
close people is stuff that you wouldn't
want anybody else to hear you know not
because it's necessarily a crime or
something but nobody really wants other
people to hear what a private
conversation looks like or sounds like
so if you can't make AI do edgy
dangerous risky things it's never going
to sound like a person and you're never
going to be interested in it like you
would be a person so it's never going to
keep you company unless they get rid of
all those
guardrails that's what I say and the
other thing it was is the delay was much
too long so so here's here's the fun of
a
conversation hey I AI how's your day
today very
good now how long are you going to want
to talk to
it it's got this natural delay I I used
to know a person in real life who had
that unnatural delay it was so hard to
have a conversation it's like you know
hey you want want to go play
tennis yes I mean I didn't know what to
do with that but that's your AI at the
moment it'll get faster so maybe it'll
be all amazing now based on this story I
would like to tell you how um I will
save save the world probably uh and
racial
division save the school
system um save you know education save
America and therefore save civilization
itself it goes like
this um you can now get your own private
AI did you know that you know Brian
romelli talks about this he's working on
it and you might soon even get your own
AI a chip so you know one chip is like
your whole personal AI so here's what I
would suggest for saving the
world uh you build an AI that doesn't
know anything except my last two books
or actually two of my books how to fill
almost everything and my new one reframe
your brain now the reason is those would
teach a young person how to get their
mindset right there are other books that
are also useful but imagine an AI that
studied my two books which are the
clearest I think you know life advice
and but a number of others so let's say
I had access to the 10 best uh career
strategy books that would be applicable
to young people and then you make it
available to young people and you make
sure that nobody can screw with it so
it's never polluted by you know any
wokeness or weird stuff and then you
just make it available for free
because once it's trained it's just
always trained so if you were a
10-year-old uh black kid in Baltimore
and you wanted to get out you could say
hey chat GPT or whatever it is uh what
should I
do and then it would actually tell you
how to get out now that doesn't mean you
could execute because you know you got a
lot of problems but it might say uh try
to find a sponsor to get into a private
school
it might say uh if your friends are
criminals find new
friends right but it could give you
really practical advice like a person
would without the problem of um having
to imitate your
oppressor now I tried to coin this
phrase and it's not catching on yet but
I'll keep trying the uh the imitation
glass ceiling even today there was
another study that showed how babies
imitate parents and parents imitate the
babies and the babies learn to imitate
the parents and basically the way you
train anybody to do anything is by
imitation we're even training
AI uh the cars the self-driving cars
we're training them by imitation they
look at videos of lots of cars driving
and then they just sort of do what the
other cars were doing without access to
reason or rules they just sort of
imitate and that's good enough for a
self-driving car if you see enough video
now people are exactly like that all the
time we learn everything by
imitation I learned for example uh hard
work from my parents I just saw my
father uh come home from one job he
would eat dinner and he would get in his
other clothes and go to his night
job so that was my role model watching
somebody who worked basically all the
time and so is it a coincidence that I
also work long hours and even when I
don't need to probably not I me maybe
there's some genetic thing there but I
think it had lot to do do with you know
the model I watched now suppose you
suppose you're a young black kid and the
people who seem to be killing it in life
most of them are uh white or Asian or
Indian or something and you say to
yourself oh they're not like me and some
of them are my oppressors so I'm not
going to imitate my oppressors I'm going
to have to to do whatever is the
opposite of my oppressors as as they've
been described to me now if you had an
App instead could I not make the
app uh act and
talk like the person using it so for
example if you sign on the app and the
app uh detects that you uh are
indianamerican
maybe it modifies a little bit to match
your cultural expectations
and then you're like oh this is like me
it's like talking to myself if you're a
young black kid maybe the app modifies
it itself in some way chooses different
language you know maybe is more casual
in some ways that are culturally
appropriate and you say to yourself whoa
this is not some some weighty oppressor
telling me what to do that I reject
automatically this is somebody who
sounds like me I mean I don't have a
father but if I had one it would
probably sound just like this this AG Ai
and then suddenly you're saying to
yourself well I can copy this AI it's
telling me exactly what to do and what I
did wrong yeah no I'm not going to not
going all the way to ebonics but I see
what you're saying
there and so I believe that uh if you
just had some uh dedicated
AIS that were trained on the best
success strategy
books that you could give everybody a
path out the only other thing you need
is access to mentors and maybe it could
help on that
too because I think you need mentors
that are not AI as well yeah it be like
an AI dad for people who didn't have a
dad all right um
Forbes who uh is not a publication that
anybody should trust anymore based on my
recent my recent uh observation is
they're no longer if they ever were but
they're not a credible source of news
for sure
anyway um so one of the big problems
with Tik Tock is apparently it's easy
for anybody in the Tik Tock organization
to find out who follows who and who
their closest contacts are and from that
presumably you could do a lot of
Mischief if you were an adversary
because you know who knows who which
tells you a whole lot about them cuz who
you know is
really is a good description of who you
are as well and there was a big old
article about how that's
bad nowhere did it mention the primary
risk of Tik Tock that is literally the
human interface for brainwashing
Americans it's a brainwashing
app that is in the middle of obviously
brainwashing us and it's obvious because
they don't even let it run in China
because it's not safe but yeah we could
use it all day long and we are so we
know this thing is a brainwashing app
and here's Forbes does a major article
in which they don't even mention the
brainwashing risk only the data security
are you starting to see the
pattern pattern is pretty clear isn't it
that every time there's a major
publication that talks about Tik Tok
they will ignore the big risk which
clearly they know is the big risk and
they'll talk about the minor risk
so that when the politicians say well
it's a it's a data security problem but
we think we can take care of the data
security problem and then the public
will say okay I don't know much about
that story but if the only problem is
that data security and then you keep
that data security in America in an
American database maybe maybe that's
okay but if they had ever told you all
right the data security is something to
worry about but it's 10% of the problem
90% of the problem is is that children
are learning not to get uh married and
have children and maybe their gender is
wrong that's 90% because they can
actually program Americans not to thrive
which is what they do so it's like Tik
Tock is essentially a kill switch on
America that China has already
pressed they already pressed it the kill
shot is that if we raise a generation on
Tik Tock there's no way we're
going to be a superpower in 50 years
no
way so the kill shots already even
impressed we we're going to have to
unkill ourselves somehow cuz we're dead
we're dead and and it seems to
be that our our media seems to be
suppressed in some way that they can't
write the actual story I assume it's our
intelligence organizations what else
would it be I assume that our
intelligence organizations want ticktock
to stay could be because they use it for
catching bad guys maybe could be they
use it to catch
Republicans yeah you did see that
comment did you yeah social media might
be one of the ways they Round Up
Republicans because they can identify
them and who they talk
to yes and they can use that cisa group
to uh influence the rest of the media
and uh it's a pretty ugly picture so
all right um here's a conversation you
should be following on the xplatform
Nate silver who is famous as a
statistician one of the most well-known
types and I've said before I won't go
through the whole description that he's
very credible in my opinion even if
sometimes wrong because remember his
statistics statistics is not about being
right it's about you know where things
are likely to go based on what you know
and so I would say he is one of the most
useful public figures because he's
willing to go where the numbers go right
or wrong left or right seems to be
reasonably independent thinker well he
got into uh conversation with somebody
who also was very credible
Martin korf or something I forget so
Harvard guy part of the Great barington
declaration highly credible now when n
silver said and none of this none of
this will be my claims okay I'm just
telling you what Nate sver believes
based on the data he believed that uh
you could tell that the red states did
worse after vaccinations rolled out
meaning that when vaccinations rolled
out the blue States had a much greater
reduction in death the red States had
more death and then uh critics including
me pointed out hey hey hey there's a
difference in uh age right if you don't
factor in the age difference of those
States you don't get the right result
well Nate silver being sensitive to that
question because it's actually a good
question so since he respected the
question and the people who asked it he
answered it and the answer is surprising
there's not that much age difference by
by State uh at least relative to
Republican or democrat it's actually not
that big a difference so there are some
states such as Florida where it's
Republican and there are lots of old
people but there are also States like
Maryland I think Maryland is one where
uh you know things are opposite of what
you expect so in other words if you look
at the whole country the Republicans are
have the old States doesn't really hold
up but there are some that are like that
so if you but if you look at the average
it goes away a little bit
however however I know some of you are
saying but but but we should still do
those numbers so Nate did he ran the
numbers with age being factored in and
got the same result so pretty pretty
much as he told you it wouldn't change
the result that much but in respect and
of respect to the critics who were
genuinely interested he ran reran the
numbers and it came out the same
now um I will tell you that I just saw a
counter analysis by
Anatoli um one of my favorite
critics and his take was that uh you
can't see a signal for the vaccinations
working I I I think that's the bottom
line so just know that there are smart
people who say the data shows no
difference I don't know if that's true
or false I'm not making any claims of my
own here but when uh nay silver ran it
is showed that when vaccinations rolled
out uh the people who were most likely
to get them did better than the people
who didn't get them even when you adjust
by
age do you believe
that and and even if this were true
would it therefore
prove anything in particular would it
prove that the vaccinations
worked know
because one of the things that I'd be
concerned by so here's here's how it
could be U
misleading have we not heard correct me
if I'm wrong but I thought there was at
least one study and of course all the
studies are non-credible but I think one
study said your worst situation is if
you were vaccinated and you've also had
the co is that
true if you had the co and you were
vaccinated you were in the worst
possible
situation I I think one study said that
so I wouldn't I wouldn't claim that as
being true it's just something one study
said and I think it was worse off in
sense of getting it another time you
were more likely to get it if you would
had both had it and vaccinated something
like that so there are a whole bunch of
variables that I don't know how you
would sort them out because how would
you know that the most
um how do you how do you know first of
all what happens in the long run you
know could could things start separating
in the long run which would suggest that
either Lo coid or the vaccinations were
the problem in the long run you wouldn't
know anyway here's what I think is
interesting if if you've been in your
Republican
bubble would you agree that those of us
in the Republican bubble and I spend
most of my time there you never see any
information that would suggest the
vaccinations worked for anyone at any
time would you agree with that statement
if you're in the Republican bubble
you've never seen anybody credible with
any data that says the vaccinations
actually could have worked for anybody
at any specific
time yeah but as soon as you walk into
the other
bubble here's Nate silver that again I
consider completely
credible now I'm not saying that his
analysis is right cuz that's not how
Works being credible is not the same as
being right it just means that he's
probably not lying and he's probably
looking at the best sources he could
find and it's all consistent in One
Direction doesn't mean it's
true but that's what he saying so this
is more like a window into the other
bubble you know I'm not trying to
convince you that anything is true or
not because I don't think any of the
data is useful I just don't believe any
of it so
if you were believing data just know
that there's different data in a
different
bubble that's what you need to
know all right let's talk about Ukraine
uh did I see a suggestion that uh
Britain might put some troops on the
ground in
Ukraine uh in a training but only for
training
right Consultants right Consultants
which is how you introduce troops oh
they're just there for train in yeah you
got a lot of troops in there for
training well they need a lot of
training but they're all armed of course
they're in the military but they're
trainers yeah so do you think America do
you think America has any Americans on
the ground in
Ukraine do you think we have any troops
on the of course we
do how could we not if you have American
Equipment over
there probably
probably
probably yeah I I feel like uh there
maybe people in Ukrainian
uniforms but I got a feeling we've got
some people over there that should be
the way it
works all right is there any story that
I've uh missed anything you you're
desperate to talk
about but uh I forgot to
mention um I think it was Elon Musk who
said the other day
that uh you don't need to watch the news
because all the news is on X and I agree
with that it's the only place you can
see any context you know it the the Nate
silver context you will not see in any
Republican publication do you do you
think that um do you think any of your
Publications would show his analysis do
you think Fox News or anybody else
probably not now I I don't know if he's
right W have no
idea so one of the weirdest stories I
heard about uh the Ukraine war is that
as you know the Wagner group was taking
prisoners out a
jail and sending them into the me
grinder now this story is
horrible but I can't get it out of my
head so I'm going to force it on you one
of the prisoners that was taken out of
jail
uh was convicted for murdering his
girlfriend or wife I think it was a
girlfriend and disposing of the body by
putting it through a meat
grinder like a real
story and so in order to be freed from
jail all he had to agree to do was go to
what the analysts are calling a meat
grinder you know being on the front
lines of the war in Ukraine so he got
convicted of putting his girlfriend
through a meat grinder and then he got
sent to a meat grinder to get out of
jail and he lived and he served his time
and now he's a free
man because karma sent him to a meat
grinder for putting his girlfriend
through a meat grinder and he lived so
now he's a free man he's a meat grinder
meat
grinder I mean it's
terrible but it's
weird all
right how do we stop World War I well
the first thing you need to know is that
whatever we know about what's happening
with Russia and Ukraine is not what the
people in charge know so I don't believe
we have useful information you we're
just guessing from tea leaves and Scat
on the ground but uh the experts
probably know who does what and who
knows what and what the what the spies
are saying and you know who's threatened
what and who's capable and who's
incompetent and who's sick and who's
crazy so the level of what they know
about the the world is so different that
predicting is ridiculous because we're
not using any real information we're
we're using information that's been
given to us which is intentionally fake
information
so um I do see it escalating but here's
my
take if you assume it's an economic War
which is what I assume and if you assume
that the people waging this economic War
economic war in the sense that we want
to sell weapons and we want to get
control of Russia's energy or get them
out of the energy business so we have
the market so it's economic in the sense
of selling weapons and protecting our
energy uh
industry
so under those
conditions if that's who is really in
charge the people who are just trying to
make money would they allow a nuclear
war like an actual World War II and I
think the answer is no because that
would be
uneconomical what's economical is a
forever war in Afghanistan a forever war
in Iraq a forever war in Ukraine that
always goes up to the level of using
heavy equipment but not to the level of
using anything nuclear because it
wouldn't make sense yeah Syria maybe
Lebanon maybe I don't know uh not
Lebanon
um never mind
uh why am I blanking on on uh Gaddafi's
country Gaddafi was Libya yeah not
Lebanon
Libya
um yeah growing the Empire is economical
growing the Empire is economical that's
true but the Americans are not trying to
grow the
Empire uh except controlling the energy
resources I suppose so
here's my prediction the people who have
the most control over what happens in
Ukraine do not want it to become a World
War II they want it to be largely the
way it is and a little bit more of the
way it is that would be the bit that's
if you're going to follow the money
that's what the money suggests if there
was
money in a nuclear war or World War II
we would absolutely have it but I don't
think any see is there's a way to make
money doing that doesn't make
sense yeah I think we won another
20-year War that's right I think every
war has to be 20 years
now we can treat our reality as
subjective and get good outcomes well
let's try
that Afghanistan was an occupation not a
war yeah I guess so all right if if you
haven't seen the uh Clips coming out
from my um conversation with Megan Kelly
there are quite a few clips and I I'll
recommend you to it because people say
it was awesome you could just Google my
name and her name it'll pop right
up uh a lot of a lot of people and even
the comments are saying it's great
interview I don't know why it was great
honestly cuz I I have this thing called
uh interview m
the moment I'm done with an interview
even if it's like an hour and a half
which is typical I don't remember a
thing I have complete Amnesia and then
somebody will say oh that was a good one
and I'll have to think really I don't
know I don't remember it I tell you I
remember the I remember the person and I
remember how I felt and I might remember
a sort of generally what topics were
covered but I remember specific things I
said so I don't have the same kind of
memory you have when when you watch
it uh somebody saying I had no pauses
before answering questions
well uh it probably helps that I do this
every
day and it I I think that what makes me
like a podcast or an
interview is how casual the people
talking are to me that tends to be the
most predictive part if if somebody's
just a talking ad and they've got to
sell something to their corporate bosses
and they're like well here's my prepared
speech which I've said seven times
already and let me say this yeah I'm
bored but if I see if you see Joe Rogan
for example when Joe Rogan is
interviewing people it's more like a
conversation so if you tune in and
you're like in the middle of a
conversation between a couple of smart
people that'll just glue you right there
but as soon as one of those is just like
you know ass suited you know puppet you
can tell in the
heartbeat you said Ukraine would
win no I
didn't what does win
mean you mean win as in conquer
Russia pretty sure I didn't say that no
I said Ukraine would not be
conquered which has not been
so one of my best
predictions but no I don't I don't know
what win would look like win is I think
your own word uh I'm just saying that
there would be difficult to conquer
which they
were did you know about Dr shiva's
lawsuit that showed a back
door I
mean I don't know if that's still
relevant under the musk
domain Wagner did not recruit murderers
well that one guy thinks he's a murderer
and he thinks they recruited
him yeah at times it look like they were
winning but there was no way to know
right do you think Russell br will go
harder at the bad guys now that he's
taking
heat I feel like he might might it might
be better to go through it than around
it you purchased your it's the first
book you ever bought well I hope you
read
it
um
best tactic is to go harder maybe
so uh j6 discussion oh
yeah
so I uh I tried to go on the spaces
feature on Ax yesterday and I was trying
to encourage anybody who believed that
January 6 was an actual
Insurrection to help me understand how
trespassing uh eventually leads to in
our nuclear Arsenal like how how did how
do you connect those dots and what I
found was that I couldn't get anybody to
even engage in the conversation I got
one guy who'd come on and just yell at
me uh for being a bad person that was it
I could not get anybody to even talk
about the concept unless they were
already agreeing with me in which case
there was no point to
it so
uh
yeah so you can see why the Democrats
need to get rid of free speech that one
question of how trespassing gets you
control of the nuclear uh Arsenal is the
end of the entire hoax so so far there's
always a tent pole hoax for every
election cycle so the tent pole hoax
that makes all the other hoaxes look
believable is that January 6 was an
Insurrection and that's what Trump
intended
now after he let's say he gets elected
and serves another four years and that
at the end of the four years he retires
because that's what people
do what are the Democrats going to say
if he just quietly retires after eight
years like Americans do are they going
to say well we were probably wrong
before he's not trying to be a dictator
or are they going say well he was
definitely trying to be a dictator
before but I guess he decided it didn't
work so he's not going to do
it all right Biden fedman for
2024 so what I found was that on X I
apparently have close to zero real
Democrat um
exposure I have only people who appear
to be just trolls like they don't seem
to be even engaged in real topics so how
did that
happen I I feel like it's
worse my experience on X is much better
because I don't have all the
criticism but I'm completely cut off
from anybody in half of the country they
have no exposure to my tweets even
accidentally I think because that they
certainly don't comment on them and even
when I do the spaces which I thought
would be opening it up to more people
people I feel like only my followers
even see the spaces being
advertised no there there's a twitch
streamer no yeah everybody bails out
when they think that they're going to
talk to somebody who knows what they're
you know has a good
argument I don't know if I'm Shadow Bann
or the algorithm just only delivers me
to people who might like me which ends
up being very
similar Does Elon following me matter I
don't
know all
right
uh are you still left to birdie that's
no fun that
question all
right that's all I got for today I'm
going to go uh do something else
and oh well I'm glad you like me I'm
sure I like you back you're awesome and
I think all of you are going to have a
wonderful time today if you haven't
already seen my book reframe your brain
it's the best book in the world
literally the most Improvement you could
have in your life with the least amount
of
work that's the way I like it all right
that's all for now I'll talk to you
later
YouTubers