um oh you thought the real Greg Gutfeld
was here well that's pretty funny did
you think I was actually gonna be
talking to the real live Greg Gutfeld or
did you think it was a trick and I was
just gonna hold up his book which is
excellent by the way and you should all
go out and buy it surprised he's really
here say hi hello everybody I'm on a
periscope let's got Adams I'm usually on
the other side watching you drinking my
coffee I always have the simultaneous
sip I do how many of you have the
simultaneous it because you know it
tastes better you know it does come on
I'll even have a third cup of coffee
because you have planted it in my head
that I should have another sip and I
don't have any more coffee so I well I
have a I could I have beer beer is okay
it's some it's beer time somewhere
relax yeah all right we're gonna we got
it we got our pictures now hi Sarah how
are you we got stuff to do here so I'll
talk to you later