bump bump bump bump bump bump oh that's
the sound of a simultaneous sip
approaching now those of you who are
just signing on you're wondering did he
just take a sip or is he about to take a
sip well you're in luck I have not taken
the simple I'm perched I'm ready I'm
prepared are you you should be it's time
for the simultaneous sip well it's a
slow news day and yet we've got plenty
to talk about because news like a vacuum
is always getting filled by some damn
thing so you probably all watched Sarah
Sanders deal with the the question in
the press conference which was a funny
question which is could she guarantee
that there will never be a tape of the
president saying of that bad word on
tape now here's a problem if somebody
asked you if you would ever be on the
tape you might be able to say with
confidence no there are no tapes of me
saying a bad word or anything else but
can you really say that somebody else
will never be caught with the tape it's
it's not really anything that anybody
can do you could say I see no reason
there would be a tape you could say that
would certainly would be the biggest
surprise in my life you could say if
anything like that happened I would be
insanely surprised because it's
completely contradictory with everything
I know you could say that but can
anybody guarantee what someone else has
said when you weren't there I know
think so I don't think so and here's
another I'll just put this out there and
let you deal with it let's say let's say
there was a word not the N word let's
say there was some other word that
became just as taboo so we're not
talking about the N word well I'm just
hypothetically let's say some other word
some other insult could be about a
different group doesn't matter let's say
there was some other word that you
absolutely should not say you should
never use this other word would you use
it in private with your friends if you
were with your your lover and you knew
it was a private conversation
and there was some word in the universe
that was absolutely taboo would you use
it in private with somebody you knew
wasn't going to you know talk about it
most of you probably would and is it
because you're hateful is it because
you're horrible people maybe some of you
might be but far more likely you're
gonna use it because you're not supposed
to that's sort of what makes it
irresistible now I can say and I will
say was certainly that I have never used
the N word in any kind of a insulting
way but is there anybody here who has
not privately had a conversation with
one person that you know really well in
which for example you're complaining
about the language used on songs
probably a lot of you have used it
privately to talk about the word itself
most of you probably the vast majority
I'd hope have never used it in anger or
used it in public or used it
the horrible way but let's let's be
honest words or words if there's a word
you're not supposed to say in public
you're probably gonna say it privately
even if you're not saying it in anger
you're just talking about it so let's
let's let's be a little bit adult about
the fact that it's common for people to
to say whatever they're not supposed to
say that's you know that's pretty pretty
common all right but don't ever use that
word
I'm deeply against it let's talk about
the so the 100 newspapers who are going
to run articles or opinion pieces
tomorrow on the topic of the president
calling the fake news the enemies of
people now have you noticed that there's
something I call this out on all the
time I called this out all the time I
say that if somebody's making you think
past the sale they're persuading you the
president does this all the time to
great effect but it happens somewhat
naturally in the headlines and you don't
really realize it's happening so let me
let me point out a few times that you're
being manipulated by being encouraged to
think past the sale okay
so there's a conversation a national
conversation will be more of it tomorrow
when the newspapers run their articles
and their opinion pieces about the
president is saying that the fake news
is the enemy of the people now of course
they will problem number one is that
they will change that into just the news
business or the press which is you know
he clarified that he was talking about
the fake news and probably should have
known that in context nobody really
complains about accurate news so here's
the thing
if you're having a conversation and by
the way if this surprises you you're
going to be mad at how manipulated
you've been if the conversation tomorrow
is this should a president call the
press or at least the fake news part of
the press the enemies of the people
should he do that is it appropriate for
the President to do that they have made
you think past the sale and the sale is
that it's not true right if you're
arguing about whether a president should
or should not say such things then
they've already made you think past the
sale that it's just not true because if
it's true that the press are saying
things that they know to be false and
they're damaging to the public should
the president knock all that out now
most of you are saying yeah yeah but
that's not what's happening but I'm
saying you have to first deal with the
original question is the press being the
end of the enemy of the people under the
specific condition that they're that
they're pushing fake news or they're
leaving out context which is the same
thing or they're presenting opinion as
if it's fact which they all do now to me
it seems that you're being manipulated
if they're making you deal with the
question I'm sure the president call it
out you've got to be able to deal with
the first question first
are they the enemy of the people if they
intentionally push fake news when CNN
puts Brennan and clapper on their
network and treats them like experts is
CNN being the enemy of the people well
it really depends if Brennan and clapper
are telling you the truth and if CNN
believes that they're telling the truth
thus the reason that they put them on
the air if they're telling you the truth
then I would say no CNN is CNN is not
the enemy of the people
and then once you've decided that you
can get to the second question which is
should a president say such things well
if it's not true it's probably bad that
he would say such things but if it's
true that the at least the fake news
part of the news if that's the enemy of
the people I absolutely want the
president to call that out you wouldn't
be doing his job if he didn't let me
give you some more examples we're having
a conversation about whether whether
Sarah Sanders can guarantee that there
will be no tape of the president using
the n-word what is that making you think
past it's making you think past the
question has he ever used the word
because if you're talking about whether
or not he is on recorded device you're
already thinking past did he use the
word you are being manipulated if you're
dealing with the question of is there a
tape that is pure manipulation it's
making you think past the question of
has he said it you know in any kind of a
context that could be recorded of course
in this context here's another one
I saw a headline on CNN that says the
white White House quote paranoia
deepens because of the Omarosa stuff so
the headline is the White House paranoia
deepens if you're asking yourself if the
paranoia deepened you have already
accepted that there's paranoia that
headline is just manipulation to make
you accept that there's paranoia and now
you're asking yourself well has it
deepened or is it the same old paranoia
they used to have pure manipulation okay
here's another one
we're talking about whether the
president should call Omarosa and
whether it's appropriate that a
president or anybody else would call our
morosa a dog if you are dealing with
that question have you not already
accepted that what she's done can't be
that bad
it is pure manipulation to make us focus
on the question of whether he should
call her a dog because the question
before that is how she does done
something so bad
that hard insult would make sense now in
my ranking of insults if I were to rank
insults from let's say the worst thing
you could say let's say the N word or
the C word you know things that are
clearly the worst things you could say
then down at the bottom would be the
least insulting thing you could say such
as well I don't think that person's got
enough experience right sort of an
insult but so mile nobody would care
about that that would just be true we're
not true but on the rank of serious
insults where is dog on my ranking dog
would be somewhere in the middle I don't
know dog would be somewhere around
calling somebody dumb or calling
somebody you know is certainly not as
bad as calling somebody a you know a
treasonous Putin puppet which would be
worse to be called a Putin puppet
or a dog I was in my and my world dog is
somewhere in the middle it's not the
worst thing you could say it's not the
best thing it's sort of average but the
real question is this let us not think
past it let's let's generalize the
question is there anybody who could ever
do anything so bad that if you called
them a dog it would be you know
appropriate let's say a mass murderer
let's say a terrorist could you call
Isis dogs would that be going too far
could you call you know a murderer let's
say a serial killer
could you call a racist a dog using
somebody's suggestion there
I don't think dog is the worst thing you
could say to somebody and certainly
there are people have done things worthy
of the insolence now that's the first
question so has a morosa done something
that would be worthy of a bad insult I'd
say yes I mean all the evidence strongly
suggests that she is doing something
truly hideous so his dog too strong and
insulting that really should should
somebody not call I saw a video of who
was it on Fox News who got pretty worked
up talking to Katrina blanking on his
name but his point was that there is no
situation there's nothing there isn't
there's no situation we're calling a
woman a dog could add address so ed
Henry talking to Katrina Pierson last
night Edie was quite insistent that
there would be no situation in which a
man could ever recall a woman a dog to
which I say no situation it's a you know
I get what you're saying calling a woman
a dog was pretty bad but are we saying
there's nothing you could do that would
earn you that insult nothing because
first of all you know I thought we're
supposed to be trying to treat everybody
the same and certainly the president
calls a lot of men dogs there was a
pretty long history people have been
printing that his other tweets where he
called a lot of adult white men dogs for
different offenses so should he really
not treat you know should he really not
treat Alrosa the way he's treating
everybody else would that be better
so seems to me the real question is did
she do something worthy of a strong
insult and I think unambiguously the
answer is yes even if the only thing you
looked at was as she recorded John Kelly
in the Situation Room if nothing else
was true and apparently she's got a
pretty bad record of being fired for
being terrible you know there's plenty
of history that would justify it an
insult all right so be careful of being
manipulated into thinking past the sale
decide first is the press the fake
breasts only the enemy of the people and
if they are absolutely the presidents
should call it out if they're not well
that would be pretty bad did yeah when I
just gave you the other examples no
reason to reiterate let's talk about
there was an article today that
scientists are questioning the
preliminary conclusions about the quote
Cuban embassy sonic weapon you remember
when there was reports that there might
be some kind of a secret sonic weapon
that was data damaging people's eardrums
and brains maybe at the Cuban embassy
and I said on day one mass hysteria
classic mass hysteria has all the looks
of a mass hysteria and of course I was
roundly criticized by people who said
come on scientists and doctors are
looking at these people how can it be
mass hysteria and today's article is
that scientists are pushing back and
saying you know we can't really find any
kind of sonic weapon going on here but
it's certainly starting to look like a
mass hysteria so how many people
predicted that me
now I suppose we could still find out
more and be surprised later but I think
if it were a sonic weapon we'd probably
I already know about that likewise if
there were any kind of a tape in
existence of the president using the
n-word how much would somebody pay for
that what how much well let me ask you
let's let's actually put a price on it
if there existed a tape of the president
using the n-word what would his critics
be willing to pay for that probably a
billion dollars probably a billion
dollars now maybe not one person but if
they did a GoFundMe and maybe they will
maybe they should do that maybe the
critics of the president should do a
GoFundMe and
see how high they can get the reward up
for that tape because there's some
there's some level you could get it to
where even the critics would say all
right there's no tape because if
you get it up to a billion dollars and
nobody collects yeah probably a million
dollars would be enough to know it
doesn't exist but if it got up to a
billion you know it could get up to a
billion dollars because it would be
worth it to the critics right remember
in the critics opinion President Trump
is the end of the world you know it's
it's the worst thing that's ever
happened
so certainly collectively they would be
willing to pool their money together
how about Tom Styer yeah that's a good
one if Tom Styer cares about this
country he will put up a 1 billion
dollar reward for that non-existent tape
if he cares if he doesn't care about the
country and it's all about money well I
guess he wouldn't make that offer would
he but he should make a 1 billion dollar
offer for that tape of course the the
downside is that then the the fake audio
recording people would create the tape
and nothing
but it would be a fake yeah somebody's
saying fake audio would be hard to
distinguish yeah I guess a billion
dollar reward would certainly cause some
fakes to pop up alright um yeah Bezos
he's got a few extra billion if it seems
like it's worth it maybe you should do
it hey I have a question for you
so Rasmussen is showing that black
support for the president has doubled up
to something like 30% now people
criticize Rasmussen for a leading right
but if you're just looking at the same
poll over time you could certainly at
least identify direction
so unless Rasmussen is just completely
making up numbers it's very much moving
in the right direction why is that do
you think it's entirely because of do
you think it's entirely because of the
economy let me see your guesses
somebody's saying the Kayne effect which
would be also the canvas Owens effect
let's give credit credit where credit is
due but don't you think it's also the
economy well I have another theory I
have another theory that immigration is
the the unspoken reason it seems to me
that you're watching you know let's say
you're an African American citizen
you're watching the news and you're
watching this president fight to control
immigration in a way that absolutely
makes a bigger difference to you than it
does to other people
I think immigration is a bigger deal to
the black community but they may not
want to vocalize that because it
probably wouldn't help them to vocalize
it so yeah it could be it could be
unemployment it could be it could be
personality too
you know the there may be just something
about Trump that is likable in his
fighting style maybe his you know there
there might be just something about the
fact that he never backs down that just
a sort of appealing it's hard to sort
out what it is about this president that
would make his it's also possible that
the left is overreaching meaning that
even the black community may be looking
at the criticisms and saying to
themselves I don't know I feel like
you've gone too far this time it feels
like why does he keep saying why does he
keep bragging about what he's done for
black unemployment if he doesn't like
black people why is one of the biggest
biggest what we need call the policy
initiatives in the administration prison
reform why is one of the biggest things
that the president is bragging about is
the encouraging private industry to do
more training who's that could help what
why why does the president bring you
know Darryl Scott Pastor Scott and black
pastors in to the White House do photo
ops and support their efforts for urban
redevelopment like why would he do that
if he is anything like what the
Democrats are claiming you know why
would he do that so I think maybe
there's just some waking up going on but
I have another theory I'm just going to
put this out there what I what I say
next is not based on any science or any
polls I'm just just something I'm
feeling it's based on observation and
don't put too much credibility on it
I'll just put it out there and see what
you say it seems to me that the the
Democrat brand is evolving more and more
toward female and that the Democratic
brand used to be pretty strongly around
helping African Americans because that
you know that was just big part of the
brand and President Clinton was that you
know they call them the first black
president so the the Democrats had a
pretty good brand image that just fit
with African Americans and then when
they got a black president who was a
Democrat it's like hey this is really
good to be good and then after eight
years they were expecting more I would
assume and what you saw is that the next
next candidate was a woman and most of
the candidates that we're talking about
on the left are women right when you
talk about who's going to run for
president
and you say well Biden might run what's
the first thing you think yeah he's a
man
when you say Bernie might run what's the
you know what's one of the first things
you think well he's a socialist but well
you also think I don't know if an old
white guy can can run against President
Trump and have a chance because I don't
know if he'd get enough support on his
own side so if you're an African
American and you're watching the
President of the United States do a
number of things which seem to be having
some effect on employment than
everything else he's saying the right
things you know it's in the sense of
he's you know he's you saying him you
know he's bragging literally about what
he's done for the
the black community who does that if
they're a racist what racists are
bragging what about what they've done
for the black community yeah so well and
here's another Omarosa observation that
one of the big criticisms you hearing of
the president and I think for both sides
at this point is people are saying why
did you hire her in the first place
what the hell is wrong with you
president Trump why did you hire a
Barossa if you knew who she was to which
I say if you're black and you're looking
at this story and you see that the
president gave amarosa four chances
something like that you know because
she's you know she got fired from The
Apprentice but was always asked back and
she got fired from the Clinton
administration a few times apparently
after all of that what did President
Trump do gave her another chance what is
President Trump talking about in public
he's talking about prison reform and how
does he talk about it he's talking about
they're Americans we give people a
second chance so if you're black and
you're looking at this Omarosa thing no
matter what you're thinking of what are
morosa you know is or did or said do you
hate President Trump for going the extra
mile and giving her a chance because
it's pretty clear that when he started
out he had been so maligned by his
opponents that the pool of
african-american candidates to be part
of the the White House staff was
probably pretty small wasn't it how many
people were african-american and
actually wanted to work for the White
House and had enough of a resume that
that it made sense there were plenty of
people who were qualified but how many
he said yeah let me join this team that
just been painted as a racist for the
past two years probably pretty thin
under those conditions is the president
and idiot for adding some diversity and
taking a chance on somebody who was a
little bit risky but he he thought he
could trust her
in retrospect you can say it was a
mistake because it didn't work out well
but how big a mistake is it is it always
a mistake to give someone a second
chance and then they disappoint you I
can tell you personally that I've given
many people second third fourth chances
how many times do they disappoint me
after giving them second third fourth
chances a lot right there's a reason
that people need a third chances because
they're not very reliable but I do it
anyway because if you can get one out of
four to maybe find a new path well then
you're part of making the world a little
bit better so I can't get mad at
somebody for giving somebody a second
chance now keep in mind that amarosa did
not have the nuclear codes she was given
a job that she could make a big
difference she could do things positive
but she probably couldn't ruin anything
right under those conditions did it
really not make any sense for him to try
to add some diversity to the white house
give a give an old friend another chance
I don't think that was a big mistake yes
it didn't work out well so you can call
it a mistake but at the time was it
stupid I don't know it looks like it was
something else yeah and he does reward
his supporters now people are starting
to criticize the president for maybe
being too loyal well I would argue that
if you're in his job
loyalty is pretty darn important I mean
if you look at the number of disloyal
people who have cycled through
you can't discount the importance of
loyalty and that kind of a job it's just
not the only thing all right dogs are
loyal somebody's saying oh the Catholic
Church scandal I'm getting a little bit
snowblind while the Catholic Church
pedophile scandals they all seem to fall
into the same pattern right there's not
much to say about them anymore it's like
well there's another one
you know I've I've said before that
whenever there's a situation where
people can do something terrible they
usually do now that doesn't mean every
person will do something terrible just
because they can but if you put a lot of
people in a situation where any one of
them can do something terrible and
they'll probably get away with it well
you end up with terrible things yeah so
I'm not too surprised yeah and even the
size of it I wish I could be surprised
but it's a situation that just invites
this and you know I there's a question
I've always had so how many of you have
asked this question because I've never
heard anybody discussed this because
it's so provocative but do you think
that people who have let's say pedophile
leanings do you think that they enter
the church for that reason do you think
there's any kind of a self filtering
going on or do you think it's just
something that you know if you've got 5%
of the population who is going to be
that way any large population is going
to create a lot of them yeah so a lot of
you are saying that you think people go
into that profession because they know
they have those leanings now that
doesn't mean that they have evil intent
it's entirely possible that they you
know they're religious and they think to
themselves hey I had these I have these
inclinations which would be unhealthy
maybe if I take this path I can just go
the the celibate route and stay away
from trouble it's possible that they're
doing it literally to stay away from
trouble but once they find themselves in
the situation it's just too easy to get
in trouble so it's hard to know what
they're thinking but I I have to think
there might be at least a little bit of
self filtering for people who decide to
go into that job but there's no way to
know
all right you go fishing where the fish
are somebody says well I have this
theory about male shoe salesmen it seems
to be that men who become shoe salesmen
of women's shoes
you know let's say specifically isn't it
more likely that they would have foot
fetishes than someone who did not
because you know the the economic theory
here is that they would be willing to
work for less they would put in more
work they would work overtime they try
harder to keep those jobs now I'm not
saying that all all men who sell women's
shoes in the shoe store have shoe
fetishes but don't you think that if you
could measure it somehow which you can't
don't you think there'd be a slightly
higher percentage of them just incentive
wise people are asking me I see some
people asking to talk about Greg Gutfeld
so yesterday I went to San Francisco and
Greg Gutfeld and I did an event he's
promoting his book the gut felt
monologues which I have read the only
book I've read this year true story I've
opened a lot of books and I've skimmed a
lot of books but his is actually the
only one I read
cover to cover and it's that good he's a
great writer so you should go out and
buy that book and so we had in the event
where I questioned him I asked questions
on stage in San Francisco at the
Commonwealth Club and it was a lot of
fun
okay how about used-car salesmen they
are usually sociopaths somebody says
well you know you probably do need some
kind of personality traits to be in a
job where screwing the customer is a
requirement of the job you know here's
something I personally couldn't do I
don't think I could say to a customer
let me take that to my manager you know
see if I can see if I can get you what
you want because the customer knows
you're lying to them right to their face
I don't think I could do that could you
lie to somebody right to their face when
they know you're lying and you're trying
to screw them and they know it I
couldn't do that I think you'd have to
be a little bit of a sociopath at least
a little bit keith Ellison yeah the
keith Ellison story tells you a lot
doesn't it so I'm usually not the one
not usually I'm always the one who says
that the whole hypocrisy thing is boring
and unpersuasive in fact I tweeted
something on that this morning an
article in a National Review so yes we
can point out that if keith Ellison had
been a Republican he would already be
you know drummed into retirement I think
that's true and we could also say that
the the media that's friendly to the
Democrats seemed to be sort of ignoring
it or at least not playing it up
I think they've reported it I'm sure
they've reported it but how much
emphasis they put on things is a
indication of their intentions so the
only thing we could say for now is that
he's accused of something in ways that
sound quite credible and that and that
so far he hasn't paid a price for it at
least him with the electorate but I
can't imagine him getting elected if he
does get elected I would say that's a
story but if he doesn't get elected then
I would say well okay the system worked
speaking of the system worked I want to
talk about kids and cages for a moment I
just want to put that in context I hate
to be the optimist in the room all the
time but we live in the world where
things go wrong and then we try to fix
them and we hope that we have a good
system for fixing things versus a bad
system and my take on this kids in cages
stuff is that it's something that
happened under the Obama era and there
was a reason for it because they they
they reasoned and I think most of you
would agree the keeping some kids and
cages for a temporary amount of time was
preferable to some percentage of those
same kids being raped and killed because
they were coming across the border with
traffickers who were pretending to be
parents so when it was a smallish
problem and somebody I think I've heard
90,000 people so it wasn't that small
but you know the press didn't notice it
or didn't care about it when when that
number of people got much larger the
press noticed maybe because their
anti-trump but maybe because it's bigger
maybe because they should have noticed
when Obama did it but they didn't but
for whatever reason when it got bigger
they noticed they raised the alarm the
public responded the public let its
feelings be known the government
responded and said oh yeah that is
let's try to do something but we can't
do it all right away there's an actual
reason that it's not fast and that
reason is it's hard to DNA test
everybody right away we have to get a
system working we need to have enough
beds we need to have enough people it
just took a while to get the resources
there well I think the the optimistic
view of this is that the system worked
perfectly to correct itself so the
problem was the kids being separated
which nobody liked nobody like that by
the way CNN reports that this is one of
my this is one of the reasons that it
makes you think that the press is the
enemy of the people
CNN reports it as if jeff sessions had
said something like that we decided to
separate parents from kids at the border
to to be a disincentive to immigration
he didn't say that
if you listen to the actual quote he's
talking about the zero tolerance change
yeah deterrent and he was asked if the
zero tolerance change was meant to be a
deterrent here's the corrects the
correct way Jeff Sessions should have
answered it had he seen the problem it
would have been hard to see in this trap
I think but if he had known what they
were gonna do with his answer here would
be the way to answer it Jeff Sessions is
the zero-tolerance policy meant as a
deterrent and of course a zero tolerance
policy created more children separated
from kids and kept in cages here's the
correct answer all laws are intended to
be deterrence that that's why you have
them you know that's it I mean there's
you also wish that you could maybe you
know it's a reason to put people in jail
and take them off the the streets so
laws do that too but there's no such
thing as a law that is not
intended to be a deterrent so when
somebody says is this law or
specifically this case is enforcing the
law meant to be a deterrent the correct
answer is you just called it a law what
do you think laws are there's no such
thing as a law that's not meant to be a
deterrent there's no such thing as
enforcing the law that's not meant to be
a deterrent of course now the
unfortunate side effects of enforcing
any law whether it's immigration or
anything else is what happens to the
family all bad right if a family member
goes to jail that's well I don't know if
it's always all bad but a lot of bad
happens when you enforce the law but do
you do it because you know if somebody
murders somebody do you put them in jail
because you want to punish the that
person's kid that's not why you do it
yeah that's you know art do you make a
law against murder because you're really
saying here's the better a better
version of that you're saying alright
the deterrent is will punish your kid
that's not why you make the law you
don't make the law because punishment of
your kid is the deterrent it's the law
itself the law itself is the deterrent
of course it's supposed to be that's the
point
your lack of history is showing somebody
says I'm open to be educated so if
there's something I don't know well let
me know is there some laws that were not
meant to be deterrents I would be
surprised by that yeah
Trump is talking at a rally about the
wall progress you know what here's how I
think you can get the wall the way you
get the wall is to say I'll take the
first 10% well let's say this here's a
way to get the wall
once a 25 billion but what has been what
is likely to be approved is more in the
nature of you know one or two billion a
year just for fixing up the wall so even
the Democrats would would approve of
fixing up the wall one or two billion a
year how do you get to twenty five
billion from one or two billion how
about this how about having a law that
says we're going to allocate twenty five
billion for budgeting purposes but we're
going to review it every four years
picket number whatever makes sense we're
going to review if building the wall
worked did it get us what we wanted what
we wanted now if it did not work we will
have the option of reassessing do we
build a different type of wall do we
change some procedures something like
that now if you were to make such a
compromise is it really a compromise
suppose you said let's agree a cost
twenty five billion and let's keep that
in our thinking because you don't want
to be surprised but let's do ten percent
of it and then assess before we decide
it's okay to spend the rest have you
compromised no you have not compromised
because that's the way everything is
done even if you didn't say you're going
to reassess it after 10 percent what
would you do you do per ten percent and
then you'd reassess it because you're
always reassessing there's no such thing
as doing ten percent of something that
you can measure and we certainly could
measure whether it's reducing
immigration in the places the wall
exists so I think the Trump
administration could say look let's
let's put a holder in the budget for the
twenty five billion but I agree with you
Democrats let's let's do what we can
let's find out if these improved wall
parts work if they do work let's do the
rest if they don't work let's not but I
I think the worry is that if you don't
approve the whole 25 billion then the
next administration or the next Congress
could come in and cut the funding right
is that what you're worried about
are you worried that the next Congress
could just cut the funding if we don't
get the whole 25 billion approved in the
first place because if you think that's
the problem oh my god really you think
that's the problem I was hoping you
wouldn't say that because here's reality
for you it doesn't matter what you say
today the Congress can still change it
tomorrow there's no there's no way you
can pass a law today that binds a future
Congress from changing the law
that doesn't exist so remember I've told
you that we have so many problems that
our psychological problems masquerading
as real problems the wall funding is
already solved why because no matter
what you agreed it would look exactly
the same you would do what you can with
the money that everybody agrees 1.8
billion or whatever it is and then you
would see how it does and if it works
of course you'd get more money because
it worked if it doesn't work or the
country decided in 4 years that it
doesn't like it
the Congress and the new President or
whoever's president would change the
policy you're not nobody can commit you
to spend that money over 10 years or 20
years or whatever and long it would take
to build a wall so if you believe that
Congress is trying to decide to fund the
wall or not on the wall give it 25
billion or not if you think there's any
disagreement happening you don't
understand how the world works there is
no situation no rational logical
possible potential way that ever could
approve 25 billion and be assured the
Congress in the future won't take it
away
what you the only certainty you have is
that if it works were more likely to do
more of what works and if the wall
doesn't work shouldn't we stop doing it
why would you be on why would you be in
favor of continuing to fund something
that we now know doesn't work I'm
speaking in absolutes
rather than likelihoods which part was
the absolute the absolute is that people
can change their minds and that our
government our system works that allows
us to change them I think that was the
only absolute right
was there another absolute if there is
call it out because I agree with the
general concept that if people are
talking in absolutes
yes no black and white usually they're
not the credible players right you
should be talking in likelihoods so the
likelihood that the funding would not be
cut if the wall didn't work is that a
clear sentence you know what I mean so
it's always an ongoing decision there's
no such thing as getting twenty five
billion dollars and spending it in one
year it's always going to be spread out
and it's always going to be let's see
how it works and then decide from there
could the 14th amendment be fixed no
expert on that can you can we watch
video of the Gutfeld interview maybe I
know it was filmed and recorded and will
be broadcast I don't have links but
probably will get something if I get
laying soul I'll provide them
did Trump wish happy birthday to the
leader of the Democratic Party Maxine
Waters oh by the way when I was talking
in the beginning of this periscope about
thinking past the sale and I said that
the president does this all the time
when the president called Maxine Waters
low IQ what did everybody start arguing
what was the argument when the president
called Maxine Waters low IQ what did it
what did the critics say they said
racist right racist racist racist what
did they not say what did people not say
about Maxine Waters that they didn't
they didn't say she's smart
[Laughter]
so here again President Trump made he
did two things he made he made the
entire public think past the sale the
sale is whether or not she's smart but
nobody was having that discussion it was
just taking I guess it was just taken as
a given well okay she's not smart but
should you say that and should you use
IQ because you know that sounds a little
sketchy so so the president has made
everybody argue about his choice of
words which is the level that he is
completely safe because he's always
using words that are provocative
tomorrow you'll forget this but you'll
remember you will remember something
about Maxine Waters intelligence that
you just sort of took as a as a given to
argue about whether the words about it
were right and now he's he's branding
her as the face or the leader of the I
won't say face I'll say the leader of
the Democrat Party which
who else is the leader of the can you
think of somebody else who would be the
leader nancy pelosi
and so so notice and by the way he's
doing it again
when he calls when he calls maxine
waters the leader of the democrat party
while he's doing is making you think
past the sale again right the sale is
issue one of the one of the leaders of
the party so if you're saying to
yourself now there's a Maxine Waters or
is it Schumer now is it is it Maxine
Waters the head of the party or is it is
it Bernie oh wait a minute
is Hillary's still the head of the park
now I think I think it's Keith Ellison
no he's not the head of the party so if
you're having that conversation in your
head is it fair to call her the head of
the party he's already persuaded you
that she's in the running and I think
that's reasonably fair she's a very
prominent you know she's worked her way
up through the ranks she has ranking I
think she has important positions in
Congress etc so that's your lesson for
the day
watch how often the president makes you
think past the sale to great effect
persuasion wise but also watch how the
media is trying to make you think past
the sale they're doing the same thing
and they're doing it very well so
persuasion wise it totally works but
just be aware of it when it's happening
to you
haven't heard from robert de niro since
he was called punchy
I think punchy dinero as far as probably
in my top three favorite trouble
nicknames by the way um so now we've
been watching Trump assigned nicknames
for what two and a half years two and a
half years of Trump assigning nicknames
name one nickname that anybody else
assigned this stuck you can think of a
few yeah you can think of a few that
that you remember but can you think of
any this stock is it is it completely an
accident that the people who were making
up nicknames against Republicans against
the president is it any accident that
all of his nicknames stick and none of
their nicknames stick remember I told
you this from the beginning that his
nicknames are not ordinary toilet brush
Adams it didn't stick as much as I
should have all right so when you see
how sticky his his insults are I think
you've then you know something okay
that's it for now I'm going to go do
other things and I will talk to you
later