[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
that's what it is we don't call it
colonizing with Scott Adams or coffee
with colonization but we could and if
you'd like to take it up to a level that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny human brains all you need is a cup
or mugger a glass a tanker CHS a Stein a
canteen suer flask a vessel of any kind
fill it with your liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure of the dopamine the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous siping it
happens right now
go oh yeah that's
good all right have you ever noticed
that a joke is funny just by
itself but then it gets funnier
depending on who tells the joke because
it's really about who tells it
so you probably saw the meme that
involved uh Joe Biden and ncy py walking
across the tarmac and it's real video of
them walking across the T tarmac but
somebody added the Visiting
Angels music and logos to
it and if you don't know what Visiting
Angels is it's the uh it's the nurses
that come uh work with the old
people now if you're familiar with that
commercial which has run a billion times
on at least Fox News uh it was pretty
hilarious but even though it's funny by
itself it's 10 times funnier when you
know that Trump reposted it on
truth I I will never want to have a
president who doesn't have a sense of
humor again I mean that was the best
thing about Reagan wasn't it he could
tell the joke but Trump is just flat out
funny he's he's just unambiguously flat
out funny and I don't know I appreciate
it well another news I like Vice media
is going out of business huh Vice media
is going out of business you know I'm
shocked because every time they wrote a
story about me it was so
accurate how much do you think I love
watching my enemies go out of
business do you know what have happened
to to me if I hadn't been
cancelled I would have gone out of
business with all the media that is
surely to go out of business pretty
soon but I'm doing fine and in case Vice
media would like to update anything
before they're completely in a business
you should know that uh as of yesterday
at least a verbal agreement I have
secured
a American source for the Dilbert
calendar for 2025
five so one year from my cancellation
I'm back in business and
the dilber calendar will be manufactured
with all American products for the first
time ever do you know why it was never
done before because the bastards who
used to run it told me it couldn't be
done yeah they said it couldn't be done
there was no way to do it in America not
only did I do it in America I did it in
Texas I'll tell you more about this um
as we finalize things but things are
looking great for me in case you
wondered I'm doing great all right uh
Bill Amman famous investor is uh
threatening to sue Business Insider for
what he says is defaming his lovely
wife and he's giving him a chance to
correct everything they said but you
know that's not going to happen so he's
going to sue him and apparently he has
the same he retained the same law from
the sued Fox News over the Dominion
voting
machines so Bill Amman he's a serious
he's a serious guy I guess you don't
want to go after his
wife imagine all the things that have
been said about him probably a lot right
and probably not all true probably
something that was
actionable but they go after his wife
who had nothing to do with anything and
he just went full barbarian on him he's
actually going to put him out of
business I think I think he'll actually
put him out of business and uh I'm I'm
here for it oh I'm so here for it I love
to watch him just defend his wife even
at the risk of putting an entire
business out of out of business yes yeah
because I think that the thing they did
to her you know based on my reading of
the situation it look like they deserve
to be out of
business that's my take so we'll see if
Justice
deserved um there's a woman I didn't
catch her name who did a ticktock video
video in which she has the best turn of
a
phrase um you know I love the reframes
when somebody takes a familiar situation
and just describes it in a more helpful
way well you might not like this
one so she says quote 150 years ago you
didn't have to ask permission from the
government to go fishing own a property
build on your property start a business
now you virtually can can't do anything
without asking for the government's
permission
first you're a free range human in a tax
Farm if you still think you're free
you're deluding yourself you're a Freer
range human in a tax
farm and we're
done if you think you can top that don't
don't even try don't even try that our
entire human experience has just been
explained and you cannot top it don't
try don't try I know you want to you're
like oh I can do that nope NOP you can't
beat it th this is everything you needed
to
know well meanwhile uh media Mogul Tyler
Perry has paused the building of what
would have been an $800 million
expansion to his studio in Atlanta and
he's doing it because he saw a
demonstration of AI and he said to
himself I'm not so sure I should put
$800 million into building a thing that
will be obsolete in the
week if you can just talk to your AI now
Tyler Perry may have been fooled by the
demos as many of us have been to imagine
that you could edit it to create movies
but we don't know how to do
that I I suppose we might
you know it it feels like it's solvable
but not immediately and using the tools
we already have so I think Tyler Perry's
business uh his business judgment has
has proven to be incredible right he's
one of the one of the more successful
entrepreneurs of all time so if he's
pausing his Studio I would definitely
pay attention to that because he's a
person who can read a room
all right
um I saw somebody complaining about
movies and the sex scenes and I wanted
to give you my list of uh six things
that I fast forward through in a movie
so when any of these six things happen
in the movie I just grab the remote and
say okay I don't need more of this so I
always fast forward through a love scene
or a sex scene they're both disgusting I
don't want to see two actors pretend to
make out because they're pretending to
be married because when a terrible thing
happens to one of them I'm supposed to
feel worse no I get it you're married
okay fast forward uh yes married people
have sex fast forward okay yeah you're
having sex I get it I'm not impressed
fast forward um so that's love and sex
scenes uh you already know that whenever
I see a guy tied to a chair could be a
woman usually a guy uh if I see somebody
tied to a chair I usually turn off the
movie
but if I'm really want to watch it like
it's a Reacher a Reacher I watch that so
I'll fast forward to that just so I can
get to the good
stuff um I also fast forward through car
chases not impressed fight
scenes how many fight scenes have you
seen do you need to see another one I
fast forward through all fight scenes
now I no interest at
all um I also fast forward through the
final battle that's always in a large
industrial
complex if it's toward the end of the
movie and your hero enters a large
industrial complex sometimes unspecified
what it is and he's going to have a
final battle in there fast forward fast
forward um I believe I've seen movies
that had a final battle in a large
industrial complex fast forward and then
lastly um I usually go through the
entire First
Act It's Not Unusual for me to fast
forward the entire First Act because
usually it's showing somebody's
suffering right the First Act is oh I'm
in jail and now I'm pounding rocks and
now I'm still pounding rocks but they're
hitting me with a whip oh I sure hope I
get out of this jail in the second act
well I know you're going to get out of
the jail in the second act I don't need
to see how many rocks you pound I don't
need to know how many times they whip
you I don't need to know how many times
they give you a crust of bread and it's
the only food you have fast forward fast
forward fast
forward so if you could make some movies
and don't have any of that stuff I'd
really appreciate it Mike Julie uh Rudy
Giuliani is uh going through bankruptcy
because of his many lawsuits Etc and it
made me wonder has anybody compiled the
full list of conservatives who have been
destroyed simply by being part of the
political
process so let's see you got your Mike
Lindell you got your Roseanne you got
your Alex Jones you got me you've got
Trump who's getting the naal treatment I
saw article by Joel poock and
Breitbart would you agree that that's a
perfect analogy
Putin puts naol in
jail forever you know whether he dies or
you know dies of old age or something
else and right in front of us the
Democrats are pring trying to put Trump
in jail on Trump tub charges uh forever
he would be in jail
forever if they got their way um how
about Peter
Navaro going to jail how about Tucker
Carlson lost his job how about the libs
of Tik tock
uh I think they just lost their banking
Processing Company what about Katherine
herriage who just got uh removed from
CBS and by the way if you don't know
that
story somebody said she was working on
the hunter laptop
story do you mean
still or do I have the past and the
current conflated was she currently
working on a laptop story about maybe
how it came about but but anyway she was
uh fired with a a bunch of other people
were fired from CBS News we don't
believe she was fired for the same
reasons the other ones were fired for
economic
reasons and um but people suspect she
was fired because her reporting was
getting too close to the truth is what
people say I guess Katherine harage is
not saying much about it she's being
kind of
quiet
um but uh I saw
basically everybody who knows anything
about the news business says they've
seen lots of people get
cancelled but um or fired but they've
never seen anybody have their files
confiscated so it looks like it's about
getting after her sources which means
that the government would be working
with CVS to make this happen so it's
exactly what it looks like my theme for
today is everything is exactly what it
looks
like everything is exactly what it looks
like I'll give you more examples the J
Sixers about all the January
Sixers um I would love to see a list of
all the people who have been hunted
Andor
destroyed um in politics and I wonder if
there's a similar list on the
left are there people on the left who
entered politics simply gave their
opinions maybe didn't like them but then
their lives were just
destroyed well there were attempts yeah
they attempted to get broken but he he
live Al franken's a good example yeah I
thought the Al Franken thing was
illegitimate
Cuomo I don't know probably
Cuomo yeah I said Alex Jones Sage Steel
I don't know who that
is oh uh pabic well so Jack pabic pabic
he's he's getting it today so we'll get
to him
anyway um so Google is apparently
rigging the 2024 election right in front
of us uh there's a report from all
sides uh that's an organization all
sides and they looked at Google news and
they said the bias has gotten even more
pronounced lately and now 63% of
Articles came from media Outlets that
all sides race says uh lean left or left
uh but how many how many of the stories
that were carried on Google News came
from the right the political
right
6%
6% now would you say it's fair to say
based on everything we know because
there was a professor whose name was
Epstein coincidently do I have that
right there was a professor repin who
did a study and found that you know
based on your Google Google searches it
absolutely will change your
vote now that's a real thing right
Robert Epstein yeah so we know for sure
well we know from a researcher who
tested it that you can change people's
votes by what they
see and if they're only seeing 6% of
things from the right one assumes that
that is just uh rigging the
vote now is it illegal probably not I
don't think so but does it have the
effect of rigging the election of course
it does now do you think that anybody
needs to rig the actual counting of the
vote if they can rig the media and the
answer is no if you can rig the media
you can get any result you want because
the media tells people how to vote and
then they go do
it um I saw another uh graphic today
that something like 90 5% of all
employees of the high-tech companies the
biggest ones are uh donating to
Democrats how did that happen how how
did 95% of all the people in the the
biggest tech companies how do they end
up all being
Democrat like what causes that huh let's
see what happens to Highly Educated
people before they get jobs let's see
they're born probably somewhat normal
you know maybe a mix of left and right
leaning people but by the time something
happens there's something happens
between their birth and taking the job
that turns them into wild leftist crazy
people could it be
College yeah of course it is do you know
why it
works are there any all men's colleges
is that a thing has anybody heard of any
all men's colleges do those exist I've
never heard of one is there are there
all women
colleges are there still any women
colleges a few I think most of them went
coed though didn't
they um I thought even the women's
colleges went a little bit
co-ed well here's my
hypothesis if you put men and women
together and the men are horny and the
women are at that age where the the men
won't those
women that the women will have the
biggest social impact because the men
are just going to conform
to to to succeed socially let's just put
it that way so it seems to me that uh if
they were all male colleges you wouldn't
have this I think it has something to do
with the mix of uh boys and girls and
the reason I say that
is I saw a post today that a high school
teacher said that all the girls in high
school are buyer trans they're they're
all they're all some you know
non-standard sexual
preference and
and what I'm told is that at least
locally uh the boys are not woke at all
and the girls are all changing their
genders their gender
assignments so there's a huge difference
between how the boys are handling the
woke world and how the girls are and the
girls are are running at it hard and the
boys are rejecting it for the most part
now of course you'll find some
exceptions in both cases but largely
it's a it's a
female kind of
phenomenon I have a theory that uh birth
control has turned uh the women who are
on birth control into a zombie
army um who can't find satisfaction in
let's say some hisor hisorical
family kind of a mode and you know
although they may be working and
successful in the financial way it seems
that something fundamental has changed
women and the problem is that if the
same thing had happened to men we would
just shout them down and marginalize
them and not care what they said because
that's how we treat men but if women by
some large percentage and it doesn't
have to even be uh over half if they
start complaining men don't really push
back because we're trained not to so we
don't trust we don't push back the same
way anyway so I think that part of the
problem is that we have a you know maybe
a zombified
chemically uh mutated group of women who
we can't talk to honestly because we
don't have that kind of civilization we
just can't talk honestly to women
it's too much of a it's too much of a
problem anyway so my theory is that uh
it's women in college who can't be
reasoned with who are on birth control
and possibly have been turned into
zombies so it's sort of a zombie
apocalypse uh
frame I'm just watching the comments to
see how many of you are going to
disagree I've not seen any disagreement
to
that which I wasn't expecting is there
no
disagreement uh I'm literally seeing
nobody saying any
anything wrong with that interpretation
of
reality okay
yeah anyway uh 42% of us
adults uh well anyway the the Google
rigging the 2024 election by the fact
that their search results lean in One
Direction heavily um that's exactly what
it looks like it's exactly what it looks
like I don't think there's any mystery
to it at all it's that elections are sub
elections are Downstream from
media I'll just borrow Andrew
breitbart's framing elections are
Downstream from media if you rig the
media you're done does anybody disagree
with that elections are Downstream from
whatever the media tells you to think so
if you rig the media you don't really
need to rig the election you know unless
something weird happens do you know what
was the one situation you can't rig the
media if you get a
Trump trump broke the rigging of the
media because he got too much attention
without being part of their proper
framework so he was the anomaly of all
anomalies and then being pushed over the
true social social had the weird effect
of shutting him up which has even
weirder effect of making him more
popular now of course he's not
completely shut up but would you agree
that Trump is
acting way more
presidential than he did
before meaning that he seems to be just
going for things that make sense and you
know just standard things and even
things he said before that sounded
outrageous now just sound normal so
where before people were mocking him for
wanting to build a wall and close the
border
that doesn't sound extreme at all it's
basically exactly what Biden's trying to
do right now so some of it is because uh
we caught up to Trump and the things he
said don't sound radical because now
they just sound smart uh and part of it
is he's just being a little more subdued
because I think he's getting excellent
advice and he's taking it so I don't
know who his current advisers are but
they're doing a good job I feel don't
you I feel like who whoever his inner
circle is at the
moment are are making a difference it
feels like so it's just something you
feel from the
outside so Biden thinks he's going to do
an executive order on the border and um
let's see what would that do it would
allow him to deny immigration for anyone
deemed quote detrimental to the interest
of the United States because apparently
the 19 52 immigration and National
nationality act gives him that power so
with one stroke of the pen he can decide
who is detrimental to the interest of
the United States and just ban them or
send them back now here's why this is
interesting we're going to find out who
runs the country now because if we know
Biden wants to do this if he wants to do
it and then he does it and then it
works you might conclude that at least
for a while he's in charge of the
country but I'm going to go with the
opposite I'm going to predict that it
doesn't
work now maybe it doesn't work because
he doesn't do it maybe he doesn't do it
the right way maybe he does half of what
he said he'd do maybe he does it but it
doesn't get implemented maybe it gets
implemented but it doesn't work and what
I'm going to say is I don't believe he
runs the country so I don't believe he
will be allowed to stop immigration
because the best working Assumption of
why the border is open in the first
place and and this will be just my
working
assumption I can't prove it it's just it
looks exactly like it that our CIAA must
be um partnering with the
cartels and we're both getting something
out of this it looks like maybe what
we're getting getting out of it is
control of the Mexican Government
because you would need the cartels to do
that it looks like what we're getting
out of it is maybe uh protecting any
American Manufacturing in Mexico do you
remember the story about the American
manufacturing um plant in Mexico that
was attacked by the
cartels I
don't never heard of it have you how
could all those American manufacturing
companies be down there and you've never
heard one story not one story of having
a problem with a cartel huh huh so
you've got big manufacturing down there
that would be valued at billions and
billions of
dollars to me it looks like we're
letting we the CIA to me it looks like
the CIA is allowing the cartel to earn
the same way they allow the mafia to
earn because they use them for their own
dirty work and they don't want to lose
that asset it's too important and sure
they don't like that there are massive
over overdoses and sure they don't like
that there's uh illegal immigration but
that's how the cartel makes money and if
they make the cartel stop making money
then the cartel is going to attack the
businesses presumably the American
businesses in Mexico and they're not
going to help us control the government
of
Mexico so I think that there's just a
deal now what else could it be you you
tell me that you could explain what
we've been seeing for decades unless
it's
that uh there's no other interpretation
that explains everything you see every
other interpretation leaves you a
mystery but if you assume that the CIA
is acting like they've always
acted which is the most reasonable
assumption that anybody who's always
acted a certain way is continuing to act
a certain way like why would you even
question question that that's not
happening it would be it would be an
insanely unlikely
situation if the entity that always acts
that way in exactly these
situations is not this one time what
it's even the country that's closest to
us the most important one and and that
would be the one time the CIA doesn't
try to dominate it in part by partnering
with the dangerous elements
it would be the only time it didn't
happen if it's not happening so I'm
going to go with what I call the working
assumption I have no proof that any of
that is the case none at all not even a
whiff but the working assumption is
that's what's
happening right my working assumption is
that our elections couldn't possibly be
um fair and not
rigged I don't have evidence that you
know I personally have a strong faith
in but if we have a system in which well
let me give you uh some numbers so
rasmuson did a poll asking people if
they trust the uh elections and more
than half of them said they're worried
about the credibility of the election
let me get the actual number
here
um I think it was like 52% according to
rasmuson said that the elections were
not uh something that we're secure
enough
now if over half of the public thinks
your elections are not credible and your
entire system depends on people thinking
the election is credible and here's
here's the key part you know exactly how
to fix it and you
don't for
decades what does that mean it means
exactly what you thinking
means again I don't have proof but my
working assumption is there's literally
only one way to explain what we
observe the only way to explain it is
that the system is designed for
cheating it's designed to cheat that's
why you have the massive mail and vot
designed to
cheat that's why you have
machines because you can't audit them as
easily now do I know that for sure I
don't so don't sue me for defamation
because I don't have any evidence and
I'm not claiming I do I'm saying that
from the
outside the only reasonable working
assumption is that it's designed for
cheating because we can show with no
doubt whatsoever that the public does
not believe they're
credible that's very easy to demonstrate
and being credible is would you would
think be the most important thing
if it were even intended to be a fair
election
system all right
um here's the hoax of the day uh how
many times have you seen a conservative
say something that was a joke and then
the Liberals turned it into that's no
joke you really meant that well it's
happening again remember I told you if
you only know what happened you don't
know
anything but if you know the people in
involved well you probably know
everything here's an
example uh
mediaite is reporting that Jack bobic uh
said at the CPAC that he wants to end
Dem democracy and uh finish the job that
started on January
6 now did he say that yes yes he
did so if he only knew what he said what
would you
know nothing you need to know who said
said it and you need to know who said
who reported it mediaite is a hoax
creating entity they pretty much only do
lies about conservatives so if you read
it first in
mediaite your working assumption should
be it's not true something taken out of
context now here's the second one if
you'd never heard of this person Jack
bovic and then you heard he said this
what would you think of him you say my
God I don't know who this guy is but he
looks like he wants to overthrow
democracy in the United States he said
so
himself but if you do know who he
is you know that the last thing in the
world he would he would you know
seriously suggest is an end to
democracy it's literally the last thing
yeah so
again if you don't know who is involved
you don't you don't understand what's
going on yeah there's a hoax Creator
saying something and then there's a
famous political
Joker who's not he's not only a joker
but if you don't follow Jack's um feed
on X you're missing a lot of good jokes
he's literally one of the most
famous um humorists who's you know also
a serious commentator on the news but
he's one of the funniest ones maybe the
funniest one right he's basically you
know he's bordering on John Stewart for
conservatives now if you
were if you were uh not familiar with
him and that was not included in the
story that he's not just sometimes funny
but it's his
brand he he's funny all the time like
every single day his x- feed will have
jokes in it in addition to serious
things very trump-like in his mixing of
the jokes and the and the serious stuff
all right well apparently we landed on
the
moon how many of you think we didn't
land on the moon there's a private
company called intuitive machines and
they built a little lunar craft and
apparently is
successfully reached the moon I don't
know if it's working but it reached the
moon so well I think they did I think
they're on moon the only thing I want to
add to the
story is if they waited one year they
could put a robot up there and kept it
there just think about it so there will
be lots more trips to the moon so moon
base has to happen before the Mars base
do you all know that do you know that a
Mars a moon base is sort of a necessary
step to have a Mars base that I think
Elon mus says that I assume it's because
you got you have to get enough material
into space and then from there you maybe
it's resupply or whatever it is for
Mars but correct me if I'm
wrong we now have the technology let's
say in one year that we could uh just
drop a bunch of robots on the moon and
uh as long as they had a solar power to
recharge wouldn't they just keep going
until they
broke couldn't they just build stuff and
you know just just do anything they
wanted battery
fires more severe temperatures and
radiation exposure but we put the lunar
lander up there it if we put lunar
explorers up there and they explore for
what years
right so I mean I think your robot would
last a
year yes I'm saying that you you put
more than one robot so some of the
robots can repair the other robots
that's right so some of them would be
repairers and
Builders anyway but I guess the amazing
thing is that we're actually there where
you you're actually alive when we can
put a robot on the
Moon I mean I I can't I can barely hold
that in my head that is so
mind-blowingly insane and here's the
other
possibility what if the robots you know
let's say we send a few robots up and it
looks good
what would we do next send more humans
or send more
robots I think we would send robots the
last thing we want is a bunch of humans
on the moon if you can do it with robots
now when the robots are done when the
robots are done they might have a little
you know place that a human could go
without
dying but yeah and of course there'll be
you know sprinklings of humans here
there but I feel like it's going to be a
robot plant
Planet it will be the first robot
Planet it will be the first planet well
Moon it'll be the first uh entity up
there that is has 100% robot population
it would only take one
robot but oh man I I I guess I just
can't stop being blown away by what's
going to happen with robots and
planets here's a story I don't believe
is
true there's something wrong with this
but Rachel Stewart posted that the new
Washington State envelopes for mail-in
ballots and and she shows a photo which
was based on an actual photograph of a
ballot uh never had to disclose my party
Declaration on the outside of my
ballot wait
what you have to put your party
designation on the outside of your
ballot that can't be true
that can't be
true is it I need a fact check on that
yeah it sounds fishy doesn't it is that
not maybe there's an ounter an ounter
envelope it goes
into or is it just for the oh maybe just
for the
primary in which case it wouldn't
matter I don't
know party designation is on the outside
of my California ballot somebody just
said it's an internal envelope
okay let's say it's an internal envelope
and the external is what you mail it in
somebody opens it
up do they count it the moment they open
it or are there people who open them and
people who count
them because if I were to organize it I
would have openers who would be separate
from
counters yeah asum seems like it'd be
really easy to accidentally lose some
ballots if there's any time before
they're counted that you can identify a
big pile of them that are going to go
One
Direction yeah so I I feel like there's
a detail missing in this and yet it's
still alarming so let's just say we
don't know what's going on
there
um Trump apparently has uh made a
statement about
homeschooling he came out strong
supporting homeschooling and he proposed
a tax credit of 10,000 per child to be
homeschooled what do you think of that
would 10,000 get you
there get you
close I love that idea I love that
idea here's here's my take about public
school if you randomly take 20 people
chosen from the public let's say young
people how many of them are going to be
bullies and narcissistic
abusers at least one at least
one if you have only one bully and a
narcissistic abuser in a group of 20
people how will the other 19
fair not well it only takes one it's
like one in 20 can just you know destroy
an entire
situation um
but every public school has at least one
in
20 I think the public schools are where
you send kids to be
destroyed again look at the
design the design is this I'm going to
send you where there's guaranteed
bullies and
narcissists and they're going to do
terrible things to you also you might
learn
things on paper that can't
work now why did it ever work
work probably because it was before
social media and probably before it was
before a lot of diversity so diversity
gives you more things to bully about
unfortunately I'm Pro diversity I like
diversity but it does create you know
more avenues for attack if you don't
like what the other is
doing so I think it's it's close to
child abuse to send a kid into that
environment with that many bullies
but if you don't have a
choice you're going to do what you got
to do so giving people a choice of not
having their children destroyed by
bullying seems like a real strong
play and I would also think that this
goes a long way toward
reparations now Trump would be smart
enough not to call it that but I've been
saying for a long time that what
reparations should look like is the fix
the only thing you can fix which is the
schools and specifically if black kids
want to do better they're going to have
to get out of the public school there's
no way around it so my idea of
reparations is fixing
schools and you have to fix everybody's
school at the same time because if you
want Equity but you also want
reparations fix everybody's
school then you got
reparations because that's the thing
that will make the most difference later
in their lives um but it's also equity
which is what you also wanted it just
means that other people get the same
benefits of having a safer better
school all right
um uh so and and does it again I'm gonna
say whoever is advising Trump is just
nailing it right now uh he hasn't done
anything lately that I wouldn't have
advised him to do exactly the same he's
quieted down his
hyperbole right he he's talking a lot
about uh Biden's age totally appropriate
and now he's going after homeschooling
which I think really really gets people
right right where you need to get them
it it feels like
vake it feels like you can almost feel
it and I'm GNA say again
that there's something magic about V and
Trump and I think the magic happens
because Trump understands who V
is and they're completely on the same
team of you know Team America and I
think that they understand each other's
strengths and weaknesses because they're
both unusual
characters and I know a lot of you said
that Trump wouldn't be able to
handle you know vake
being the smartest person in the room I
think you're totally wrong I think
that's what makes Trump special is that
he would do the opposite he would
recognize what he had and he would
completely take advantage of an asset
that's that
valuable Trump knows what an asset value
is even if he tells his bank something
else all
right uh we're still mocking Google's AI
called Gemini for for showing that there
are no white people in history only
black people and being generally so woke
that it's ridiculous they wisely pulled
back I'm going to give Google more
credit than you
are yeah there there's a certain
behavior that I I kind of look to and
it's not whether you made
mistakes certainly Gemini was a huge
mistake because it was anti-white that's
a pretty big mistake but
to be fair when the mistake was pointed
out they pulled
it they they pulled
it now I think that was exactly the
right move now if they fix it then you
saw the system work the way it should
work they tried something it wasn't
right that's natural they saw the
complaints they
adjusted maybe it'll be better I doubt
it I mean it seems unlikely uh but
so far that's the right thing to do so I
don't like to be the one who who says
you made a mistake blah blah blah jump
on you making a mistake is pretty basic
human behavior and corporate Behavior I
just I just can't judge people on a
mistake but you can certainly judge oh
don't get ahead of
me but only if it is a
mistake if it's not a mistake I'm going
to judge the out of you yeah and
honestly it doesn't look like a
mistake are we on the same page now it
doesn't look like a mistake to me no it
looks like a very long pattern of doing
exactly this it's just they got caught
and and I don't mean to say that they
meant to erase white people in history
there's no way they meant
that but they certainly created a tool
that would go too far and I doubt that's
the one area would go too far because
their Google search results are already
so insanely biased that you can't
imagine the AI would be anything else so
I would look at the design did Google
designed their AI to be a neutral
Arbiter of the truth no no it wasn't
designed to give you the truth it was
designed to give you the narrative that
Google thinks is the appropriate
one uh there's a uh video of a crazy
white lady who may be Irish or Scottish
or something and she's T I guess she was
the head of or is the founder of
Google's AI responsibility initiative
but here's the funniest thing I'm going
to tell you her actual
name and I'm not making this up it's her
actual name and she's in charge of or
she's the founder of Google's AI
responsibility initiative her first name
is Jen her last name is j a spelled g
NN
AI so the company that is generating
AI wanted somebody to look at it named J
AI I don't
know it's just
weird but anyway she uh openly uh as
Matt Walsh and I think Elan musk also
noticed she openly said that she would
treat white people differently and
disadvantage them and that that was
certainly a good thing to do so it's not
an
accident uh Google is an anti-white
company their feelings about Trump are
primarily emanating from an anti-white
perspective and it's not really hidden
and it's exactly what it looks like
that's exactly what it looks
like Biden's white but he's not in
charge of
anything all right
um
so uh this was funny um so Google is
going to buy redit data to train
sayi has anybody ever spend time on
Reddit does it worry you that Google
would use Reddit
data well as a uh was it I'm forget
forgetting your name
Bindu
ready it's a woman who says a lot about
AI on do I have the right
name do you remember that name anybody
all right well I might be getting your
name right I think Bindu is in there um
but she made a funny comment she said
that Google spend 60 million to buy the
data from Reddit but they're going to
spend at least that much to get rid of
the data from Reddit because the last
thing the Google AI is going to be able
to do is to say things that they say on
Reddit am I right now that is
funny that is funny that they will spend
more erasing the data that they bought
then they will spend on the data because
they couldn't possibly use the Reddit
data if their AI learns anything from
Reddit you're going to have to shoot
it it's bad enough that is too woke you
know but maybe we can like work with
that and remediate it but but if you
made their AI uh you know copy any kind
of the patterns that about a
Reddit you might have to unplug
it all
right
um there's a fellow named Sean Maguire
who used to work at Google the reason he
doesn't anymore is because they said
they wouldn't promote him because he's
white
now you might say to yourself
Scott if there's a white guy who used to
work at Google and they said directly
and by the way he gave you the exact
quote they say directly they won't
provote you because you're
white and they'll even say you're a star
performer but you know you're white uh
you should probably go somewhere
else have I ever given that advice
before you should get the F away and go
go somewhere else so apparently he did
leave so he left Google because they
wouldn't promote white people and he
built a company and sold it for a
billion
dollars so it worked out does that sound
familiar it's my experience yeah I was
working at a bank and they said directly
they they didn't hint my bosses said
directly we can't promote you CU you're
a white guy so I left went to the phone
company
and got on the FASTT track to management
and then my boss called me in one day
and said can't promote you because
you're a white guy and that's when
dilbur started so I started it while I
was still working
now uh Shan Maguire is the same model uh
Corporate America locked him out he went
he made some money and then after he
made enough money that he had something
like free speech again he said what he
needed to say
sound familiar now if you're
black um or probably just about anything
but a white man you're saying to
yourself
Scott if this has been going on for over
40 years if as you claim every single
Corporation Scott you fool if you're
saying every single Corporation has been
discriminating blatantly against white
men for 40 years and we ever heard about
it how do you explain that Scott how do
you explain
that
easily did you did you go through the
pandemic have you heard of climate
change you can always get people to shut
up and say what you want them to say if
money's involved and money was involved
so for both Sean Maguire and for me when
we were working for corporations we kept
our mouth shut then once we left we
bought our Free Speech back and then we
talked
now I would give you that there are 40
million Witnesses who will back my story
I don't know the real number but maybe
30 or 40 million white guys who had the
same experience if you if you don't
believe me let me ask you in the
comments white men how many of you had
that exact experience but did not go
public about it and did not sue your
employer but rather sucked it up and
left stream of
yeses stream of yeses now if you're a
black man in
America what are you thinking right
now if you've never if you've never been
exposed to this what are you thinking
about this do you think they're all
lying because because I've actually been
told that I've been told it's not true
and I'm just lying and I don't have any
sources my sources are every white man
in America you could you could literally
go out in the street just see a white
man who looks like he's been around a
while you know pick somebody who's like
50 or 60 just tap him on the shoulder
and say hey do you work for a big
company if they say yes ask them if
they've seen any discrimination or had
it themselves against white men it's
100% there won't be anybody who says no
none now if that's a big surprise to you
well
surprise um surprise surprise
so yes Google um is exactly what you
think it was it's an anti-white company
and one of the biggest companies in the
world it's just anti-white it's very
expressly anti-white anti-white male and
uh they don't hide it the training
involves it the Dei says it directly and
the search results prove it and the AI
proves it even harder it's exactly what
you think it is
yeah
all right uh but at least our justice
system is working
great oh maybe not I'd like to read a
little uh thing from Jesse Waters um
this was on X he said the same
prosecutor who got busted for cooking up
Hunter's sweetheart deal oh if if we
knew that the prosecutor is the one who
tried to get away with that sweetheart
deal for Hunter you'd automatically
think they were crooked right
when you automatically think oh that's
crooked all right well remember I told
you that if you know what is happening
you don't know anything but if you know
who is involved you know everything so
now you know that before I tell you the
rest of the story that the who is
involved is a prosecutor
who got in trouble and it was reversed
for doing a ridiculous Hunter Biden
sweetheart deal which would suggest that
the prosecutor is not acting let's say
independently for the benefit of the
country that there's some other impulse
going on there all right so now that we
know who it
is um this is the same person who
uh uh arrested the alleged FBI informant
who was really a Russian agent they say
and no longer the highly credible source
that he had been for many many years
according to the FBI and according to uh
you know Jamie Rasin and other Democrats
and it was that uh FBI informant who got
arrested who was the one who was saying
that Joe and Hunter were taking bribes
from
Ukraine
H
um
so let's uh let's review our Russian
hoaxes I created a new list of the RX
hoaxes
let's see if that made it onto
this uh Russian
hoaxes all
right so uh here are nine Russian hoaxes
there's the original Russia collusion
hoax there's the Russian bounties on
American soldiers there's a hunter
laptop with Russian disinformation
there's a trump responsible for naval's
death there's Trump invited Russia to
attack NATO if NATO doesn't pay its
bills there's the FBI informant that's
this story for the Biden uh the FBI
informant was you know not credible uh
there's the Putin blew up his own
pipeline hoax there's the uh Trump must
have some kind of love affair with Putin
uh otherwise why would be so good to him
and then I didn't know about this one
but
um researcher scientist Peter Hotes
thinks that Russia was behind the antix
movement all right so now that you know
the context that the Democrats use
serial Russia related hoaxes and it
makes sense because it does two things
it's anti-russia that's good but then
it's also you know anti-republican
all right
um so what what would you think of the
story of the the alleged FBI informant
who uh was right until this last story
that he was just all Russia collusion
wrong about um what would you think of
it if you knew that the prosecutor who
arrested
him was just a straight down the middle
maybe even a
republican what would you think of it
you might think it wasn't
suspicious because you wouldn't have any
suspicion about the prosecutor so You'
say well they probably just found some
real stuff doesn't mean it's true but
you'd think well at least the prosec is
and lying but when the prosecutor has
done something as visible and public as
the hunter sweetheart
deal and then that same
person conveniently arrests the best
witness against Biden if true that's a
lot to that's a lot to assume as an
accident right so my working assumption
is that it's exactly what it looks like
and that um the Russian informant may
have had accurate information don't know
but it's my working assumption that they
would not have had this particular
prosecutor um I realized he was probably
in the job that you know was responsible
but still it's so dirty looking that you
just have to go with a working
assumption that it's exactly what it
looks like a rigged election
again uh Brendan Carr of the FCC says uh
the FCC just ordered every broadcaster
to start posting the race and gender
scorecard of the demographics of their
their
Workforce
um that's really really
racist I don't even know what to say
about
that that is so
racist uh at least Brendan Carr is one
of the good guys so he doesn't doesn't
get his way at the FCC but he's calling
it down at least so at least we know
what's happening how in the world can
that be good for the
world I I can't even
imagine well Leticia James one of the uh
people going after Trump trying to seize
his properties the one who ran for
office on a promise that uh she would
take down Trump and then figured out
some way to do it so she found the
person then she looked for a crime uh
there wasn't one but she made one up now
one of the things she said apparent ly
is
uh uh someone told me once if you want
something done give it to a woman now V
points out on X that that's the same
thing that uh Nikki haey said if you
want something done right give it to a
woman so V says Leticia James while
threatening to seize Trump's property
quote someone once told me if you want
something done uh done give it to a
woman and V says I remember holding down
my vomit when Nikki used the same line
at the first debate just a couple of
sexists they'd get a long
well yes it's exactly what it looks like
it's a couple of anti-male women who
have way too much power and it's
something that men couldn't say so there
really is a woman
problem I mean I think we got to call it
down at this point not all women blah
blah blah conservative women seem to be
normal not all women but there's
something wrong with that
demographic that is affecting too many
of
them
that
um I I saw somebody say I think it was
Jake Novak
that nothing we're told is explaining
what we're
seeing there there's some kind of larger
force that is corrupting everything and
we it's like we can't figure out where
it's coming from and and it might be
just coming from the fact that women
have too much power and men don't know
how to tell them to stand
down because women are traditionally
amazing at a lot of things that men are
not so good
at and men are
traditionally better at a number of
things that women aren't aren't
interested in or historically haven't
done so good but if we act like
everybody's the
same you end up with people who are not
suited for what they're doing you'd have
a bunch of 40-year-old single men as
babysitters nobody thinks that's a good
idea right nobody right um and now I
think that we have uh women who are
completely ill suited to protecting the
public and that they seem to be
operating on some kind of personal level
that's not protection related so for
example I don't believe the Border would
be open except that women don't
understand
security that's it now again I'll stop
every 10 seconds for the dumb people to
let them catch up when I say
women I'll say this slowly for the dumb
people when I say women I don't mean all
women I don't necessarily mean you you
or your sister or your wife or that one
friend you have I'm making a general
statement which might be
useful although I recognize there are
exceptions okay that was just for the
dumb people to catch
up um and there's literally nothing we
can do about it because we can't talk to
women honestly or you
can't I've got free
speech I have kind of free spe I don't
really have free speech because I'm
siloed uh by my speech has for whatever
reason has been so siloed that nobody's
going to hear it except people who
largely agree with me so I I have free
speech within my Silo if I left the silo
I'd be destroyed like the rest of you
but at the moment I can say whatever I
want because nobody can hear it who
disagrees all right here's another story
uh I loved uh there was a
Chiron I think this was also on Jesse
water show uh I had to take a picture of
it because it was so
extraordinary here's a uh picture of a
person on the news on MSNBC now Fox News
is is showing that this person was on
MSNBC and you see the guy all right just
an ordinary guy who goes on the news and
and he's saying um you know maybe that
laptop uh wasn't a hoax after
all so if the only thing you
knew was what
happened you wouldn't know anything
because you'd say well here's a news
person who wears a suit who's saying
that Russia maybe is doing some bad
things huh I thought they weren't but
maybe they
are but if you knew who this
well-dressed person
was it might sound a little different do
you know who knows this who who knows
who he is well it turns out Fox News
knows who he is so you can't read it you
can't see it on your little little
screen but Fox News added a Chiron this
says CIA mouthpieces bring back laptop
hoax they call him a CIA mouthpiece this
is a guy who believes he just work well
not believes this is a guy who gets his
paycheck from the news and does things
that are supposed to look like news Fox
News doesn't even bother treating him
like he's real they simply treat him
like he's a CIA plant and that he's
doing some CIA stuff here and they're
just going to label
it Fox News did that good work Fox News
nicely done that that is exactly the way
I wanted to see that story presented
remember if you only knew what happened
guy in the news said something about
Russia you wouldn't know anything you
would have to know who this guy is he's
literally the most famous of all the CIA
alleged mouthpieces the most famous one
he he's the one that people ask me if
he's the one who said it when you hear
something that's you know clearly
propaganda often people will say who
said that Ken
delanian he's the first name people say
and he's out there pushing the Russia
collusion stuff again or Russia hoax
stuff
again so now that you know who he is
what's I tell you if you know who he is
then you know that the news is not real
but that at
least Jesse Waters is not in on it right
at Le at least Fox News Chiron guy or
girl is not in on it you know cuz
they're calling it
out so it won't matter because only Fox
News people watch Fox News and the MSNBC
people will think that a real journalist
gave a real story that's all they'll say
if you've checked MSNBC lelay it it went
just pure just outrageous
propaganda I mean beyond anything you've
even seen and it's been pretty
bad all
right um
all right
uh let's talk about Israel after the war
we have some uh some data
now about what Netanyahu says Israel
wants to do after the war let's see if
this sounds like what I told you would
happen do you remember my
prediction there's only one thing that
can happen so you don't have to
speculate uh will it be that they'll
kill every man woman and child in Gaza
no no that was never possible you didn't
need to predict it will they let Gaza go
back to the way it was and you know
Hamas or even just some Palestinians
will be in charge
no no there wasn't any chance of that so
where was it going to end up were they
going to just make them all
Israelis
no no that was never going to happen of
of course not it's going to be a
one-state solution exactly like the
United States we are a one-state
solution but really we're two countries
you know we're red States and blue
States now if you say to me but Scott
that's not that different I submit to
you that the states who think that
abortion should be legal are not at all
like the ones who think you should not
be that's a really big
difference I mean you can't get a bigger
difference the it's a miracle that we
can live together under the same
entity so I would say that Israel's only
option is to do exactly what they just
announced they want to do have one state
but here are the
details um so basically Israel would
control Gaza and the West Bank of course
um but they'd let the local officials do
the local stuff so they'd be had in
charge of the
security but you know police well I
don't know about police CU they're in
charge of security but at least the the
non-security stuff would be done by the
locals uh they would quote deradicalize
Society do you know what that
means I don't but I think it means
control the
schools it must mean control the schools
because that's where the radicalization
comes from and of course that's what I
said they'd have to do they'd set up
some buffer zones in the North or South
that makes perfect sense in the short
run security and they would dismantle uh
and get rid of uh the UN group that was
allegedly closer to Hamas than they
should have been that were the they were
the main entity for giving Aid to Gaza
and some say and there's good evidence
that they
were um complicit with the
terrorists
so um is there anybody would like to
give me credit for a prediction that was
the the easiest prediction in the world
that the only way it would end up is the
only way it could end up it's not even a
prediction yeah that I mean that
prediction was was like this
prediction uh when I dropped this piece
of paper I
predict it's going to go I know shocking
down
shocking
how did how did anybody think it was
going to go a different
way yeah no I'm I'm kidding when I say
give me
credit because I don't need credit for
saying the most obvious thing in the
world that there's literally only one
thing that could happen and then
therefore it'll happen so don't give me
any credit for that
one all
right yeah you thought the you thought
the paper was going to go to the ceiling
what's going on
here that ladies and gentlemen concludes
my story the basic theme is I think you
caught it uh probably everything is
exactly what it looks like I don't
believe we have anything like Fair
elections I think the election system is
designed for fraud it looks like it and
nobody can give me a counter explanation
nobody even offers another
explanation honestly if there's another
explanation I'd love to hear but my
working assumption without the benefit
of proof my working assumption is our
elections are designed for cheating and
that both Republicans and Democrats must
be okay with
it secondly it's very obvious that you
know Google in particular and the rest
of the media are in on it and that our
votes are entirely determined by the
media and that the media is the
election and the media is not anything
like a Democratic Republic
situation so yes it's exactly what it
looks like the media determines how
people vote and then if that's not good
enough well maybe they control the vote
too that's hard to
say um how about the uh political
prosecutions do the political
prosecutions look like oh it's only the
Republicans being team players who say
that it's unfair what they're doing to
Trump no it's exactly what it looks like
it's a naly situation where the people
in charge are trying to put the the
critic in
jail the none of the charges are
legitimate and I've got some you know
one autistic guy on X who says but but
if you say the value of your property is
different than what it is that's fraud
so therefore he goes to jail and then I
say you mean like every time the car
dealer says I can't give it to you at
that price I've got to talk to my
manager you mean that kind of fraud you
mean the kind where the kind of crime
where you're driving at 51 miles per
hour in the 50 m zone is it that kind of
crime is it the kind of crime where you
say uh I I will work hard to do this pay
back this loan but maybe you weren't
really thinking
it yeah so the entire world is just
fraud it's marketing it sales we have it
different reasons we call it negotiating
hyperbole Marketing sales
strategy the whole world is
fake everything everything people say is
exaggerated spun stuff left out if you
started making all of it
illegal the whole economy would close
there there's it it's it's absurdly
childish to imagine that what Trump did
is worthy of and the Republic would be
better for his prosecution that's really
stupid it's really really stupid and
there's no other way to put
it or biased I guess all right ladies
and gentlemen that's all I got for you
today thanks for joining on the YouTube
and Rumble and X platforms and I will
talk to you tomorrow same time same
place bye for
now