pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom papa papa
everybody come on in here welcome what a
wonderful day it is a wonderful
wonderful day and it's gonna get better
because we got quite the periscope for
you today Wow
it's gonna start strong and then it's
just gonna keep getting better because
today we're gonna be talking to the
amazing the incomparable meme maker to
the president
carpe Duncan um but while we're waiting
for those of you to stream in before we
get to that let's talk about a few other
things now I noticed in the Daily Mail
the former ambassador the one that got
fired by Trump the former ambassador is
saying that or at least there's a report
they and one of his memos the ambassador
reported back to his country that
trumpet quote seemed to be disc
discarding the Iran nuclear deal deal
for personality reasons so it's being
reported that that Trump Scotch the Iran
deal for personality reasons to sort of
get back at Obama now this is what the
now fired British ambassador told his
bosses now let me ask you this how much
were they paying the British ambassador
the country that has a special
relationship with the United States for
number one having never met the
president at least in a way that the
president recalls remember the president
fired the ambassador from Great Britain
without knowing who he was maybe that's
not killing it on your day job and
number two did that British ambassador
get all of his intelligence from
watching CNN do you think that the guy
who never met Trump had a good read on
what the president was thinking but not
saying I don't think so I don't think so
alright let's get ready for the
best part of the day it's called the
simultaneous sip and you know it's
coming you know it's coming and then
we're gonna break and carpe dunked them
on and it starts when you pick up your
glass your mug your cop could be a
tankard chalice Stein maybe it's a
thermos or a flask and for our men and
women in uniform possibly a thermos no
possibly a what do you call that canteen
that's it
join me now for the simultaneous sip
that's the that's the best sip of the
day all right don't quite have carpet
uncle on here so we're gonna wait for
him to sign on carpet you need to be
using a mobile app if you're not using a
mobile app you won't be able to see the
option for joining and let's see if
you're there there you are
all right and with me now or at least in
a moment as soon as the technology works
we will be talking to carpet dunk them
are you there
car good I say something else make sure
we've got a good connection I am right
here and this is carpe danke
ei well car be Duncan those of you who
may be unfamiliar with your work you are
the most famous meme maker in the entire
planet right now because the president
how many times does the president
retweeted you
he has tweeted one of my videos six
times six times Wow well that's that's
pretty clear but I wanted to talk to you
because you also had the unique well not
unique but rare experience a rare
experience of visiting the White House
not once but twice recently can you tell
us about the first time and the first
time was on July 3rd so it was right
before the 4th of July I visited for
about 20 to 25 minutes and were you
actually in the Oval Office I was
actually in the Oval Office I was there
with my entire family my my wife and my
four kids and I also brought along my
friend Matt liberals and his mother Wow
now the purpose of that visit was I
checked my check my facts here because I
got to visit a year ago with the
president and it seemed that he uses the
summer just to consolidate the people
you know consolidate his base especially
this online supporters did you feel that
that's that was largely why he had you
there just to make sure you were on his
team and sort of reward you for all your
good work yeah I think he had me there
he wanted to meet me and he wanted to
you know I say thank you I think you
shared a lot of my stuff and it was kind
of a get to know you kind of thing so
that's what it seemed like you know
there's really something quite brilliant
about the way the president does this
because even if you haven't yet to been
invited to the White House if you're
you're doing stuff online
supporting him you're at least thinking
to yourself hey if carpi Duncan got
invited maybe if I do a little more on
his behalf he'll invite me too right so
it's it's really cleverly motivational
isn't it didn't you feel when you left
the White House that you wanted to you
know do even better and do even more oh
absolutely and I'm I'm sure that it
gives everyone like he said on the
internet I hope that one day they can do
it Sam yeah he's probably more connected
to his base than probably any president
ever that I think that's undeniable at
this point now here's your I have some
funny questions to ask you about your
first visit
now tell me where you were when you
first heard that you were going to be
invited to be in the Oval Office talking
to the most powerful man in the universe
where were you when you heard
well I think it was at my house but it
was I think it was after my last trip to
DC and I received an email saying hey
the president would like me to not not
just doing Oval over or not let's do a
West Wing tour but we like eat and that
that was a pretty insane moment I'll bet
it was but I'll bet there was even I'm
just gonna guess on this so you can
correct me but was there a moment when
you were standing in in the Oval Office
and and your your wife was there and
your family and you thought to yourself
remember when you you probably had a
private thought that was you know about
your wife when you thought remember when
you thought this wouldn't lead to
anything yep I did have that moment and
remember when you when you said stop
playing around on that damn computer
yeah everybody who's creative has gone
through that moment if they've
eventually made it that that moment
where you say I told you this would work
out I didn't know why but I told you
this would work out now what was the
what was the freakiest moment of the
whole experience let's say after you got
invited and you know once you reach
Washington DC what was the moment that
just made your head start to go uh that
you were actually having this experience
and it wasn't a dream well you know what
was I think what was the freakiest was
that you know we went to DC just for a
family vacation and we knew that at some
point we were gonna go to the White
House but we didn't know when and there
wasn't old you know it was a very busy
time for the White House so they're
getting ready for the fourth of July and
all that kind of stuff and so there
wasn't a whole lot of communication we
were just kind of waiting for an email
and then you know it's getting closer
and closer to the fourth and I haven't
got the email yet and you don't want it
you don't want to go and like emailing
back and be like am I gonna
Oh am I gonna go right so the whole time
I'm thinking you know like something
will come up and it won't work out you
know Iran will do something stupid and
he'll have to be in the Situation Room
for three days and then we can finally
get the email and then it's then
everything is all all getting that so I
I had exactly the same experience a year
ago when I got to I got to DC and we
hadn't set a time and everything but
once you get to the city the world gets
a vote and if the world decides to start
a war well you don't get your meeting
you just wanted right DC for no reason
and I I've had situations where the
headlines ruined my day quite quite
often when I was on book tours and doing
press starting to get bumped off an
interview but you made it so you made it
through yeah so set the scene for us
when you walked into the Oval Office
first of all who took you into the Oval
Office
dance dance Covino was who took me in
and he is he's the social media guru
he's the head of the social media stuff
to tell you that I had the same
experience that you had I remember you
describing it where we were standing
outside and just sweating to death and
then we go inside and then we luckily
there was you know 20-30 minutes to to
stop sweating but as I was walking into
the White House was like a god I hope
that we don't just go straight in there
because I I'm drenched in and I I don't
want to go in there and just be like the
stinkiest person he's ever met before
we hit we had to walk like 15 extra
blocks because of all the extra board
off areas for the fourth so it was just
crazy
now what so once you get in there was he
already there did you have to wait in
the Oval Office when we got when he got
in there we just sat on the couches
there and he was not already in there he
was in another room
I believe he was in there with Kelly and
a couple other people so it was it was
it that little side room that's right
off the Oval Office
yes yeah that's yeah and then so he
comes out and he sees you it describes
that moment when he walks out and so
probably somebody said you know we
introduced you what was that moment like
so so here here is one of the craziest
things you'll probably hear there was so
much packed into that that week and they
were all kind of you know they were all
highlights of your life kind of moments
I didn't even remember the first thing
that he said because there were so many
memorable things I couldn't keep it all
in my head so luckily mad liberals was
there and he remembered that as soon as
Trump walked and he said where where is
he where's my genius and and then dance
Kamino introduced I used everyone else
that's great and that new did you sit
like literally in front of his desk
and then talk to him and just chat so
what we well there was kind of a large
group I mean there was there was a there
was eight of us in there plus dance you
know in the photographer but he came
over and he greeted my children there's
a there's a photo of him and my daughter
so just in front of the desk for a
little bit and then he went and sat
behind the desk he said hey let's take
some pictures you know and so we stood
behind him and took some pictures and
then we just kind of stood around and
asked and just talk all right
and the the protocol for these sort of
things is one does not say in any detail
what one talked to the president about
right but to is there anything that it
just blew you away about let me ask you
a specific question I had this
experience when I went which is the Oval
Office is so familiar to all of us for
having seen at a million times in
pictures when you were in it how did it
feel to be in something that was
so familiar and yet so unusual at the
same time it it was a very strange
feeling it felt smaller you know the
Oval Office always looks so huge because
you know they take widely lens pictures
of it and sometimes there's a little bit
of a fisheye to it and it felt weird to
be in a room that you felt was so big
but it was actually smaller than you
thought
Trump was also there was the same effect
there you see him against other leaders
and a lot of the other world leaders are
so short uh he seemed so tall he didn't
seem nearly as tall as I thought he
would be I thought you'd be towering
over me but you know who's he was only
maybe six inches tall okay well he was
towering over me so now did you also
have the experience that when you left
especially after you got out of the the
White House and you were on the sidewalk
for the first time you had this like
insane transition from being in the most
important place in the universe talking
to the most important person in the
universe two guys standing on the
sidewalk did you have that feeling III
did have that feeling he was like well
you know that was that was a face but
you know the what when it really hit me
you know I think I think what what I
noticed was so I went back last hour
last Thursday for the summit and I
noticed that you know when Trump came
out and he did his speech he walked out
he really didn't he didn't greet anybody
necessarily he might have chicken shake
a couple hands you know and then he did
his speech and he left and at that
moment I thought to myself I was like so
I'm invited to this this White House
thing but this is that Oval Office that
private meeting will will probably never
happen again that was a
once-in-a-lifetime experience even if I
even if I get invited back to the White
House I probably will never have that
one-on-one or you know a couple people
on one
again and that was kind of that was just
one of those moments that kind of
changes your perception of it yeah yeah
so let's talk about the the summit so
you were part of the tech the tech
summit and what what was your overall
impression of the usefulness of it did
you get a sense that that the value was
there well so what I had said before the
summit started you know everyone was
asking what what it was going to be like
and everyone was desperate for
information about what it was going to
look like
and what I had said before was that I
felt like the summit was going to be for
the people attending not necessarily for
the President or anyone else it felt
like it was just a bringing together
minds to network with each other for the
future that's kind of what I felt like
it was and that's that's kind of how I
think it ended up it was the good speech
and all that and everyone was there and
he talked about censorship but really
what the work of the meeting was done
after before in in smaller groups in
larger groups things like that one of
the most striking things about that
meeting is you know watching the way CNN
and and the critics covered it CNN
called it like a Star Wars Bharathy and
they were described as conspiracy
theorists and right-wing bla bla bla bla
and the more they insulted the group
there every time I heard the insult
there was another recording that would
play in my voice right after the insult
which would be sort of like the tag on
it's like well it's a group of narrow do
wells and right-wing fringe nuts and
global about and then I would fill in in
my own mind I'd say who kicked your ass
right yeah it's a bunch of crazy
right-wingers who kicked your ass
especially conspiracy nuts who kicked
your ass and ER are gearing up to kick
your ass even harder this time
so every you know the president part of
his genius would you admit as they he
can weaponize the the
people who otherwise would not have
found any influence he found a way I
think really recognized it after the
fact he didn't set out to do it it just
sort of formed and then he just gave an
energy because it kept getting stronger
and stronger so he fed the monster quite
wisely did people did you get a sense
from other attendees that they left with
new enthusiasm we did how were how are
their attitudes do you think I enjoy it
everyone everyone that I talked to I
think had that experience that it wasn't
it was an energizing moment you know it
was a it was a great honor to be invited
and it was it was an amazing experience
but it was I mean it was just like the
meeting that I had with him before uh it
made you want to do better and I and
everyone was asking everyone else there
you know what can we do what can we do
to to make this right Wow
and did you get any special instructions
about photos was there any any guidance
about what you could or could not do
photograph flies first of all did you
have your phone with you when you were
at the Rose Garden there was there was
actually there was no instructions
whatsoever we were free to record we
were free to take pictures all of those
things we could stream a lot of people
were streaming on periscope or on other
platforms we were allowed to have our
phones there was there was really no
restrictions whatsoever okay and were
there were they tell you anything about
the the regular press and was the
regular press asking you to pose or did
they try to get pictures of you standing
or talking today but regular press was
annoyed by us they were annoyed by us
from the moment we got there I felt a
moment they were annoyed I there was one
point in the Rose Garden the the press
was really mostly not allowed into the
event there was a few people that were
allowed in with cameras just to record
the events but like actual reporters
we're nowhere to see they weren't
yelling stuff out during the thing they
were completely out of the room well
after when we went out to the Rose
Garden
you know we sat down and I believe the
chairs were originally meant for the
press to sit down and they had been
moved back behind this this white line
and when President Trump came out you
know he stood up to the podium and
everyone stood up from their seats and
once he approached the podium and and so
there you know we all clapped and then
the press started yelling sit down sit
down sit down and really just there were
just a bunch of children now you
probably were close enough to hear all
of the Sebastien Gorka stuff yes did you
get it you had a good seat for that show
um I was I was two rows and about three
people away from Sebastian and I was
standing or I was sitting next to joi
vila who she also got involved in the
dust up later and kind of reprimanded
breaths but yeah i had front-row seats
for that now i heard some mocking going
back and forth as i would like there was
it was a two-way thing that before Gorka
got involved was a carom the Playboy
writer he was getting into it with some
members of the the invited summit right
- did that precede the the yelling so so
what happened was President Trump
finished his his speech and bar got up
and then he finished his and then then
Trump finished finished up the thing and
said thank you for coming all that and
then as he was leaving he wasn't taking
any questions and that that guy just
yelled out you like your you'll take
questions from these guys but you won't
take questions from the real news and
then I believe joy said we are the real
news or something like that and you know
back to him and then he started then he
said his quote about how we were all
demon possessed or something and that
that's that's when Bork
turned around and he's
you call yourself a journalist and then
the guy who said something about you
want to you want to take this outside
then he walked over is it I don't even
remember what he said something about
you are Punk right oh you're a punkin
you are oh you're a punk is it sounds
better the way he says it does that if I
ever if I ever get into a pushing match
that's almost going to turn into a fight
I'm going to immediately start doing a
Gorka impression I guess you know
especially if there are any cameras
there because there are cameras are
there you don't want anybody to catch
you just saying yeah I'm gonna kick here
you'll be sorry you ever messed with me
instead I'm just gonna go you'll be
sorry you poke you I would be very very
excited to dance on Your Grave once why
is the speedy end to your existence yes
so one of the things that the Gorka
understands that his critics do not
understand is that he understands the
value of the show oh yes it's not a it's
not an accident that the president
actually weighed in on Twitter I don't
know a day later or whenever and he said
that what did he say he said he'd been
on Korca yeah I think something like
that something about betting on Gorka so
basically the president just just to
fuel the flames does a tweet and saying
he'll bet on Cork in other words if
there were a fight between cork and this
other guy that we're getting into it
he'd been in Gorka I think the last
thing that someone said was yeah someone
said as Borka was leaving he either he
picked your ass or something like that
because the guy was still talking but
the the thing that the president
understands is that the humor and the
show are not just add-ons that are
distracting from the good work of
government but they are he has
integrated the humor of the show
you know the you know the whole
presentation is now just part of the
tools of government and the president
uses them like you know like a master so
so watching Gorka understand the same
thing I mean if you if you didn't if you
weren't understanding the show you'd
watch it and you'd say what's wrong with
that guy why doesn't he have any impulse
control why is why is Gorka sounding off
there must be something wrong with that
Gorka but if you do understand the show
you know that Gorkhas reputation
increased you know that the people got a
fun feeling about him just because he
got into it you know they liked the
fight and then the president retweets
him
Gorka had one of the best weeks you
could ever have oh yeah he had a great
week yeah
at the same time that all of his critics
who don't understand the show are saying
what's wrong with that guy and part of
the show is that they don't get it
that's why the show you know what what
was so great about that was that
Borka is very familiar with who he is
and he has a very special place you know
he was he was formerly in the
administration and I don't know that
anyone else could have gotten away with
standing up for us the way that he did
he was the only one that would never
would not have been disinvited from the
White House for causing a scene like
that and and he used his position
knowing who he was that he could
actually stand up for all of us and not
get in trouble for it got in trouble for
it I would have gotten persona non grata
at the White House if I had gone and
started a fight with playboy guy the the
thing I liked about it especially I
liked a lot about it in terms of its
entertainment value but I liked the fact
that it was an unplanned situation and I
was I was trying to put myself in
Gorkhas hat so he's standing in the Rose
Garden
all the cameras in the world are on him
and he hears Cara my guess is his name
saying these things and there's an
opening yeah and and just in a split
moment he realized that that opening
first of all would not happen
again hey it wasn't gonna sit there
waiting for him and that if he took it
it was gonna be a pretty big risk just
in terms of reputational risk and he
jumps in takes it he doesn't even go
there's somebody's saying exactly what I
was gonna say in the comments you beat
me to it
he decides not to be timid about it he
goes full Gorka yeah so that's the other
funny thing is that he didn't go in and
timidly he just went in full Gorka and
the cameras roll and he ended up being
the the primary visual take away from
the event and the beauty of it is and I
think he recognized this you know in in
that moment I think he's I think he
sized up a very complicated situation in
in less of a second and part of that
complicated calculation was that the
other guy was always gonna look worse
right because he looked really bad he
did really he looked really bad and then
I said - I told him that I texted him
later and I said that feisty Gorka is
the best Borka alright so that was fun
all right were there any other takeaways
from the tech summit and anything that
struck you or stood out well I think
that the way that I saw it and I think
that the general feeling was that this
was a this was a starting point not an
ending point I think there will probably
be more maybe smaller group meetings but
there will be more meetings in the
future and there just by having the
meeting it was a clear sign that the
administration is serious about getting
this worked out before 2020 comes around
and it's too late to work it out now did
you feel that the real purpose of the
summit was maybe not so much to listen
because they probably have lots of ways
to listen but more to focus energy so
that the world knew that this is now a
new priority to figure out what these
tech platforms are doing did you feel
mostly was a focus of energy
yeah I thought it was I thought it was a
focus and energy it was it was a clear
sign that wanted to do something and
then as I said before it was also for us
a good networking effect you know yeah
supporters from all of from all over the
map and we don't necessarily meet
together you know in a place and have
real conversations and this was just a
great opportunity that what was based on
you must have had well first of all I'm
imagining that you were sort of a
celebrity among celebrities there were
people excitedly coming up to me you
know that is one of the weirdest things
in the entire in in my entire life is
that I had I wouldn't say it was the
most popular celebrity there but I was
among the most popular at least at least
when people figured out who I was a lot
of people don't didn't really know what
I look like but I had a lot of people
coming up are you
are you him are you the guy had a lot of
people saying oh I'm a really big fan of
your of your work so that was a very
strange thing I saw Dan Bonjean oh there
and I've been sort of friends with mark
Dice you know who Mark DICE's for a
while but I hadn't met him in person and
we saw Dan bonds you know and we walked
up together
and I said hi I'm part by dog time and
this is Mark Dyson he's like the mean
guy the mean guy I love your stuff your
stuff all the time
I love your stuff to mark and like you
know there's just uh it was a crazy
moment to have things like that happened
now did anybody ask you for an autograph
yet
then no one no one I asked for
autographs it was all all selfies you
know I took a picture with you or yeah I
guess people don't ask for autographs so
much anymore right I'm so I'm gonna give
you a suggestion for a meme okay you
ready now everybody in the world is
giving you suggestions for memes and
you're allowed to say that they're crap
okay all right here's a ground rules you
do not need to commit that you will do
any meme like this I'm just gonna be one
of the millions of people who say I got
an idea for me and it goes like this if
you've been watching dr. drew especially
he's been talking about how the LA
homelessness is going to be bubonic
plague any minute now if you heard that
yeah wasn't he talking to set to Seth
Green or something like that the other
day about it yes and I yes and I've
heard Greg Gutfeld was talking about it
also you know quoting dr. drew so we've
got apparently there the things are
shaping up in LA there's literally gonna
be bubonic plague and then of course
there's also the ugliness at the border
which visually and inhumanity wise
there's terrible looking anyway the
crowding the people coming off over the
border in droves etc and it seems to me
that we've got this weird
we have the biggest contrast I've ever
seen between two sides Trump is
presiding over probably the best period
of both peace and prosperity we may have
ever experienced he's talking about
steps to eradicating you know aids in
this country within X years and has an
actual plan that could do that I mean
you think about the goodness that's
coming out of this country it's it's
insane you know he's making making
friends with North Korea etc and then
the contrast is under the democratic
preferred way of life literally bubonic
plague let me think about that have you
ever seen a larger difference between
what's happening that you can verify and
the alternative which you can also
verify
because these neither of those
situations are are about the future
they're both about right now right now
one of one of these ways of doing things
is producing untold prosperity and
goodness and the other one is literally
bubonic plague children in cages and yes
I am blaming this on the other side
because you know they have they have at
least as much responsibility as the
Republicans and would have to work with
them to make anything better anyway so
that's the basic setup I won't over
describe it but you have an amazing
situation where you have the best we've
ever seen in in civilization versus
literally the worst civilization has
ever seen bubonic plague
all right and people on the streets die
so anyway so that's the set up I don't
know if there's something work where you
have you have you have the Star Trek The
Next Generation aspirations versus going
back to the 1500s when people are dying
of plague but right yeah one is one is
space force dr. drew joined if dr. drew
stays on I'm gonna I'm gonna talk about
this with him if I can convince them to
come on dr. drew could you could you
click the if you're on a mobile device
could you click the little happy face
icon if you'd like to talk about the LA
situation which we will not call
homelessness as you have as you have
informed us all right carpe do you have
anything else - I've got I've got two
things that I would like to and I've
told this to lots of reporters but they
don't seem to want a report on it which
is so so strange but what I what I told
them was my experience in the Oval
Office and I believe you described it as
the same was that his energy was so
calming the room when he came into the
room yeah you felt you you you felt like
you were you're meeting an old friend
we're not meeting the president's you
were meeting just you know a guy you've
known for a long time he was he was so
good with Mike
he was engaging it was a the
conversation that we had I'm not gonna
get into specifics but the conversation
we had was just a conversation you would
have with anyone like burn events and
and how are you doing and how it was
your time in DC things like that yeah I
do want to share one specific moment
which I've shared before we're sitting
where he's sitting at the desk and we're
all standing around and we've just taken
a picture and my kids are standing there
and he looks over at my daughters and he
says do you see that you see that red
button on the desk
you know what that button does and you
know they say no and he's like some
people say that button launches a
nuclear missile should I press it and
then he he reaches over and he he
presses it and he he does this kind of
like boyish boyish in as he kind of
looks around to see if anything happened
and and then one of the Secret Service
guys puts his finger through his ear and
just says I'm right here mr. president
and that's that was that was just the
whole moment but it was it was hilarious
that is great that's a perfect antidote
to to wrap this up okay I'm gonna go see
if I can catch dr. drew while he's here
thank you so much carpe Noctem
everybody should follow you at at carpe
Noctem
on twitter and we'll we'll talk to you
again soon okay
all right thanks Scott all right take
care yeah let's see if I can get dr.
drew on here dr. drew we are connecting
if our technology works are you there
dr. drew
yes I can thank you for being yes I can
hear you can you hear me I can hear you
you may not be able to hear me I'm
square
in the aftermath big outage last night
okay
we're at where are you physically oh we
might we might not have a good enough
connection dr. drew if we can't get a
good connection I love to invite you
back tomorrow or sometime this week to
do it when we have a better connection
let's try it again
can you hear me a little bit better but
let's try it and if we can't we'll maybe
we can do it another time but so I have
you say something provocative about the
LA quote homelessness problem what do
you say about calling it a homelessness
problem yeah it looks like we're not
gonna be able to work technology that's
connected yeah technology was failing us
dr. Drew I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna
disconnect and maybe we can try this
another day
you got you got it great all right thank
you so much for even attempting this all
right I definitely want to have that
conversation because this is really
really important and you know I was just
mentioning it before but the you know
the the essence of it is that if we
imagine that this is a if we imagine
that it's a housing problem then we've
misdiagnosed it and that's what we'll be
talking about it's not a housing problem
that's the one thing we do know how to
solve the other stuff that's causing
people not to be in homes we don't know
how to solve that so easily so that's
that's what the conversation is going to
be about all right let's talk about a
few other things
number one The Wall Street Journal had
another piece in which they uncritically
reported that people are saying the
president called neo-nazis find people
in Charlottesville and I thought to
myself even even the Wall Street Journal
even The Wall Street Journal reports
that now it was an opinion piece and it
was talking about other people's you
know other people's opinion but
reporting that without simultaneously
saying but it didn't happen is so far
below the journalistic standards I would
expect from the Wall Street Journal and
I'm a big fan of The Wall Street Journal
by the way that I think the Wall Street
Journal is you know by far one of the
bore maybe the most maybe the most
credible news organization well let me
think about that man that might be true
I would say the Wall Street Journal at
least in my opinion would be the most
credible of all the mainstream you know
big news outlets and even they stumbled
on this fine people hoax and and
reported it to their to their well
reported it is too strong a word but it
included in their pages was a reference
to something that is a hoax without
being corrected very very bad all right
any other questions anybody else have
anything they want to talk about
otherwise I think we're about done I've
got a lot of work to do and I will thank
you and talk to you later