bubble bowl hey everybody come on in
here
what fun it's another episode of coffee
with Scott Adams and that features
coffee and Scott Adams now you're not
either one of those things you're not
coffee and you're not Scott Adams but
you can join long doesn't take much to
participate all you need is a couple of
your glasses time to tell us attacker
mr. plastic canteen a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better
the silently - you said go boom ha ha
good stuff so the president tweeted and
I'm paraphrasing to Iran but after their
missile launch failed and their rocket
blew up on the on the launch pad
the president tweeted that the United
States had nothing to do with it and he
hopes they figure out what went wrong
now I have to admit even I am not sure
what's going on with that except that I
like it
the US had nothing to do with it and
hope you figure it out now I'll tell you
what that leaves as a possibility that
Israel had something to do with it but I
thought it was interesting that the
president said out loud that we had
nothing to do with it because I thought
to myself would it be better if they
thought maybe we did or at least if they
you know at least they thought it was a
possibility wouldn't that be better for
us but I suspect that they still have to
look because they don't believe him so
even though he says the United States
had nothing to do with it they're not
going to believe it so they're still
going to look for any sign that we did
it's here's what this felt like and then
maybe over interpreting this do you
remember the big breakthrough with Kim
jong-un was when the president went
funny so when he tweeted at him purely
you know joking insults and that got Kim
jong-un to kind of deal with the
president on a human level where they
joked at each other they insulted each
other and they said I let's you crazy
guy you big old Orange crazy guy let's
just get together and it looks like the
president's trying to play that same
play I can't imagine it working in Iran
because it's a different personality but
he's basically tweeted something playful
you know in a sense I mean it's it's
provocative and it's challenging but
when he says the US had nothing to do
with it we hope you figure it out of
course you're gonna read that and say
he's kind of just joking and jabbing
them at the same time it looks a lot
like when he was calling Kim jong-un
little Rocket Man it feels like it feels
like he's trying to humanize something
that is otherwise you know statecraft
and and political and and all those
things that have not produced anything
like a solution so yeah it's it's it's a
little mocking that's a little sarcastic
perhaps and you know if it had been
anybody but Iran it probably would have
gotten more of a more of a response in
kind so if he can get around to match
him so he's you know he's he's putting
something out there and essentially
seeing if they'll match it and what they
would match is his tone and his tone is
sort of you know that it's a game and
we're playing long and this is not the
end of the world and you know let let's
put it in perspective sort of thing
might be useful we'll say it's worth
putting it out there just just to find
out what happens do you remember how
much trouble
well let's say how many what would be
the best word not trouble I guess it was
trouble how much trouble the president
caused when early in his administration
he said or was it before he got elected
that he said he wanted to put a ban on
Muslim immigration but there's a second
part of that a ban on Muslim immigration
what he meant was from certain countries
that came out later well maybe he didn't
mean that maybe he just meant we're
gonna put a ban on Muslim immigration
until and it was the second part that
was the important part until we figure
out what's going on here and everybody
said racist racist because they always
leave the second part out until we
figure out what's going on and I
remember thinking to myself you know
there's one situation where bigotry is
allowed if not encouraged and that's in
the military so in our in our regular a
sane society and business life and
personal lives we try to drive out all
forms of bigotry and we pretty much all
agree you know ninety five percent of
the public would agree that getting rid
of bigotry in every business social you
know everyday experience you know school
you name it you want to get rid of all
that bigotry but there's an exception
the military the military is
specifically allowed to discriminate
like crazy if it makes sense now they
still have to support it for example
women typically cannot lift as much as
men and there may be some other physical
differences so the military
discriminates against women the military
discriminates against short men the
military discriminates against men and
women I assume who have physical
disabilities because it could have some
impact on safety so you see that the
military is a
the nation machine and it's the one
place where we say alright you know if
they need to discriminate because it
gives them some statistical advantage
that's the one place we'll let it happen
now of course historically there was
also a discrimination against African
Americans in the military but that did
not prove out to be useful in other
words it was a it was discrimination
that didn't have the benefit of science
behind it there was you know it wasn't
supportable and so in a way but my main
point is if the military can support the
reason for their bigotry meaning that
there's some actual safety you know risk
management thing involved they can get
away with it it's one place that that
you can discriminate and so what the
president said we're gonna be an
immigration from Muslim countries until
we figure out what's going on I saw that
as a military homeland decision which
was bigotry but it was the kind that as
long as the second part was acknowledged
until you figure out what's going on I
thought that was fair because we didn't
we don't know what's going on and when
did you see where I'm taking this by the
way I withhold your judgment until you
see where this is having all right and
then when the administration in the
public weighed in they said no no you
can't ban an entire culture even if you
think you don't know what's going on and
when the government dug into it and the
public weighed in and the pundits
weighed in the decision ended up let's
put some restrictions on countries that
can't properly vet their citizens some
of them would be Muslim countries some
would not be North Korea for example so
so it ended up morphing into something
that that was a little bit easier to
swallow because those countries that had
good records were still allowed in now
here's where I'm taking us
we had yet another mass shooting
yesterday and of course there are lots
of conversations about changing the laws
and he and let me let me toss out a
possibility you're ready for this I
guess I felt like trouble today some
days you wake up and you say I think I'm
going to cross in trouble so here's me
causing some trouble maybe we're at the
point where we should consider banning
gun sales to white men under the age of
50 until we figure out what's going on
let that sink in for a little bit if you
were ever in favor of the Muslim country
banned because we didn't quite know what
was going on and we couldn't vet you
know we didn't know how to protect
against that risk and we thought well
temporarily temporarily let's use
bigotry that's what we did the country
collectively used bigotry said all right
if you're from this area you're from the
Muslim country we will abandon you until
we figured it out and it looks like we
did figure now we figured out that if we
could check their records we can still
be safe enough so here we have the
situation where for whatever reason
youngish white men keep getting
high-powered rifles and killing a lot of
people and so I'm just gonna put it out
there what would happen if we just said
you can't buy a gun if you're a white
male under 50 until we figure out what's
going on right now I wouldn't want that
to be a permanent situation would you of
course not of course not you wouldn't
want that to be permanent but you
certainly want to figure out what's
going on and so now I know that nobody
would ever take that that example
seriously but I can tell you that as a
you know a white male I probably would
have been willing to live with it until
we figured out what's going on May
do not live with it for more than a year
but I wouldn't mind trying it out now
here's another suggestion by the way if
you're new to this periscope you should
know context wise I like to throw out
two bad ideas because sometimes they
they spur your thinking to think of
something related that's a good idea so
I'm going to give you some more bad
ideas just like that last one you don't
need to tell me it's a bad idea that's
obvious to me it's bad in the sense that
you could never get society to agree to
it but here are some other some other
bad ideas suppose you passed the law
that says you can you can buy a gun
under the following conditions you ready
here so here's a proposed gun control
law you can buy a gun if you were a
current owner of a gun so in other words
if you already own a gun a legal firearm
you have the right to buy another one so
if you already own one you can get
another one
now we might put some limit on I don't
know is there any limit on the number of
guns you can have I don't think so
because there are collectors would buy
quite a few guns but let's say if you
already own a gun you can buy another
one because whatever danger you were
going to cause well you already had a
tool for it so it's probably not the new
gun that makes that much difference
here's another one you can buy a gun if
you're not a current owner of a gun you
can also buy a gun if you've been a
member of the NRA for three years
I picked three is sort of a generic
number if you've been paying dues to the
NRA and I have never owned a gun legally
at the end of the three years you can
apply for a gun you still have to pass
the background checks and stuff but
three years of being an NRA paid person
means you will at least have been
exposed to best practices it means that
you're it means that you were thinking
about it three years before you got the
gun which should reduce the number of
people who
or having a mental breakdown in this
month they got crazy and this month they
decided to buy government this month
they decided to go kill people if you if
you decided three years ago
that's probably tells you that it has
more to do with a long term desired over
the firearm here's another one if you
are a member or X number of law
enforcement or the military you can buy
a gun
so again if you're just joining of
throwing out bad ideas for how you could
tweak gun control alright I'm not
claiming any of these are good ideas I'm
throwing out ideas they might suggest
something that is a better idea
so I would say that if you're law
enforcement or military you've earned
the right to own a gun I mean everybody
has the right because the Second
Amendment but it would probably be a
safer situation they probably could get
a gun yeah so just consider that one but
this women can buy guns just always if
you're a woman the rules don't apply if
you're female then you're over 18 you
can buy a gun how about that and it
would only apply to men the restrictions
how about this some occupations can buy
a gun let's say you're a security guard
or you know some kind of job that
requires it you could buy a gun how
about if you're male and over 50 you can
buy a gun now maybe it's not 50 maybe
it's 40 whatever but suppose that if
you're male and you're over 50 you could
buy a gun if you're under 50 the other
restrictions come into play or how about
this you can buy a gun
if someone vouches for you who's in one
of these other categories so if you're a
man a man under 50 you can buy a gun
unless you get the agreement or
signature from somebody in law
enforcement
somebody ex-military a woman or somebody
over 50 again these are not a good ideas
just throwing out different ideas things
you haven't heard before the so anyway
those are some ideas I thought I'd throw
out but what I'm the only thing I want
to introduce is the idea that when it
comes to death and security bigotry is
allowed then it's allowed in this
particular case what I'm suggesting is
bigotry against people who look like me
right I'm literally suggesting that we
look at young white men and say maybe
they should be carved down as a special
special category maybe we should do
something about it all right here's a
challenge to you the Second Amendment
proponents of which I am one so I'm Pro
cup by the way in case in case that gets
lost in this I'm I'm 100% Pireaus Second
Amendment and gun but I'm also pro do
what makes sense
etc so if you're pro-gun here's what I
think is a requirement for you you have
to ask yourself how many American deaths
are you willing to put up with for that
right if you can't answer that question
then I would suggest that you don't have
an opinion you don't have an opinion
because you've got to be able to say I
like the Second Amendment and I like
this set of laws or no set of laws
whatever it is if you're willing to say
that's what you like you can't stop the
conversation there that's not a full
opinion the full opinion is I like all
these rights and what I'm willing to
give up is that X number of people will
be slaughtered by guns per year in order
for me to have these right if you can't
say that in direct language you have you
don't have an argument so it's not that
you're right or you're wrong
it's that you're only pretending to be
part of the conversation and you're not
you're now saying anything so let me let
me go first I'm in favor of the Second
Amendment I could accept up to 20,000
gun deaths per year name one person
who's never said that before
name one person years and years of gun
conversations name one person who ever
gave you a full opinion until I just did
it's the first one you've never seen an
opinion on guns until I just gave you
one that's it
now how many people actually die from
guns per years about twice that right so
that's that's my line in the sand
I'm pro-gun up to about 20,000
accidental or murder deaths per year
that right is worth that much to me now
of course it's easy to say if you're not
the one getting shot and you're not the
one whose family is dying I that and I'm
sure I would change my opinion the very
moment somebody close to me got shot so
would you we understand that but that I
gave you the first full opinion you've
ever heard on guns I want the second
many Amendment and I'm willing to to put
up with 20,000 gun deaths a year that
half of where we are damn in other words
I'm willing to try some stuff to see if
we can get that down and if trying some
of that stuff put a little restriction
on guns I'd be willing to try it now I
might want to try it for a while and if
it doesn't work
stop trying it but we should certainly
be experimenting our way towards getting
to another level now how much did that
mess with your minds because every one
of you on here has a as a real opinion
on gun deaths
let's see you do yours all right I gave
you a number twenty thousand gun deaths
a year that's my price for the Second
Amendment that's what I'm willing to pay
of course it's easy for me right because
I'm not the one dying you know I'm
trading off twenty thousand lives of
mostly strangers for me to have the
right to own a gun that's my price if
you can't say your actual opinion out
loud shut up
actually that's my new rule if
you if you put out an opinion on gun
ownership and you're not willing to say
what your price is how many people dead
per year I don't want to hear it you
don't have actually anything like an
opinion all you have is blather well I
have one gun so that's my challenge to
you so there was a straight Pride Parade
Milo you nah police I guess was the head
of ceremony you sir whatever parade
master maybe and of course the whole
thing was just sort of a a walking troll
right
I don't know that straight people need
any parades so I'm not sure exactly what
the objectives of the organizers were
except to have some fun get some
attention maybe they had a point to make
I don't know what it was but here's my
point about this so however long ago it
was that there was the first black pride
event or when black pride was being used
as a phrase probably made sense because
it was a time in our history that maybe
you know maybe let's say acknowledging
pride and who you are could have been an
important step to getting society to the
next place likewise when the gay pride
parade became a thing probably very
useful probably useful for you know the
LGBTQ community to say hey we're fine in
society that needs to change
we have pride in who we are how about
you society changing instead of us that
was probably important but I feel as
though we've society has evolved and
improved to the point where pride feels
like a wrong word does it why would you
take pride in something you had nothing
to do with how much how much of your
your good work was involved in you being
born the way you are how much work did I
do before I was born to arrange my DNA
so that I could be the person that I was
born s none why should I take pride
why do you take pride in someone else's
work like I've never understood that I
didn't I put no effort into Who I am in
terms of my genetic makeup I didn't put
any work into that even my parents
barely did any work I'm sure they
enjoyed it when they made me but the
point is pride is just the wrong word I
feel like we should understand the world
free of pride because what is it that
what is the fundamental thing that makes
white supremacy ridiculous it's the
thing that makes white supremacy
ridiculous is that people who are the
white supremacist if they exist by the
way again I've never met one I do not
know even one person who would identify
as a white supremacist even you know
even if they didn't use the words I've
never met anybody who would make an
argument of white supremacy I just don't
even I've never met that person ever and
you know I would've right I mean I hang
around with a lot of Republicans and
said I've just never met even one person
who privately would have those opinions
but let's say they exist it doesn't make
any sense to have pride in other
people's accomplishments because the
whole point of of the white supremacist
is you know yay white people invented a
bunch of stuff but not you not you you
didn't invent anything people who share
your pigmentation invented things and
you're taking credit for that are you
taking pride in what other people did
how the hell's that work how about how
about working on yourself period don't
take pride in what strangers did for god
sakes that's the dumbest thing in the
world anyway enough on that I'm just
saying that we should probably
acknowledge that we will we would be in
a better place if we didn't try to take
pride in things that we had nothing to
do with
certainly you should not feel guilty or
bad for who you are but you also had
nothing to do with that it's not your
fault and it's also not something to be
proud of it just is you just happen to
be whatever you are I just happen to be
whatever I am can't we be good with that
I mean I I can give the full respect to
anybody
yeah as long as we're playing playing
within the rules of society that should
be enough respect should be the thing
not pride all right Ellie Alexander was
tweeting yesterday that there are 340
thousand Chinese students in the US did
you know that 340 thousand active
Chinese are citizens who are students in
the United States now that's probably a
good thing because it it transports our
culture and you know our capitalist
beliefs and stuff probably translates
that over to China and it may be in the
long run the absent value when keeping
us from warrants and such but I put out
the following suggestion which again
might be a bad idea but one I hadn't
heard before
why don't we ship home one Chinese
student for every fentanyl overdose
death now some of you who say wait wait
you can't do that because then there
would be no Chinese students left and we
would lose the benefit of you know that
the cross-cultural exposure and I
wouldn't want to lose that but here's
the thing after we had shipped home the
50,000 50,000 Chinese student which
would be a 50,000 then of 340 thousand
after we shipped on fifty thousand of
them how much is fentanyl do you think
they would ship us after that well the
people who have the money in the
connections to get to school in the
United States I have to think of the
people who have a little more influence
in China than the average person I have
to think it's money people who can
afford
send somebody over here my guess is that
after we sent home with 50,000 students
they would say maybe we shouldn't send
so much fentanyl to the United States
and don't believe anything you hear
about China is working on reducing the
fentanyl they're not they know the name
of the person who is doing it there's
one person who is in charge of the whole
deal apparently he's like the main
fentanyl guy they know his name they
know where he lives he's still alive as
long as he's alive they're not doing
anything so anything else you hear is
nothing it's just garbage
congressman max rose out of New York is
sponsoring some legislation to put
sanctions on Chinese pharmaceutical
companies because of fentanyl I back
that so if you want to follow somebody
on Twitter who's actually doing
something useful look for max Rose I
don't have his Twitter name but he'll
pop right up if you search max Rose so
he's my new favorite politician I'm
hearing a lot of people say that it's
irrelevant if we go after China because
somebody else will make the fence and
all if they stop doing it and that the
it's really the responsibility of the
person taking it and that we should you
just focus on personal responsibility
the people saying that don't know
anything about addiction they don't know
anything about free will they don't know
anything about how people work if you
believe and they don't know how to solve
problems if you believe that it's
personal responsibility end of story if
you want to take fentanyl and die go
ahead and do it
then you don't understand how the brain
works you don't understand how addiction
works you don't understand how much of
the world works but the most important
thing is that you don't understand the
solutions
and causes don't have to be connected
for example there's a burglary and crime
problem in this country meaning that
there are such things as people who
robbed your house now how do you deal
with that because the responsibility for
the decision to rob your house is the
robber shouldn't they take personal
responsibility and not rob your house
well yes they should
will they no they won't so does it help
to know whose fault it is no no it
doesn't help you at all to know that the
fault is the criminals because they're
not going to fix it
likewise the addicts are going to have a
tough time fixing it themselves so when
you're worried about being robbed you
lock your door so you do something even
though the personal responsibility is
with the robber but they're not going to
change so you have to do what you can do
likewise you need to push on the dealers
and try to shut them down and try to
execute them as you as the opportunities
arise because it might not change the
situation but it will certainly change
how the situation is viewed it will
certainly change how we think about it
if you see bodies dropping of the
dealers your goodness you're going to
think of fentanyl differently it will
inform you for example just just the
higher visibility will tell people that
the real fentanyl problem is not people
deciding to take fentanyl a lot of it is
people who think they're taking some
other drug like xanax but it's actually
a pill that's been pressed by a dealer
and it's got fentanyl in there and none
of the active ingredients in sanics
that's how people are getting killed so
you have to go out after the pill pill
pressors and execute them alright so I'm
seeing discussions in the news about you
know Joe Biden's forgetfulness and and
ignoring of the facts and making up
stories and stuff and then people of
course are comparing that to you
president
getting his facts wrong and failing the
fact-checking 11,000 times as they're
saying hey is there something wrong with
President Trump because of his age to
which I say I don't know that he's doing
any more of it than he was doing before
in other words I don't know that
President Trump is departing from the
facts in a bigger way than he ever has
before I don't know maybe we should keep
an eye on it but they're all at that age
Biden Bernie less so warned but Trump
well I think we have to look at that I
feel like that's a fair thing to look at
you know what I want to suggest this
idea if you're running for president in
your over a certain age let's say the
age of 70 I'll just pick that as a
random age if you're over the age of 17
you're running for president here's what
I'd like to see I like you to tell me
the three family members that you trust
to to validate that you still have your
faculties so in other words if you're
running for president you're over 70 I
want you to name three people that the
press have access to who are also close
to you on a regular basis so if you're
president Trump you might say okay
here's the thing you talked to Ivanka
talk to Jared talk to Don jr. or
whatever so whoever is three people are
could be family members and have the the
press have access to them so that they
can ask all right you're watching them
do you think there's anything we need to
worry about but also those three should
have direct access to the physician of
the of the candidate so that they can
give their personal opinion to the
physician without without it being
public so I would like to see now you're
saying to yourself oh yeah but they're
family members they're not going to say
anything maybe maybe maybe they wouldn't
say anything they might not say anything
publicly but I'll bet you a family
member would say something to the doctor
because if a family member sees the
President of the United States doing
things that seem out of character I
think a family member is gonna say okay
I love my father but you know the
country's at risk and I think you could
count on family members to of course be
biased in favor of their loved one but
they're the only ones who might know
they might be the only ones who really
are close enough to know so I feel like
we need some kind of a system in which
there's a known set of people watching
the candidate over the age of 70 and
that they could be queried on a regular
basis and say Ari have you seen anything
is there anything different I don't know
if that would help
but I'd like to throw out that as an
idea maybe somebody has a better idea so
what I I just wanted to say this about
Biden why is it that the Democrats have
one primary complaint about Trump
there's one thing that they say well
it's not a primary complaint but it's
the one that's true the one complaint
that they have about Trump that even his
supporters would say well okay that's
true is that he departs from the facts
in other words even if you're a trump
supporter certainly you've noticed that
the eleven thousand departures from from
the fact-checking
now you might say to yourself okay at
least two thousand of those are fake
news and he really did not depart in a
real way from the facts that's probably
true so probably 2000 of the 11,000 are
not real because that's the world we
live in but that would still leave you
9,000 facts that he departed from now
most of that cyberbully and exaggeration
and typical typical politicking but
what's interesting is if that was the
biggest problem and it's the one you
hear the most people say he's a liar he
lies president Trump can't stop lying if
that was your biggest complaint why the
hell would you would you run Joe Biden
against that you can't think of anybody
would be a worst matchup Kenny Biden is
literally famous for that flaw he's
actually famous for just making stuff up
why would you run the one person who
doesn't have an advantage in the
category that's the one you care about
the most
it's it's exactly the wrong person
precisely the wrong person if you took 7
billion people on the planet Earth and
set yourself up who would be the worst
person to run against Trump if what you
care about are the lies who's the worst
it would be Joe Biden you can't think of
anybody who is more famous for alive so
I think you have to ask yourself who's
making the decisions over there I doubt
there's anybody on the Democrat side who
actually wants them to get the
nomination including maybe people on his
team I have this feeling and again I
have no facts to back this up so this is
just speculation my speculation is that
even the people who work for Biden on
the campaign at this point are hoping he
doesn't get the nomination
I feel like that's the case that there's
probably nobody even close to him who
wants him to get it at this point all
right
yeah Obama's not even coming out for him
Biden is there to provide cover for
worst candidates somebody's saying I
don't know you know the interesting
thing about a second term of Trump is
that when Trump was originally running
for president we had we had worries of
things he might do and the the entire
attack against President Trump or
candidate Trump the entire attack fell
in the category of things he we worried
that he would do well we worry he will
people up and put them in concentration
camps we worry that he will deport 14
million people we worry that he'll do
this is that started a nuclear war but
now they by the time election rolls
around we will have had four years of
really getting to know what he is likely
to do and not likely to do and it
doesn't look anything like what people
expected now they're gonna twist it and
say oh but we knew he would create these
concentration camps and sure enough he's
putting children in cages just like we
told you would happen really it's the
same cage as Obama was using literally
Obama built them I'm not sure that
matters people will still use it if they
can so the slaughter meter is that a
hundred percent so there's nobody you in
the race who could beat Trump and I
don't even know at this point if anybody
on the Democrat side thinks they can win
which is interesting because the polls
are just so out the polls show so
clearly that everybody can beat him but
does anybody believe those polls do you
believe those polls yeah so I think so I
think the first election 2016 was about
what people imagined Trump would do the
reelection campaign is going to base be
based on what they imagined that he did
think about that the the first election
was people imagining what he would do if
he got elected and now we have four
years of hoaxes and so the reelection
campaign is already focusing on the
things that people imagined he did that
he didn't do like the fine people hoax
right the putting children in cages you
know they imagined that that there was
some option to that or they imagined
that Obama didn't do it
there's it's an entire imaginary
scenario of what we imagined he said
this now we imagined he called people
shitholes even though it didn't happen
we we imagined that you said this that
didn't happen so it's an entire
imagination based campaign isn't that
always the case for every re-election
campaign ever you know it's a fair
question but I don't know if we've had
this much imagination about what
actually happened I think we we've had
more and more difference of agreement
you know the more common reelection is
you know you change the tax rate and
look what happened that's not
imagination or you attack this country
and look how it turned out that's not
really imagination but this this
election is almost entirely imagination
based oh let me let me tell you about
something that is kind of exciting in
terms of understanding the future I ran
into a startup they've been around for a
few years called teachable so you can
find them at at teachable teachable just
like it sounds and they allow people to
use their tools to create a class so
unusually on one topic so one topic
class you could put it on their website
and you can set your own price and then
people buy it and download it online now
what's what's interesting about them is
that they're already making tens of
millions of dollars in revenue so it's
it's a serious company with serious
revenue they've been added several years
and the quality of the courses is really
high because for an obvious reason they
just announced that one of their
creators in other words one person who
might have been a team created one class
content that made five hundred and fifty
thousand dollars in one day let that
sink in
there was one creator who made one class
I don't even know what the what the
topic was doesn't matter made one topic
class they made over half a million
dollars in one day one day now when you
hear that how many people heard that and
said to themselves
uh I think maybe I'll try making a class
but it's not easy you know it's not like
you can just say I think I'll put a
PowerPoint together because they've
raised they've raised the bar about what
would look like a proper class partly
because you use their you use their
tools so it sort of guarantees you have
a good format and stuff but once you
reach a point where you can make that
much money by selling content online
what is the big change the big change is
who it attracts because Hollywood is
going to start noticing if you if I said
to you hey guys I'm gonna start an
online school and you can add content to
it you'd say hey that's great I could
make you maybe a few thousand dollars
and I would attract people like you know
you and people like me who could put
together a little class with a
PowerPoint thing and we try to solve for
a few hundred or a few thousand dollars
but that wouldn't be a change the world
kind of a situation but suddenly you
hear that one creator made half a
million dollars in one day now I'm sure
that that creator put a lot of work
probably a lot of money into creating
that class content it probably was quite
impressive
I don't think it's PowerPoint exactly
but it's some kind of presentation
format and suddenly don't you think
people in Hollywood just said ah what
are you telling me that I could pull
together a team I get a content person
the presenter somebody to view the
graphics and will really just kill this
thing will make will figure out what's
the most valuable class that people
would buy and we'll make some content
and we'll make a half a million dollars
in a day because that's what's going to
happen you're right on the on the cusp
of the big teams that the corporate
entity is saying
oh this is where the money is I'm gonna
stop making movies I'm gonna start
making class content and the next thing
you need which I think will come
naturally is a credit accreditation I
believe that you'll see something like
teachable or some other company in that
business who eventually puts together
enough classes that they can create a
college major
the first major I'd like to see is
something I would call life strategy
I've said this before but it's worth
reiterating I would like to see the
federal government create a set of
requirements for types of classes that
you could take online and you would
learn life strategies now life
strategies would be everything from
you'd learn about persuasion public
speaking had to be a good communicator
how to write well maybe you'd learn
Spanish if you live in California so
maybe you'd learn how to program a
website etc so I'm talking about skills
that you could really use in the
workplace but then that they affect your
life as well so if somebody went to it
got a major in life strategies they
would be they would be fairly qualified
for a lot of different jobs that then
they would have to be trained for
specifically but that's the current
situation so I would like to see the
federal government accredit a series of
classes that they call a life major or
life strategies major and and make that
a thing so that you could go to college
for a few hundred dollars by just
downloading content that's gonna happen
it's gonna happen so look for that all
right it's not all I got
it's Sunday it's a holiday and you want
to go do other things I know you do so
let's go do other things somebody says
why does the government need to be
involved that's a fair question
so I don't know enough about this topic
but who is it who does accreditation for
colleges so the problem is you need some
entity that everybody trusts at least
trust enough you know nobody trusts the
government entirely but trust enough to
say that if the government says anybody
who takes this set of courses gets a BA
in life strategy that would probably be
enough that corporations would say
alright well you've gotten a BA in life
strategy the federal government said
that's a Thane and I'm looking at the
courses and hell yes I would like to
hire somebody who had studied this set
of courses because they're they're gonna
be pretty powerful so uh alright we'll
get rid of this troll
goodbye troll somebody says I don't
think accrediting organizations are a
government strategy you might be right
but whoever whoever does the
accreditation if they don't want to do
it the federal government could all
right there's nothing stopping them from
doing it they could certainly do it if
they wanted to and indeed if the
government doesn't want to do it I would
do it so if somebody wanted to create an
online set of courses that they wanted
to call life strategy I would I would be
willing to endorse it if it were if it
were a bag of classes I thought were
good yeah Warren Buffett could endorse a
set of classes
Bill Gates could endorse a set of
classes Elon Musk wouldn't you take if
he'll on musk said I would hire somebody
who took this set of courses wouldn't
you take that seriously now of course in
the technical world he needs people who
are engineers and have technical courses
but even Tesla must be hiring a lot of
people for non-technical jobs if you on
musk said anybody who takes this set of
courses we we will take seriously at
Tesla that would mean a lot that would
mean locked
um all right that's all I got for now
and I will talk to you tomorrow