let's
see oh we got problems don't
we it looks like we successfully logged
into Rumble and
locals and it looks like neither YouTube
nor X have gone
live what would that be do you
think so do you think YouTube
is cutting off
Rumble well you're all here and I'm here
so interesting so it's just going to be
Rumble and uh Rumble in locals
today do you think I should try
restarting it what do you
think probably
not if I if I get out and get back in I
think all it's going to do is start
where it is all right well we're just
going to call that a uh technical
problem it's not going to slow us down a
bit
but I just got
demonetized so we'll see if the show is
any better once I'm
demonetized oh look we've got some
YouTube people coming in now oh that's
interesting so YouTube's online it looks
like only X is
failing I wonder why don't know
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of your entire life if
you'd like this to go up to a level that
you can't even understand with your tiny
shiny human brain well all you need is a
cup or muger glass a tankered shell s Dy
a canteen Jugger flask a vessel of any
kind to fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine it
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and wow it happens now
go so good so good well here's some
science updates and we'll talk about the
DNC and Harris and RFK Jr and UFOs and
anything else you want to talk about but
just so you know all the cool things
that are
coming according to
wired uh mRNA technology could be used
to make your damaged liver good again
without a transplant how about that
there's actually a technology that can
heal a mouse's liver not completely
apparently but it makes a big difference
so we might be on the uh the verge of
giving you new organs with a shot can
you imagine that oh my organs are
failing that's okay come here I'll give
you a shot and then all your organs
start rebuilding themselves that's a
real thing that that might actually be
coming Well Medical Express publication
says that there's some indication that
THC that would be the active ingredient
ingredient in marijuana reverses brain
aging and enhances cognition in
mice now you know what I'm going to say
don't you you know what I'm going to
say now I don't recommend marijuana for
anybody because it's a medical
product in my opinion I don't think
marijuana has the recreational value
that people use it for but medically
medically has some real uses and uh they
could have saved a little money because
I will tell you that my own experience
is that well I'm just going to say
it I'll say it as directly as I can
there isn't a chance in hell I would be
meeting five deadlines a day creating
new
content without a little
help my aging brain would not be able to
sit down every single day and write
seven new
jokes I'm telling you my own experien is
that it's a brain
enhancer and to me it's
obvious now I don't recommend it you
should only talk to a doctor and don't
drive a car and if you're under 18 it'd
be stupid to do weed it would just ruin
your life so I don't recommend it but on
this one limited claim that uh they're
talking about low doses by the way oh
this is important they tested low
doses now my experience is that if
you're a daily let's say medical user
you get used to it and then what would
be a high dose for somebody else is kind
of a low dose for you so it could be
that I've been low dosing for a
while anyway there's a trailer for a
movie you know the advertisement for a
movie called the trailer movie is a
megalopolis but they had to remove the
trailer because apparently included some
quotes some praising quotes from critics
that those critics never said how do you
think they ended up with a bunch of
quotes from critics about their movie
that they never said well I don't know
if there's um I don't know if there's a
specific explanation of how went wrong
but here's my
guess hey chat
GPT can you tell me what the critics say
about the
movie well so and so says it's the
greatest movie and it will change your
life okay and they write that down and
they make they make the trailer with
those quotes only to find out later that
chat GPT literally made it up now the
story doesn't say that's what happened
but isn't it obvious
if if you had to place a bet if you've
used AI by the way you'll know this it
does make stuff up I ask AI about myself
just because that's the easiest thing to
check it makes stuff up things I've
never heard of awards I've never won um
I mean it's just completely fantasizes
about people
so that's probably what happened but I
have a standard for judging things like
this and most other things I don't
believe in judging people by their
mistakes because if you did that You'
just hate everybody all the time I mean
humans are just making mistakes all over
the place there's nobody you know who
hasn't made mistakes that you think they
shouldn't have so instead of judging
people by their mistakes because nobody
makes a mistake
intentionally judge them by what they do
when they get caught or when trouble
happens and how do they respond well
well here's how they responded I guess
Lion's gate is the entity that put it
out they said uh quote we offer our
sincere apologies to the critics
involved and to Francis Ford Copa and
American zoto for their for this
inexcusable error in our vetting
process um we screwed up we are
sorry almost
perfect almost perfect I will accept it
as
completely um sincere sounding and they
didn't look to blame anybody did they it
would have been really easy to blame
somebody nope lion gate said our our
mistake we apologize but there's one
thing missing one thing missing Steve
Jobs knew how to do this the one thing
missing is what are you going to do
about it what are you going to do so you
don't do it
again so they said it was a mistake in
the Ving process but just this little
bit of improvement would have taken them
to A+ it's already it's already an A
minus is very acceptable I I think they
did a good job with it but if they just
said we're we're going to redo our
vetting
process maybe even telling us what went
wrong you know we we relied on a
internet search we're going to have to
make sure that you know we verify things
something like that so always you should
you got to take full responsibility but
then you got to say what you're going to
do to not make that same mistake again
that's perfect if you get that
all right um YouTube apparently has some
new feature that I'm also assuming is
Aid driven something they wouldn't have
been able to do before I think which is
they're going to allow you premium users
the people who pay to be on YouTube
allow them to skip sponsored segments in
YouTube videos now what would be a
sponsored segment in a YouTube video
what it would be like me giving a
commercial
for a
product which I would never do because
people would skip it now would YouTube
be able to pick out that this is not a
sponsored product but rather my own
product and would would the AI make a
distinction so when I say I've got a new
book and the main reason I do social
media so people could know if I have a
new
product if I tell people about my new
product are they going to introduce a
button so you can skip it I don't know
is the AI smart enough to know that this
is my product and that's very different
than a sponsored
advertisement I don't know we shall see
but the effect of that would be to
actually
destroy uh a huge bunch of people who
their entire money comes from doing
sponsored commercials on
Youtube I won't destroy it right away
because people won't know the buttons
there and maybe the feature doesn't work
perfectly and blah blah blah and also
you could always fast forward a video
you you always had that
ability but uh it might allow me to
watch uh Joe Rogan stuff if it were on
YouTube I I can't watch as much as Joe
Rogan show is amazing I can't get past
the ads I just my life is too short I
don't have time for listening to a bunch
of
ads anyway here's something interesting
um I saw a post from a user on X called
Victorio who said in a few years people
will not be able to function in society
without a brain computer interface so
that's sort of like the neuralink chip
in your head um and Elon Musk commented
at some point having a neuralink will be
normal and that uh and and separately
musk is predicting that uh in several
years there could be tens of millions of
humans who have a chip in their head and
that would be approaching
normal do you think that's going to be
normal do you think that in your
lifetime um you know all children will
have a chip in their
head I think he's right I think he's
right and the reason is that AI is too
powerful to be separate from humans in
other words humans are going to have to
absorb ABB the power of AI into
themselves and it might be the chip that
allows them to do it I don't I don't
know if there's any plan to you know do
that specifically but you could imagine
all kinds of things that you'd want to
do better and be competitive in an AI
world you just might need a chip you you
might not even be able to hold a job
unless you've got a good chip in you
yeah you could easily imagin in the
future an employer saying uh we're only
looking for people who have been chipped
because when we you know give our new
announcements and memos and stuff we
don't want to send it by email uh we're
just going to send it directly to the
employees in their heads now I don't
know if that will ever be possible with
a neurl link by the way I don't know if
it can I don't even know if it's two-way
in that way or it could be or what but
uh yeah you I I think musk is right it
is inevitable that humans will have
computer chip interfaces in their head I
don't think there's any way around
that Tucker Carlson has been uh uh I
don't know do we say red pilled anymore
about the chronic disease epidemic in
America now RFK Jr and Nicole shanan
have been in my opinion the primary
message givers that the country is sick
from our food our Pharma and maybe other
stuff we don't know what but um Tucker
says quote on a video recently if you
look at the rates of chronic illness in
this country it's destroying the country
and it's an emergency it's an emergency
that I would say supersedes all other
emergencies now that's the key line the
key line is that that's the emergency
that's bigger than all the other
emergencies that's that's like it came
right out of my mouth or RFK Junior's
mouth I do believe that the food supply
the big farmer and maybe even the things
that our our media is doing to us are so
bad it's just killing America to the
point where I'm not sure we could even
be a competitive country if we let
ourselves be just destroyed by these
forces
so the first step in doing anything
about it would be acknowledging that
it's a major major problem and I don't
see I don't see Trump saying it and I
don't see K haris saying it
why is it that Tucker and I and RFK Jr
and probably a lot of parents think this
is the biggest problem in the
country and by the way when I say the
biggest problem in the country I mean by
a
lot I I mean that whatever is number two
isn't really even close to this because
I don't really think we have much of a
risk of a nuclear war and I think
climate change is sort of long-term
manageable
situation um I don't I don't think AI is
going to kill us you know we have those
are manageable risks but we don't have
really any effort whatsoever to stop the
fact that our environment's killing us
like crazy now I I reposted uh youo
Tucker's comments on X but I I wanted to
add that you have to add mental illness
to this because when when you're talking
about chronic illness you aren't
necessarily talking about the mental
part now ADD the mental part so take the
number of people who have a chronic
illness one of the ones that we didn't
get 100 years ago that's just something
about modern living and then add to that
the number of mental illness situations
are that's modern that also we didn't
have 100 years ago you get almost
everybody you get almost everybody
everybody has at least a mental problem
that you wouldn't have had before and at
least one chronic illness that you would
never would have had before
so yeah it's that bad but remember I
always tell you that we make this
mistake of thinking that the brain and
the body can be looked at as separate
machines that just have some connection
and I say no no no they're not separate
machines they're all just one thing your
arms and your legs are what keep your
your your brain healthy because if you
get up and your arms and your legs take
you into a forest suddenly your brain
says Ah I'm a little relaxed now I'm in
a forest so separating your body from
your brain gets you all the wrong
analysis so here's something to back
that
up at uh Michigan medicine the
University of Michigan they found that
uh mental health and chronic diabetes
are strongly linked now you say to my
you say well that's obvious Scott if if
you get chronic you know if you get
diabetes obviously you're going to be
less
happy to which I say yes that makes
sense but it turns out that the
correlation works both
ways they think so the study shows that
your mental illness might cause your
diabetes but also your diabetes might
cause your mental
illness but if your mental illness
causes your diabetes and your diabetes
causes your mental illness you're kind
of in bad shape if you get either one of
those two things
so that's just more evidence that your
brain and your body have to be
considered one one
system all right um I don't know if you
watched this it was kind of one of these
wonderful moments in live television or
was it live I think live is when uh I
guess Fox News cut the must have cut
Trump's feed off I think there were
watching him uh do a speech so they cut
it off and they went to the uh the
Gutfeld J
Gutfeld exclamation mark and I guess um
Greg Gutfeld said on air you know since
they cut off president Trump he said
you've got my number give me a
call so as guffi is doing his show his
phone rings and it was
Trump trump actually called him you he's
on he's on air he like youo give me a
call and next thing you know he's on the
phone live to Trump he puts on the
speaker phone and uh and Greg has to
tell him you know the audience is here
don't say anything don't don't say
anything embarrassing and uh and then
the funniest part the funniest part is
that Greg had to do a show and and it
wasn't really the most convenient thing
to have a you know half hour
conversation on your cell phone holding
it up to your microphone on your chest
so he needed to get he needed to get
Trump off the
phone the best part about it is have you
ever had the situation where you're done
with a phone
call one of my exes had had a way to
tell you that the phone call is done you
know you'd be talking about some stuff
you'd be going back and forth normal
conversation then you hear on the other
side of the phone
anyway and then I know the
conversation's
done anyway so Greg was doing his his
version of how do you get the president
off the
phone and I don't know that was the best
part is trying is trying to give the
ex-president of the United States maybe
the future one you know the the bums
rush off the phone you know once you've
done your poite stuff it's time to move
on anyway that was fun you should watch
the video
that um I just saw a h clip from uh
Peter teal talking to um Joe Rogan I
guess that interview happened several
days ago but I hadn't seen this part and
apparently Peter teal has this Theory
that uh the reason that so many
compromised people seem to be in power
you know people that you would assume
there would be some blackmail on you you
just if you're if you're paying
attention at all you look at our leaders
and you say we got a lot of leaders that
in my Suspicious Mind and based on what
I've heard and what I see they all look
black
mailable you you've heard me say that
right I've said that a number of times
that they just have this black mailable
vibe to them like there's something
going on besides their political stuff
that somebody could blackmail them for
and Peter teal seems to think that it's
a necessity to get ahead that if you're
not
blackmail the people who really run the
country can't trust you they need to be
able to control you and so they prefer
people who have black mailable things
that the public doesn't yet
know now that would explain everything
now when I say it it sounds a little
crazy right when I say it seems to me
like they're favoring black mailable
people it sure looks that way but I
don't have any evidence of that however
when Peter teal says it um suddenly I
think was I right but he didn't show any
evidence either it's not like there's
some scientific study but he is way more
connected I think than I am in other
words he would would be closer to the
you know whatever is behind the curtain
and for him to say
this really got my attention it's
certainly short of something that is
confirmed but it looks like it and when
you're your observations are so
consistent over time it might be
confirmation bias but it's certainly
helpful to hear at least one other smart
person who's well connected to say
that's what it
is well let's talk about that um DNC and
KL Harris talked uh by the way um i'
like to make an announcement if you stay
till the end of my show today I've got a
special guest uh
Beyonce and after she's done Taylor
Swift will'll do a couple of tunes I
told her to keep it short and then
George W Bush George W bush will be here
as my special guest that's all
completely true
stop it stop acting like I just made
that
up this is the way you handle a big
event I learned that from the DNC yes
the DNC hinted that there would be a
special guest so that people wouldn't
turn off the TV before KL Harris was
there and then rumors started online
it's Beyonce but of course it wasn't
it's Taylor Swift but of course it
wasn't it's George W bush which was just
stupid because of course it wasn't but
it probably worked it probably kept
their numbers eye the the number of lies
that come out of the the Democrat side
is just it's just breathtaking it's just
everything all the time they they only
got one mode anyway uh remember ex press
secretary Jen
saki she said on MSNBC that KL Harris
well she was complimenting her and she
said that K Harris is likable she's very
likable if you meet her in person she's
got this
likable personal Vibe it's so likable
that uh Jens saki said that uh she's as
likable as Hillary
Clinton with her magical charismatic
quality so I saw a post from Eric
abinanti he said that that should be the
Republican slogan the Republicans should
run on the idea that kamla Harris is as
likable as Hillary
Clinton you know a as funny as that
comment is the thing that makes it funny
is that it would actually
work if if
tomorrow the uh you know the Republicans
erased every commercial that they have
just just dumped them all got rid of all
their signs all their slogans everything
on their website and they just went with
one
sentence that K Harris is as like a as
Hillary Clinton and never said anything
else about politics he could win I'm not
recommending it it's not going to happen
but yeah in in my mind I say you know
what nothing else makes a
difference at this point everybody has a
general idea what which direction the
policies would be in both both
cases you could just say she's a likable
as Hillary Clinton I don't know how many
people would register with that but it
worked for me
I saw the maze account on X say that the
DNC is like one big support group for
people who are imagining that Donald
Trump has hurt
them now that is the best summary it
looks like a support group for people
who imagined that Trump had hurt them
but also imagined that he will hurt them
again after the first time that they
imagined he hurt him that really does
capture everything if if you had heard
that Framing and said we've got a
Convention of people who uh have mental
problems and their specific mental
problems they believe that this one
person Donald Trump has hurt them and
he's coming back and he might do it
again that really would explain 100% of
Everything You observe that one frame
wouldn't leave out a thing they do act
exactly like he hurt them and they might
do it
again I don't know what they they're
thinking but but they sure look that way
well so K Harris gave her speech uh they
made that same mistake they made once
with uh Biden where they gave her a dark
and for boting background and put her in
a dark suit so she
looked she looked uh
professional she looked
presidential but evil at the same
time I'm sure you can do a background
that doesn't make you look
evil it could be done I I think I've
seen Trump do it for example you have
some nice lighting got a nice light
background you know you got a bunch of
flags she did have Flags but then she
had this weird dark dark look that just
looks
Sinister big mistake on the design
people I would
say um but the only thing I learned from
that is that Harris can still read
because she didn't talk about policies
which Trump was mocking her for she
talked about her childhood don't care
too
much and then she told a bunch of
obvious
lies and things that would get uh
Republicans killed and divide the
country that uh she said Trump will set
free violent
extremists I don't think there's any
chance of that do you he said he would
pardon the January 6 people but do you
really think he's going to Pardon
anybody who was violent I doubt
it I I I would think that that would be
an exception to his
pardons um she said that Trump was going
to jail journalists and political
opponents
well did he ever say
that has Trump ever said that he would
jail journalists and political opponents
I've never heard that have
you now the question of whether he
should
I think is uh in the ballpark of
nobody's Above the Law I mean they lawed
him Beyond any reasonable level and if
he decides to laware them
back I wouldn't be terribly in favor of
it because I think it would you know
tear the country apart but he certainly
has a right to do
it provided that they have done real
crimes and it's obvious
right if they haven't done real crimes
well no I don't want to laware anybody
for that's what they did to him
it's what they did to some of us you
know in a
way so she threw up all the all the
hoaxes look pure evil to me um I got to
say that whenever I see Trump demonized
this way as someone who would jail
journalists and political opponents and
set free violent extremists it it feels
personal meaning that she's really
painting half of the country or I don't
know 40% uh of the country as supporting
this person which sort of would make you
that person too if it were true I mean I
regard these as simply not true but if
you want to know how I take it I take it
as you're attacking
me I don't know do do Democrats get that
feeling when Trump talks it feel like
Trump is attacking them as as humans now
I know that they don't like you know
particular
policies but does he say things that
make you think he wants you to be
dead because when I read this I think do
you want me to be
dead would you think you'd be better off
if I support Trump and you think Trump's
so
dangerous wouldn't you be better off if
I were dead
so I mean to me that's really dangerous
rhetoric and it gets worse we'll talk
about Nancy py in a
second anyway to me the weirdest attack
is that Trump is in it for
himself and it's the weirdest attack
because it's the easiest one to debunk
now Trump has never done that and I
always wonder about that here here's the
easiest debunk to Trump's only in it for
himself
and this is something that Trump is good
at is putting it in the form of a
question if you put it in the form of a
question it's way more powerful debunk
and here would be the question I would
ask if I were
Trump how could I possibly get anything
that's good for me unless I do the best
job for the
country you know you're all watching
right you understand everybody's
watching everything a president does I
only have one path to get something
that's good for me and the Trump family
I've got to do the best possible job for
the country in public and let you watch
it anything short of that is a failure
for me personally if you think I'm this
big old narcissist who's only in it for
myself that's fine with me because the
only way I can get anything that's you
know good for my reputation or ego or
family or even future income of the
Trump family the only way anything good
happens for me
is if I absolutely nail it in giving the
American people what they want and need
and
deserve so if you think there's some way
I could benefit without you knowing it
and it would be somehow bad for you did
that happen in the first term now of
course people will say but bu Jared
Jared you know went off and got a deal
in Saudi Arabia but he's not part of the
administration and he's also not
Trump anyway
so I'm surprised he hasn't taken that
one on straight
on um msnbc's coverage was
entertainingly ridiculous so Rachel
madow looked at the camera and with
great sincerity and emotion told her
viewers
this quote you will remember where you
were she's talking about the Comm Harris
speech it was so powerful that you will
remember where you were the speech
tonight from the vice president of the
United States KL Harris really intr
introducing herself to the
nation uh you're going to remember where
you were on this night this was an
inflection point in
history that's your News Network
MSNBC it all looks like just mental
health just screaming for help
well how good are Trump's policies well
Trump's policies are so good that his
opponents decided not to talk about
policies when competing against them
they literally have to make up policies
that are not his to have something to
about what's the top thing in the
country economics do they go after Trump
on economics well good luck the the
country thinks that he's better on
economics so you don't do that
how about the Border well good luck
country thinks that Trump would be
better on the border how about
International
relationships good luck country thinks
that Trump would be better on that stuff
so what do you have
left you make up stuff look look at this
2025 Book Project 2025 these are all the
things that Trump's going to do no he
isn't he he already disavowed that book
he had nothing to do with the creation
of it
uh he's going to round up he's going to
round up all the journalists who don't
like him no he's
not nobody would be in favor of that
there's no Republican who would be okay
with arresting journalists because they
didn't say good things about Trump
nobody literally nobody would be in
favor of that no that's not going to
happen so if you have a an entire
convention that lasts
days and nobody can mention a real
policy of trump they only can make up
something so they have something to
 about that's a strong
campaign I would love to be in the
campaign that they can't talk about what
you're really doing or have really done
they can only talk about what you
haven't done or won't do that's
it now let's be fair does Trump do the
same thing and mischaracterize the
Harris
policies he does it
transparently so he would Trump will say
something like she was in favor of this
he'll acknowledge that her current view
might be
different but it's a it's a sign of her
character now that's not what we're
seeing from
Harris we're seeing that he's going to
do these things Trump says you know it's
something you know about the character
and she would probably bring these
sensibilities into the office and that's
actually a fair thing to say because if
you say we know what somebody's past
opinions are and it's not that far in
the past it's reasonable to assume that
they would bring that same mindset into
the
job what Harris does is say the opposite
of what Trump plans to do so Trump will
say I am not for a national ban on
abortion at the federal level what they
say is he's totally in favor of a
national ban well that's the opposite of
what he said he's not going to change
his mind on that
anyway
um I saw a uh user named Dandy on X he
said uh the only thing I can gather from
this convention is that somehow they
managed to sell the idea that they're
running against the people in office who
are also the speakers at the
convention that's true if you want to
know how deep the brainwashing
is the Democrats ran against them
eles saying that you know the things
that they've been doing hadn't been
working so you have to do it some other
way and then they brought on brought as
speakers the people who are the very
people who hadn't been getting it
done and I thought wow you can you can
really brainwash the public to believe
absolutely
anything so it does seem to me that
Harris is running against
herself um and that's the weirdest thing
I've ever
seen and even Trump said uh he he joked
about uh how she's had three and a half
years to fix this stuff so she's running
against herself she
is uh let's see how did the political
Consultants who we don't trust one bit
because they're all in the bag for one
candidate or another let's see Jonathan
jate uh well-known political writer said
quote Comm Harris gave the best AC
acceptance speech I've ever seen well
that does raise the question of how many
he's ever seen maybe it's the first one
but did anybody watch your speech and
say that's the best speech I ever
seen she never even talked better
policies and all she did was lie in in
really easily checkable ways and that
was the best acceptance speech I've ever
seen well there's this weird little uh
weird little event that happened at the
DNC that's getting a lot of play on
social media and I don't know how to
analyze this but I'll tell you what
people are saying so there's a video of
the wals family walking onto stage to
you know accept the Applause or whatever
and there there's four of them holding
hands so there's two children and the
parents and there's a point where wal
seems to take his son's hand and sort of
yank him almost
angrily now it's very it's a very uh
hard to spot thing if you were watching
it live you probably wouldn't have
noticed but on video you know you can
see it a little more dramatically so
maybe maybe it looked completely
different live but it's hard to explain
because when you see it you say why did
he do that because it didn't look like
the sun was not walking in the right
direction I mean they were holding hands
but he gave them like the yank the
almost like a little it almost looked
angry but there was nothing to be angry
about that we could see now it needs to
be said that his son I don't know what
the right words are about special needs
would that be the right phrase so son
has some
um some mental health problems I guess
and when you add that to the fact that
it looked like his father angrily gave
him a yank in his hand I'm not sure that
that's what happened by the way so I
think I'm going to
be um I'll talk about it as a
story but I think I think I'm going to
maybe surprise you a little bit and I'm
going to back the parent on this so
there's plenty of stuff for not liking
Tim Walls like politically if you don't
like his politics there's plenty to work
with so you don't need you don't need to
dig too deep to find reasons not support
him as as a future vice
president but since we
can't we can't know their relationship
we can't know what we can't read his
mind um I will tell you that the sun did
not react in any way that looked like it
was a problem he didn't react to it at
all so I feel
like maybe it's a little creepy to get
in you know to insert ourselves into
that
relationship whatever Tim is done to
raise two kids that's not going to be my
point of criticism we don't know his
situation we don't know the son's
thinking the son is clearly very much in
favor of his father I mean he was crying
with tears you know as his father was
you know accepting the nomination so the
kid himself looks like a really sweet
kit and I don't think that he was any of
the worst for whatever happened and it
it could be that it may have been as
simple as dad was getting his attention
for something you know just make sure he
kept him in the game so it might be the
video makes it look worse than it is uh
I I will I'm going to give you two
opinions that seem like they're
contradictory but maybe not when you see
it on video it's
disturbing so don't get me wrong I found
it
disturbing but there's too much we don't
know and so to you know complete the
story in our heads that's a little too
far for me just we just don't know what
that was about but it it raises a flag
if you said raises a little flag I'd
agree with you on that but I won't go so
far as to say that therefore he's
beating his children or something like
that no evidence of
that all right
um let's see uh msnbc's uh Joy Reed was
was talking about the quote men of the
democratic
party and uh she said they were
portraying something that uh she called
21st century
masculinity and some of the other MSNBC
hosts were talking about it and the idea
is that they're defining what a real man
is so a real man is not you know Dana
White with his muscles and his success
and his confidence and his
Swagger who needs that right uh um
they're saying that a real man is
somebody who can support a woman to be
their leader so a real man is somebody
who takes a secondary position to a
strong woman in this case and uh all of
those supportive uh caring empathetic
things that women do a real man is going
to be strong but also but also have
these other
characteristics here's my take on that
it ain't a man if you have to explain
it should I go on or is that
enough if you have to explain
it it's not a
man the the the most the most obvious
statement of what a man is is you can
tell when you look at it if a woman has
to explain to you that that's a real
man I'm sorry that process doesn't
work how about when I see Trump take a
bullet and get back up and yell I say to
myself that's a man did anybody need to
explain that to me nobody needed to
explain it no that was there was
right now I'm not saying that everything
that the quote real men do is you know
acceptable and legal and appropriate not
at all but I never wonder who the real
men are
are if you need to explain it to me and
make a make an intellectual argument for
who the real men
are well that's sort of a
tell anyway here's what Nancy Peli said
uh I'm roughly uh paraphrasing her she
said that Trump is a threat to the
Democracy threat to freedom and she
likened it to a Thomas pay and Lincoln
situation and I said to myself Thomas
Payne wasn't he the guy who said we need
to pick up arms against our
oppressors in fact you know during the
Revolutionary War
Lincoln Lincoln interesting choice
wasn't Lincoln the president who was
shot because he wasn't popular for
everywhere for uh freeing the
slaves um
is Nancy police Pelosi giving the public
permission to kill this guy that's what
it looks like to me to me this looks
like how you activate somebody like
atomas Crooks somebody who's maybe not
the greatest at understanding the world
but can be weaponized by being told that
if they would just do this one horrible
thing you know shoot Lincoln at the Ford
Theater you'll be maybe hiled as a hero
to me this is a encouraging violence at
a level where I ask myself where where
is the uh where's the guideline on that
at what point is that literally just
invoking
violence I believe you can get kicked
off of X if you encourage violence am I
wrong that would be one of the things
that Free Speech has a you know somewhat
acceptable you know limit to it if you
encourage
violence you get kicked off the platform
which is why I tell you as often as
possible I'm against violence in every
context sometimes you can observe it and
sometimes you you know you just know
that it was inevitable but you can't
encourage
it my interpretation of her comments are
that she walked right up to the line of
encouraging the worst kind of violence
against a political leader well I guess
they're all bad
but one kind affects the whole country
so if I had to judge Nancy Pelosi and KL
Harris on their ethics it would be the
lowest grade there there isn't a grade
below this unless you're actually
murdering people yourself but getting
right up to this line and knowing you're
doing it this is obviously very
intentional um
that's the most
disrespectful
disgusting unethical immoral thing
you'll ever see now let's check
ourselves does Trump do this if Trump
does it too then I'm going to say to
myself oh now Trump does talk about
illegal
immigrants in a way that makes you
say is this going to cause people to you
know do violence against illegal
immigrants has it
yet I don't I don't I'm not familiar
with any story in which a an American
citizen did some violence to an
immigrant because it was an
immigrant or because that Trump said
something I've never seen
it so it does seem that what Trump does
is talk about something we can all
observe we can observe the people are
coming across the border we can observe
that some number of them
murder so when he talks about that is
that encouraging violence or is it
encouraging us to defend ourselves from
violence so I think Trump is still in
the clearly acceptable range of
discussion I don't think daneli is and I
don't think K Harris is when they talk
about was stealing your freedom and
stuff and you know being an
insurrectionist you know some of it is
just normal political talk if if if a
candidate says oh they're taking away
your freedom that alone isn't going to
cause violence because it just sounds
like political talk but if you pair that
with well he did try to take over the
country once and he's this unstable
crazy narcissist he's a psychopath
doesn't care about anything but himself
if you start adding it all together he
sounds like somebody who's literally
really dangerous in the real world
which he's not as far as I can
tell so that's that all right RFK Junior
I I believe I heard that Trump has a
secret guest today at his rally and we
heard that RFK Jr has pulled out of
Arizona from the presidential race which
you wouldn't do if you were planning to
stay in so the rumors seem to be pretty
strong and consistent and we don't see
any denials when there's plenty of time
to deny for example Nicole Shanahan has
not made it a
denial and it looks like something's
going to happen now I'm going to stop
short of saying that the rumors are true
so the rumors are that RFK Jr is going
to endorse
Trump and in return would you know get
some role in the government I think it's
going to
be less than that
I'm not saying those things won't happen
but I think it by today's rally it might
not be as strong as
that it might be a little
circumspect so it could be for example
I'm just speculating now it could be
that RFK Jr doesn't want to do an
unambiguous complete endorsement of
trump because that might be too far I
mean the reason he was running against
Trump and against Biden at the time was
because he thought the two candidates
didn't have the
goods if he had from the very beginning
thought everything Trump was doing was
the good stuff he wouldn't have
rot
so here's what would make me feel like
honesty had happened because I'll tell
you the one thing that I most appreciate
about Kennedy and Shanahan I don't think
they lied about the other
team can you give me any
example H have either of them at
anytime said something about the other
candidates that you said well that's
just a lie that's not true you just made
up something so you can complain about
it I don't think I saw it once did any
of you see that did any of you see
anybody in the Kennedy Shanahan campaign
say anything that was an insult to any
American or or something that was a
clear political lie now now you have
seen things where people interviewed
Kennedy and accused him of lying in the
past about vaccinations and stuff and
then he gives us explanation and you can
check for yourself but I haven't seen
him get caught in an actual lie I've
seen you know things interpreted that he
said that he had to clarify Etc but it's
very unusual to have somebody well two
candidates that are that completely
honest about what they want to do and
what the other people want to do
so here's where RFK JR could find a
honest middle ground it's not going to
look honest if it's a unambiguous
endorsement of trump I wouldn't buy it
honestly I wouldn't buy it it would look
like that looks like a guy who wants a
job or something I mean it just wouldn't
it wouldn't sell here's what I think he
can say president Trump and I do not
agree on
everything but the Democratic party has
turned into a
monstrosity and the president's approach
to um border control and some other
issues which I consider the important
ones are far stronger than the other the
other campaign and uh the Democrats have
just completely Fallen apart and you
just can't support that anymore now that
would be completely honest we don't
agree on every policy but there are some
big big things in which Trump gets it
right and the other side just can't be
supported with what they're doing it's
just too too dishonest Etc now I don't
think that anything will happen in terms
of a promise of a role in the
administration unless it's something
general like you know I I hope you could
work in my Administration well you know
maybe we can find a way to be productive
you know so it's going to be some
generalities about that um but I hope
I hope that Kennedy is completely
transparent about this not being an
Embrace of all things Mega and then I
think that I think he's a
hero so he's already a hero in in my
mind you know the important
place the all the important things
happen in my mind not in the real world
but in my mind Kennedy and Shanahan are
heroes because they did make this
chronic illness
medical situation
um a top conversation and if and if you
know endorsing
Trump can make it an even higher
priority that's that's hero stuff that's
hero stuff that's even better than
president in my opinion if he could pull
that off it would be one of the greatest
Feats in
American productive American history you
know where you're moving stuff in the
right
direction and and he got there without
lying amazing
really so what else has happened um
Trump says he's not he didn't want any
intelligence briefings which he could
get as a candidate if he wanted because
he's worried that he would get a he
would get a briefing about some secret
stuff and then the secret stuff briefing
people would leak it and then everybody
would think that Trump leaked it because
they'd blame him so they tell him
something they'd leak it and then they
blame him for being the leak so Trump
says that's what he's worried about is
that is that a realistic
worry that any briefings would be a
setup to say that he leaked
it I think so I think that is an actual
a legitimate worry now I don't know if
that's the reason he doesn't get him he
might think that they're
fake for example the intelligence people
some of them have said out loud that
they don't think they can trust him with
the real intelligence and that they
would give him like intelligence light
you know the stuff without the good
stuff if he knew that the only
intelligence that they were going to
give him was the obvious stuff
and that they weren't going to tell him
anything good unless it was a
setup yeah there was no reason to be
briefed you know every time Trump shows
you a new version of reality you say to
yourself why didn't I see that on my own
here's the version of
reality remember you used to think that
watching the news was useful it's not
it's all lies remember you when you
thought science was honest and if the
scientists agreed that pretty much
guaranteed it was true nope no scientist
agreeing doesn't mean anything what
about um you know so basically the news
is fake the data is fake the science are
fake and now Trump is telling you that
intelligence briefings are
fake if I'd heard this 15 years ago I
would say that's
ridiculous that's ridiculous but now I
think oh obviously they're fake because
they don't want to tell them the good
stuff so of course they're not going to
they said it I mean you know one some of
the top intelligence people have said it
out loud we'd be afraid to give them the
good stuff I think Brandon said that
so yes Trump would get nothing he didn't
already know because they would leave
out the good stuff and it would just be
a trap for them to say that he's a
leaker so he's completely right not so
much that the leak part is the important
part but that the briefings would have
no
value what's he going to do with that is
he going to change his policies cuz he
heard a secret thing probably
not yeah what's the point of it so so
every time you think something is
important and then you find out I
thought my whole life this was important
and then you find out it's not it's just
a mind you it's just a mind spinner my
mind is still spinning about the fact
that it's true that national security
briefings for the guy who's likely to be
the next president wouldn't have any
value like that's hard for me to get my
head around but I do believe that in
this specific case I believe it
meanwhile the Georgia state election
board they passed this new measure for
the elections that the number of Voters
casting ballots must match the number of
ballots
counted what is the story is the story
that the new procedure is that the
number of Voters has to equal the number
of votes or is the story that it wasn't
true before
apparently the number of Voters didn't
need to match the number of
votes how about
that so there's your there's your most
secure election in American history
where the number of Voters didn't need
to
match the number of
votes until
now now here's my second
question um
was this only an issue in
Georgia was Georgia the only place where
the number of Voters didn't have to
match the number of
votes
the let me tell you as clearly as
possible if the filter you put on our
election system in terms of how fair and
unrigged they are if the filter you put
on it was the experts told me it was
completely
secure oh you're so
lost you're so lost how about take it up
a level all the experts agreed that it's
the elections are too hard to rig it's
very
fair that doesn't mean anything all the
all the experts agreed all the experts
didn't check the machines all the
experts can't even describe the system
in every
state how would the experts know if
somebody hacked into it and was so good
at it they could get away with with it
what expert would know that here's the
filter you should put on it not the
experts said it's true put the dilber
filter on
it all right so you know what the dilver
comic is it's about Mass incompetence
being normal not the exception so that's
the Dilbert filter Mass incompetence is
universal and normal it's just that big
companies are good at hiding it from
their customers because the customer
might just see the product
so if you apply that to the Secret
Service guarding the president suddenly
everything makes sense now there is a
question to whether they were extra
incompetent intentionally that's still
an open question but incompetence can
explain just about everything you see in
the
news and when I look at the elections
you've got 50 plus uh different entities
doing handling
elections you've got hundreds of people
maybe thousands involved in every
state they don't do the job every day as
like paid paid employees or a lot of
volunteers so they have to be retrained
every time the process for the election
itself changes every year for example
this new Georgia uh procedure is new so
you'd have to train people on that and I
could go on and on about the complexity
and the number of people involved but
when you have this level of
complexity you have that number of
people
involved they're not the permanent
employees they just come in as needed
for an election most of them every part
of that screams that there isn't there
isn't the slightest chance that we even
know what's going on in the
election it's the same filter I put on
climate change yep there are all these
thermometers around the world and we've
got all these crack employees in
different parts of the world checking
those
thermometers no there's no situation in
in human history in which you could make
that work that being a big complicated
thing where you got different technology
in different places and the
environment's changing and the heat
islands are moving and they're all
different countries and different
languages and they're they're checking
these thermometers all about half the
time they don't even
check do do you think every single time
in some other country the person goes
through the junk
and then writes down correctly you know
the numbers from the
machine the thermometer or sometimes do
they say ah it's probably the same as
last year I'll just bump it up at
0.1 and then you get paid the same
whether you looked at it or just said
you looked at it now maybe there's some
logs where they would get caught if they
did that but who checks the
logs so my point is whenever you see any
system that's vast and has lots of
people involved
it's always a
mess W with those of you who have
experience in large organizations of any
kind can you confirm this for maybe the
other people who don't have this
experience if you've worked in any big
entity would you confirm that they're
all just a disaster if you know what's
happening behind the curtain they're all
a disaster it's just that over time some
of these disasters can produce an iPhone
and then you say wow industry is
awesome all
right um so KL Harris is trying to be
pro-israel and pro Palestinian but uh
apparently she can pull that off because
her her customers don't care about
anything except not having Trump in
office yeah I think we should stop
pretending that anybody's influenced by
the policies except a handful of um
Independence but people who would go to
the DNC or even watch the
DNC they don't care what the policies
are they just want less Trump that's all
they need so yeah Harris is pulling off
the I'm I'm for both sides
okay
um so who's going to get the Boost from
the uh
DNC so you'd suspect the Democrats would
get a little boost but it's working the
other way um the polls might show a
boost because I think most of the polls
are rigged at this point with
oversampling of Democrats but the
betting markets turned negative on her
so when she should have been getting a
boost the people who had actual money to
put on it they said I think we trust her
a little bit less by the end of this so
that's a pretty expensive uh event to
put on to reduce your credibility
anyway
um now the daily wire says the betting
sites to betting sites have moved in
Trump's Direction they think part of it
could be that revision of the jobs thing
88,000 jobs
revised which means that the biomics
wasn't working nearly as well as they've
been claiming and now we know and the
other part might be the Kennedy alleged
potential endorsement so the betting
markets might be ahead of reality
there all right uh there's a h article
on sa
poost as in
psii um the Democrats rarely have
Republicans as romantic partners and
vice versa did you know that um having a
mixed marriage where you got a Democrat
and a republican were married uh only 8%
of
marriages they disagree on
politics now I would I would say that
makes sense especially in our current
situation but um I would love to know if
the marriage where the the 8% of the
people I wonder if they have better
results of staying married or worse you
know if the 8% who do get married and
one's a Democrat one's a republican if
they can stay married longer maybe we
learn something but if they get divorced
much faster maybe we've learned
something else I'd love to know that
that'd be that'd be this stat I'd like
to see but we are not surprised that the
the country is so divided that we can't
reproduce that's right the country is so
divided that we've lost the ability to
reproduce a replacement level and I
think this is a big part of
it you know it used to be that if
somebody was you know mildly leaning in
the other direction on politics you
wouldn't even care that much it just
wouldn't even part of your you know if
they didn't watch TV and you know go to
events they just sort of mildly had an
opinion maybe even would vote
differently than you that's not a big
deal but today everybody's an
activist everybody either has to love
Trump or hate him and he's the devil you
can't really have that in your
house you can't have that kind of
disagreement in your house all right
here's an update on H Hamas and Gaza and
is
this is from Saul sadka on the xplatform
seems to be pretty tapped into what's
going on over there so here here are the
claims from
Saul um and I know he's smart I don't
know too much about him but he follows
me on X so obviously he's pretty smart
just like the rest of you follow
me anyway he's he says that in a longer
post that I recommend you read because
it's really interesting he says the
humas um are contained and almost
totally
defeated so there's as much containment
as there is defeat meaning that uh
allegedly
177,000 of the humas enemies were killed
already and uh at the cost of
330 um Israeli soldiers who died and
they've got 5,000 prisoners of
war and they're you know taking out
many more as they keep fighting but
apparently now Israel has succeeded in
creating what is called strategic
corridors so it looks like
they're uh putting Gaza into sort of a
grid not not a um symmetrical grid where
it's you know boxes or anything like
that but they're covering they're
they're basically breaking Gaza into
Parts where if you wanted to get from
one of those parts to the other you'd
have to go across some kind of strategic
Corridor and that would be very
dangerous because the IDF would control
it now so that gives them the ability to
stop you know weapons and
resupply of of at least
weapons and it also isolates in one part
of Gaza they think even sinir is areas
they the Hamas so they think the
whatever's left of the
leadership um is in one little section
that's now completely surrounded and
they can't resupply and they can't get
out so that would suggest that Israel's
plan of what they call Total
Victory um might be slow but is now
guaranteed meaning that the only thing
that could stop them from having 100%
control over you know every body and
hole in Gaza is that they're stopped
before they get there but nothing would
stop them unless the external situation
stopped them so they now have have
complete
control um it's a it's a whole different
situation and by the way this is what
Israel said on day one that the the the
understanding of Gaza would be different
you know it's not going to be the same
place so the whole conversation about uh
two State
solution I don't see that
happening but it's not up to me so I'm
not giving you an opinion and I'm not
giving you a
preference I'm just observing like the
rest of you and I don't see any chance
that there would be a two-state
solution to me that just sounds like
something that people have to say so
that they don't look like they're
monsters it's just something you say I
used to think it was real by the way
actually at one point I was in favor of
it but then I realized it's it doesn't
matter what I'm in favor
of at some point I realized I have
nothing to do with that I'm just
watching so you can predict but what
you're in favor of doesn't make any
difference all right that ladies and
gentlemen is all I have I'm going to say
bye to the YouTube and Rumble folks I'm
going to talk to privately the people on
uh locals if I can remember to hit the
correct button this
time and uh as everybody confirmed that
we didn't stream on X maybe we did did
anybody see it on x
anyway
uh
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e