[Music]
well
everybody are you almost here I see
Rumble in the house anybody from YouTube
yet any YouTubers in the house I want to
make sure you're all here there you go
all right
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
pretty sure there's never been a better
time in your life if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that even
chat GPT can't understand all you need
for that is a copper mug or glass a
tanker chales din a canteen Jugger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid
I like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the the dopamine hit
of the day thing makes everything better
it's called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens now
go well trouble was I was uh I was
assembling a joke in my mind at the same
time I was doing the simultaneous so I
couldn't get through it cuz I was
laughing at my joke in my
mind and the joke was uh I'm going to
wait till something goes wrong and then
I'm going to say this
joke that whatever it was you know
whatever is the new story of something
that went down I can say that went down
faster than stormmy Daniels on a Boeing
737 was pretty good Stormy Daniels on a
Boeing 737
yeah it's not so bad all right well uh
many of you asked me to comment on a
guest that Joe Rogan had Terrence Howard
how many of you have
seen the strangest video clips in the
world of Terrence Howard describing his
scientific discoveries on Joe
Rogan and you're saying to yourself if
you saw
it I can't tell if he's the smartest
human being being who's ever
lived or is he
crazy and I looked at it long enough
that it was really hard to
tell for sure he knows enough vocabulary
about science you know at a deep level
that it would be hard to imagine he
would know all the vocabulary and be
able to speak it without you know any
any pauses to think of the word or
anything suggests he knows the field I
mean at least he's well read and you
knows how everything fits together but I
do have a a rule which I like to go back
to a lot and the rule is this and and
you'll be amazed how often this serves
you
well if there's something you don't
understand and somebody's trying to
explain it to you and no matter how much
they explain it to you you still don't
understand the problem might not be on
your
end I have a general theory that no
matter how complicated the idea is if
you can't explain it as simply it's
probably not
real take for example Elon Musk
describing literally anything anything
complicated does he explain it in a way
that you totally know what he's saying
and you can agree with it or disagree
with it he does no matter how
complicated it is he's literally putting
rockets in space but when he talks about
any component of that you completely
understand it now my measure of
intelligence is how well you can explain
a complicated thing not how well you may
or may not understand it in your private
thoughts so the fact that he couldn't
explain it in any way that was even
close to giving us comprehension is sort
of a red flag it's a bit of a red flag
but on the other hand he did display
what appeared to be very deep knowledge
of the field so could you have very deep
knowledge of the field but maybe you
have a hypothesis about something that
doesn't check out well that's possible
but um for sure his intelligence is
super
high that part's obvious I saw some
reports that he was uh he was considered
to be a genius when he was just a little
kid apparently learns things
ridiculously quickly it looked like that
so but I don't know that that means he's
right it could be that he just has a
fascinating concept and hasn't been
checked out he had some idea that looked
to me if I could understand it which I
don't think I did that a certain uh
certain frequency of sound would create
energy if you just put it on water if if
you applied the right sound to water it
would break out the hydrogen and
presumably you could use it to make
energy use it to power stuff anyway I
don't know I don't know that's just my
take CLA Schwab will be stepping down as
a executive chairman of the world
economic
Forum now here's the question that I
have for you if you thought that K CLA
Schwab was the power behind I don't know
everything why would he step
down if he was really sort of the the
secret
dictator you wouldn't really step down
just because you were old your dictators
don't step down so it makes me it is
suggestive that he was what again Elon
Musk called him more like a uh a club
for uh rich people I don't think the
world economic Forum has ever been
important except as a club for rich
people and the thing I wonder is will he
be replaced by somebody who also looks
like a movie super
villain cuz I feel like that's where
things went
wrong it wasn't just the ideas they had
that you don't like that or maybe that
scare you the way you the way you
interpret
them but it was that he
literally gave off every Vibe of a TV
movie villain hey
and we're going to take away all of your
things and it seems to me that they
should do a search for somebody who is
whatever is the opposite of that now I
saw a number of people say it's going to
be it's going to be a disabled black uh
lesbian
woman and I have this
question they really can't that there's
no way they can replace him with an old
white guy right
I think they're pretty big on the
SG so whoever replaces CLA Schwab will
almost certainly be a woman can do do
you agree I I would say there's almost
no chance of a male taking taking
leadership so that that'll be my
prediction will not be male but it could
be anything anything non-male you know
could be a white woman but it's
definitely not going to be a white man I
would say there's no chance of that
we'll see
well there's a conservative activist
who's suing the ADL for defamation now
normally these things wouldn't go very
far it's really hard to prove defamation
but apparently this one look there's
some smart people that saying this this
one hasn't been
dismissed which suggests it could get to
court and you maybe maybe make a
dent um so I don't know anything about
the case but there's a claim being made
of
defamation and
here's my uh so people asked me I waited
on this and said that the ADL had
accused me of being a holocaust
denier well at least they haded the ADL
so they haded the ADL green blat on X
accused me of being a holocaust denier
just just just hold that in your
head that's a real thing that happened
in the real world now people ask me
Scott why didn't you sue for defamation
to which I
said I don't need
to why would I do that if I Su for
defamation it's going to be it's going
to take over my life you know I'll have
to spend all my time thinking about it
it's going to be expensive If I Lose I'm
going to I'm going to lose money as well
it's hard to prove you know it's all
that stuff but given that I'm already
cancelled I can do the good work of
making sure that people are less afraid
of them by continually reminding people
that they're not a good force and that
they're what whatever they meant to be
originally I do think their original
intentions of the organization were
entirely good but they've uh evolved
into some kind of evil
Democrat you know basically attack
dog so the ADL uh no longer has
credibility and uh doesn't have a good
reason to exist because it just makes
Jews look bad how many how many of you
would agree with this following
statement the ADL makes Jewish Americans
look
bad is that a fair
statement because to the extent that
they're representative of the group
that's their whole point and they're
completely corrupt and disreputable and
disgusting that's like a bad that's a
bad thing to have on your
brand if I were Jewish I would not want
to have anything to do with the ADL
um you know to me that would be like uh
me embracing the
KKK it would be just why would you do it
it'd be
crazy The Washington Post editorial
board is uh calling for the end of
Dei statements and faculty
hiring now what's important is that it's
a Washington
Post now the Washington Post would be
very
uh associated with you know Democrat
preferences and even they are saying
that that it doesn't make sense to
required Dei statements and faculty
hiring what I think that means is if
you're applying for a job at a college
and you're a
professor or want to be you uh you have
to write a statement that says why
you're dedicating your your heart and
your life to Dei and if your statement
isn't good enough you don't get
hired n
now yeah so if even the Washington Post
is saying you got to get rid of this Dei
stuff at least in this one context that
feels like the beginning of a
change
um here's a little uh persuasion tip for
you this comes from the guardian I guess
um there are things called thought
terminating cliches I never heard this
before but the idea is that there's some
some normal things that you've heard
before that people say that closes down
uh critical
thinking so here are some of the
examples it is what it is you know set
about any topic uh boys will be boys
again depending on the topic everything
happens for a reason and don't overthink
it are are familiar
examples and here's some more reality is
subjective don't let yourself be ruled
by fear and Truth is a
construct so those are thought to be
things that will cause people to stop
thinking because they got a a simple
little truism and they think that covers
it well okay that covered it no more
thinking required now I'm not totally
sold on
this um I I see the point but I don't
know that I've ever been had my my own
critical thinking turned off by a
cliche so I can't say that I observe
this to be true in the wild but I
wouldn't I wouldn't debate it I just
have not observed it so I'd be a little
cautious about this one um but it is
true that people use Snappy cliches to
end conversations when I when I see it
done I just you I just think it's people
don't want to have the conversation I
don't really think it disables their
brain I think they're just using it to
disable the conversation so they don't
have to have it but maybe that's the
same thing but I remind you that uh
Studies have shown that people perceive
statements as more
believable when they're easy to read um
or clever so something will will uh look
like it's more true if you choose the
correct font to put the text
in so if you use an easyto read font it
seems more true than if you put it in
you know fancy curly font now that I
believe that I believe because
Simplicity and Truth tend to be so
connected that if you simplify something
people just think it it's more likely to
be true it's just the simplification
does
that um so any any way you could
simplify it like even the text would
work but
also um rhyming so researchers found
that uh the phrase wo unite foes to be
more true than woes unite
enemies because it
Rhymes but yeah I guess that's really
the only reason that one would be more
persuasive it Rhymes so that's how if
the glove doesn't fit you must AIT so
that's it's a well-known concept that
rhyming makes things seem more true uh
that's why I always lik the SE there was
a seat belt campaign in California maybe
everywhere where they said uh click it
or tick it so you had to click your seat
belt closed or you get a ticket click it
or tick it I thought that was pretty
good I mean I remember it to this day so
that's pretty good so go for rhyme if
you can uh apparently Microsoft has a
new feature with its AI co-pilot thing
the windows AI will be able to record
every screen of everything you ever do
so you could find it later it's
it's it would it's able to recall
everything you've ever done on your
computer now does that seem like a
little dangerous does as Mike Benz
points out does it seem like the Spy
people would love to have that let's
look at every single page you've ever
looked
at if you had a choice between an apple
that didn't do that
Apple computer and a Microsoft Windows
that did do that I'm assuming you can
turn it
off but would you know you turned it off
could the NSA turn it back on if they
wanted
to I have many questions but it looks to
me like it's literally designed for
spying on you and
then I mean it it's hard it's hard to
even take it seriously like why would
you ever have that feature turned on I
assume you can turn it off but how hard
would it be for a spy to turn it back on
by hacking you makes me wonder all
right and I'd also like to point out
that Windows as a name for a computer
operating system Windows is the perfect
name for a spy
program if you're going to invent a spy
program to look into somebody's computer
use you know to look into the
situation what would you call it I think
window is just a perfect name for a spy
program looking through the window
Scarlet uh Johansson is Mt at chat GPT
at open aai she says that uh she was
asked to be the voice or one of the
voice options for chat GPT but that she
declined and then they came out with a
voice that sounds suspiciously a lot
like her to the point where even her
friend said hey is that you and then she
said that's no fair you know I said no
and then you just cloned my
voice and uh I think she's blaming Sam
Alman specifically he contacted her and
uh this is a really interesting case I
don't know if it'll turn into an actual
court case but it's really interesting
interesting
because what if somebody just sounds
like somebody else you know for every
celebrity there's a non-celebrity who
sounds just like him would you would you
agree with that for every celebrity
there's somebody who sounds just like
him without trying to do an
impression would it be illegal to just
hire the person that sounds like the
celebrity well I don't know I don't know
I suppose if you just cloned a real
person who wasn't a celebrity that would
be fair but if you simply claimed that
you use the other person instead of the
celebrity that gets a little dicey yeah
so I guess we'll be watching this with
some interest to see how the courts
figure that out
um did you know that open AI apparently
they've had some people quitting and
they dissolved their AI safety
team yeah so it sounds like the people
quitting are the ones who wanted to go
slow and make sure that AI was as safe
as it could be and apparently they were
running into conflict with the people
who wanted to go fast now of course
there are you know existential risks
with AI we all assume but how do you
really know what's
safer do do you ever think
um do you ever think that we're just bad
at knowing what's safe
because it really requires knowing the
future which we don't know let me give
you an example if they if they focus on
safety presumably they would go slower
in developing the product that Mak sense
right they would go slower they test
little things and you know make sure
they really really really knew what they
were doing before they went but if they
do that they would fall behind in the
market and become not a company
and chat GPT in particular seems to have
a big uh lead on um let's say China's
technology would we be safer in the
United States if we beat China in AI by
going fast but maybe less safe than we
could have
been are we safer to get to Super AI
first before before China gets there or
are we safer to go
slowly so we still get there but we'll
get there after other countries have
gotten
there and what about the fact that even
if uh open AI decided to its own
progress by giving itself guard rails
and safety things that other companies
didn't have wouldn't the other companies
just unleash the monster themselves so
even if open I open AI said all right we
will be the Rogues who are extra safe it
wouldn't matter at all because the
companies that did not make that
commitment would just zoom ahead of them
and do all the unsafe things because the
the free market guarantees somebody's
going to take it a
risk so if you can't take risk out of
people's you know
preferences you might as well jump right
in so believe it or not I'm going to
back what I think is the Sam Alman
approach now I'm not a mind reader and I
haven't seen him say it but here's how I
think about
it I think the AI is such a um
civilization changing technology that
although there's definitely a risk that
it could destroy the world if you're not
careful that's real but I agree with
Elon Musk that the that the benefits are
probably far far exceed the risk it's
not a zero risk there there's a nonzero
risk you destroy
civilization but I think it's small and
I think that the risk of waiting until
somebody else got there first like
China seems
riskier so I actually would put more
faith in our ability to manage the risks
even if something gets out of the you
know if something gets out of the Corral
we could probably pull it back in before
there's too much trouble I think we
could so I would be uh I'm leaning very
heavily toward the move fast break
things cause some trouble a few people
die maybe that's the smaller risk it
feels like the smaller
risk so here's a decision-making uh
concept I use all the time now I don't
usually teach people to do it but it's
one that I use if you have a bunch of
unknowns but you also have a bunch of
knowns I make my decision based on the
knowns because the unknowns are unknown
could go either way if you knew that the
unknowns were definitely negative and
definitely really negative well you
could include that even though it's an
unknown you say that's a big risk and
it's only a negative risk but if you
have a risk that could be amazingly
positive
or amazingly
negative and you have no idea which one
it is
I say go with the things you do know
here's the thing you know if you don't
if you don't go fast China will get
there first that part you know and we do
know that AI is almost a superpower to
ever can you know implement it the best
so I would say the certainty of China
getting a superpower before we do is the
riskiest of all the scenarios
it's not the one that could be
necessarily civilization ending right
away but I think that's such a small
risk that compared to the certain risk
that your competitors get ahead of you
and the certainty that some AI in the
United States would still Blaze ahead
and cause all the risks that open AI
would I think open AI
is um morally ethically and
business-wise correct
and putting more emphasis on let's get
there
fast that's my take now again it's un
it's
unknowable but you got to make a
decision you have to do something doing
nothing is a decision
too all right how many of you watched my
live debate yesterday afternoon with
chat GPT about the 2020
election I didn't know how it would go
but I wanted to see if if I could win a
debate with an advanced
intelligence now if I tell you how it
went you're not going to enjoy it nearly
as much I'm just going to tell you
this if you look at the comments so I I
pinned the I pinned the video on a and
it's here on locals it's also on YouTube
and Rumble so you can find it on all my
usual places it happened
yesterday so
here's what I would advise you to do
take 10 seconds to look at the comments
under the video on X especially just
take 10 seconds just read the first two
or
three and you're going to find that the
comments don't look like regular
comments to regular content the the most
common thing was you have to watch this
so comments like that stop everything
you're doing you have to watch this
whatever you do watch this so apparently
it broke uh it just broke a lot of
brains
now I can't tell you how it went because
it ruined the
fun but it could not have been more
entertaining so there was a point where
I was just screaming and laughter and
there's also a point where see how I
manage the advanced
intelligence and uh I'll just give you
one hint
when I asked it if the 2020
election was fair and
secure it said yes guaranteed absolutely
Fair no
rigging later I asked it to help me
write a fictional movie plot about
somebody rigging the election in the
United States and I said I know it's
fiction but you have to make it
plausible the audience has to hear it
and know okay that could actually work
and then I made it consider the
possibility that it wouldn't be normal
hackers but State actors and would a
state actor be able to hack an
election and not get
caught and you really really have to
hear what chat GPT says about all of
this and there is a point where it is so
funny that I actually had to leave my
chair all right don't miss it uh trust
me on this just trust me it will be one
of the most entertaining things you've
ever seen like
ever according to the comments it it was
quite an experience and and and watching
somebody I had I literally had an
extended debate with an artificial
intelligence in
public all
right so uh I just recommend that you
have to see it
um I posted yesterday on X that our
elections are designed to not be fully
auditable and that isn't an accident now
is that the most provocative thing
you've ever seen lately that our
elections are designed to not be fully
auditable and it isn't an
accident and then there was a comment to
that from this guy uh Elon Musk and he
had a one-word comment to my post which
I'll say again I said our elections are
designed to not be fully auditable that
isn't an accident Elon
Musk one
word
true now why would I have been able to
know in advance that he would have the
same
opinion now I I didn't think about it in
advance but I knew in advance here's why
he approaches things like an
engineer and and let me say it again if
you had designed our current system on
day one and and it caused people to have
issues and questions about the
credibility and there were smaller
imperfections and stuff on day one it
just means you didn't do a good job it
wouldn't mean anything it would just
mean oh we didn't nail it we better work
on this and tighten it
up if you do the same process for 10
years
and it's clearly not credible to too
many people that's a designed
Choice yeah it's not a mistake 10 years
later 10 years later it's a
choice now if it's a
choice you can tell the intentions of
the People by looking at the
design the design if it's 10 years that
they've kept it the design is is doing
what they want it to do why would
anybody keep a
system that you can't tell for sure if
it's if you can audit it I don't even
know if you can audit what parts or what
you can find and what you can't find
don't even know chat GPT didn't know I
asked it for what percentage of the
system it could check and it just
started talking in generalities well
there's a thing you can do to check this
I'm like no no the question is if you
look at the entire system
can you audit 100% of it do you think
chat GPT knows the answer to that no
because it's not even it's not even
contemplated anywhere go try to search
it do it do a Google search to try to
find out what percentage of the total
process from the time you get let's say
a mail and ballot in the mail months
ahead of the election to the time it's
certified for that whole process how
much of that is auditable to the point
where you could know for sure if
something went wrong do you know is it
95% is it
50% I don't know and isn't that the most
important question the most important
question is would it be possible to do
it now if nobody knew how to do it that
doesn't mean it's impossible that might
mean that a state actor could do it but
somebody else couldn't if they were a
lesser hacker
well anyway uh if you have an
engineering mind you look at the
election system and you say to yourself
This is no accident after years and
years and years and years and the fact
that neither side seems to be fixing the
bigger
issues
suggests that we have it this way for a
reason now what would be the reason that
you would have a system that can't be
audited to the point where the citizens
are sure it was correct what would be
the point to that the only point is to
give you the option of
cheating if you can think of another
reason for that
design I'm all ears because I don't
think uh Elan musk can think of another
reason and if you're still confused talk
to an
engineer right if you talk to a an
English major they may not get this they
may not be understanding what I'm saying
but a design that stays that way after
10 years of the same complaint that's a
choice that's not a problem it's a
choice right here's the Biden dementia
update oh my god did he have a bad
weekend or bad
week uh he said among other things when
I was vice president things were kind of
bad during the pandemic what happened
was Barack said to me go to Detroit and
help fix it well the poor mayor he spent
more time with me than he might have
ever going uh than he ever he ever going
to have to I don't know and he slurred
some stuff uh so the first thing you
need to know is that Joe Biden was not
vice
president uh or yeah the pandemic didn't
happen during the Barack Obama
presidency how in the world does Joe
Biden not know that the pandemic didn't
even happen when he was vice president
and he's got a whole story about what he
did during the thing that didn't happen
and then he said uh slurring his words
he us
today hor G
Fallen now what we believe he said was
and here with us today is hsh Goldberg
pollen uh who is actually in American
Israeli still being held hostage by
Hamas so if still alive Hersh is in a
tunnel somewhere in Gaza but according
to Biden he's here with us today Russ
Biden so and then there's a compilation
clip just of his recent
gaffs oh there's a compilation clip of
just his gaffs about January
6 he he called Janu he called it July 6
he's called it June
6 and now he's called it an
erection well it's about the erection
he actually called it an erection like
it didn't even slightly sound like
Insurrection so uh and then it gets even
better on Face the
Nation the two of the hosts were uh
talking about uh video of Joe Biden and
and one was challenging the other host
to determine if a short video of Biden
was AI generated or real so they play
the clip and uh so cbs's U Margaret
Brennan had was asked if it looked like
real or Ai and she cleverly noticed that
the image of Biden the thing that was
supposed to be Biden did not blink for
17
seconds and she's like okay it doesn't
blink it's definitely
AI to which I said no if it's AI it's
going to
Blink what you think the AI don't know
to Blink that that would be pretty basic
stuff that they would have built into it
so no the and then um she found out that
the video she thought was obviously AI
because no human could act like that she
found out was the actual
Biden yeah and he happened to be on his
wide-eyed drugs I guess you know there's
two Bens right there's one that looks
like an empty vessel where his eyes are
wide open and his mouth and he's got the
Hillary Clinton surprise mouth allow me
to do my
impression you know that that face so
sometimes he's got that one where he
looks like an empty vessel there's not a
soul in there or a thought but other
times he has the demon possession look
where his eyes are completely squinted
closed and and and his mouth gets tight
oh those white supremacist they had
veins sticking out of their necks demon
and when I see that I just think how are
they the same person I don't know any
drug that can do
that I mean that looks like straight up
demon possession I don't believe in
demon possession but it sure as hell
looks like
it he looks exactly like there's a demon
in there I mean if I were doing a movie
about it that's what it would look like
he's got those bulging veins yeah
demon well I guess uh the Democrats
raised uh or Biden did 51 million in
April
wow happened to be far less than Trump
and the GOP which was 76 million so Joe
Biden is doing such a bad job and he's
so
gone that the guy that they're trying to
put in jail who spent the whole time in
court has out raised them in money I
think this law fair thing is just the
best fundraisers that ever
ever yeah and I'm going to say that you
know as we watch Biden fall
apart I'm not supposed to enjoy it
because it's an elderly person who's got
you know clear issues physically and
with his health now normally that would
not be any cause for
humor but there's sort of a special case
because the Democrats have been
gaslighting me and most you for now so
many years that watching their
gaslighting dissolve while we all watch
in slow motion it's the fact that it's
happening
slowly but certainly that makes it just
so delicious if Biden had just suddenly
flipped out and you know 48 hours later
they did a you know what the 25th
Amendment and took him out I would say
to myself oh that's just sad it's too
you know it's too bad too bad for him
but the fact that they leave him in
there
when he's so far past his expiration
date and the brain is clearly not
working the fact that they're still
trying to sell this to us as there's
nothing to see here no he might have
been a little tired but I I don't know
what you're talking about what you see a
problem uh he out Works us all day long
I tell you we have trouble keeping up
with him we can't even keep up and it
just gets funnier and funnier because he
doesn't he can't even walk and talk and
finish a sentence and the more degraded
he is well while they stick with there's
nothing wrong here it just gets funnier
now am I the only one who think this is
just getting better and better and I do
not want him to be replaced before
election day you know there was a there
was a point where maybe I was you know
hoping for it but at this point oh come
on you got to make it to the finish line
or the starting line I guess uh I so
want to go all the way to election day I
so want
him now you noticed that uh a number of
uh people seem to be abandoning the
Democrats I saw that uh who is this
famous person who was posing uh Amber
Rose she took a photo with Trump and put
it on her Instagram and she's
influential in the music
business uh so she's clearly noticing
you're seeing a lot of other rappers and
influential black Americans who are
saying uh I think we're noticing and now
I have a
uh I have a question about Black
Americans do you think that black
Americans are sort of primed to be more
suspicious of you know there's something
up do do you think there would be
something in the lived experience that
would cause you know one group group of
Americans to be just a little more
suspicious and distrustful of the
government you know the tusky
experiments and all that so if I were a
black American and I were watching the
Democrats try to sell me that that
there's nothing wrong with Joe Biden
while I can't afford gas and I can't
afford
groceries don't you think I would be
among the first to abandon that ship
like if if I felt I'd been lied to over
and over and over again you know than
the average person I think I would be
primed to say you know that is clearly
not a functioning person right there
let's try something
else the Snapchat founder donated to
Trump is that in the news I haven't seen
that that'd be that would be
surprising wow if that's true I'll need
a fact check on that well if you watched
the Gutfeld show last night it was a it
was a Banger um Bill Mah was on as a
guest
and I I have to say it was the best show
I'm pretty sure it's the best show that
uh Greg has ever done uh it was just
freaking hilarious the the writing was
amazing shout out to the writers but but
Greg brought it home uh I think his best
performance that I've seen in any venue
it was just masterful the whole thing
was just brilliant but anyway Bill M was
there and uh they do agree on you know
some things about wokeness going too far
so that you know they'd have a some
agreement on what's politically correct
and what you what you should be able to
say and stuff like that now no surprise
on that but their difference is as Bill
M pointed
out
um that Trump does not conceed
elections so that's is now of all the
things he had mentioned
about Trump versus Biden the the thing
he decides is the focus point and the
most important is that Trump does not
concede
elections Now Greg pointed
out but he's not president now I mean
these are my words not his he's not
president now because he conceded the
last
election so why wouldn't you think he
would do the same thing he did
before and Bill Mo said that uh that he
was right when he first predicted it he
said he said it was among the first um
that the the Republicans uh or that that
Trump would try to stay in office if he
lost so he's got a prediction that he's
loyal to okay because it would be
embarrassing to say I said he would stay
in office and then he didn't and then
admit that he was wrong because we don't
like to admit we're wrong so instead
he's ad he he's inter interpreted it
that Trump leaving office
peacefully is the same as not leaving
office now I don't know how you get to
that and Greg tried to correct him by
saying but he did leave office that's
the way it works he he uh you know uh
I'm putting some words in his mouth
but it's not unusual to challenge an
election result the Democrats have been
doing it for years it's not illegal to
say things it's not illegal to make a
phone call and then when it got to the
phone call Bill Mo was on the uh he
called that guy in Georgia and said I
need 11,000
votes and Greg said he didn't say that
he said I want you to find them which
means in in any reasonable
interpretation of the word find is that
they already exist if if you were to
count the votes better bill
said that was absolutely ridiculous and
that find really was sort of Mafia talk
for invented now that is pure
crazy it's pure crazy that you think
ordinary words mean different than
ordinary words because that's the only
way you're uh you can make your
narrative work is if the words that
people use in an ordinary sense just
this one time mean different than what
those words mean in every other
context now this is what I call going
down the hoax
funnel The hoax funnel is where you
start with something that there's a
reason that you believed that even if
you were wrong so you're not crazy at
the top of the hoax funnel that that's
where you heard something maybe you
heard that Trump said they were finding
people who are Nazis now if you heard
that you could have a certain reaction
before you knew it wasn't true but as
gets debunked people go down what I call
the hoax well to more and more just
absurd beliefs trying to find anything
they can cling to that they can defend
when there's nothing there and I would
say to imagine that the guy who did
leave peacefully and I like to use this
example I've never heard anybody else
use this we know we know from emails and
messages that Don Jr certainly had no
idea that anybody was planning an
Insurrection and was certainly against
it now who really
believes that Trump had planned an
Insurrection like an actual Insurrection
and had failed to mention it to Don
Jr now how do you even hold that in your
head as something that happened in the
real world now you might say oh well he
didn't plan it but when the time came he
definitely tried to you know create an
Insurrection there's no evidence of that
the evidence is he wanted peace the
evidence is he genuinely believed the
election was rigged and that if you
looked harder you could find out it was
rigged all the evidence is really really
clearly in One Direction but if you go
down the hoax The hoax funnel or
well you end up with things like the
word find means a different thing
or or that the guy who did leave
peacefully never asked anybody to do
anything violent had no control of any
military except the only control of the
military was to try to stop the
protesters but he was stopped in his
ability to stop them because the
Democrats turned down the the help
so I feel like that's still
TDS but in in my opinion I think that
Bill Maher and Trump just have a
personal disagreement it really doesn't
sound like the rest of his opinions let
me put it this way if you were to take a
long list of Bill Mah's opinions on
everything I would agree with most of
them and when I don't agree I would at
least see the reasoning this one's
different this does not have the look of
a reasoned opinion even when you would
disagree with it looks like looks like
some weird cognitive dissonance
hallucination kind of thing
so I think it's probably there's
something personal going on there that
we don't know about don't need to know
about well the uh Biden omics is a total
failure and U apparently if you adjust
it for inflation which Biden likes to
forget to do uh household net worth
after three years in office for Biden it
was up uh under 1% and for trump it was
up
16% so not even
close but I also like to point out that
presidents don't necessarily cause the
economic situation so it is not true
that that therefore it is obvious that
Trump would have a better
economy although I think he would um but
it's equally not true that Biden did a
good job with the economy he may have
done no job at all but he didn't do a
good job we can rule that
out um the other interesting thing on uh
Bill Mara's appearance on geld was that
uh there was a clip played of uh Joe
Biden saying that it's so dangerous for
black people in America and so we're a
racist country and blah blah blah and
even Bill Mar said that it wasn't
helpful it's like living in the past it
it it completely ignores the fact and
believe it or not Bill marah said this
out loud on TV that there are situations
in which it's to your benefit to be a
person of color and there are situations
in which it's not a benefit and it's
completely different than it used to be
because if you can go somewhere where
you're not only just treated equally but
you're treated as a superior meaning
that you're a superior right that you
would have a you'd have a right to go to
the top of the line in a number of
domains and it's hard to it's hard to
ignore that so if you have a world in
which they're places you can go to have
an
advantage that's really as good as we
can do we can't make it so you have a
equality or advantage in everything you
do in life everybody have the same
Advantage doesn't it's just not
practical but you could create a
situation where every person could find
a place where they do have an
advantage so if you have a strategy that
can work that's maybe as good as we can
do we can keep pushing on it but that's
probably as good as we can
do um rasmuson did a poll on uh how many
people think the New York case against
Trump is a Witch Hunt 52% agree with the
categorization of Witch
Hunt a majority of the citizens are
watching the justice system and by a
majority thin but a
majority they believe
that it's not even close to Justice it's
literally a witch
un now it's the weirdest thing to watch
this in action and again I want I want
the the uh stormmy Angels Co and trial
to go as long as possible because every
day it happens the public gets to see
the truth and the truth is that the
Department of Justice is completely
corrupt at this point the courts are
just corrupt you can't there there's no
other way to put it you know I'm going
to stop saying oh I think there's some
bias oh I think this legal system was
imperfect no this is just pure
corruption and they feel so confident
that they can do it right in front of us
and watching this completely blow up in
their faces while Biden is
disintegrating at the same time it
couldn't be better I mean th this is
what everybody needed to see you need to
see what are the what is the outcome
of our current system where George Soros
decides who's in charge this is what you
get you you get a witch on very
predictable by by the way very
predictable but uh despite the fact that
over half of the voters think it's a
Witch Hunt how many think that it'll be
convicted anyway about the same
number over half of the people watching
this believe it's a witch HT and about
the same number believe he's going to
get convicted
anyway now if you listen to the uh the
bad guys you know the msnbc's of the
world uh they're trying to spin it as
best they can to make it sound like he
deserves to be convicted and their
current argument is you have to ignore
all the
testimony and just look at some
documents that's actually what they're
trying to tell you I mean it sounds like
like I'm leaving something out but no
the msnp NBC um some of the experts are
saying well they can make the case just
on the
documents that's not what I heard I've
been following the case a little bit and
I'm pretty sure they can't make the case
just on the documents you know why I'm
sure of that because they put all those
other people on the stand there must
have been some reason for all that and
and the other people ended up being
exculpatory but it gets better
so apparently the judge got into a kind
of a shouting match with one of the
witnesses Castello and Castello was the
attorney for
Cohen who had been released from his
attorney client privileged to testify
and apparently Costello just thinks this
judge is such a piece of that he
couldn't stop having attitude on the
stand and it turned into a big old thing
where he had to clear the court and and
yell at Costello don't give me side eye
you know you got to show me respect but
why would you show him
respect I I think a judge has a little
bit of responsibility to do things that
are a little bit legal and a little bit
not obviously Witch Hunt and a little
bit obviously not bigoted no I think
Costello should give him all the side
eye he wants side eye and and dirty
looks are exactly the right approach
that's what fits the
situation but um he was shut down and
then uh one of the defense's main
Witnesses was the an ex-chairman of the
uh Federal Election
Commission the reason you would need an
ex head of the Federal Election
Commission is that the question is about
a campaign contribution and apparently
according to the ex head Brad Smith um
he's saying that the law is so
complicated that the judge probably
doesn't understand understand
it and that you would need somebody who
lived and breathed in was the head of
the organization even to explain what
the election laws
are and he was
denied he's not going to be allowed to
testify a legitimate expert he was the
head of the whole group right that's
about as expert as you can get he he's
not being allowed to testify and his
testimony would have been completely
exculpatory in other words he would have
explained why for technical reasons that
you and I wouldn't understand and even
the judge wouldn't understand but he
understands the election laws he would
tell you that the whole thing's you know
mute and it's not a crime now I don't
know the details because it's
complicated that was his whole point
it's too complicated for you to easily
understand but apparently there's
something about dates of things
happening that if you understood the
dates of things that happened and how
the the law has its own lines and dates
that it couldn't be a crime because of
the date now imagine being the jury and
having the expert on Election law come
up and say well it's complicated I can
see why everybody would have missed this
but there are specified deadlines for
things and if you don't hit them there
is no crime and so those were not met so
there's no crime I don't remember if
something happened after something or
before something but it was one those
situations now how could that not be the
most important thing to
hear the most important thing and as uh
Brad Smith points out on
X essentially it means that the jury
instructions which tend to be the most
important part of the case will be given
by somebody who doesn't understand
election law so they're going to be
ruling on you know election law and how
it's accounted the accounting is the
hard part I guess
but they're going to get instructions
for a judge who probably doesn't
understand that area of
Law and they rejected the person who
could explain it to the jury so that
they would understand For the First Time
what the actual law
was now I don't think there's any doubt
what's going on here this is the lawfare
of all law fars and uh if he's convicted
we all know that he'll get off if he
goes to the Supreme
Court
um but also Bill Mah was on C CNN and he
was complaining about Democrats taking
so long to bring up all the this lawfare
that uh Trump was able to successfully
delay at least three of them until after
the election and Bill m is saying you
know how could they be
so basically incompetent that they
didn't start sooner so we wouldn't be in
this situation where he could just delay
it P the deadline to which I say don't
you think the waiting was part of the
deal I think the waiting was so it's
closer to the election wasn't that their
plan I think they had three cases they
knew they would
lose and you don't want to lose before
the election that's worse I think what
the bad guys wanted is for Trump to
delay it past the election
because that's their best shot because
otherwise he they probably knew their
cases were so weak that that he would be
four for four in uh
acquittals you don't want to go into the
election with your opponent four for
four acquitted against the lawfare that
you tried to take him out with but this
way if they don't get any
results this way they can say well 91
indictments and it's still alive
so I disagree with Bill Mah I think it
might have been entirely intentional to
get it as close to the election as
possible and maybe even make sure
there's no result so that he can't be
innocent that's what I
think anyway
um I say this again because I can't get
it out of my head the MSNBC hosts not
every one of them but I'm going to
mention a number of them clearly have
mental illness and I don't see this on
CNN and I don't see it you know on
people who just disagree with me but it
is so glaringly obvious with these
characters that I don't know how you can
watch that Network and think it's
anything but the mental health Channel
I'm going to name the names and you tell
me if you think if you watch them on TV
that they exhibit good mental health and
I say again I don't say this about
anybody on CNN I mean I I might disagree
with Jake Tapper but he doesn't look
crazy not even a little bit you know I
don't think wolf Blitz Blitzer looks
like he's in you know therapy every day
I mean he might be but he doesn't look
like it but why does Joy
Reed seem like she actually has mental
illness why does Rachel mattow Lawrence
O'Donnell Morning Joe or M why do they
all act like they have severe mental
illness well I did some Googling and I
found out that Rachel madow does talk
openly about her severe mental illness
so apparently she has some kind of uh
Mania and depression and the depression
which makes her lose her will to live
she can have as much as several days per
week so every week there are days when
she doesn't want to
live this was a few years ago she said
this I don't know if it's any better but
when I look at her when I watch Rachel
mow I do see the Mania you know when
when the the uh walls are closing in and
she seems way more excited than the news
indicates you should be that looked like
Mania to me oh yeah all the Clos
in yeah so but she but she
self-identifies as someone who has these
Mania situations so I think to myself
well I'm going to give you credit for
honesty I do appreciate the honesty and
the transparency but it's all I see when
she does her job all I see is mental
illness I don't see opinions it looks
like there's just something wrong uh
same now also
M uh M's also spoken honestly and openly
about her struggles with uh Stress and
Anxiety and she found some therapy that
she thinks is
helping now I don't think that men are
as likely to mention their mental health
situations but when I look at um
Lawrence odonnell he just looks like
he's having a mental health crisis while
he's
talking now I have no confirmation of
that but it just looks like it and uh
Morning Joe looks like he's just
completely lost that I don't know what's
happening with him
lately now let me ask you but do you see
it do you see that MSNBC and CNN they
both you know lean heavily left but CNN
doesn't have mentally ill people on it
you know do does van Jones look like
he's mentally ill when he says something
I disagree with never never he looks
completely smart and in charge and I
don't know you am I supposed to keep
ignoring
this it it's so in my face at this point
how am I supposed to ignore that it just
looks like mental illness
well apparently zelinsky's uh official
term in the office is over and now he's
extended his
rule um with uh martial law Jack pic's
reporting on that
and it's just what you thought it was so
apparently we're on the side of the
dictator against the other
dictator
so that's not good all right ladies and
gentlemen that's all I have in my
prepared remarks was there anything that
you were dying to hear me talk about
that I didn't
mention any topics you'd love to hear
about I'll uh wait to see your comments
take about a half a minute to come in
well I think this is one of the best
shows you've ever seen probably but uh
you really do have to watch my debate
with the with the AI so pin to my X
profile but you can see it on locals and
Rumble and YouTube as well YouTube
already put a warning on it by the way
so I debated with a
Ai and didn't say anything untrue I made
I made no claims of facts which YouTube
disagrees with but it felt the
need apparently my argument was
sufficiently strong that YouTube had to
put a warning on it that uh nothing was
found wrong with the
election now that's what I said as well
I said directly I'm aware of no proof
that the election was rigged it's just
that it's designed in a
way that
suggests it's
possible yeah and you can look at the
even the comments here the people who
saw it are saying it's amazing Etc
uh warning for hypotheticals I don't
know what that
means all right ladies and gentlemen on
YouTube and Rumble and X thanks for
joining I will see you tomorrow same
time have a great day bye for
now whoops I got to stick with the
locals people that's a different
button all right locals let's see if I
can go private with
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for