[Music]
hey
everybody hey Ryan and Cindy
and the rest of
you hey
Jack come on
in um what a newy day we have it's I
haven't even opened CNN yet but there's
so much just from yesterday
I barely could handle
it hello
Perry is everybody ready for the
simultaneous sip I know that's why you
came and I'm ready if I'm ready you're
ready get ready for the simultaneous
[Music]
sip as someone just
said uh is it a great news day or you me
just because there's a lot of it I
better open CNN just to make sure I'm
not missing anything that happened
within the last 5
minutes all right so you know what's
interesting is I'd entirely forgotten
the Kavanaugh
hearings there's so much news that the
whole Kavanaugh thing just didn't even
seem interesting to me now part of the
reason is it's not
interesting because the vote's going to
go the way the vote goes and you know
the rest is just for
show all right let's talk about
Nike so as you know I'm uh Pro cerac in
The Limited sense that uh his
protest is completely effective it's
effective in the sense that before you
can get any action first you must get
attention it's so it's always a
two-part uh problem part one getting
attention
success some people say hey he should
not be protesting at his place of work
you know thinking about the other NFL
players in particular at this point to
which I say that's why it works it works
because it offends you and people say
they should not he should not be
disrespecting the flag and I say that's
why you're paying attention that's why
it works so inde dependent of whether
his mission is a good Mission which I'll
talk about in a minute getting your
attention he got it and I've been
swamped by people on Twitter telling me
no why are you saying that his protest
is successful how can you say that to
which I say you're talking to me about
him that's what a successful protest
looks like you and I talking about it
it's it's not ambiguous there's no
subjectivity whatsoever if we're talking
about him he got our
attention then the second part of that
is attention for what you know what
what's he want done what's the problem
and of course he's talking about uh
police brutality against black and brown
people now a lot of people said to me
but wait a minute there is no evidence
the data does not suggest
that there's more police violence
against any
group and you think that matters I'm
going to tell you um a
huge let's say reality difference
between my
reality and that which most people maybe
95% or more uh
occupy you think that it matters whether
kaeper neck's issue is real meaning the
data suggests that it's real or it's
just his
imagination you think that matters don't
you don't you think it totally matters
like what could matter more than that
whether he's talking about a real thing
which real data suggests is real versus
it's all in his mind and in this case it
would mean that it's also Al in the mind
of other people you think that matters
it
doesn't you want it to you think it
should other people saying it should
matter it should
matter but it doesn't the fact that you
think it should doesn't move the needle
because you're you're opinion that it
should matter whether it's a real fact
or an imagined fact won't change
anybody's mind because their lived
experience is that is real that's you
know their their what they observe they
see it happening to their friends Etc so
somebody's saying if if we stop talking
about it it'll go away no it's not going
to go away if I stop talking about
it because it's their lived experience
I'm talking about the African-American
Community they their reality no no
matter what you think it should be it's
irrelevant their lived reality is that
what Kaepernick's talking about is
real so what do you do when you've got a
problem that some people think is
absolutely it's as real as anything
could be you know they know people who
have been beat up they you know they've
watched it on TV it's real as real as
real and and the other part of the
country which would need to get on board
to make anything useful happen they say
you're imagining it it's just not even
real what do you do in that situation
well you think that that's the problem
right you think you're stuck there some
people's real some say it's real some
doesn't there's nothing you can do wrong
there you can do exactly the same thing
whether it's real or not real it's
exactly the same
solution you hate hearing that don't you
it's the same
solution if it's real or if it's not
real it's the same solution what's the
first thing you do if it's
real what's the first thing you would do
if you were sure it was real that
there's massive police um problems what
would you do if you could if you were
king and you could solve it the first
thing you do is make sure that you were
tracking it as well as possible you'd
put a lot of effort into making sure
that the reporting of it was was
accurate what would you do if you were
imagining it was real and it wasn't
what's the first thing you do but if you
trying to deal with it as if it's real
but it's
imaginary you would improve the tracking
of it in both cases you would do exactly
the same
thing right so don't tell me that it
matters whether it's real or not not
real until we can track it to the point
where both both sides agree and we can't
do that right now apparently otherwise
we'd agree on the reality of it so it
doesn't matter if it's real you do the
same thing and if people are living a
reality in which is
real that's reality that's their reality
all right you've had enough of that I
can tell from the comments let's talk
about Nike so Nike has this new
commercial with
Kaepernick and I I just tweeted a survey
who knows if this is accurate but the
survey saying that uh essentially the
public opinion of Nike just dropped by
50% so they've got a number of metrics
but the the essence of it is that uh
Nike's brand just took a a 50%
hit
50% in like a
week somebody says it is tracked but I
would argue not not uh
credibly uh because if it were credible
we wouldn't have any question about
whether it's accurate or not that's
that's the
obvious um so it has to be credible
now uh the thing that bothered me about
the Nike ad is not that it was self-
ulating because it's possible that
there'll just be a you know momentary
bump and a year from now nobody will
remember it won't make any difference uh
but but there was also there was also an
indication that a quarter of the people
who watch NFL were less likely to watch
it because of the Nike
commercial just feel how big that is
Nike not only seems to have destroyed
their own brand but they destroyed their
own brand so
thoroughly it might take a quarter of
the traffic away from an entirely
unrelated industry not completely
unrelated CU it's you know cernac but
it's a different industry the NFL is
just trying to deal with their own
problems and this shoe company over here
did such a bad job with their own brand
that they destroyed a related
brand that's pretty bad all right here's
the other problem when Nike moves from
well we're all about sports you know
that's your brand we're sports sports
sports that's our brand a little bit of
a lifestyle thing but mostly lifestyle
sports right but the moment they put
Kaepernick as their brand they've done
what lawyers say you should never do in
court which is open up a line of
questioning that you don't want opened
and the moment they said okay this is
bigger than Sports now this is about
social social good and that's that's
what a Kaepernick uh spokesperson does
for you
um as soon as they open that
door what happened if you watch social
media for 5 minutes you saw pictures of
Nike sweat shops now I don't know if
Nike has sweat shops so I don't want to
be the one who comes on here and says
Nike has sweat shops and children are
working in them and anything I have no
idea if anything like that is true it's
the sort of thing you'd almost have to
be there in person to really be
confident you know what's going
on and secondly it could be that these
you know if you want to call them sweat
shops or factories it might be the best
opportunity that the people working
there had it might be better than the
alternative so you have to factor that
in but what is true is that Nike doesn't
want us talking about their sweat shops
SL factories right let's call it a let's
call it a fact factory with a lot of
people in uh inhuman conditions doing
this all day right there's nothing
there's nothing great about
it so Nike has opened up the question of
all of their corporate um
Behavior Uh they probably wish they
hadn't done that but that's what
happened but none of that is the part
that's bothering me because those are
their decisions they hurt their their
brand that's that's their business and
if they think that the social benefit is
better than the importance of the brand
well it's a interesting decision I'm
sure there stockholders don't love it
but it's theirs to make it's it's none
of my business
right um here's my problem the
commercial
itself the message of the commercial if
you haven't seen it this is the kaern
commercial shows a lot of people who are
succeeding in sporting type ways
um by by trying really hard at their
chosen Sport and the idea of it is that
if you try really
hard you you can be a
superstar or you can be a good
skateboarder here's the thing it's the
worst life advice you're ever going to
see you should not be trying real hard
the the very opening part of the
commercial is somebody who's trying to
skateboard on a railing and keeps
falling off on the concrete with no pads
no helmet no pads and they show the guy
trying it over and over or different
people I can't tell and they fall off on
concrete with no helmet and no pads and
what is Nike's advice just get right
back on there and keep doing it because
once you're done you you will have
mastered the all important art
that will be a great life
skill of balancing a skateboard on a
railing in a public
place well if it doesn't work you'll be
crippled for
life but if it does work you will have
mastered this amazing life skill which
will serve you so well into your old
your Golden Ears of being able to
skateboard on a
railing all right it's the worst message
you could ever ever tell your youth
everything about this story from and and
I mean this seriously I'm completely
serious when I say this if all of the
police brutality is exactly what you say
it is and I say you meaning you know
cernac if it's all true and I know most
of you think it isn't true based on the
data but just bear with me here for the
point if it were all
true would it be a better or worse
thing than the message of the commercial
cuz that commercial is really freaking
influential how many people are saying
to themselves hey I think I'll study a
little bit less and put a little bit
more effort into this
basketball because this is my take it
out why do I know that because a famous
person told me and I I look up to that
famous person and Nike told me and
they've made my emotions really they've
really ramped up my emotions that
commercial's got me going I'm just going
to do it I'm just going to do it I think
I'll pick this ridiculous absolutely
worthless freaking goal of trying to
skateboard on a rail or try to be an NFL
quarterback dumbest goal anybody ever
had as a kid even if sometimes it works
it's still the dumbest goal I'm going to
take this message from Nike and I'm
going to I'm to uh wrap my life plan
around the worst advice anybody ever
gave it's the worst advice and it's
really persuasive at the same time you
know there it's been said that the only
thing worse than an idiot at work is a
productive idiot you know if if your
coworker is an idiot but he can't get
anything done yeah he's kind of harmless
but if he's an idiot and he's really
good at it you know he gets a lot of
stuff done but it's all idiot stuff
that's the worst possible situation Nike
is giving you the worst life advice
you've ever seen like seriously you know
the only thing worse than Nike's advice
would be how about a life of
crime let's compare those two let's
compare a life of crime as life advice
versus Nike's dumbass freaking advice
that you should pick one ridiculous
worthless skill and put all of your
energy into it until you're good at that
one worthless skill that has almost no
chance in helping you at life while
you're ignoring every everything that
could help you all right if you go into
a life of
crime sometimes it works not very often
but I have to think that one out of I
don't know 50 drug dealers come out okay
what would you say is the the odds maybe
one out of 100 let's say one out of 100
let's say one out of 100 professional
criminals just get away with it pretty
good pretty good deal right one out of
100 get away with it oh sure 99 of them
are either in jail or killed their lives
are destroyed but one out of a 100 has a
pretty good life as a criminal let's
compare that life advice to Nike's life
advice to become a famous quarterback
how about
that is it one out
of a 100 who become a famous quarterback
no it's more like one out of you know
tens of thousands or something
right Nike's advice is
worse literally than telling people to
become professional criminals you can't
get much worse than that advice for the
people who are most likely to be damaged
by it you know you're talking about um
their they advertising to young people
who in many cases have no good Role
Models they have not read my book had
failed almost everything and still wi
big that teaches you to build a talent
stack around useful
skills what is not a useful skill
skateboarding on a rail that might kill
you that's not a useful skill it's not
good risk management it cannot work in
the long term he has everything wrong
about it all right so I'm a little bit
upset about it most of the time I don't
get you know actually emotionally
involved and and the stuff I'm talking
about on Periscope it's usually just fun
so if I'm emotionally involved it's
because it's fun or interesting or
something but I'm actually mad about
this like I'm I'm
Legit mad because I'm not sure the rest
of the world can quite see
the the catastrophe that this
is the the Badness of this message and
and let's face it if you're talking to
an adult and most of us are adults when
when you and I have a conversation about
whether Kaepernick is doing a good thing
or a bad thing that's an adult
conversation right so when I say he's
doing a good thing I can slice it it
finally and I can say yeah the protest
part
A+ and I can say something that's
nuanced like um the reason I love the
flag the reason I respect the United
States and the flag is because
Kaepernick can do that my flag has no
value unless somebody can protest it and
get away with it right so and then you
can say no but I don't like it when you
protest the flag Etc you shouldn't do
that but that that at least an adult
conversation now imagine you're a kid
you're 8 years old and you're watching
this commercial and you see Kaepernick
flouting the law be being the rebel
losing his job putting all of his effort
into you know this this one thing what
kind of a message is it sending to a kid
probably not good right maybe that kid
should just stay in school and learn
some useful skills and you know maybe
not try to become Colin Kaepernick uh
even though again I'm Pro Kaepernick in
the sense that his protest was effective
and that a big part of the country
thinks the issue is real and you have to
deal with it as as if it's real because
so many people believe it's real whether
it is or not and all right so that's
enough about Kaepernick let's talk about
uh Woodward's book which is related to
this uh New York Times article about the
secret mole traiter Insider have you
heard
this
so there these two stories sort of
dovetail the Woodward book and the
secret mole in the White House and it
makes you wonder if the secret mole is
also who talked to Woodward or not we
maybe we'll never know but the idea is
that there are people in the White House
who are managing the president in other
words they're not working for him
they're not doing what he needs to do
they're trying to force decisions
through their own treacherous actions
for example there there are reports
which we don't know if the these are
credible or Not Right But there reports
that uh documents that the president
wants to sign they'll steal steal off
his desk so he doesn't notice they're
gone and nothing gets signed or they or
they'll slow walk something or they'll
delay something but basically the staff
trying to for the
boss and and then of course there are
also the stories in the Woodward book
about the president saying unkind things
and being tough on on various staff
members and stuff so the first thing I
would say about it which I said before
is that um if you were to if Woodward
were to write a book about any CEO of of
any company it would look a lot like
this book cuz if you start talking to a
lot of staff members which ones are
going to talk to
you think about it so you're you're
Woodward and you're trying to find
people in the white house administration
to talk to you about the president which
ones talk to
you well if you're lucky enough to get
the ones who support the president
they're just going to say ah he's great
he's doing a good job you can see it
it's in the numbers unemployment's good
Etc well that's not a book
Woodward was had nothing if he if he
only talks to the people who are in
favor of the president even if it's 99%
of the people in the White House I doubt
it is but even if it were if 99% of them
were 100% in front in favor of this
President they'd either not talk to
Woodward because they don't want to say
the wrong thing or they just say
something nice about the president and
there's no book there so you only need
those
2% disgruntled people Amorosa somebody
says
maybe you only need 2% disgruntled who
will say absolutely anything what does
uh um what does Ellen dtz say about
people who um take immunity in order to
testify you know his famous thing is he
says sometimes they they sing and
sometimes they
compose right if you put somebody in a
situation where they're incentive is to
make stuff up what are they going to
do if you're if your source is someone
who has a clear incentive a really clear
incentive to make stuff up what's going
to happen well pretty much every time
they're going to make stuff up now uh
making stuff up doesn't mean things are
untrue which is the weird part um I
tweeted an article uh that you you
absolutely have to read it's in my tw
Twitter feed from
yesterday and I forget the author in the
article but the the gist of it is
talking about Woodward's book about John
balushi and that someone who was
actually close to that situation read
the Woodward book to see what he
reported and then they said okay here's
what really happened and here's the
freaky thing the facts that wood
reported and this is about Belushi were
accurate but when it was put together by
Woodward it was completely un um
completely different from actual reality
so those two things can happen all the
facts can be right but because of the
way he combined them it changed entirely
the nature of the situation so it was
completely misleading without any facts
being wrong and that
if you haven't been the subject of lots
of Articles you wouldn't know is
ordinary it's not
extraordinary it's ordinary to take real
facts and turn them into the opposite of
what they mean without changing the
facts you can do that just by the
context the timing the way you frame it
so given that we know he's done it on
the on the Belushi book what would you
assume about his other books all right
it would be reasonable to assume that
that's hiso because you know writers
don't change that much and and therefore
the current book is no more credible
than the Belushi book which was not
credible but that
said the the story of people within the
staff trying to manage the president you
know trying to thwart his worst impulses
how much of the details are prob
technically
true maybe all of
them but even if all the details are
true does it mean the story is true no
not even close those two things are
almost unrelated even though you think
they should be tightly coupled you think
getting all the facts true means the
story's true right seems like how could
those two things be different but I'm
telling you it's typical it's ordinary
it's routine that the story is different
from what the facts are telling you
completely
normal so what would that look like and
now I'm speculating so now I'm leaving
the field of things I know about to
speculate to make the point the
speculation is this suppose you had one
disgruntled employee of the White House
who might even be fired by
now suppose you just had
one and that person is in
do they say that there are other people
like them yes they do of course they say
they're more like me because in the
break room or when they talk to their
friend and they said ah this President
is terrible something has to be done
their friend said ah yeah
sure so people tend to think other
people agree with them even if the other
person was just sort of you know being
agreeable so it's possible that if there
there are one or two moles in the White
House that might be all there are and
that would be completely normal for any
large organization so the first thing is
that uh Woodward has painted it as
largish meaning there's a significant
you know number of moles who are working
against the president and trying to stop
his crazy
impulses but there might be one there
might be one and a half
and of hundreds or however many there
are
um then there's there was also the
report that there were some cabinet
members considering the 25th Amendment
you know removing the president for
being a crazy
person how normal is that well given
that CNN and so much of the news was
talking about that topic and given that
everybody thinks their boss has lost it
at one point or
another is it possible that somebody in
the in the administration had
legitimately talked about you know hey
should we be talking about removing this
President
probably
probably and it would be completely
normal right so the painting that as not
normal is what you would expect if
somebody's making a book out of it right
you don't want to say yeah there are
disgruntled people in the white house
but of course there are hundreds of
people and they're dealing with a
situation they've never been in before
which is the most unusual leadership
style they've ever seen what would be
the normal outcome of hundreds of people
who are used to one kind of management
style all their life and now are
subjected to the most different
management style they will ever
experience what is the normal outcome of
that disgruntle people people who are
sure that they know what the President
should be
doing imagine any of those people who
are disgruntled in the white house right
now imagine what they would have advised
this president when he was a candidate
would their advice have been you know
hey here's how you get elected tweet a
bunch of outrageous stuff would they
have advised that no they would have
said you're crazy and if you keep
tweeting like this I think you have to
seee to get medical help right don't you
think that those same people had they
been working for the campaign would have
said um candidate Trump you're acting a
little crazy now this is never going to
work because I'm so smart I spent all my
years working for normal people who do
things the normal way and this isn't the
normal way so I'm pretty sure you're
crazy and then he gets nominated okay
but now stop doing the crazy stuff I I
see why well he got lucky and he got
nominated and you know it's just a a
weird coincidence but now you really
have to stop doing the crazy
stuff and then he gets elected
president now he's in the White House do
people who think like that stop thinking
the president is crazy just cuz he got
elected no they don't they still think
everything he's doing is a giant mistake
M AK according to
them the people who have probably been
wrong about everything for three years
so if you've been wrong about everything
for three years and you see this
President doing yet again something you
wouldn't do and you're sure that normal
leaders wouldn't do what are you going
to what are you going to say you're
going to say he must be crazy but you
keep watching it work the that's the
thing nobody is arguing that the country
is falling apart um in terms of its you
know structural stuff structurally if
you're looking at the country it's
bones
economy strong as
hell
military strong as hell and getting
better Isis defeated um what about all
these you know the crazy trade
Wars well it's looking a lot less crazy
today isn't it you got Mexico coming on
board I think Canada is going to be
there pretty soon you've got a little
issue with North Korea and China being
linked so you got to figure out how to
dance with them but it looks like we're
getting that figured
out so why is it that all the big stuff
there have there's not been a major
terrorist attack on our soil right since
the Trump uh I I'm never sure about my
timing but I think that's true
um so why is it that this President is
so
crazy but yet things are going so
well well the moles probably think it's
because they're they're keeping him from
his craziest
impulses but here's the
thing when you hear these reports of uh
the president
suggested this crazy idea and it's a
good thing his
his uh his staff stopped him it's a good
thing that General Mattis decided not to
do what the president suggested so
that's the way it's being
reported what you're
seeing is a President Who simply pushes
every
door he just doesn't accept that the old
way of thinking or doing are just
automatically right so when a president
Trump walks into a meeting
and says something like and I don't know
if he really said this but it was
reported at one time and he if he says
something like why don't we use a you
know a nuclear weapon in the Middle East
if that's reported out of context your
hair is onire ah he's actually act
acting asking that question ah why can't
we have a nuclear weapon
ah but here's the
context it seems that he pushes on every
uh assumption and then when he gets
pushed back he says okay that's a push
back and that push back made complete
sense so if you made me president would
I ask that
question I might I might just to make
sure that I understand why it can never
be done because what if they came back
and said no you'd never want a nuclear
weapon to explode in the Middle East oh
but we have been developing one that
would have a limited you know limited
range and would there would be no
nuclear fallout we just haven't told
anybody it's a secret weapon all right
now nothing like that's happening I'm
sure but the fact that you're pushing on
every door is not is not a sign of bad
leadership it just
isn't so if you get that reported out of
context that he asked something he he
provoked something he said something
that sounds crazy you have to understand
it in terms of pushing every door all
the time just to see what happens and
and he's doing it in the context of
talking to the very people who can tell
him where the borders are he's just
finding where the borders are his entire
leadership
style if you look at if you could
encapsulate Trump's leadership style the
the thing that got him into the
job you know with one sort of summary of
what he did
it would look like this what's the box
I'm supposed to be in you know okay this
is the box I'm supposed to stay in now
watch
this how about now no no no we told you
that this is the box but now that you've
expanded it okay well that wasn't so bad
but damn it do not do not make no okay
stop stop stop you'll never be
president don't don't do it don't do it
all right
so pushing the envelope is what he
does that's what he does right but he
relies on reasonable people and experts
to say okay you've pushed far
enough that's why we're having good
results because the experts do tell him
when he's pushed far enough now this
these whole stories about um you know
Gary con taking stuff off his desk who
knows if any of that's true I mean it's
more likely not true than true but if it
is true imagine how easily that gets
taken in a
context because it sounds like the moles
are sneaking in and rumaging through the
Oval Office desk and taking taking this
little document and ha he'll never
remember it well maybe I mean anything's
possible but here's the more here's the
more reasonable version of that what you
put the document on his desk to sign you
know I really think he needs to hear
from some more people I really think
that there's something happening now
that we didn't know about when the
document was put together that we better
let's just pull that off until we can
clear up a few things not quite ready to
get that assigned and I really want to
take another run at him to see if I can
convince him so I'm going to pull that
off his desk we'll get back to
it if that story got told to Woodward
how would he retell the story all right
because he doesn't know the mental
process of the person the only story
that he heard is Gary con snuck in his
office and took that document off his
desk we don't know what Gary con was
thinking because that's the important
part if what he was thinking was there's
more information to be considered and I
don't think the president would be well
served by acting at this moment that's
exactly what you want Gary cone to do if
that's the truth you know hypothetically
if if he thought there was really more
conversation that needed to be happening
he might want to postpone that and he
might think well this is just the
easiest way to do it I'll just pull this
off the desk when this topic comes up
again we'll present the new information
we'll try to get through it that way so
just see how easily by imagining what
people are thinking you can you can
change the facts into something else
look in the Woodward book you're going
to see lots of excerpts from it look for
this effect look for several facts that
may or may not be true followed by
gigantic assumptions about people's
inner thoughts it's the assumptions
about people's inner thoughts the mind
reading that is what changes facts into
uh fiction All right so saying that Gary
Cohen took a document off the the
president's desk might actually be
true but assuming that the reason he did
it is because Gary con's inner thoughts
believe that the president has some kind
of mental
problem that's not
really that's not reporting that's mind
reading all right um how many of you
watched uh Jack dorsey's uh testimony it
wasn't on the major networks I think was
on
C-Span uh did anybody watch Jack dorsy
of
Twitter um talking to
Congress I I watched a lot of it I
couldn't get all get through all of it
but I watched a lot of it and my God it
was interesting it was it
was it was so
interesting
um I didn't think that it would be yeah
there was one protester and then one of
the Congress congressmen used to be an
Auctioneer and he went into Auctioneer
mode to sort of entertain the group
while the while the protester was making
noise which was kind of entertaining
just a little
Sideshow but let let's see evaluate the
actual event itself so here's what
happened so Jack dorsy the CEO who is
also CEO of square right and so he's a
double CEO of two really big
businesses now they bring in the CEO of
two businesses and the two businesses
matter CU you know who who even has
enough time to run one business but
running two businesses is
impressive um and they asked him
detailed
questions about you know data
percentages statistics and
things and very few of those
questions would have been exactly
something you can anticipate because
they were pretty
specific uh and because he's the
CEO he of course did not know those
detailed technical
questions so I think the
event was sort of strange to watch
because on the on the big picture stuff
you know Jack said it's not our
intention to be um essentially he said
it's it's not our intention to be biased
and that as a company they're trying to
be as unbiased as possible but then when
the politicians ask for details to say
essentially trying to get to the fact
that there might be some bias baked into
the system and how could you be
sure um those required a lot of
information that is either really hard
to come by or doesn't exist or if it
does exist probably you know one person
in Twitter knows that and and the CEO
doesn't necessarily which would not be
unusual because the CEO doesn't know
everything the staff knows so it looked
like a giant waste of time so that's my
bottom line I believe the government
learned absolutely
nothing um
and is there anybody who had a different
opinion and I don't blame I don't blame
the government I don't blame the
politicians and I don't blame Jack dorsy
for that fact it was just the wrong it
was the wrong
context because the things that they
were asking him were not the things that
a CEO would typically have you know at
his
disposal you know just just because
you're asking at the moment so it was a
whole lot of we'll get back to you and
that was you know an entirely reasonable
thing to to say we'll get back to you
now in let's uh evaluate Jack's
persuasion
talents persuasion wise I would say he
played it really
well so if you're anti- Twitter you may
not like to hear this but he played the
I I I think that his approach
was probably as good as it could have
been because what he did right was he
completely accepted the criticism as
being
important and he completely accepted
wherever there were situations that
Twitter had a you know uh an imbalance
let's say whether it was a bug or uh it
was something that looked like it was
more conservatives than than liberals
were affected he simply admitted all of
it and said yeah that's a problem we're
trying to fix that he admitted also that
the problem the larger problem
is I think maybe even impossible to fix
but they're doing everything they can to
make it better so he did a really good
job of explaining that there's no end
point to it you can't fix this all you
can do is keep trying to improve what
you're doing and I thought I thought
that was pretty
good persuasion wise but the the
question that uh well I'll give you an
example of a question that would have
been great if we could have heard an
answer but we didn't and one of the
questions was when the the search result
problem happened and there were a bunch
of conservatives who said hey these
politicians these conservatives are not
showing up in
search um and then Jack mentioned that I
think he mentioned it or maybe one of
the questioners mentioned it that there
were also Democrats who didn't show up
and therefore if it's true that both
conservatives and liberals were not
showing up in the search that's evidence
is more of a bug than some kind of bias
but one of the uh politicians asked can
you tell us did it affect let's say way
more
conservatives than it affect the
Democrats we know that both were
affected but was it balanced was it
50/50 or was it 0 cuz that would really
tell you something wouldn't it or at
least it would tell you where to keep
looking and that among many other
detailed questions Jack did not have an
immediate answer but I think he
committed to getting back on that and
I'm thinking well that would have
been that would have been good to know
but we don't know the answer to that we
don't know the answer to that so it's
hard to come up to an opinion without
knowing that data now the the answer
that I wanted to hear and I don't
know I don't know uh if we heard it cuz
I didn't hear every minute of it but I
wanted to know how many people
understand the
algorithm
oops uh I wanted to
know
H I wanted to know uh and and of all of
Twitter how many people understand the
whole algorithm cuz I I think he said
that there were I may have heard this
wrong but did I hear that there were
maybe a 100
variables but there there are lots and
lots of
variables um I think they call them
signals so signals meaning there's
something about the activity of users
that's unique and that's a signal that's
either good or bad in terms of how much
uh exposure you'll get on Twitter and in
the context that I watched it is see to
me that it's very likely that
nobody literally nobody really
understands that if you change this
variable it would be either biased or
unbiased in its in its output I got the
feeling that nobody knows and not
because they're not trying not because
they're not smart not because they're
biased none of those reasons just
because it's
complicated and if it's true
that we've reached a point where no
human literally no human not
one understands the entire
algorithm and the algorithm determines
what we see and therefore what we think
and therefore what we
vote the
algorithm is already running the
country you get that right this is an
important point if no
human understands all of the
algorithm humans are no longer in
charge Am I
Wrong the algorithm is changing what we
see what we see determines what we think
what we think determines how we act in
terms of how we
vote and no human is causing this chain
of events it's being caused by a series
of code that no human fully understands
and I don't think that's for lack of
trying or lack of talent or lack of
wanting to it's just
complicated
so I don't think this is a fixable
problem let me give you I was trying to
think of an example of something that
would be a
signal that would not be obvious in
terms of how it um affected the bias you
know the let's say the uh the result not
an intentional bias but let's say an
outcome that was
biased and it seemed to me there
probably are lots of
things that uh there are probably lots
of words that conservatives use that
liberals do not wouldn't you say and and
vice versa there are probably lots of
words that liberals use that
conservatives don't is it likely that
with their their somewhat different
vocabularies
that they're all treated the same given
that they use effectively a different
language probably not probably there's
probably some signals in the way people
talk that are just different between
conservatives and liberals take just one
example
guns both sides talk about guns but do
they use the same
words probably not I wouldn't think so
any of those differences in words part
of the many many signals that Twitter
picks up I don't know but I'm using this
just as an example that it seems like
you could have unintentional bias that
no human was aware of because once you
put that signal into the mix you know it
it gets you know mixed up with the soup
and no human can can pull out you know
that this one caused the bias or not
imagine this
imagine if from this day on uh the
algorithm was fixed so that it was
perfectly um
unbiased this can't happen I don't think
it's even possible but imagine if it was
it's just a thought experiment that you
locked in Twitter's um uh lack of bias
the algorithm was never bias from that
point on would that lock in the bias
that we already have
in other words if one group was ahead of
the other group and then you locked it
in so that from that moment on there
would be no Advantage would you be
locking in the advantage that already
existed maybe I don't know how would you
know um and what does fairness look like
suppose suppose the country is you know
30% conservatives and suppose it's 35%
liberals I don't know if that's true I'm
just making up numbers suppose that's
true what does fairness look like does
fairness look like well if there's 35%
of these guys and 30% of these guys we
better give a little bit more time to
the bigger group is that fair or does it
have to do with the quality of what
they're saying the the health as as
Twitter likes to say which by the way is
an excellent persuasion term
uh the conversational health I really
like that framing even though it's hard
to
Define um I don't know you know I've
told you in other periscopes that the
the fairness was invented so that uh
idiots would have something to talk
about um because fairness is just an
opinion fairness rarely is actually
something that that the real world can
serve up in a way everybody looks at it
and goes oh that's fair you know there's
nothing you could do with the tax code
there's nothing you could do with it you
could go to a flat tax you could go to
graduated tax no matter what you do you
cannot get everybody to say oh that's
fair it'll always look unfair to someone
so if you're trying to create algorithms
that are
fair you can't do
it it is n logically possible I'm not
telling you that it's hard to do and
therefore you know we'll have to be
smarter work hard or anything I'm
telling you it's logically
impossible to be fair can't be done it's
fairness is not a an objective measure
it's always going to be an opinion
so the problem that Twitter has is that
Society has put on them a a
standard which is
literally
impossible so you have two
impossibilities one is hey Twitter you
know why don't you just go on a business
because you can't go can't be fair well
that's not really going to happen right
you know Twitter is not going to stop
doing what it's doing Facebook is not
going to stop being Facebook the we're
never going to have a world where
there's no social media there's no mass
communications so that can't happen and
then the the other the other magical
thought is well if they're going to be
here and that's the way the world is
from now on then we're going to have to
make sure that it's
fair that's not a
thing no matter how much you want it to
be fair no matter how hard they try no
matter how many billions they pour into
it no matter how smart the people no
matter how how dedic no matter how many
years they
try
fairness isn't a thing it's just not a
thing it doesn't exist it exists only in
your mind as something that you think
you would know when you saw it but the
person right next to you has a different
opinion there is no such thing as
fairness and that is the standard that's
been put on these social media companies
they can't reach it they can't reach it
right now uh Jack pointed out that no
matter what you do the the the trolls
will always stay ahead of you people
will find out ways to game the system so
it's sort of an arms a permanent arms
race where you just Tred to stay ahead
sort of like security security being the
better uh example as Jack pointed out
and that's one problem but the bigger
problem is that you're chasing a
standard that isn't a rational standard
CU it doesn't
exist there there is no fairness bar
there there's you can't hold it in your
hand oh look I got some fairness look at
it everybody here it is got some
fairness it doesn't
exist all right so given that we're in a
situation where humans probably will
never understand the
algorithms and given that the
algorithms it would be almost
vanishingly
small impossible odds that the
algorithm produces Fair
outcomes well let's say unbiased
fairness doesn't exist but let's say
unbiased in other words that it doesn't
lean left or lean right kind of
impossible the algorithm is going to
lean One Direction on every possible
Dimension and we won't know because we
don't we can't penetrate what's
happening in there so we have a standard
that can't be reached and as long as
that standard can't be reached wait for
it AI already runs the
world it's the
present you are wondering when is that
day that the computers will be running
the world and and the people will not
well here it is the algorithm is already
running the world now the problem of
course is that there are human beings
making judgment calls about every one of
these signals hey put this one in take
that one out and they probably do
understand in a very general way what
tweaking these s these signals might do
to the entire algorithm and so you would
imagine that if there's a way that they
could lean left or a way that they could
lean right that there will be a tendency
over time not on every signal and not on
every person but on average that's going
to just sort of nudge to the left if
that's the nature of most of the
employees were involved in the decision
making so I don't know that there's any
way to fix this
frankly and then what then how do you
how do you adjust for persuasive ability
let's say that you know Twitter is
a um you know let's say that it is
biased in One Direction or the other but
let's say one of the parties is just
more persuasive than the other well is
that fair is it fair that one side is
more persuasive that they have better
[Music]
arguments probably
[Music]
isn't life isn't
fair so anyway that's where we are with
that um the one question I didn't see
addressed I saw the politicians asked
lots of questions but I didn't see the
one that I cared about the most which is
uh the lots of people have noticed that
people follow and then they get
automatically
unfollowed so I didn't see that come up
in the questioning um the thing where
you like something and then it unlikes
or you follow somebody and then you get
automatically
unfollowed um I didn't see anybody
address that did anybody talk about that
because I fast forward through some you
know maybe an hour of the 4 hours or
whatever it
was it came up in the test of
victims um somebody says they did not
yeah to me that that felt like the
primary thing and I didn't see anybody
even mention it now if they had
mentioned it I don't know that Jack
would have been in a position to know
the you know exactly what was behind it
because um as I I've told you in other
periscopes that back when I was having
that problem I did communicate with you
know the top person at Twitter who deals
with that stuff and they couldn't get me
an answer so it seemed to me that they
didn't know why it was
happening um or or didn't tell
me uh how do you know the difference
between Shadow Banning and buggy
software uh well you you don't is the
quick answer but what you would look for
is is are there lots of uh people on the
left who are complaining about the same
thing so for 3 years or so I've been
hearing conservatives say hey I I
automatically got unfollowed or that
like disappeared in that 3 years I
personally have heard zero
reports zero reports of it happening to
anybody on the left and it's so
noticeable that it's not something like
they wouldn't have noticed right is very
noticeable because I get I've gotten
hundreds of
reports so even if it were even if we
were imagining it on the right wouldn't
they also be imagining it on the left if
it's one of those things that once it's
in your head you think you see it if it
was a bug wouldn't it affect
everybody so and and if it were if it
were affecting everyone what are the
odds that only the conservatives would
have um would have been complaining
about it or that if the both sides are
complaining about it what are the odds
that somebody hasn't written an article
in the New York Times or somewhere else
who said yes all the things the
conservatives say are happening to them
are indeed happening we've confirmed it
it's easy to check and it's happening to
everyone else so it doesn't mean
anything where is that
article right remember I I always teach
you to look for the
um the empty space look for the thing
that isn't cuz that's so revealing
where's the article that says all the
things the conservatives are complaining
about with Twitter behavior is also
happening to everyone else because by
the way I'm not ruling out that
possibility it's entirely it's entirely
possible that somebody wrote that and
I've never seen it so if you've seen it
just forward it to me I don't want to
you should never assume that because you
don't know something it doesn't
exist somebody says they saw that
article if you have that um can you
forward that to me on
Twitter um did you figure out your split
screen issues I think so but I'm waiting
for one um cable so I should have that
by Friday but I won't have it
implemented by Friday so maybe next week
um all right have I said enough for
today I think I have I'm going to keep
it on this and give me some feedback did
you like today's Periscope or no I I saw
some complaining in the beginning I was
getting a little bit repetitive it
sounded
like
uh oh yeah Kardashian at the White House
for prison reform yeah let me let me say
one more thing I saw
uh uh I saw van Jones in that picture
again and I I always say this about van
Jones I think he's the most
credible voice on the left so van Jones
this gigantic um Trump um
critic but when it comes to a topic
prison reform where Van Jones apparently
thinks he can make difference here I
don't want to be a mind reader but he's
part of the part of the effort so you
know one assumes that he thinks he can
make a difference so van
Jones is a perfect example of what you
should teach your kids compare the Nike
commercial the worst advice any child
ever got to Van Jones as a role model
van Jones has a lot of criticisms for
this Administration a lot lot of
criticisms but when he had the
opportunity to make a difference and and
the only way to do that was to work with
them did he say no I'm not going to work
with them I don't want to make the world
a better place he did not he played it
like a man played it like an adult let's
let's desex it and say played it like an
adult Des sexist
it he played it like an adult that's
what you want to teach your kids teach
your kids to be like van
Jones uh at least in this limited way
that uh his criticisms
are I would say um you know they're uh
if you disagree with them let me say
that there are they're honest they're
honest
criticisms and he's making the adult
decisions to work with the people he
needs to to get something done
so hats off to Van Jones all right
that's enough for today I will talk to
you later