[Music]
what a day what a day
[Music]
have I stalled enough everybody's
here good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human
civilization I guess we got a few things
to talk talk about today and if you'd
like to take your experience up to
levels that nobody can understand with
their smooth human brains all you need
is a copper Mar a glass of tankered
Chell a a canteen jug a flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dope mean of
the day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous sip
apps now go
so everybody get a good nice sleep last
night I
didn't because it turns out that my
Predator prey Instinct has been
triggered and I don't feel like being
prey so we're going to change some
things
we're going to move some things we're
going to alter our reality to something
a little bit more compatible with human
life but uh before we get to that uh I'd
like to suggest that if you're having a
little bit of a mental
anguish about the events of this week uh
there's some science that says that
visiting the park for 30 minutes and
sitting in the park has a magical effect
on depression so going to the Park and
sitting there for 30 minutes will help
your mental
health Dr Danielle shenan the study's
first author
said now here's my
question is that backwards
science how many of you have time to go
sit in the park every day for half an
hour I think if you have time to go sit
in the park for half an hour and do
nothing but sit in the park for half an
hour that should cheer that would cheer
me up
if I had nothing to do but I think I'll
go s nature for a while so I'm not so
sure that it might be that the people
were able to do that or a different
class of people from the people who are
not able to go sit in the park for half
an hour but it's a good idea no matter
if you can do it go do
it well of course there's one big news
today and we'll be talking about that um
but does it seem to you that we've now
seen the completion of the Democrat
projection project where they say oh
that Trump he's going to steal your
democracy while they're law firing him
out of
office they just destroyed the last part
of our system that had any
credibility the the jury system the idea
that the courts will save you if there's
something else in the system that went
wrong well you always have the
courts not anymore
nope that's uh that's all over
apparently uh by the way Trump is
scheduled told a press conference at uh
8 8 am his time it's probably 8 8 AM our
time we'll find out but I think it's at
the end of this show so I'll try to quit
early if it looks like he's coming on
I'll look for your confirmation that
he's coming on at my time in an hour all
right that will be interesting as you
know Trump was found guilty by the uh a
jury of his
uh haters you know that's s system you
get a jury of people who hate you and
they get to decide if you go to jail
yeah it's a jury of your haters and they
decided all 34 felonies were true
so I'll tell you what gutted me about
this
I've come to you know expect that in
politics people play dirty and the
Democrats will do anything they can to
stop the Republicans I get that it works
both ways but what I did not see coming
is that it was possible to put 12 people
in a room 12 jurors who wouldn't see
through this or if they did see through
it they decided not to
act now that is really discouraging
because the last faith I had
is that even if our elected people are
 at least the unelected jurors will
set things right you know if things get
too far in hand nope the jurors will
make it worse if they're selected for
that
purpose um so as you know there are so
many reversible errors in this trial
that it should easily be reversed uh on
appeal is that what you thought it would
easily be reversed on
appeal let me tell you about the appet
court uh there are five members of it uh
they are all women and they're all black
there are five black women who are the
appell at
court now as end woken has pointed out
the odds of that are exceedingly low
outside of a Dei kind of
environment so let's see 94% % of black
women voted against Trump and 100% of
the appell at
court is in the demographic than
94% voted against
Trump he doesn't really have any chance
of a fair TR of a fair appeal do you
know what will save him if anything does
at least from the legal Jeopardy the
thing that would save him would be that
the Supreme Court has some white people
on it I hate to say it but that's what
has come down to basically it will take
some Democrats who are also white to to
reverse this there is so many reversible
um errors in the case that I'm going to
leave that to the lawyers you probably
don't need me to tell you all the
reversible errors because it's going to
be everywhere all day so you all know
that there are about 20 of
them if if you if you want to size
it there is something like 20 clear
mistakes that you really show you what
it is now here's the weird simulation
part about this what are the odds that a
guy named
Trump would be brought up on the most
famous trumped up charges of all time
trumped up charges was already a famous
phrase and then somebody named Trump
comes along and becomes the number one
example the most obvious example we've
ever seen in the history of the United
States of a trumped up charge now what's
weird about it is that in you know 20
years or so if anybody says trumped up
charge people are going to assume it's
about Donald
Trump because he's the most famous
example of a trump tub charge it won't
be you know someday you'll see it in a
trivia test there'll be a trivia test
that says did you know that the phrase
trumped up charges did not come
from the Trump trump tub
trials so that's going to
happen um so as you know the donation
page crashed right after the verdict I
got in there early and made a made a
$1,000 donation which sounded small at
the time I thought oh that's a good you
know good solid citizen donation you
know it's not it's not Pack level but
for an
individual and immediately I saw whole
bunch of podcasters were donating the
maximum and I thought all right I'll go
back in I haven't donated yet the
maximum so let's go maximum I'll get
that done
now you're probably saying to yourself I
feel really bad about the result if I
know my audience and you're saying to
yourself I would feel a lot better if I
could do
something what can I
do well donating is what can do now
don't donate more than you can afford
obviously but the number of people who
donate counts too so if you could you
know swing 10 bucks or whatever it is do
it do it just to make a point do it
because it'll feel better even for $10
you're going to feel like you did
something now if you can't afford it
that's great I mean not great but
nobody's going to fault you for that but
uh did you know noce how many people
started flying upside down Flags in
their social media and in the real world
as well yeah a lot of us and me included
believe that that was the end of America
as we knew it that that truly was the
end of it now could we get it back we
have a shot it won't be easy it's not
going to come back on its own we'll have
to force it it it will
require uh probably more sacrifice going
to be expensive might take some time but
we might we might be able to claw it
back but it's gone at the moment at the
moment we do not have respect or faith
in our legal system because in my in my
view this is the worst crime I've ever
seen in
America now you're going to say but what
about all those serial killers and mass
murderers I'm including them I'm
including them this is worse than any
crime I've ever seen in America
now I I might have said the Russia
collusion thing was worse but it didn't
work you know in the end Trump got
elected
anyway but this kind of
worked yeah yeah now I've been saying to
myself oh don't worry Scott there's no
way he's going to go to jail because it
turns out that this this kind of uh
offense even a felony if you've never
had any other kind of offense the
apparently the normal thing to do would
be you know some non- jail
remedy but uh I've seen some people say
uh if you're expecting this to go the
normal way with no jail time you haven't
been paying
attention whatever this is that we're
observing is the government acting with
no sense of guard rails no sense of push
back no sense of consequences and no
sense of uh you know mutually assur
destruction and they've got a good track
record to make that assumption that
there will not be enough push back for
it not to be worth it for
him so um here's what I
think you know that phrase this isn't
the hill to die on oh that's not the
hill to die
on this is the hill to die
on actually literally now I don't
recommend any violence but if we can't
turn it around I'd rather be
dead let me just put it out there
plainly I don't want to live in a
country that's no longer free I don't
want to be afraid of the legal system
because if you don't think I'm next you
haven't been paying attention this this
is a fight for survival now so this is
the hill to die on because they're going
to kill you on the hill if you don't
fight if you just sit on the
Hill they're going to kill you so this
is the one to die on if there's anything
you can do within the the legal bounds
do it yeah fly your flag upside down
talk to your
neighbors get somebody to vote who
wasn't going to vote uh make sure you've
got a plan on Election Day you know do
your mail-in Bots ballots if you have an
option to do that and uh and certainly I
I would think you would also want to be
volunteering to be be U you know
election day monitors and may maybe even
monitoring the dropboxes you know it
seems to me that if Republicans don't
have a committee sitting there 24 hours
around a Dropbox or at least a video or
something uh you're not really trying
because at this
point here here's what I think about the
2020
election let me put that in context for
you the main reason that most people
didn't think the 2020 election was
rigged the people who had that point of
view is because they couldn't conceive
of it they couldn't
imagine that their elected officials
could do something so grotesquely
obviously illegal in the worst possible
way right in front of
them your your brain can't really hold
that but then Trump got convicted of 34
felonies and didn't know what the charge
was until uh the closing statement
that's a real thing that happened you
plus 100 other reversible errors and
 so I think this trial sets the
new standard for what we can assume our
elected officials are capable of doing
so if you said to yourself what are the
odds they did some conspiracy in the
2020 election the only way you could get
away with it as a scale the only way you
could get away with it would be you know
if you had a lot of people coordinating
and what are the chances a whole bunch
of people would coordinate and you know
get away with it and the answer is we
just saw we just saw maybe hundreds of
people coordinate to put the president
in jail over
nothing that just happened we we saw uh
millions of people
coordinate uh during the pandemic the
experts the doctors to tell us things
that were bad for our health and that we
should do
them so if you're paying attention at
all the two arguments you can never use
again are well if that were happening
there would certainly be a whistleblower
by now I've used that argument in the
past man am I going to retire that one
that that's retired forever no it turns
out that it is routine for hundreds or
even millions of people to be working a
a prank or a hoax or just being
wrong even the
experts
and what am I looking at oh okay um yeah
so so my new assumption about how how
bad things could be or how much evil
they would be willing to apply is now
unlimited I now think the limit is
nothing because this line that they
crossed is the line
it's the line of lines you know short of
actually executing him before he left
the court
Trump you can't get worse than jailing
the president over
nothing what's worse than that so yes
you you can assume that Epstein was
murdered you can assume that all of our
elections have been rigged not just 2020
I assume that all have been been rigged
but 2016 they didn't rig it hard enough
caught him off guard h so yes just
assume that everything is just what the
worst possible thing you could possibly
imagine I also said I'm going to try to
not do any business with uh New York
state now of course that the trolls come
out and they they try to be
sarcastic oh Scott why don't you keep us
informed how you're destroying New York
state with your personal uh
boycott well let me speak to the idiots
idiots
announcing that you're going to boycott
something is not because you think your
one person boycott is going to make a
difference idiot that's not what a
boycott is when I say I'm going to
boycott it it's to remind other people
they have the option did other people
say the same yes they did did enough
people I don't know but I wouldn't I
wouldn't give a penny to New York City I
can't even imagine
it and I've you know I have a a long
business history of going to New York
City once or twice a year for business
no way there's no way I'm going getting
anywhere near that place
sorry um I would like to uh suggest that
if there are any Democrats who are angry
about seeing all the upside down Flags
now I don't really
expect Democrats to care about an upside
down flag but I've I've seen a few
people complain and so I would like to
uh I'm going to be helping the
complainers to organize uh some kind of
a demonstration against the upside down
flags and what I think they should do is
stage the demonstration outside the
upside down flag
store um there's a big one uh right down
on Fifth Avenue in New York City they
sell nothing but upside down Flags they
look they look almost like the regular
ones but they're all upside down so if
you want to buy an upside down flag New
York City is where to go Fifth Avenue
that's where it is so uh you know all
the Democrats I recommend that you
organize and meet on Fifth
Avenue uh and you should protest against
that upside down flag
store okay you know there's no upside
down flag store
right okay I'm hoping all of you know me
enough by now
but it would be funny come on it would
be funny if we could organize the
Democrats to protest the upside down
flag store that would be funny all
right uh people were wondering where
Elon Musk was on all this he seemed to
have been busy last night but he weighed
in he says uh indeed great damage was
done today to the Public's faith and the
American legal system if a former
president can be criminally convicted
over such a trivial matter motivated by
politics rather than Justice than anyone
is at risk of a similar fate well what
did he leave
out I think Elon must left something out
which is that he himself is already the
victim of exactly this law fair stuff I
mean I don't think anybody's had more
legal challenges that were purely
political than he has so it takes a lot
of takes a lot of constraint to not make
it about yourself when you're having
exactly the same
issue so I appreciate that level of uh
restraint and uh as others have pointed
out this is not just a president
thing obviously if they can get away
with this they're going to extend it
everything that works they do more than
once so if they can take out a president
on a
triviality then they can take out a
senator on a triviality
or a judge in fact they're trying to
take out the the uh Supreme Court Judge
Alito because his wife flew an upside
down flag that people didn't like or no
she flew a
flag um now that seems like a trivial
matter to me so two senators Democrat
Senators uh White House and somebody
else wanted to meet
with uh Robert chief justice Roberts to
talk about maybe forcing the judge Alito
to recuse himself from any decisions
about January 6 and judge Roberts to his
credit said uh screw you the Supreme
Court is independent and no we don't
meet with you to figure out what we
should do you you stay over there we'll
stay over here but under no s situation
are we going to have a meeting with you
I'm thinking to myself did did the did
the Democrat
Senators not
know that that calling a meeting to try
to twist the arm of the supreme court of
justice it I I can't even I don't even
have words to describe how obviously
corrupt that is I mean they're doing it
right in front of us that the whole
separation of powers they're acting like
it's meaningless you like oh let just
call a beating like not even not even
saying uh well I know this is an
extraordinary situation and normally we
wouldn't have any contact but this is a
special case nothing like that they just
casually treat the separation of uh
powers like it didn't matter you you
think they're not going to stack the
Supreme Court if they win of course they
will yeah so you know any M there
there's no limit to what bad behavior
you can
expect do you expect that uh Trump will
not be put in
jail the smart people are saying you
know no no jail but given this judges
past Behavior and the fact that this is
a show trial and nothing about it is
legitimate I think he might try to put
him in jail and we're seeing at the same
time that there there's an effort in
Congress to remove his sec service
protection and that's specifically about
him they don't say that but it's
specifically about Trump how is that not
trying to murder him how do you not go
to jail for an assassination attempt in
some kind of a
RICO way because it seems to me you
could connect all the dots from trying
to remove his secret service protection
all the way to the Biden White House
coordinating all the lawfare and once
you connect all those dots it seems to
me that there's a lot of people that
were complicit in a murder attempt
against the president and a coup an
Insurrection so I would think the death
sentence is on the table for maybe uh I
don't know 20 to 50
Democrats and and when I say that I mean
completely within the legal system now I
don't know if the legal system could
ever operate that efficiently but just
based on what we know publicly without
any investigation
to me it's obvious that it's a
coordinated plot to murder the president
or to create a situation in which he
would be killed which I would consider
largely the
same so we've got one president who
might be put in jail for breaking no
laws and not even knowing what the law
he was charged with was until the final
uh the final vote and then after the
verdict not knowing what he got
convicted for just imagine
that Trump doesn't know what he was
convicted
for can you even hold that in your mind
because the jurors had this grab bag of
things they could choose and they don't
have to tell you what they chose or why
so all he knows is he's guilty of a
crime that nobody knew was a crime until
the closing
statements and then that required even
that the crimes that were you know
described in the closing statement even
those required the the jury to decide if
something was a crime without it being
going through the court system I mean
every part of this is corrupt Beyond any
imagination really I mean you can't even
hold it in your head it's so
corrupt so yes I I would think that
there's a clear RICO case with just what
we know already RICO case to murder the
president uh there is a call for uh
massive uh
retaliation uh Matt Walsh is saying I
don't want to hear elected Republicans
complaining I don't need to see their
tweets and statements condemning the
verdict the only thing I want to hear
from these people is which Democrats
they will have
arrested don't tell us that you're sad
about the ver
verdict and Sean Davis even going even
harder Hunter Biden should be charged
with prostitution and sex trafficking
Joe Biden should be charged in Texas
with conspiracy to commit human
trafficking I think that could sell and
drug trafficking given his border
schemes and Jill Biden should be charged
with elder
abuse
yes
yes once you cross the line there are no
rules so absolutely yet there has to be
mutually assured destruction or else I
won't feel safe I won't I personally
will not feel
safe unless a whole bunch of Democrats
are jailed for doing
this yeah you need mutually assured
destruction and it's time this is the
hill to die on this is the hill to die
on and there there has to be a major
consequence within the legal
system all
right here's the the funniest thing I
saw on this from Austin all R he noted
on the xplatform that in San Francisco
They recently passed a
resolution that you can't call somebody
by their crime so you can't refer to
somebody or they don't want you to to
refer to somebody as a felon rather you
would be a person with a
felony you're not a criminal you're a
person who's been charged with a crime
or perhaps convicted so in San Francisco
you have they they want you to start
with this is a person who had a
situation because if you say it's a
felon that's sounds like something that
can't change that's the argument uh
whereas you're somebody who's convicted
of a felony well maybe you just had a
bad day so that's the thinking behind
it uh but I like this and uh now we
should only refer to Trump as a uh
person who was wrong wrongfully
convicted of a felony so in San
Francisco the correct way to refer to
Trump is not as a uh a felon
but as a person wrongfully convicted of
a
felony that's the proper
way all right I saw some uh polls that
suggest that some people would be less
likely to vote for Trump because of the
uh the finding of guilty and some said
they'd be more likely now the more likel
is were like
15% and the less likelies were somewhere
in that
neighborhood now I would like to issue a
challenge
can you show me the one idiot
who is less likely to vote for Trump
because of this do you think that person
exist really do do you think there's
even one I don't think there is I don't
think there's even one because I haven't
seen one and I wouldn't expect one so
here's what I think I think the polls
are picking up liars and you know uh
maybe Democrats who are saying oh oh
yeah I'm less likely to vote for him now
you weren't going to vote for him anyway
you lying piece of no you weren't
going to vote for him but are there
genuinely people who were on the fence
or weren't going to vote at all who just
said screw it I'm all in yeah yeah the
people who say they will vote for them
are very real because they're saying
their names they're saying it publicly
they're saying it proudly and they're
they're making sure you hear
it where are all those other
people can can MSNBC produce one let's
say Street interview or focus group
where there's a real person like a real
Republican someone who was going to vote
for them anyway and change their
mind
no no there's nobody like that not even
one and if you find one it's going to be
the like the classic exception to the
rule you know it's going to be somebody
is clearly just lying or crazy or
something well my uh my prediction in
2020 is that if Biden got elected
Republicans would be hunted how do that
look so now they hunted the president
they hunted many of his lawyers they've
hunted hundreds of january6
people any
questions now are are we are we willing
to put this in the in the pantheon of
greatest predictions that nobody saw
coming I won't say nobody but um yeah
for for a public figure do you know how
much I got mocked for that I got totally
mocked just mercilessly mocked by the
the sarcasm Democrats oh yeah show us
where all the hunting is happening Scott
uh are we issuing hunting
licenses oh look it's it's day two of
the Biden Administration where's all the
hunting well here's all the
hunting just like I
imagined exactly like I imagined yeah
this is the
hunting I'm seeing people like James
Carville and Nancy Pelosi say that uh we
should respect the jury's decision
I I don't even know how to respond to
that I I'm mostly like speechless to a
lot of this stuff you know
uncharacteristically but I saw on U on
Cuomo show on news Nation he had on
haraldo and James Carville at the same
time and Heraldo was pointing out that
the jury was you know an anti-trump jury
and Carville actually tried to say and
public that juries can give you a good
verdict on any case in any location
because juries do the work and they take
it
seriously you should have seen him
squirm when he tried to say that because
you know he doesn't believe
it because nobody believes that I don't
think there's anybody who believes that
it doesn't matter where the the whole
reason that there's a process for
changing where you have the
trial it's part of the normal judicial
process that you can change the venue if
you're pretty sure that the locals are
are
biased it's built into the
system James
Carville the system explicitly accepts
that as not just maybe but as a fact the
system itself is designed with that in
mind as a fact that who the jury is the
you know what local it's in
can can have a great impact on the
decision how do you go in front of the
public and act like that doesn't make a
difference the tri the
jury oh my God Carville has just turned
into this weird little Gollum
creature I don't know how to explain it
it's
just the fact he say that in public in
public he says that like he says a lot
of you know stuff in public that is
provocative but that's just a he knows
that a lie and he knows everybody knows
it's a lie and the entire legal system
knows it's a lie every lawyer knows it's
a lie and he said it in public because
he got sort of Trapped so he didn't have
anything that he could say that was true
that would get him out of the Trap so he
just
lied it's like what a piece of
 I
saw um I think it's an investor some guy
uh VOD I forget his name but
uh yeah
anyway I there's some things I I'm just
so mad about that I can't even form the
words and I guess this is one of them so
I'm just going to skip that story anyway
no I don't respect the jury's decision I
don't respect the
jury all right I think that uh plan a
for the
Democrats uh plan a was to uh you know
maybe just muddy uh Trump up with the
felony allegation or
conviction but now that he's got the
conviction and now that they were
literally trying to remove his secret
service protection so he could actually
be killed in
jail
um do you think that the
Democrats now have to kill him
because we're in new territory now let
me put it this
way until they convicted him of 55
pelons and gave him a real chance of
going to jail I would not have assumed
that Trump would be vigorous in getting
his
revenge now I assume he will be vigorous
in getting his revenge and he'll have
lots of help because Republicans are
madder than ever
maybe anytime in the history of
Republicans except maybe when Lincoln
got shot or something
so I think I think Biden is in a
situation where he has to kill
Trump and he also can't drop out of the
race because if Biden doesn't win the
presidency
again there's going to be so much
pressure to put him in
jail I'll tell you I'll be pressuring to
put him in jail I'll be pressuring hard
and uh is there a crime for which we can
put him in jail yes real ones yeah there
probably plenty of them real ones you
don't have to make anything up I don't I
don't say that we should do anything
illegal
but if you know that the you know half
of the country is going to be pushing
president Trump if he gets elected to
put Biden in jail or at least law far
him for the rest of his life
um so here here's the situation Biden
can't drop out now how many how many of
you would accept that statement Biden
Cannot drop out of the race now it will
always be up to him but he can't because
if he loses he won't be a president and
then he's going to get picked up yeah
some state is going to issue an arrest
for him right away you know Florida or
Texas or something and should and should
and and by the way we should tell them
that we should say look Joe Biden if you
drop out of the
race you're going to get arrested
immediately I mean as soon as your your
term is over and here's the list of
things we're going to go after you for
and it will be the rest of your
life won't be anything left but this now
of course he would just claim he
couldn't you know he's too feeble to go
to court but that's how it would play
out and I don't hate the idea of making
a list of who should go to jail
you know I don't want to name
names but in this process to me it looks
like a RICO
situation I I don't know how you could
think it's not I mean it's so criminal
and it's so organized and we can see all
the moving parts I mean there's no
mystery to it at this point um I feel
like there's at least 20 to 50 Democrats
that could end up literally in jail if
Trump wins now how much fight would they
would they express if they knew they
might go to jail well they would do
anything so the odds of the the coming
election being attempted to be rigged I
think are now at 100% because it's
literally life and
death let me say that again whatever the
odds were before that 2024 would be
rigged or attempted to be rigged it's
now
100% because if the Democrats don't win
big
unexpectedly they're going to jail and
that has to be the
proposition the proposition is that if
you lose you're going to jail this
time
 yeah and maybe that's the
T-shirt this time if you lose you go
into jail now of course you don't want
to get the Democrats all worked up and
you know incentivized to work too hard
toward
winning so I'm not sure that we want to
make that the leading message I saw Jen
uh saki she was on MSNBC trying to
caution the other de the other Democrats
not to celebrate too hard well maybe we
should now just focus on the
issues yeah do you know why Jens saki
says we shouldn't celebrate so hard
because she knows that they've Unleashed
more energy than this country has ever
seen at one time only
911 created this much energy
that energy is going to go somewhere at
the moment the only place it can go is
toward funding Trump and voting for him
and registering
Etc I've seen uh story after Story now
of people who said I wasn't going to
vote for Trump but now I'm going to
crawl over glass I'm going to register I
donated I never donate I've now seen one
person and again I believe they don't
exist to say the opposite
not one so I think that the Democrats
are probably seeing the same thing that
we're seeing or you know maybe a weaker
version of it because they do understand
that energy has been Unleashed here's
what they don't
understand how
much they don't get that yet and uh it
might be a good idea not to lead with
that just just keep that energy but be
strategic you know you don't want to
give away your advantage so if the plan
is to put them all in jail when you
win just do that you know just do that
I'm not sure that having the list of who
we plan to
jail that's what feels good right
now so let's be strategic and not be
trying to you know juice our dopamine
because we got punched in the stomach
you know we need like a dopamine had a
little bit of a win or something but I
would take the win as the funding that
Trump is going to get I would take the
win as the polling you're going to see
in a day or so can you imagine the polls
my
God I I think it's going to change
things but maybe not uh I remind you
that if the regime is as crooked as it
looks what you should also expect are a
bunch of fake polls because they can't
have a crooked election unless it's
backed by some fake polls so that they
can always say oh those ones that say
that Trump was way ahead I guess we
should never listen to them again
because they got it all wrong you know
this these fake
polls said that Biden was going to win
all along and then sure enough he won so
forever now you should listen to these
polls not those ones that said Trump was
up by
20 so you're going to see massive fake
polling at a National level but it'll be
the minority and you'll also see it at
the state
level so I'm I'm already hearing reports
from let's say my
source who who says there's a strong
suspicion that at least one state has
some rigged polls to support a
potentially upcoming rigged
election so State polling and National
polling probably both corrupt at this
point but if they're not both corrupt at
the very least you should give them zero
credibility because everything at this
point is so
corrupt that you have to assume
corruption as your first take on any
government or judicial
thing all right um but what's really
important is and CNN is all over this
news story um what did uh Trump's
 niece Mary say about it and she
said that her uncle should go to jail
jail not just based on the jury's
verdict but also quote because of his
egregious behavior during the course of
this trial that's
right his his uh mentally deficient
niece who they keep tring out as the
official of the family uh to say
oh put them in jail um by the way I'm
taking that word an of WPS it used to be
a band word for myself
but you you can't watch her and say
there's something right about her I mean
clearly there's something wrong with
that woman
so yeah she wants him to be in jail
because of his behavior during a fake
trial so because he
complained that he was being lawed and
we could all see it that complaining
against the Injustice is reason enough
to go to jail
that's
yeah that's uh that's what she's adding
to the
process all right so here's my bottom
line if you watched the Trump trial and
you still think the 2020 election was
fair you're not
smart you're not there was a time when
you could say you
know I think there must be enough checks
and balances that even though I'm not
watching it personally ah citizen want
to get this right but now that we know
you can find 12
jurors 12 jurors that have no interest
in getting it right it looks to me how
hard would it be to get hundreds of
people to agree to rig an election for
all the same reasons it's basically the
same class of
people of course they would
try I don't know if they'd be successful
but of course they would try
all right um this is the funniest thing
so before the uh verdict came out the
Biden campaign was uh complaining
because they weren't getting enough
attention because the trial was getting
all the
attention so here's how I summarized it
in an
expost which I think captures the
situation so Biden's uh Dei campaign
staff couldn't get coverage for their
Dei event that they were putting on
because the Press wasn't acting Dei
enough so they're living in a a Dei
little bubble and they're wondering why
it doesn't
work because it's because Dei is
destroying the country yeah you wouldn't
get this case without Dei and we have
massive incompetence in all of our
systems now because of over promoting
unqualified people we can all see it now
that there's nobody who can claim they
don't see it it's very very clear we're
over promoting one group of people and
that causes the supply to be less than
the demand and that causes people to
lower their standards so has nothing to
do with anybody's genes and nothing to
do with their culture you that's that's
the other argument it's not my
argument and uh we can all see it so yes
Dei should by its design if you only saw
it on paper and you said hey Scott we're
thinking in doing this thing we're going
to really focus on victims and we're
going to you know have this system where
we try to promote to get more diversity
I would have said well what happens if
there's not enough diversity you know
not enough
Supply and they would have said oh we
just work harder to get it and I say no
you can't work harder to find what
doesn't exist the problem is that our
Early Education has not created enough
people from which you could hire as many
qualified people unless you have
openings so what are you going to do
then well we'll just work harder no you
won't you you will hit that goal because
it's written on paper and your boss says
you got to do it you will hit the
diversity goal you will just lower your
standards to do it and we see that
everywhere there's no place it doesn't
happen no place it doesn't happen every
single institution had to lower its
standards for Dei and they're all
crashing you literally planes are
falling out of the
air where we just convicted the
president
on
nothing planes are falling out of the
air our foreign policy is just almost
insanely
crazy you can see it everywhere
everything's falling apart it's all
Dei not all of it but a lot of
it all right um
so here's some things
happening um according to the Wall
Street Journal poll yeah back in April
uh that not too long ago they found that
some 30% of black men were either
considering or planning to vote for
Trump in
November 30% of black men what is the
ratio of uh black voters well according
to a recent poll it's closer to 20% by
half that
so
if if 30% of
men are thinking of voting Trump but the
average is
20 that means that the movement is men
the movement toward Trump is black men
and probably Hispanic men but I don't
know that one for sure let let me give
you another data
point so in my life here in California I
meet many people who were born in other
countries but now live in California do
you know one thing they all have in
common so far and by the way this is in
other states as
well so far 100% of them are pro Trump
has anybody noticed that do do you have
any any like employees or people you
work with who were born in other
countries just ask them the the people
born in other countries who came here
because they preferred
it are pretty pretty much unanimously
Pro Trump I haven't seen I I actually
haven't seen an
exception yeah I don't know if that's
just something about where I live and
keep in mind that I live in a very blue
area so I'm in blue California and I've
seen zero not one person born in another
country who thinks that anybody but
Trump should get
elected and they're quite vocal about
it oh actually let me think oh I can
think get two all right I just thought
of two but they are the
exception yeah the reason I didn't think
of the two is that they used to be
friends but they you know they we we
couldn't be friends anymore after the
Trump here so I forgot about them so yes
there are some people all
right sunny hoston on The View says she
wants she's complaining about everybody
saying that black supporters are going
to Trump well you haven't seen nothing
yet because you know how everybody says
it's so racist to assume that uh black
people will vote for Trump because he
had legal problems it's super racist
isn't
it well I'm going to predict it's going
to happen because here's what's
happening here here's the big
picture it's not just the legal
part right that might activate some
people but it's not just because the
legal system is is slapping him down
there's something bigger that I've never
seen anybody say it goes like this if
you were to if you were to take the one
thing you don't like about
Trump what would it be let's say you're
an
anti-trumper well first thing you'd say
is that he's too powerful and he's
getting everything he
wants right if you listen to the left
he's too powerful he's going to be a
dictator uh he's selfish he gets
everything he want only cares about
himself that sort of stuff and then you
watch the system try to crush him and
you watch that even with his fancy
lawyers he couldn't
escape do you know what that makes
him it's the democrat's worst
nightmare for the first time
ever the Democrats solved Trump's
biggest problem
and this is the first time you're going
to hear
this they created
empathy it's the biggest mistake in the
history of
politics there was only one thing that
would make you have no chance of winning
if you're a
Democrat making Trump look like an
ordinary
person for whom you would have empathy
because you see him being tortured by
the system that you supported with your
tax
dollars when that verdict was
read he wasn't the president of the
United
States he wasn't a
billionaire and he wasn't a
stranger that was
me that was
me I felt it like it happened to
me and I don't feel that about you know
your average billion is having a bad day
because I think well billionaire had a
bad day big deal you're still
billionaire but to take somebody like
Trump you know who's the the big
braggadocious some would say arrogant
you know billionaire always winning the
biggest problem with that is that there
there's some number of people as in most
Democrats who are so turned off by
somebody who's a braggadocious frat boy
always winning winning winning winning
ah I hate it and they they just removed
the biggest problem about Trump if the
legal system can do this to him and we
note that no armies were formed to break
him out of jail right did did you see
the gangs trying to break him out of
jail I didn't we saw that he is as
subject to the legal system even when
it's corrupt as we
are so the entire argument that the
Democrats have been pushing is that
there's something magical about him
whereby this one individual could
somehow become a dictator through force
of
Personality because he doesn't have an
army he doesn't have a single person who
thinks that's a good idea who's on his
side you know even if you imagined he
wanted to be a dictator nobody wants to
install a dictator in his
80s who who wants that do you want an
80-year-old dictator said
nobody even if you wanted a dictator you
wouldn't want one of that
age
so I this is a story that I haven't seen
anywhere which is the biggest problem
Trump had just got
solved they they Wizard of Oz him in
empathy that's what it is Remember The
Wizard of Oz the Tin man comes in and
you know he doesn't have a heart but
he's basically framed to have one and
this raw man doesn't have a brain but
he's sort of reframed to have one it's
like the Wizard Oz just gave Trump
empathy it it's the one thing that he
joined up with Dorothy to get it was the
only thing missing basically it's the
only thing
missing so they just solv for that
because he's got plenty of empathy
now and uh I'm going to take it my
personal mission to destroy the Democrat
Party over this
and the way I'm going to do it is I'm
going to spend the summer reminding them
that U men are leaving the Democrat
Party once that message starts taking
hold and it'll it be hard for me to
break through but I think I can do it
once women's women learn that men are
leaving the party it's going to be hard
for them to stay because you know what's
a dangerous place to be if you're a
woman a place where there are no real
men that's a dangerous place I think
that biology will kick in and that
normal women you know not not the
extreme lefts but the normal women who
are Democrats are going to say I don't
think I feel safe in a party that
doesn't have any actual men in it and I
say no actual men I mean they're going
to be left with Norm Eisen Adam Schiff
Jamie Rasin and Joe Biden and a bunch of
people who look like the they came from
the uh The Island of Misfit Toys I mean
are they men
is Adam Schiff a man is Norm Eisen a man
and they're more like creatures like
Golems or something they just seem like
little monsters of some kind so I don't
think that women can hang out in a party
where the men that they're associated
with and become their
accessories are little
weasels yeah if you want to go where
there are actual male people who can
protect you and build things and stuff
like that Republicans got plenty but uh
the the so-called men who are doing the
heavy lifting on the
left
are not medable they're
unfuckable is basically the Democrats is
an entire party of unfuckable
men and women are going to figure that
out so I'm going to go for identity
remember I told you identity is more
important than policies or facts or
anything like that
if you're a woman your identity is in
some ways uh related to the men that you
can be around would you agree that a
woman's identity if she's married and it
works both ways you know it works for
the men as well uh your
identified quite a bit by your spouse it
works both ways right if you uh let's
say you're hanging around with a B bunch
of real Alpha men on a
yacht you think think to yourself well
this feels good because I'm on a yacht
with a bunch of men who have power and
muscles and and money and stuff so you
you feel like you are in the right place
because you're safe and you can you can
pull powerful men to be around you once
the Democrat women the normal ones you
know not the green-haired ones but the
normal ones realize that real men are
just not in their party it's going to be
hard to stay there there's an accessory
effect that will kick
in
yeah all
right so Galla pole uh said uh right now
do you think that the economic
conditions in the country are getting
better or worse and in May uh 70% said
worse how in the world does Joe Biden
get elected if we have a fair election
and 70% of the country thinks the
economic condition is getting worse
under him you can't so I think you can
eliminate the option that there will be
a fair election and Biden will win it's
either going to be Trump wins fairly or
unfairly or something but there's just
no way that he can have a fair election
and win with these headwinds all right
other news just so you've heard
it um anthropic one of the AIS that's a
competitor to open AI uh they're going
to allow that to connect to other apps
and data now if you're not as nerdy as I
am that doesn't mean anything to you but
right now open Ai and other things you
can't tell it to do anything I want to
tell my open AI to open an app and do
something and get back to me but it you
know can't interact with other stuff I
wanted to look at a database and you
know know for sure what's in it and tell
me it's not really good at that it lies
but if uh anthropic can pull this off
and connect it to databases and apps
Everything Changes right so I know this
is sort of a nerdy technical thing but
that one thing is the dangerous part and
I think that's re the reason we didn't
have it
yet uh I think the reason we didn't have
it yet is that people were waiting to
see how dangerous AI was because you
don't want to say hey AI here's access
to my messaging
apps and then AI decides to send
messages to all your friends telling you
you know you've got other plans so so I
think we must have figured out we can
control AI well enough we humans that we
can give it a little
power because it didn't have power
before power to do things now we'll have
power to actually do things in the real
world so that either is the end of the
world or something awesome I don't
know there's a uh study that says from
resum templates.com that says most most
job Seekers lie or cheat during the
hiring process well let me save you a
little time
here uh oh was a trump presser happening
now all right we're g to we're going to
wrap it up and uh go to the Trump
presser in a second uh anyway most job
Seekers lie I could have told you that
you should have asked
Scott um I'm G to let you go and we can
all watch the uh Trump presser because
you don't want to miss it so I'm going
to shut this down but uh I'll give a
little delay because I know that there's
some kind of delay and looks like I shut
it
down so I'm just going to stall but
that's the end of the show and I'll
probably have a sip of
coffee waiting for about 30 seconds
until I turn it
off yeah I was trying to say Gollum the
character from tolken but I always spell
it
wrong buy more Trump stock well I don't
have any Trump stock because that's
really just a gambling thing but maybe
yeah um I don't think I'll cover it but
I'm going to go to it now so bye for now
everybody
e
e
e e