hey everybody come on in here you know
what time it is it's time for coffee
with Scott
Adams I'm your host Scott
Adams and you lucky people have made it
in time you have passed the test you're
ready you're able and you're in there
good for you
well let's take it to the next level let
us enjoy the simultaneous sip grab your
mug your cup your thermos your chalice
your Stein fill it with your favorite
liquid and join me for the simultaneous
sip oh
yeah all right well we got a few
interesting news items fortunately it's
not all about the wall
today uh I think my favorite one was uh
Tom
broka uh
being being the sacrificial uh adult
white
male who uh had to be taken down today
so poor Tom broka who I think you could
say his brand is Democrat right I mean
since he's retired anyway but Tom brov
made the mistake of saying that he
thought Hispanics should
uh assimilate better or learn the
language better and that was considered
insensitive backwards possibly racist
and he's he's spending the morning uh
apologizing like crazy so that he
doesn't end his storyed career with with
this mark on his
record and
um it was fascinating to see how quickly
he got thrown under the bus so uh anyway
we'll we'll just watch that
story meanwhile while nobody's paying
attention it appears that maybe uh Trump
is well on the way to solving his
fourth
war and it's funny that this doesn't get
any attention so what I'm talking about
is Afghanistan now of course it's way
too early to be uh optimistic but
apparently the Taliban and the United
States have reached some kind of
agreement but it might even be harder
for them to reach agreement with the
government of
Afghanistan so uh it's probably a good
sign that the US and the Taliban have
talked and something positive seems to
have come out of that but probably a
long way toward getting out of there
however yeah too early to
call but but I like to I like to remind
people of this um Trump might solve four
or five
Wars and he's only been in office two
years so you've got North
Korea that I would say is on its way to
being solved you know we're not there
yet of course uh but everything looks
good there it's hard for me to imagine
that going backwards at this point and
the big problem is that they had nukes
aimed at us and that's solved I mean
well I don't know if how aimed they are
but the point is that North Korea and
the United States are not enemies
anymore we just stop being enemies so
the big threat is over you know but
there a lot of lot of details to work
out to uh to get to the end
State uh the war in Yemen last I knew
the pressure from the United States was
instrumental in getting the the sides in
Yemen talking I haven't heard much from
Yemen lately but last I heard they were
uh talking about uh uh at least ceasing
hostilities so that would be
two um of course we're pulling out of
Syria that still needs a lot of lot of
negotiating to make sure we can do that
and the the Kurds don't get slaughtered
and and all that but it looks like
probably we'll figure out a way to do
that so it could be that in two years
Trump has made serious progress in four
Wars you know if you count beating down
the uh uh Isis if you if you count
Afghanistan if you count Yemen and uh
North
Korea that's not
bad four
Wars Somalia Somalia I'm not too
informed on but um I don't know the deal
there but maybe I'll learn that someday
all
right let's talk about uh Cala so Kamala
Harris as you know has been selected by
uh the media it's pretty obvious now and
CNN gave gave her a big love letter in
the form of uh a town hall or has that
happened yet I don't know if that's
happened or it's about to happen but
it's pretty obvious that she is the the
one selected by the the media Powers
which means that she will be the the
candidate unless something surprising
comes up but let's talk about uh let's
talk about a a few elements of that
um number
one uh apparently do you remember the
mole I used to talk about someone I
named the mole back in uh the 2016
election and the idea was the mole is
not necessarily a real person although
it could be you don't know you could be
but the mole uh the mole was a sort of a
concept for somebody giving bad advice
to Hillary Clinton specifically about
her tweets and her her messaging and her
uh slogans and such and I I heard that
um Cala Harris has a number of ex uh
Hillary people who are advising her and
Boyd is his show you can really see the
the Hillary Clinton effect she so she's
sort of Hillary 2.0 let's talk about her
persuasion number one
Charisma let's talk about Cala Harris's
Charisma I watched a little bit of her
speech she doesn't have
any
oops so it looks like the Democrats are
on the verge of of picking another uh
soulless vessel with no no Charisma
whatsoever
which is nothing but funny to me because
if there was one thing they needed to
get right you know they they needed to
get the Obama magic right you say what
you will about Obama but he had Charisma
you know through the roof right you know
you can't take that away from him even
if you don't like anything else he did
he had tons of Charisma still
does
Cala does not have Charisma um and
before you jump on me and say well maybe
you're being sexist keep in mind that I
told you long before uh AOC who I call
rpos Al I'm thinking of I'm thinking of
changing aoc's nickname to uh blue
Trump blue because Democrats and you
know and there are no humans that are
blue so it's a good
color so blue Trump meaning that she's
essentially following Trump's Playbook
AOC but she has
Charisma again say what you will about
her politics say what you will about you
know her socialism whatever I'm not
arguing her
politics but uh blue
Trump she's got a ton of
Charisma uh and if she were old enough
to run for president she'd be the the
front runner right now but Kamala does
not now Hill Clinton was trained as a
lawyer Kamal Harris trained as a
lawyer I don't know how president Trump
could lose to a
lawyer anything's possible right uh but
how do you lose to a
lawyer in this day and age it feels like
it would be the easiest contest in the
world uh let's talk about a few other
things
um let's talk about her slogans Cala
Harris's slogans and this is the funny
part so her campaign slogan is for the
people now is that the
weakest most
Bland
unpersuasive Charisma free slogan you've
ever heard in your life for the
people as opposed to
what what is there somebody else who's
running to represent the
animals I'm pretty sure for the people
is kind of what all politicians are so
that looks like another example of the
mo giving her advice but my favorite one
was
um and this is this is all you need to
know about the quality of her advice
right now so you figure she's getting
tons of advice from all the EX Hillary
people coming in and saying do this do
that and her signature line from her uh
Speech I think it was the uh
announcement speech of her kandacy she
said we are better than this and that
that's the thing that got uh that got
all the attention we are better than
this what do you hear when you say we
are better than this what do you
hear here's what I hear there's
something wrong with you
imagine if somebody somebody decides to
run for president under the slogan I
don't know I think there's something
wrong with you
people collectively I don't know you're
not so great there's just something
wrong with you
people that it I don't know if it could
be a worse slogan I I don't know if you
sat in a room with nothing but moles you
know people who are just uh had bad
intentions and wanted to give you bad
advice uh we are better than this
something that would come out of a mole
committee all right compare make America
great
again make America great again says that
we are capable of making things
great all right so you're thinking great
but you're thinking okay the system the
system is broken the America part but
we're pretty awesome because we can f
fix that broken system and make it great
again so Trump's slogan is still the
gold standard of of slogans in my
opinion because make America great again
is active it's powerful it's positive
it's it's a compliment to the country
yeah we can do this we can make this
system that's broken great again Cala
Harris we're better than this we are
better than this in other words the
people are broken
think about it Trump's slogan says the
system could be better and we awesome
people can fix it kamala's kamala's
signature line is that the people are
broken you people are defective it's not
quite
deplorable but it's close now when she
says we are better than this does she
mean that Democrats are better than this
no she doesn't she means that the other
team the deplorables shall we call
them they're are
defective she's literally calling half
of well we'll say figuratively calling
half of the
country
defective who in the world gave her that
advice can think about it can you
imagine worse advice is there anything
Dumber persu wise than to than to tell
the citizens they're
defective uh it was wonderfully
bad all right um I'm going to read here
here's some more bad Kamala harrisa so
here's her 12 hours ago she tweeted this
now keep in mind that this is in the
context of announcing her candidacy for
president so any tweet you see in the
last 24 hours are really the ones that
she thought about and the the ones that
really she wants to make her brand all
right so this is not some tweet from
three years ago this this is something
she's decided consciously this is where
I'm going to you know put the steak in
the ground this is my brand right so
listen to her tweet from 12 hours ago
Kamal Harris we will fight for an
America where our daughters sisters
mothers and grandmothers are respected
where they live where and where they
work where Reproductive Rights are not
just protected by the Constitution but
guaranteed in every
state now first
reaction is
oh I like making sure that half of the
people in this country have a good
experience meaning the female half of
the country yeah I totally agree with
the message I would like I would love to
see daughters sisters mothers and
grandmothers are are
respected is there anybody who was
against that do you do you know anybody
who was on the other team it was anybody
was saying hey you know what we need is
a little less respect for daughters
sisters mothers and grandmothers but
here's the
thing what about
men what about
men I'm going to read it to you again
and then ask yourself
this who is she running to rep
represent and who is she proposing that
she
controls controls the behavior of
because when she says that they she's
going to fight to get more respect for
daughters sisters mothers and
grandmothers is she suggesting that
women don't respect each other that
doesn't seem to be the implication here
it seems to be written to say that
there's something wrong with men
Am I
Wrong think about this Frame I believe
she's saying there's something wrong
with men specifically because there's
nothing in this about something that
needs to be fixed with women she's
fixing something for women for the
Sisters Mothers Daughters and
grandmothers and of course we're all in
favor of that right wouldn't we all like
um wouldn't we all like women to have a
good experience women and girls of
course but
the way she's framed it is that men are
the are men are the
problem Am I Wrong did she not frame
this as men are the problem and so then
I thought to myself well let me look at
her campaign
ad and there's she's got a little
campaign ad where she shows little
families and people and stuff and of
course it's it's wonderfully diverse
it's just a real diverse group of people
you know right on brand that part's good
and I thought to myself are there any
adult white men in her campaign ad and I
actually had to slow it down to see one
in other words I had to stop it and go
back and stop it and go back and stop it
go back and there was one there was one
shaved head bald white
guy and the rest were every everything
else now the everything else is fine
because that's who she's representing
and the country's got a lot of people so
you want to you want to get them all in
there but I was trying to look at how
she would treat the fact that she's so
clearly running an
anti-male you know if we can be honest
about it it's an anti-male campaign it's
a proman campaign and I like proman that
part's great but the anti-male
part is why I called her Hillary 2.0
she's also Gone full of racis
um sort of same as a little different
than Hillary but she started out with
the old uh president Trump hasn't uh
denied uh White
supremacists which of course is a
lie and of course based on fake news
about charlottesv so the people who
believe that you know for those if
anybody's new here when the president
said there were good people fine people
on both sides he meant both sides of the
statue debate the news Twisted that into
hey I think he says that white
supremacists refine people which is
ridiculous of course he didn't say that
you know they were they were marching
and saying anti-semitic things and what
are the odds that Israel hasn't noticed
if he's actually if he if he were
actually supporting those white
supremacists who were marching and
saying anti-semitic things do we imagine
that Israel Israel would not have
noticed and obviously they seem good
with this President so
So based on fake news Kamala has said
that the president's a big old racist
and she's really calling you a bunch of
racists you meaning anybody here who
supports president Trump by calling the
president a racist she isn't calling him
a
racist that's not really the whole
message she's kind of saying that his
supporters are
races right so she's gone full race race
and her right out of the choot sounds
like the mole is giving her advice so if
you wanted to be an anti male socialist
racist scold with no Charisma she's
nailing it but she's also the strongest
candidate
so I'm not going to tell you that she
can't win it's still kind of early but
uh she is a weak candidate let me tell
you
um because of the Charisma thing and
because she's apparently taking very bad
advice you know if if whoever advised
Bernie just advised her I I think she
could win in the
walkway if if I'll say this again if
whoever advised Bernie back with in his
run was now advising Kamala I'm pretty
sure she could she could take the
election but it seems like she's getting
advice primarily from ex Hillary people
which would lead her down the same trail
of Doom now one of the things I'm seeing
a lot of uh people who do not like
Kamala Harris as a
candidate and bringing up the some
history of uh her romantic life in the
past in which she dated Willie Brown
famous politician from uh San Francisco
California area
and that he was alleged to have helped
her in her career now we can take that
away from alleged because Willie Brown
just wrote a piece in which he said he
did help her in her career and he was
dating her at the
time now this is exactly why I love
Willie Brown now I don't know all of the
things he's done politically Andor you
know if he's done anything I don't like
but I'm just going to I'm going to
evaluate Willie Brown as a personal it
and as a politician I guess I love that
guy and let me tell you what made me
fall in love with Willie Brown as a
politician again I'm not endorsing
everything he's ever done I'm just
saying personality wise uh years ago
many years ago when Willie Brown was had
a lot of power in California there was
some kind of vote that came up about
tobacco and I I forget it was either
public smoking bill or maybe taxes on
Tobacco something like that but it was
something that the tobacco companies
would be
against at the same time Willie Brown
was well known for taking lots of
campaign money from tobacco companies so
some reporter said to Willie Brown
Willie Brown how can you be objective
and vote you know in a way we can
trust when you're taking money from the
tobacco companies and Willie Brown gave
the best answer I've ever SE scene to a
gotcha question he looked into the
camera and I assume there was a camera
running and he
said uh if you can't take money from
people and then turn around and screw
them you're in the wrong
business end of the
story the whole story that he was taking
money from the tobacco companies just
dissolved because he completely admitted
he's taking their money and then he said
yeah if you can't take somebody's money
and then screw them you're in the wrong
business I'm I'm in politics you know I
can do that and it was so blunt and so
funny and so unexpected because anybody
else would have gone a different
direction on that I just said to myself
this guy's got some
game so I fell in love with him from
that day
on anyway um
should we talk about the
wall here's some things to look
for somebody somebody told me that when
I uh I always have allergies in the
morning that if I if I use a Kleenex off
camera like like this it sounds like it
looks like I'm doing lines of cocaine
but I'm
not all right here's the thing I'm
looking for when the folks the the
working group is negotiating
about what they're going to do with the
wall have you heard who's on the
committee and who's working on
it I haven't have any of you can any of
you name anybody who's on the working
committee trying to come up with this
wall Funding
Solution okay
if because it seems like that would be
toward the top of the news yeah most of
you saying no the fact that you haven't
heard who they are who's on the
committee means they don't have a
chance if you do later hear who's on it
and you do hear a little uh hear a
little bit about you know some engineers
and some experts if you start seeing
pictures in other words more
transparency then I think there's some
hope but if the media does a complete
blackout and it's just like a a black
box um committee where you don't know
their names you don't know where they
are you don't you don't see any pictures
you don't see any proposals and when
they're done you don't see any details
and you don't hear about the names of
any Engineers let let me I'll I'll make
it simpler if you don't
see somebody who is a border expert SL
engineer some somebody who's really
close to the process and and knows the
costs and the benefits and the
trade-offs if you don't see those people
being interviewed on any of the news
stations if nobody wants to talk to The
Experts there's nothing that's going to
happen the president said there's a
50/50 chance which is exactly the right
answer he doesn't want to act optimistic
or pessimistic so I think that was the
right answer um but I've said from the
beginning there's not much of a chance
that this will be done in 3 weeks
there's not much of a chance of that
because everything gets delayed so I
don't know how long it will take uh
but something will come out of that now
as I've said before um it it's looking
like the only way that this committee
can keep president Trump from having a
win is by putting a poison pill in
there and by poison pill I mean throwing
in some amnesty related um
extras that are Beyond just the question
of the fence or the wall or or the
wind so it looks like the
committee or at least if there are any
Democrats on it will probably try to
throw in some things that independent of
the border security and the and the
physical border will try to kill it
because anything they do that gives a
few billion dollars to Trump is going to
look like sort of a
win and since the entire point of the
committee is to allocate
you know more money for border security
and that's exactly what he campaigned on
is you know more border security the
Wall Part I think they can explain that
way but uh or I let me say that more
clearly I believe it would be easy for
the president to sell to his base uh I
talked about a wall but we ended up with
a smart wall and it's more cost
effective and better
too so can the president sell to his
base a better solution than a wall I
think so pretty easily I would say so
I'm not worried about that so I think
that the only thing that the Democrats
can do to derail this president from
getting a victory at the end of this
process whether it's 3 weeks or 15 weeks
or whatever it is the only thing they
can do is throw a poison pill in there
so we'll see how successfully they try
to throw in some some amnesty thing um
all
right um I I've told you a few times
that watching my periscopes is like
watching the news uh a long time before
the news happens I want to give you some
examples I I've course told you that
President Trump would be elected two
years before it happened um or a year
before it happened I guess and I told
you that Cala Harris would be the likely
candidate
back in the summer so I think that when
Cala Harris was way down in the
polls um you may remember that I chose
her as the likely person to run against
Trump and I told you that months ago and
now now you see that
happening um The New York Times had a
story today which is behind a pay wall
but I could tell from the headlines what
it is that at the Davos uh event that
there were male Executives saying that
they no longer are feel they no longer
feel comfortable mentoring
women so remember I told you when the me
too thing happened that there was going
to be a bad side effect for women which
is that men would stop mentoring them
because you you can't spend time with
them you don't want to have too much
contact and sure enough that's happened
so I called that one two years before it
materialized remember I told you that
the
uh that the the Cuban uh Sonic weapon
would never be discovered and that it
would be more of a uh psychological
Andor uh mostly psychological
event so far so far it seems right
remember I told you when the Vegas
Massacre happened um Stefan Paddock I
guess remember everybody that the news
was saying looks like
Isis and I said no it's not
and then they said Isis has claimed
credit for it and I said it's still not
and then people said but Isis rarely
almost never claims credit for something
unless they actually did it it's
happened but it's very rare to which I
said it's not Isis what do we know now
not Isis right again what did I tell you
about North Korea a year before good
things happened happened there I told
you that events were lining up and that
this president had a unique skill set
and that North Korea Against All Odds
was going to break
positive I'm the only person in the
world who said that literally the only
person in the world about a year before
it
happened some says do we know stepen
Paddock wasn't Isis yeah I think we know
that um
somebody says are we getting a
prediction um give me a topic what would
you like to see
predicted but uh I guess I'm just trying
to draw you a picture here that I have
been telling you the future for a while
now uh I've SE lots of questions about
Howard Schultz uh my prediction is that
Howard Schultz will not run a third-
party
campaign he will not because doing so
would make him the least popular person
in the world he wouldn't
win and he would be coming from one of
the most popular people in the world to
the most hated person in the world and
it would cost him a lot of money and it
would be hard it's almost no chance that
that's going to make sense to him when
he when he figures out uh RBG outcome do
you mean health health
outcome um
[Music]
Bloomberg uh would have no oh uh if you
mean Bloomberg running a third party no
uh I don't think Bloomberg has any
realistic chance of getting the
nomination now am I watching John
McAfee um not I'm not watching him
closely but uh I know a little bit about
John mcafe situation and he's going to
be fun to
watch um here's another one I told told
you about who who was the first person
who told you that
AOC was going to be a big
deal there were two people actually who
told you from day one as soon as soon as
she started hitting the headlines and
this was months and months ago who told
you that she was going to be the
headlines for a long time all right Mike
cernovich and me now it's not a coinci
Ence that the two of us picked her out
of the crowd so early and it's not a
coincidence that both of us picked um
Trump out of a cloud a crowd before
other people did we both saw the same
thing you know the same skill set and we
could see it early because we we share
that skill
set yeah so so Mike stovich called that
and and he was telling you he was saying
it loud and often and I was doing the
same thing at the same time telling you
that this is not a flash in the pan and
that she has the Trump skill set that's
that's why I'm I'm considering calling
AOC blue
Trump because she really is taking his
exact here we'll get rid of damn it why
can't I select
people I don't
know my blocking finger isn't working as
well
um skill set in Persuasion
um you saw recently that uh when AOC
said that we had we had 12 years left
before climate change kills us and of
course the people on the right jumped on
that and said oh how stupid could you be
you think we're all going to die in 12
years now I haven't talked to Mike
cernovich about this but I can tell you
with complete confidence without being a
mind reader what he thought about it
when she's said climate change will kill
us in 12 years I don't even have to talk
to Mike don't even have to see his his
tweets to know what he thought about it
she didn't mean 12 years and of course
she later tweeted that she was mocking
somebody for taking her literally as if
she actually meant 12 years she never
meant 12 years it was hyperbole it was
Trump technique it made her headline
news it made her the biggest voice in
this to topic and then she got to say
well not
literally but she already already got
the public The public's mind where she
wanted so when you see her do stuff like
that it's not an accident she knows how
to use hyperbole she knows how to
control the the headlines and I got I
got some more bad news for
you I was listening to her uh her talk
recently I forget at what venue it was
and you're going to hate this you're
really going to hate this she's a lot
smarter than you
think so I at first I was thinking well
maybe she has a special talent just in
the persuasion stuff and then she would
say things about you know the cost of
Health Care and things that didn't add
up and you'd say to yourself well oh my
God she's she's bad at math or something
so she must maybe she's not very smart
because uh uh she says things that don't
make sense like we're going to be dead
in 12 years from climate change that's
not true or or uh we'll actually save
money if we have Universal Health Care
and everybody's like that's not true how
dumb can you be to think socialism gets
good but I was listening to and I'll
tell you why I say this I was listening
to
her choice of
words and when she gets off of her um
you know tweeting voice you know you
could say that Trump has sort of a a
tweeting voice you know he Tweets in a
certain way it's it's simpler it's more
aggressive it's more provocative she has
that mode too but when she backs off
that a little bit and you see her higher
vocabulary come
out that's when you go oh
no because she she changes to a higher
vocabulary and as soon as you hear it
it's hard to say it's hard to say she's
dumb right cuz vocabulary is really a
giveaway you know just the way she
selects words on the Fly and I thought
to myself
oh damn it she's smarter than you think
she's Pro I'm thinking she's super smart
I'm thinking that and and what you think
of as her not being smart is you know
part of the ACT
so watch for that um she's smarter than
you
think all
[Music]
right oh just to be clear I think she's
a
racist so I wouldn't want her to have uh
any control in the country that I live
in so yeah I mean she's a flat race race
beter racist so I'm not a fan because
you know how can you be a fan of a r
racist but
um but that doesn't make her skill set
any less doesn't make her less smart
Gillette Harris so some uh few people
have noted online that Cala Harris's uh
campaign approach is basically the
Gillette
commercial and that's one of those
comments where the moment you hear it
you have to laugh okay maybe for some of
you it's the first time you've heard it
but if you saw the Gillette commercial
and and you've seen Cala Harris's
approach which is men or bad I mean
basically men or bad is the message it's
the the secret anti-male dog
whistle that isn't Secret at all uh it's
pretty
funny you think AOC is racist yeah she's
she's uh framed things in racial terms
so if somebody's running you know
somebody's a major politician and they
frame things in racial terms terms
that's a racist that's what it
is uh people who don't frame things that
way are not
racist
um all right that's all for now and I
will talk to you later