[Music]
[Music]
look what I got
anybody q-tip it's that q-tip one boob
look okay entertain the folks oh man
total waste of q-tip alright cats need
to know what's on the other side of the
door so let's talk let's chat boo
she's a talker all right boo
sorry I'm late today everybody ooh do
you see this do you see this this could
be exciting this is your moment
ooh here we go
that's some cat action right there you
know if you watch that documentary that
the tiger came and you couldn't get
enough this is really sort of like that
it's just on a smaller scale okay
apparently that bath mat will have to be
replaced after she rips it to shreds
she's very vocal Wow well
there's the beauty shot right there she
looks away it's almost like cats
understated what what cameras are they
will not look into the camera I'm not in
the toilet per se I'm in the outer
bathroom issue area most of you if I
took bath that would be my view okay
let's get to the questions does anyone
have a question that they would like to
ask a little guest yes oh you can hear
me I'm good how are you doing good good
what is your question for me
I am wondering about the lockdown well
specifically with how are they going to
so I'm trying to get my thought into
something coherent take your time
alright sorry the question is with
regards to a resurgence with the lock
how do you think they're going to handle
a resurgence let's say New York City
they unlock and then a few weeks later
their cases climb up again what do you
think they'll do do you think the public
will accept another severe lockdown
well they will if there's data to back
it up
so if
hospitals are over a capacity then yes
and if if what is asked of people sounds
reasonable
that yes I don't think people are
willing to not go to parks and you know
places where it's just obviously safer
so I think there would be some revalue
there but I think these things sort of
trend it toward the reasonable and the
reasonable would be if if the hospital's
impact they back off a little bit but if
they do it intelligently yeah I think
people will comply they just have to see
some pretty hard data to do it if it's
done if it's done with sketchy data or
it's done in a way that people think is
premature which would be hard to judge
did you that that you know that problem
of people being infected don't really
show up for a week so it could be that
it'll be another one of those decisions
where we just don't have the right data
and yet you have to make a decision it
feels like this whole coronavirus
situation has been that over and over
which is no we don't have the right data
yes yeah it's very muddied with the if
no action was taken we really don't know
would we have seen hundreds of thousands
or we have seen millions it's very
difficult to compare given that what the
action was taken well I think the
interesting thing is I think we'll know
the answer to that because at some point
we'll have enough testing that it were a
long way from this I think so they
lacked enough testing to know how many
people have already been exposed and
recovered okay and then how many people
died so once once we know those two
things we'll have a sense of how you
know how catchy it was house ready or
viral it was because it you know it's
both factors is the death rate but it's
also you know how quickly other people
catch it
so we'll actually we'll we'll have the
numbers we need to calculate what would
have happened if it had
progressed farther and faster I think I
think we'll be able to work it out maybe
all right thanks for the question
sorry about my piggy end over there
right I'm gonna have to take the guest
who's icon is a Clorox bubble Oh
Clorox went away I ain't feeling that
the Clorox icon personal tool is gonna
be interesting
all right despite the fact that you have
a Calvin and Hobbes icon okay that one
doesn't want to come either all right
seems that people are yelling out
quickly here all right finally do you
have a question for me
you were not monitoring your phones yeah
I'm here
oh there you are all right do you have a
question for me yeah I do actually
didn't know you were me you're calling
me but uh yeah I um I wanted to talk to
you about the what you said about it's
more sustainable to have universal basic
income than what we have now but I have
to disagree because if it's funded by
printing more money what what makes it
more sustainable well I don't know what
context I might have said more
sustainable so I don't even know what
that opinion is hard to defend it I'll
just tell you what I think about you
behind maybe that will answer your
question what I think is there's no way
we're going to know unless it's tested
the beauty of it is it's testable so you
know you could you could tiptoe in and I
wouldn't prepare anything that we do in
the in the context of an emergency with
what makes sense for the long run so it
could be a good idea and
the other and the cameras nobody's
really smart enough to know if the
answer were if the answer could be
derived by bath or some kind of you know
model that was you know even a little
bit credible or even if waters even if
why is people all agreed you know you'd
have something but we don't have any of
those things we don't have we don't have
experience data models we just sort of
be guessing kept them there for testing
it's the only thing that makes sense
can I set a way that would be I'm sorry
what can I propose a way that I think
would make it sustainable yes if you can
do it in a brief fashion to demonstrate
your mastery over communications I think
if we switched over to a consumption tax
to fund it rather than an income tax
because the problem with an income tax
if you're funding you be is there's less
people making incomes through the free
market to fund it but if you if you if
we switch to a consumption then the tax
from that everyone everyone buys stuff
so everyone will be contributing not
just the people earning incomes well of
course these things it if it were as
simple as that it would be back to we
would have some experience or some data
or some reliable models or stuff so
those are the sorts of ideas that smart
people will disagree because there's no
real way to know is that a good idea
maybe the obvious the obvious drawback
but who knows if it's a big enough
drawback is that a consumption tax will
you know cause people to buy less stuff
so what does that do to you it might be
to move in there because there wouldn't
be like corporate taxes and stuff it'll
generate more entrepreneurship in the in
the sense that you're replacing it
replacing some taxes with other ones so
it's more encouraging to start a
business then this is what Mary so so it
would be more it would be more
encouraging we're encouraging to start a
business but there would be fewer
customers because the customers would be
giving tax on what they purchase
yeah but so you'd be increasing the
number of companies will decrease