but I bum bum ba boom ba ba ba ba ba ba
whoa hey everybody get in here hey Joe
hey Sharon come on in here I'm a little
bit late I overslept sorry Tyler Morgan
come on in I hope y'all have your coffee
because it's a day for coffee with Scott
Adams well we're almost at a thousand
viewers and that means it's time to
hoist your mug your vessel your chesil
your cup your glass your container with
the beverage of your choice I like
coffee join me for the simultaneous set
hmm you should do an a/b test later try
a sip without doing it simultaneously
won't be as good so it's impossible not
to talk about dr. Christine Ford and she
has captivated the country with her
allegations against judge Cavanaugh that
is also captivating the country here are
some questions I have number one why is
it so hard to find a good photo of
Christine Ford on Google what's up with
that there are only two photos you see
were three I think two of them she has
sunglasses on so you can't see your eyes
and and once she does not so much so
that I'm not even sure the one without
the sunglasses is even her you can't
really even tell it's the same person
but why are we not seeing pictures of
her just a question if I were her if I
were her handlers if I were her lawyers
here's what I would do since she's in
the news and since these old pictures of
her are the ones that are flying around
I would make sure that there's at least
one good photo that just puts her at a
good light like literally just makes her
look good
makes her look happy smiley you know in
control just makes her look you know as
good as she can look that seems like
lawyering 101 doesn't it
if there if there are no good pictures
of her in the universe but they're still
being printed like crazy you go out
there and you get a good picture right
Peter Duke I know Peter Duke
photographer is listening to me right
now and agreeing with every word I just
said it there so this again is looking
for the empty space alright so when
you're looking at the picture don't look
at just the stuff that's on the canvas
look at this look at the empty part of
the campus - the empty part of this is
any good lawyer representing someone
whose pictures everywhere would provide
a better picture so why are her lawyers
not doing it are they bad lawyers
possible right could be but I understand
that they're high-level lawyers or
number two there's something about the
picture that they don't think would
would help so what should we ever see
her live I think it's gonna be
interesting because it'll be the first
time we've actually really seen her I
would say I'm not sure we've seen her
because the picture without her
sunglasses is very old it's like a high
school picture and the pictures of the
more modern version of her with
sunglasses and you can't really can't
really get the measure of her so there's
that
remember I told you that the the
Democratic Party is starting to self
brand this is not my opinion of them
they're starting to self brand as
party party of women the party for women
which sort of leaves men a little bit
out in the Democratic Party but that's
their choice they can they can do
whatever they want with their party I'm
not saying it's good or it's bad it
might actually be good maybe it would be
healthy to have a you know a female
centric party that just just goes with
that theme you never know it could be
good I always like a healthy competition
in all things but somebody just told me
that Jeremy Jeremy Corbyn referred to
his party over in Great Britain as the
party for women and I thought that's
interesting it's you know it's a thing
that somebody actually calling his party
the party of women the party for women
and again that might be good maybe it's
a good way to brand maybe it's a way to
win maybe it's a healthy way to compete
who knows but here's here's where this
all gets interesting at the same time
work with me here right at the same time
that the Democratic Party is branding
itself very hard I would say as the
party of women and for women and I think
you would agree with that
characterization right I think you would
at the same time they're doing that who
is the woman or women who are sort of
the the face of the Democratic Party
well it's sort of distributed right
there's Nancy Pelosi and there's still
Hillary but you're are they really the
face of the Democratic Party there's you
know there there's Elizabeth Warren
there's you know so I can go down the
list but none of them have quite gelled
as the you know the one woman you think
of when you think of the Democratic
Party because you might think of Hillary
but she's she's sort of you know special
case off in the fringe
yeah Maxine Waters etc but here's the
thing at the very time that the
Democratic Party is branding at
a party of women the biggest story in
the news that's capturing all of our
attention is Christian Ford who is the
most notable talked about prominent
photographed argued about woman who is a
perfect emblem of the Democratic Party
the way they're trying to form their
brand it's Christian Ford now she did
not volunteer to be the face of the
Democrat Party you know I'm pretty sure
that was not her plan but because
there's a big vacuum there in terms of
personality her personality just by
being in the news by being associated
with that team completely you know it
just maps to that team perfectly she was
an activist she donated she the news
says she considered moving out of the
country because Trump might appoint
Kavanagh so so she's as you know solidly
dem√≥cratas you can get so she's becoming
sort of the face of the party through
nobody's intention it was nobody's idea
hey let's make let's make her in the
face of the party it just sort of became
that oh yeah you think come on iris
Gillibrand mostly women Cortes and when
you name the when you name the men who
were associated with the Democrats it's
sort of sad isn't it you've got Joe
Biden who is unfortunately it's hard to
take him completely seriously you've got
keith ellison well that's that's not a
male name you want associated with your
your party if you're a Democrat so
whenever there's a man involved on the
Democrat side Cory Booker Spartacus
they're not they're just not presenting
themselves well and they're not
the same kind of attention so here's my
wrap-up of this point the democrats are
self branding as the party of and for a
women the biggest story is about
christine ford she's identified with it
there's a vacuum of personality to put
on the democrat brand and these two
stories are now conflating like crazy
these stories are conflating and so i
proposed to you
that christine ford should she end up
giving her testimony in public people
are gonna look at that and somewhat
subconsciously they're going to say
there's the head of the democratic party
not the head in terms of being in charge
but the the the figure you think of the
brand the the vibe you get the feelings
that you associate with the democrats
it's being she's the one who's carrying
the banner right now again for good or
bad i would say a lot of women would say
that's great because she's she is
exactly the kind of person we want out
there she's brave she's going up against
power she was you know victimized by a
white man so i think a lot of democrats
would say bring it on and she's exactly
she's exactly what we're talking about
we want her to have a prominent voice
but what's that going to do to your
elections in the future is it the sort
of thing that's gonna help you when
Christine Ford testifies do you think
she's gonna come off well we know now
that apparently all of the named
potential witnesses to the party in
question all of them have said they
don't remember it in other words they
can't confirm that the event even
happened
none of them now that doesn't mean it
didn't happen because they were drunk it
was a long time ago they probably had
parties every weekend
who would who would remember any one of
them but there's also some discrepancy
we're seeing in that the reporters notes
from the Washington Post apparently said
that there was one woman involved not
three men not not four men but rather at
one point she had said there were three
women and or three men three men three
boys and a girl because they were all
under 18 and now the the the woman who
was a girl then who was named doesn't
remember it so in terms of credibility
now remember credibility is not whether
it's true or false credibility is just
how we're receiving it right we don't
know what happened to we'll never know
but how we're receiving it it was with a
very low level of credibility lately you
know when the initial when the initial
accusation comes out and you don't know
anything except that an accusation has
happened that's the moment when you
probably put the highest level of
credibility on it in terms of this
specific story arc but each every time
something comes out it's a little a
little less credible so like yes they
were drinking he doesn't really have it
he has no history that would suggest
he's this kind of person great character
references lots of women who knew him
that and said this isn't him so you know
the evidence that's coming out is all
somewhat too Pro Kavanagh at this point
and it's been somewhat consistent I'm
not sure I would have expected that
actually I think I would have expected
maybe it would go the other way but
they're one of the one of the most
beneficial things come out of this and I
you know I don't want to overlook the
fact that there
what we have here is one or two victims
in this story
there are one or two victims so
Christine Ford is certainly a victim of
something all right
I don't know if it's an event I don't
know if it's the event she described a
different event or just something in her
life but there's something there's
clearly some kind of issue some problem
and I think calling her a victim is fair
you know well take our word for it on
that but Kavanagh
should he be innocent completely is
clearly a victim so there's one or two
bad victims here not counting the
country but there's always whenever
there's something terrible going on
sometimes there's some slight positive
that comes out of it and you always
ignore the slight positive that comes
out of a tragedy because the tragedy is
the story right not the slight positive
but there's a slight positive let's talk
about it and the slight positive is at
no time has the population of the United
States Bend is so well-informed on the
topic of false memories that's a really
big deal because remember I told you
back in 2015 that president Trump would
change not just politics he would change
the way we saw reality and I think I'm
gonna claim complete success on that
prediction and the and you see that
happening again the the population has
gone well let's put it this way
a month ago if I said a hundred
Americans tell me what you know about
false memory the topic of false memory
you know talk about that they would have
said well I don't know too much about it
but now they know a lot more about it
and that's good that's really good
because the more humility you have about
the quality of your own memory the more
accurate you're going to be about a
understanding your reality so that the
more you understand that memories are
recreations they're not actual memories
like a photograph once you understand
your memories are recreate recreations
recreations it takes you to another
level of understanding your reality and
I think the public has just gone for
that right we just took that right
because there's one thing I don't think
happened there's the thing I would most
I would think is the least likely
explanation of what we see the least
likely explanation is that Christine
Ford just made it up just lied lied
intentionally I think that's the least
likely explanation way on top of that is
that something happened you know that
way higher probability something
happened might have been somebody
different it might have been a different
time but the probability of something
happening is pretty high so the
Democrats are having a terrible brand
problem on top of that as I mentioned
there's that New York Times story about
Rod Rosenstein said talking about the
25th amendment and talking about wearing
the wire people there say that he was
joking I tend to be biased in favor of
the I'm always biased in favor of
whoever says it was a joke because if
anybody says something's a joke
yeah and they and they took it that way
and you know that's it's probably was a
joke so I suspect that Rosenstein was
being sarcastic
but also engaged in the conversation so
it's probably true and you can tell from
Rosenstein Stein's this specific way he
denied what happened he essentially
confirmed that he was part of that
conversation
so he was part of the conversation
talking about twenty-fifth amendment and
he was part of a conversation talking
about wearing wire although it might
have been sarcastic this is such a good
week for the president it's like an
insanely good week for the president for
all weird reasons and one of them is
that Rosenstein as I said yesterday
because was forced forced is too strong
decided he needed to write a letter a
public letter saying that he's never
seen anything to suggest that the
president should be removed from office
for the 25th amendment and that was just
at the time that the the opposition was
gearing up to make that the new line of
attack because the Russia thing was
falling apart so the the Russia thing
fell apart the racist thing it isn't
panning out as well as anybody hoped
because the country is just running
pretty well and the Supreme Court is not
arguing about anything being racist at
the moment so you know it hasn't quite
gotten a bite it needed to get so they
switched from Russia switched from
racism but they thought well we've got
this
he's crazy thing going on and then the
one person you should have been able to
depend on because he's no fan of the
president we assume rod Rosenstein
essentially gave him a clean bill of
health in terms of his observations
which we would assume should be pretty
good now as you know I got to spend some
time with the president last month and I
spent well I spent enough time talking
to him just chatting about a variety of
topics that if he were crazy I think I
would have noticed right I'm no mental
health expert but crazy crazy people
sort of signal it pretty well don't they
like I feel like I would have picked up
a little bit if there was even a whiff
of it like I would have just a little
bit of question in my mind but just
nothing it was a completely normal
conversation with somebody who was
operating at a very high level somebody
who's you know mental process was very
keenly focused on things that mattered
and he was very very good at ignoring
things that didn't matter so he was he
was more Satan than anybody I've talked
I've talked to it a long time
all right so so the president's got now
a reason to fire Rosen Stein if he wants
to because the New York Times story
gives him all kinds of cover to do that
whatever he wants to
it supports his story that there were
you know deep state forces working
against them in ways that nobody would
approve of that works for him and he's
got you know so so the whole New York
Times thing is just totally positive now
here's the other thing you've got what's
one of the other biggest issues
President Trump as he was accused by
various women primarily during the
election itself and then because of the
Access Hollywood tapes he was accused of
bad behavior with a variety of women now
no specific you know evidence that
anybody would call credible came out of
that except people's people talking
during a highly partisan highly partisan
situation so given the partisanship of
the election eyewitness accounts from
years ago just don't have the same
weight they would have if as if it were
not an election so one of the weird
benefits that the president gets out of
this is that because Cavanaugh's accuser
has only I think 25 percent
believability or support
believability but 25% of the poll the
public believes the accuser the the
essence of that or the the summary of
that is that the vast amount of
Americans believe this is a invented or
fake fake accusation that has nothing to
do with the president but it's this big
public example of how in people's
opinions we don't know the facts but in
75 percent of the opinion of the public
there's an overblown or felt false
accusation from the woman from years ago
about a powerful man today what's that
look like right if you don't believe the
the Cavanaugh accusation and I'm not
saying it's true or false I have no idea
if you don't believe that one that
thought bleeds over and starts to
conflate with what you're thinking about
the president
so suddenly the accusations against
President Trump are all being diminished
in our minds because of a completely
different story it's just that we can't
help making an automatic analogy so
whatever happens with Kavanagh is going
to bleed over to what you believe about
the president's accusers you can't help
it that's just how brains work those two
stories will just be too similar
an old accusation from years ago only
evidence is a woman it's somebody who's
you know at the highest level of the
government today it's the president it's
Kavanagh they're all you know white guys
of a certain height and size white women
from years ago you just in your mind
there's too much similarity that you're
not going to generalize from one to the
other it's just going to happen so that
helps Trump to because some will never
know what the deal was with Cavanaugh
and Ford will never know but the fact
that people don't believe it by
three-to-one margin is good for the
president
now during this entire time during this
entire time
the only other news stories have been
good economic news right good news on
economics Iran has been well behaved to
the point where the New York Times
reported that trumps gambit of canceling
the Iran deal looks like it's working
the New York Times reported that one of
the biggest topics of disagreement they
reported well yeah it's kind of working
North Korea North Korea stopped their
propaganda in their own country talking
about the need to keep nukes and they
changed their own propaganda to let's
become the cradle of peace their own
words translated but their own words
what does it mean that North Korea has
changed their internal propaganda to
make them look like they're winning by
getting rid of their nukes foreshadowing
alright foreshadowing what happened in
Syria when it looked like Russia and
Iran were going to wipe out this pocket
of rebels that I guess the United States
wants to protect for I don't know the
details well the United States got its
way they decided not to attack and it
turns out President Trump was the big
was the yeah the big player there indeed
they back down so I don't know what
you're seeing but I'm seeing the victory
after victory after victory now the big
the big wildcards out there are you've
got China which is you know we're still
not seeing much I don't think any
progress in terms of Chinese
negotiations but who has time on their
side we do the United States says as
time on its side so if you say to
yourself hey it's been a week and we
don't have a deal with China
what happens if it's two weeks I'll tell
you what happens the longer it goes the
more leverage we have because it's
harder for China to wait than it is for
us just because the differences in the
economies so the longer it goes it's
it's definitely gonna squeeze some
prices you know Walmart's gonna feel the
pinch they're gonna be some specific
industries that feel the pinch and I'm
not happy about that right I don't want
to I don't want to overlook the fact
that there will be American businesses
and people who are gonna really feel the
pinch but that's what leadership is
leadership is I know we don't like this
but this group is going to have to take
a pinch because if they do and we can
get to the other end of this thank you
Patriots for taking the economic hit on
this but you understand I'm doing this
all in public we're looking for the big
deal that can help everybody in the long
run but sorry about this we expect you
to you know take a hint for the public
that's what leadership is leadership is
saying clearly this group is going to
have to take some sacrifice and we're
doing it because the greater good looks
like this somebody has to make these
decisions I just made it best leadership
can China persuasion wise give him China
can do whatever he wants because the
government is very capable and very
credible you know within their own
country so they do have their capable
and credible and I do think they have as
much operating power as they need to
find find a way to make it work I guess
you know I'm not there so I don't know
the details all right what else we have
going on
Oh so I've been having some
back-and-forth with hawk Newsom you know
him as leader of black lives matter
great of New York and I shared with him
my document in which I showed the two
movies
about President Trump the one that says
charlottesville happened the way CNN and
MSNBC reported it and the other one that
says that's just a hoax because when he
said for example there were good people
on both sides the reality is even both
sides of the statue questioned not he
wasn't saying that the white
supremacists were good people but that's
why I was reported you know inaccurately
so I shared that list of all the hoaxes
that are the headlines with Hawk and I
was quite happy to see that he he
tweeted a question so he tweeted a
question where can i watch unbiased news
that my friends might be the most
important question anybody ever asked
well let me just you know it seems like
no big deal right let me let me say how
important this is the leader of black
lives matter Greater New York one of the
leading voices for that movement said in
public where can I get unbiased news
because he understands now and I think I
was at least part of that journey to
show him that there are two movies
playing and they're not the same and if
you're watching only one of these movies
you don't know what's going on it
doesn't matter which one your movie if
you're only watching one of them it
doesn't matter which one you're watching
they're different and if you're only
watching one you don't know what's going
on so somebody suggested that I was a
source of unbiased news and I would say
that's I would say I'm the only person I
know who's attempting to be unbiased and
when I have a bias all I'll call it out
you know so there are there are issues
where even I have a bias and it's either
gonna be obvious to you or I'll call it
out if I need to but I'm at least trying
alright it is it is my intention to be
unbiased and I have the advantage that I
don't have a financial advantage
to to be biased in fact yeah you can you
can tell I mean I just lose money by
doing this so far and he was looking for
other suggestions of course and so the
only one I could think of and think
about this I can only think of one
unbiased other person and when I said
I'm biased I don't mean he's completely
unbiased I mean even intending to be
unbiased someone who's actually putting
effort into being unbiased and I said
Glenn Greenwald Greenwald hope I'm
pronouncing right I think he writes from
the intercept now I follow him on
Twitter now let me give you my my bias
about Glenn Greenwald I think he's a
dick now he and I have had a little bit
of an exchange on Twitter so my personal
opinion of him he is a dick but my
professional opinion is that he's just
about the only person who is even
attempting to do something that looks
unbiased Oh Alan Dershowitz that's a
good one but his Dershowitz tends to
limit his comments to the law so I don't
think of him as being being that
unbiased now there are other people who
get close to that some of the names I
saw go by were Greg Gutfeld I agree with
that one
Greg is he's probably the most unbiased
observer on Fox News but if you're on
Fox News you're gonna you know you're
gonna take a certainly hit with you at
least in terms of people's opinions
cheryl atkinson well everything that
cheryl ikenson writes looks unbiased to
me but pretty much what she writes tends
to be always favored a certain position
isn't it
whatever she writes it does seem like
it's objective but I don't see her ever
raised stories that seem to lean the
other direction Chris Wallace is good
that's a good example so your trouble is
that if you're on either CNN or you're
on Fox News it's tough to get all the
way to completely unbiased because it'd
be hard to keep your job right Joe Rogan
is a good example although I don't think
of him as being about the news
somebody's saying Byron York biron New
York blocks me on Twitter so I I don't
have any opinion on Byron York because I
can't read his writing he had Coulter Oh
Dave Rubin Dave Rubin thank you that's
actually a good suggestion but Dave
Rubin is not in the job of reporting the
news he or or talking about the headline
so much he's more in the job of talking
to people who talk about it but yes he
would be a great example Oh Geraldo
that's a good example Geraldo is a good
example of someone who's clearly on both
sides of the issues and talks about the
news yeah so the closest thing to
unbiased on CNN is Chris Cuomo in my
opinion John Stossel some people are
saying maybe all right so those are
those are the names that are at least
closest to one bias yeah we said Dave
Rubin
you know the trouble is if you work for
one of the big networks there's a limit
to how unbiased you can ever really be
all right let's say that for a minimum
requirement for me to call you on biased
is that I have to know about times that
you've disagreed with your with what
people would say would be your own side
if you can have examples that and you
know Greg Gutfeld does have examples
where he has you know clear examples of
times that he's got against the grape so
he qualifies
Heraldo qualifies because he has
specific examples where he's gone
against the grain I I don't know about
Brit Hume
I'm not discounting that that one as a
possibility but I don't know of any
examples where he's going against the
grain Chris Wallace sounds completely
reasonable when I listen to him what I
also don't know any examples where he
went against the grain there I think
there probably are so okay but anyway
the bottom line here is you saw that I
don't have a nice tray of hand
I don't have enough information about
his opinions to have an opinion on that
so my my my bottom line here is look how
unusual it is that anybody even attempts
to be unbiased you don't really even see
the attempt coming out of too many
people and that's new with the business
models if your business model is making
money for us or network or certain
publication you kinda have to stay in
that lane or it's not going to work out
too well and I have the saved influence
because you know there I feel pressure
what I say I wouldn't call it pressure
I'd say I feel influence to say things
that the people who are the audience
from my periscopes are going to want to
hear but I think can you confirm this
for me have you all heard me say things
that you didn't like cuz that's the test
right can people confirm that for me
have I said things that you are pretty
sure you didn't agree with because that
that's where I want to be I want to be
where you know I have some credibility
but there's still some things you say I
absolutely disagree with that part
that's not what my team wants to think
is true
China news is their news from China
Micro Micro is a good that's an
interesting suggestion yeah I haven't
seen Mike Rowe talk about politics per
se I would say Mike Rowe is more like a
person of the people so he's more about
the people than the politics in my
opinion yeah well look look how small
the the pool was of people that you even
that you even assumed could be unbiased
somebody said they know a gem - oh I'll
bet that's a little bet that's true
Peggy Noonan there's a good suggestion
Peggy Noonan I don't know if Peggy
Noonan is unbiased or I just want to
think that because she's such an amazing
writer you know once you become such a
good writer you don't see the bias
anyway it just looks like it's a good
opinion but I'm I'll bet that's true
though I'll bet there are cases where
she's yeah there are cases where she's
going against her side yes so yes let's
let's add her to the list Peggy Noonan
as an unbiased source all right so it
took a while for your comments come in
but I can see that many of you are
agreeing that you disagree with me on a
number of topics and that's where I want
to be I want to be where you all have
something to disagree with me because
that's the only way I could be credible
if you agreed with everything I said
then you would just know I'm saying
things you won't hear Keith Oberman
I assume you're joking all right you
think it's okay to kneel for anthem I
don't well that's not exactly a
restatement of my opinion somebody said
that I think it's okay to kneel for the
anthem and the person who made the
comment says that they don't therefore
we disagree that's not exactly my view
my view is that the kneeling for the
anthem is offensive by design so you
can't you can't it doesn't make sense to
me to criticize something for being
offensive when the person who did it is
doing it for that purpose it's supposed
to be offensive that's what gets your
attention that's what makes it a protest
there's a little bit of offensiveness
baked into the design of it which is you
know my preference is people respect
their country and its symbols that's my
preference same as yours but as an
observation the people doing it have the
right
to do it and they got our attention and
therefore it's effective so I can I can
like it for being effective at the same
time I can share your discomfort with it
I don't think we're on we're not on
different teams Tucker will go against
his side I think I've seen that I'll
give you that so somebody just said the
apparently somebody on the left is
watching this and noted how many people
who lean right are saying that other
people are biased you all know you're
biased right well let me ask you this I
let me ask you the most interesting
question I don't have I have received
anybody asked this question so here's
the question and it'll take a little
while for your answers to come through
because of the delay on periscope here
but here's the question do you consider
yourself biased in your political
opinions do you consider yourself just
you personally not people in your party
but you consider yourself biased
politics yes or no are you biased we'll
wait for your comments command and I
actually don't know how this is going to
go I don't have a prediction of whether
people will say they are biased or they
are not so if you've been listening did
the the reveal is so interesting because
it's going to take a while for the
answers to come through so somebody says
no let's get some more answers here
Camille Paglia there's a good one a an
unbiased person she said she's been all
over the place
Shepard Smith does disagree with Fox a
lot that is true but that's different
than being unbiased nobody is unbiased
correct good answer
how could we not be oh I am so happy I'm
happy about the people who say yes
they're biased that is really really
good Wow I'm so impressed with all of
you not all of you some of you said you
were not not biased but only like a
sprinkle so it looks like the
overwhelming number of people answering
the question are saying of themselves
yes were biased do you know how
important that is like you if you're
trying to get to this point where you
actually do understand the world a
little bit and maybe understand the
world is an impossible dream but at
least more effective and ability to to
predict the world and to navigate the
world it's very important that you
understand how biased you are because if
you don't get that part your dad is an
order you can't even you can't start
your journey toward understanding the
world at a at a better level more
productive level until you know how
biased you are and all of you seem to
know that that is tremendous I wonder if
you would have had the same answer three
years ago do you think you would have
I'll hold that question for another time
but it feels like that's the change that
I predicted you know in 2015 that how we
saw the world would change not just
politics how we saw reality would change
and this is this is the sort of change I
was talking about where people go from
I'm right and you're wrong
- holy hell we're living in two
different movies and maybe neither of us
are
right right you're starting how many of
you are starting to see the world in
terms of these two movies that you're
that the world is trapped in an in a
perpetual basis as soon as you start
seeing the world as two movies as
opposed to right and wrong then you you
start your journey that's where it
starts to release you from your mental
prisons well I'll tell you it looks like
a lot of you are are halfway out of your
mental prisons so the book I'm writing
right now that you won't see for a year
will will be about how to how to escape
from your mental prisons and it'll be
some techniques that some of you already
know but I'll put it all together in a
way that you haven't seen before biased
but not prejudiced somebody said yeah
the other big AHA the big perceptual
shift that I think the world is starting
to enjoy and enjoy is the right word
because it's gonna make life better
looks like this here's the old way of
thinking
some people were biased and some people
had risen above it that's the old way of
looking at the world that way of looking
at the world gives you bad results let's
see if I can fix my no damn it
a better way to look at the world is
every one of us is biased because we're
born that way our brains are pattern
recognition machines and you can't turn
them off they can't not recognize
patterns the problem is a lot of the
patterns are false
they're just coincidences they're just
our experience gave us a special a
special bias because you know if let me
put it this way if if every time you saw
somebody wearing a hat
they punched you in the face eventually
you would say people with hats are all
bad people and that wouldn't be true you
just happen to be the one person who got
punched in the face by everybody with a
hat so it's natural that you would be
biased you can't turn that off but you
can use your higher level of thinking to
recognize it when it's happening and to
develop systems to get past it
that's that's the wind the wind is not
be unbiased
it is impossible so as long as you think
that's possible there's no hope it is
impossible to be unbiased it is possible
to layer on top of your bias some
systems some technique some practice
some greater awareness some better
understanding a little more empathy and
those things are like this little
protective layer that keeps all your bad
stuff under control alright so having
bad stuff is not something you should
try not to do because you can't your bad
stuff is the normal way your brain is
designed it's designed to recognize
patterns it's not your fault that some
of the patterns you observe are not real
that's not your fault
so the natural way of your brain is to
be biased you just have to figure out
the stuff to layer on top of it to keep
it down you know to keep the
civilization safe like civilization is
up here you got to build this little
barrier of you know empathy technique
systems laws you know checks and
balances you got to get a lot of stuff
right to keep the bad impulses away from
civilization and as long as you're
thinking of the world in those terms the
way I just described it you can become a
lot more forgiving of other people who
are you know have lapses and you can
also be more useful because if
somebody's having trouble keeping those
bad
pulse is under control you might have
some tools and I'm hoping I can help you
with that or that I have and I will with
the coming book especially give you some
tools to help people recognize when
they're acting on bias and versus when
they're when they have some level of
control on it and I think that that can
be done and that's all I've got for now
an owl
let's and I will talk to you later