good morning everybody and welcome to
another highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams
because it includes both of those things
and if you'd like to take this
experience up to a level which nobody
can even imagine with their greatest
imagination all you need is a cup or mug
or a glass of tankered CH a canteen Jer
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
it's the dopam mean hit of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens
now oh yeah savor it savor it well happy
December I'd like to start with a human
interest story about my
garbage now you say to yourself that
Scott how interesting could a story
about your garbage be well not very but
I'm going to tell you anyway so I have a
garbage anxiety which the people who
watch me live stream on my man cave know
so there's a on Wednesday night I have
to take my four garbage cans you know
two of them are from outdoor Waste and
Recycling and blah BL so there's four of
them and I got this long kill of a
driveway so it's kind of a lot of work
now I have anxiety about forgetting to
do it cuz by Wednesday night you know by
the time it's after 5:00 on in the
evening you know I I start really early
sometimes 300 or 4 in the morning so you
know that's the end of my day
basically so I often forget so I I
forgot last week or I got confused
because of the holiday so I got I had
two weeks full of garbage in my garbage
cans
now uh that the locals platform reacts
to my hand gestures and when I said to
it read P sign and and balloons went
off uh so that's fun you can't see that
but if you could you'd think it was
funny anyway so I've got two weeks full
of garbage in a one we can it's like T
it's packed to the top but I noticed
that I had you know two garbage cans in
case I have these big days of garbage
that happen sometimes and and both of
them were like one was full and the
other was full so I I reached down by
hand and took out these old gnarly
garbages and stuffed them in the one so
that I'd have you know one less trip
down the the driveway so now I've got
garbage that's so heavy I can almost not
drag them
downhill they're so heavy well over 100
lb and uh there two of them I get them
down there and I it was you know maybe
close to 7:00 at night and I and I had a
really hard day worked really hard got
up really early been working all day and
my body was really sore and I thought
you know what I'm going to do something
I never get to do I'm feeling good cuz
my work's done my garbage is out to the
street I don't have anything that I have
to do the rest of the night I'm going to
draw myself a hot bath when was the last
time you had time to do that like the
most decadent thing you could possibly
do as an adult as an adult when do you
have time to take a
bath you just sit in hot water and have
nothing else to do but this was the
first time I could think of probably in
a year where I just legitimately would I
was done with all of my work and
especially done with my garbage the best
part I I could get that in my mind so I
go to fill my bathtub going to put some
uh EPs and salt in there and really rest
my
muscles and then I get a message
Bing oh it's my next door
neighbor your garbage cans have been hit
by a car your garbage is strewn all over
the
street now do you ever think that the
universe is just messing with
you th this was actually my one of my
biggest irrational concerns is
remembering to put my garbage
out and of all the times that I put my
garbage out so I've been in this house I
15 years or something so in 15 years of
putting the garbage out I'm the only one
who does it every night only once only
once in all those years has it been the
most packed that the garbage has ever
been packed only
once and uh I actually got on the
security cameras I won't be more
specific but I got a good picture of the
car taking them out it didn't
stop imagine imagine driving at full
speed hitting two objects that are 100
lb a piece uh knocking them all over the
street and continuing
on yeah probably drunk probably drunk
maybe drunk or maybe there were two
drivers and one of them was having a
better time than the other if you know
what I mean like I like to think of it
in a positive
way so that was my evening but uh let's
get on to other things uh here's one of
my topics visual
persuasion and as I've told you visual
persuasion uh includes somebody talking
and describing something that you
imagine visually so uh here's Matt Gates
using amazing visual persuasion talking
about the potential expulsion of George
Santos from Congress for whatever
behaviors that are boring and I don't
care about uh but uh Matt Gates says
whatever Mr Santos did with botox or
only fans is far less concerning to me
than the indictment against Senator
Menendez wait for it who's holding gold
bars from
Egypt uh while he's still getting
classified briefings now I think he
actually went on to say that the gold
bars actually had an Arabic on them
so he had he had gold bars with Arabic
writing from Egypt and he's still doing
his
job the one of the most critical
confidential jobs in in all of the world
he's still on the
job but but boy we got to we got to get
rid of this George Santos guy because
he's told some lies and apparently he
may may have used some Botox and and he
looked at porn once so got to get rid of
that guy
anyway the the visual persuasion of the
gold bars with Arabic on them from Egypt
that is really really good public
speaking like if if you don't catch how
good that is just always look for the
visual this is what Trump does you know
he doesn't say we need border security
he says build the wall because then you
imagine the wall good
technique um so you know Twitter's
coming on all this uh you know great uh
scrutiny for what people are claiming is
you know bad people on there being
matched or identif let's say content
being paired that shouldn't be paired
and all that but what are you things
happening over at Facebook so Facebook
is being accused of having too much uh I
don't even want to say the word but
let's just say if you're not over 18
you know you know what I mean so
basically content of people who are not
adults uh that should not even be legal
which is you know paired with
advertisements and stuff and fed to kids
and all kinds of damn things and uh then
other people are saying that there's a
Palestinian group accusing meta the
parent company of unfairly moderating
speech um because of the Israel Hamas
situation
and I think to
myself is it my imagination or is
everything about
Facebook feeling
old and and a
date like Facebook doesn't even feel
relevant to anything I know it must be I
mean it's gigantic but in my in my life
it doesn't have any relevance at all the
only time I
look is you know once every several
months I want to maybe check on and see
what people are up to that's it like I
never interact I never comment it just
has no appeal at all I imagine if you
got kids or something you know young
kids maybe or or you like to show off
your vacations maybe it's better for
that but Facebook in 2023 almost 2024
feels like a
dinosaur whereas the xplatform is still
so edgy that we're still talking about
what it is yeah we can't even decide
what it is it's changing so quickly and
there's so much going on the X always
seems
new so everything about X feels fresh
and new it's about what's happening
today and it's you know big things that
I care about and Facebook is tiny little
things that you shouldn't even see like
some what somebody ate on
vacation and just really I
don't I have no idea how Facebook could
be a viable product going forward now I
get I do get Instagram and I get
WhatsApp so they have they have assets
that are valuable but I just don't get
the core business at all anyway um
people are uh canceling Disney plus and
Hulu which is owned by Disney uh after
the dust up
between uh Elon Musk and his advertisers
including
Disney
and I wonder do you think that Bob Iger
knows that Disney doesn't have any
modern and good
products like I it's rare to see a
company that is that completely
completely right because so um they own
ABC News Right do I have that right
Disney owns ABC
news but but television news
is just the most ridiculous dinosaur in
the world so I wouldn't want any I
wouldn't want to own ABC news or ABC I
wouldn't want to own network
news but I also wouldn't want to own a
uh a theme
park in which you have to stand for long
periods of time for a brief thrill when
most of the kids have a a smartphone in
their hand and they're looking at their
phone and they got 700 bits of
entertainment while they were waiting
for your three minutes of going up and
down whoa
whoa I can't even imagine how theme
parks could be in existence 10 more
years from now how does it even make
sense I feel as
though you maybe virtual reality or
something there'll be something that is
just more interesting but if I if I were
making woke movies nobody wanted to see
with dying franchises that I mostly
killed by my bad decisions about
wokeness
usually uh there is nothing happening at
Disney that looks
good there's nothing happening that
looks good I think Bob iger's got a
problem the likes of which only China
can understand only
China we'll talk about that later well
I'm loving this story um
about uh Trump's valuations and the
trial about whether he overvalued his
assets as you know uh and Jonathan
turley's writing about this and tweeting
about it um imagine that you're the the
judge and you've already ruled keep in
mind that the current process is to
figure out what the penalty will be but
the ruling is already made Trump is
already guilty according to this judge
of uh fraud for inflating his assets so
now the question will be how big is the
penalty including taking away their
ability to operate their business at
least in New York I guess um I mean
serious like the mo the biggest penalty
you could ever imagine now the essence
of it is that he did something uh bad so
that the the banks were on the other
side of that Badness but then the bank
itself testified
and they said and keep in mind this is
in the penalty phase not the trial
phase right but in the penalty
phase the testimony debunked the
trial I don't know if I've ever seen
that before can any you've ever heard of
that here's what I mean so the trial was
that Trump did a Bad Thing by overv
valuating assets and that's fraud the
bank said and I'm this is just just me
paraphrasing right they didn't say this
exactly the bank said he was a great
customer we would love to work with him
again again I'm paraphrasing they didn't
say it exactly but the essence of it is
yes a great customer he was a whale of a
customer the ones we seek out we made
millions of dollars would love to do
that kind of business with him again and
here's the
punchline we never accept the borrowers
word for their assets that is ordinary
business to do our own investigation
which we of course did and made our own
decision about the value of the loan
apparently we made good decisions
because they were always paid back on
time and we made a profit would love to
do it
again that's in the penalty
phase here's a question for you why
wasn't that in the
trial probably because it didn't matter
probably because the judge said it
doesn't matter what the opinion of the
bank is if you lied you lied that would
be
fraud but I assume it's something like
that because isn't the most critical
part of understanding what he did is
what the other party to the transaction
was thinking about it what the other
party was thinking about it and how they
turned
out is not maybe not the most important
thing but it's pretty
close well maybe it is the most
important thing the fact that there's no
victim not only is there no victim but
the victim would love to have it happen
again like please can you victimize me
again Mr Trump and by the way if
everything works out for you we'd love
to do business with you again imagine
being that judge just
imagine how faced that judge is right
now
that that has to be the most
embarrassing judicial situation I've
ever heard of have you ever heard of a
judge being embarrassed like
that that is super
embarrassing
wow and I would like to go
further now um I I've already bragged
that because I was a banker and
specifically I was a a loan officer I
was I was a guy who approved loans to
certain kinds of businesses and I told
you early on in this process that the
bank isn't going to complain because the
bank always does their own
checking no exceptions you can't be a
lender and sometimes take their word for
it that's not a thing there there is no
loan ever ever anywhere you know in a
Traditional Bank ever not once where
where the lender said you know what you
look like an honest guy I'm going to
take your word for
that literally never now venture
capitalist might if you're a venture
capitalist or especially an angel more
an angel than a venture capitalist
because Venture capitalists are
practically Bankers but an angel might
say you know what I don't know exactly
even what you're talking about but
you're such a good you know manager I'll
just take your word for it that that
does happen but not in a bank
not not ever in a bank it just doesn't
happen so now the public knows that but
here's the interesting
question how many criminals do you
believe according to this judge who says
if you exaggerate or lie to your bank
you've committed a crime if you were to
look at the uh dut bank loan
files how often would you find that the
person asking for the loan had grossly
exaggerated the value of one of their
assets how
often a
lot and that's why the bankers were
completely
unconcerned because it's actually
routine completely normal that the and
trust me I'm not guessing I've looked at
a lot of loans and the first thing you
do is you take their estimate and you
cut it by half that's just the most
basic banking thing you do everybody
does it
so isn't this the case of unequal
justice so you've got let's say you've
got a filing cabinet full of loan you
know loans you know obviously it's
digital but just imagine it
and in maybe 2third of those loans the
bank didn't believe the asset value and
the bank was probably right Bank was
right the asset value was
overstated are all those people going to
be
tried are they all going to be put out
of business by this judge how in the
world how in any world could this stand
a supreme court review like I'm not even
a lawyer or or even close to a lawyer
and to me it's obvious this this can't
possibly get through any kind of you
know higher Court approval how could it
how in the world do do you think the
Supreme Court is going to say yes uh the
banker and Trump acted in the most
routine way that anybody acts exactly
like 2third of their other uh lenders or
their other customers just like
two-thirds of all the customers but one
of them is going to go to jail or one of
them is going to lose their business not
go to jail how's that work there there's
not any chance that this can hold up
this is so political th this judge
is how embarrassing and as you know uh
Laura lomer discovered that the judges
wife was posting you know F Trump memes
and showing him with a shaved head in a
prison suit well long before the trial
how in the world does this pass any kind
of Supreme Court review I mean that
alone well I don't know how the Supreme
Court works on that but if the Supreme
Court knew that his wife was you know
unambiguously biased against him how in
the world does the court say yes Justice
was served there how in the world it's
absurd um and Trump posted about the uh
judge's wife posting that stuff on Truth
social all
right um in
2018 my stepson died of a fental
overdose and I publicly vowed that I
would get even with
China cartels to and I told you in 2018
I was going to persuade the world that
China was unsafe to do
business because I believed it was
unsafe to do business but I didn't think
people could see it the way I saw it so
I started saying that over and over and
over again
and um the news today from The Wall
Street Journal is that uh 5 years years
later China is unsafe for
business and I'll bet you every single
company that invested in China a
long-term investment in 2018 is kind of
unhappy that that
happened
so do you think uh how was my prediction
so I I made a prediction about the trial
you know the banking trial with Trump
that was right and I didn't hear any
anyone else make that argument did you
did you hear anyone else um in the
public domain make that argument that
the bankers would say there's no problem
here I didn't hear it I think I was the
only
one now it's not because I'm smart it's
because I was a banker I always teach
you that having a good talent stack you
know a combination of talents gives you
extra Vision on
things I happen to be a person who talks
about the news every day but by
I was also a lending officer so I I
could see this before people could see
it was
obvious um let's take another one uh
Montana tried to ban Tik Tok in their
state but of course a uh US District
Judge has blocked the ban so it will not
be banned what did Montana do wrong and
does it look like something I could have
warned them about if they had listened
to me would they have made this mistake
well let me tell you what they got wrong
the reason that Montana gave is data
security yeah their argument for Banning
it was not the influence part which is
the actual risk it was over data
security and the judge just said H you
know they say they can handle the data
security it's kind of an overreach Free
Speech totally Montana totally botched
this
they they should have gone for the
influence because because it can be
demonstrated quite easily that China
controls Chinese companies and the
Chinese company has a heat button and
even at this moment there's great
concern that they may have pushed the
heat button on the Gaza
situation and it's not even legal in
China I mean the argument was so good so
easy and instead they went for the
weakest dumbest diversion
that is it's really about the data
security Now the data security is not
nothing but it's the least important
part of the story by
far so if Montana had followed my advice
would they do better well they couldn't
do
worse at Le they would have had a chance
of doing
better all right here's my next
prediction since I'm so good at
predicting let me tell you what's going
to happen with AI and movies and
everybody else's opinion is wrong mine
is right it goes like
this um so I guess Ridley Scott was
saying you know AI would just you know
change everything and he probably thinks
that everybody lose their jobs I think
not I think what's going to happen is
all the same people who make movies you
know you got your directors and
producers and costumers and your actors
and whatnot so you got dozens of of
Trades that come together for it and
um here's what I think I think each of
those entities will just use AI to do
their part better now the the obvious
question is why do you need the human
you know you know even if you imagine AI
is not good enough yet will it not
obviously be good enough you know very
soon and I say nope because here's what
you're missing if you're not a this is
one of those talet stack things again
right I I had a good good prediction
about banking because I was in that job
that's the only reason I had that
visibility I'm also a Creator who writes
and creates and you know does artistic
things so I'm going to tell you that uh
AI when it comes to Artistic things has
a disadvantage that um humans have and I
don't know how AI would overcome it just
by getting
smarter and it's this humans have two
brains minimum they they have several
personalities going on in their head all
the time but the two that matter to this
conversation are somebody who's pitching
an idea this is you to yourself you're
pitching an idea to yourself but you're
also evaluating it instantly so you're
the pitcher and the catcher you're the
buyer you're the seller and the buyer
you're the artist and the art
critic so everything you do you
instantly evaluate but you do it based
on this uh this instrument which is your
physical body and it's the only one that
matters because having a physical body
which includes your brain uh allows you
to to estimate what somebody else would
enjoy and you can estimate it in real
time in a u in a
Zeitgeist uh uran way those are my
douchebag um words what that means is
something that's funny today and I mean
literally today as in December 1st
2023 won't be the same as what's funny
in a
month do you get that they won't be the
same what's funny in a month isn't the
same as what's funny now the reason I
can guess what's funny today is because
I have an instrument my body is my
instrument I feel it I feel the
Zeitgeist the Zeitgeist is the thing
everybody's thinking but maybe hasn't
nobody said it
yet how in the world could AI know the
Zeitgeist when by definition it's the
thing that people are thinking but they
haven't said AI learns from what people
have said it literally is trained on
things you said it is not trained on
things you haven't said
yet what's the difference between a good
joke and a bad joke you know let's say
were a dad joke bad or dad joke the bad
or dad joke jokes are based on like
classical humor things which yeah I get
it that's you had the form of a joke it
had a unexpected punchline it met the
criteria of a joke that was pretty good
that's that's a that's a good dad
joke but to tell a Chappelle joke I'll
just use him as you know top of the game
a Chappelle
joke you think you see it
coming and he says something that you
were thinking kind of but you never even
put it into
words right hey I can't do that there's
no way I can do that and I don't know
how it ever could because it can't solve
the timing problem of having a human
body that's instantly evaluating so you
know people always ask you know Elon
Musk you what's going on in your head
you says you it's basically it's
terrible there's just too much happening
in there and you wouldn't want it if you
could
and I can tell you that in my own my own
uh creative world you know since my job
is to create on some days I create 12
jokes in one day you know I might have
one or two in a Dilbert comic um I might
write six different jokes in one of my
robots read nudes Comics it's a daily
comic just for the people on locals uh
and then I might might make three jokes
on the
xplatform and then uh I might be writing
something separately that makes the
jokes do you know how hard it is to come
up with 12 commercial grade jokes a
day it's it's crazy that's crazy level
of productivity artistically and the
reason I can do it is that there's a
hurricane going in on in my head and my
head is always pitching and criticizing
pitching criticizing never stops I
couldn't turn it off if I wanted to
right it's just always on so I don't
know how you build an AI to do that an
AI would have to put it out there in the
real world and have people react to it
but it wouldn't be able to start with
the intuition of how you feel I start
with the intuition of how I
feel how does an AI do that you know
so I know I think everybody will have
their own little AI I think the uh I
think the
uh um the costume let's say the costume
creator
if AI created the costumes you might say
wow that's was pretty good for AI but a
costume expert a human is going to know
if it looks like a uh Academy
award-winning costume right the AI is
just going to stop when it's good enough
okay this is definitely a costume this
this fit all the criteria but the artist
is going to push it a little further the
artist is going to say you know this
isn't what it really would look like in
the real world but I'm I'm just going to
I'm just going to tweak this a little
bit so it's real but accentuated in a
way and that's what makes it special he
I can't do that same with
directing um Le let's take the simplest
thing let's take the simplest thing of
editing you think oh but for sure my AI
will do the editing for me no way you're
going to need a human to tell it if it
did it right because they have the
attention span that AI doesn't have all
right dick Durban according to Jesse
Waters uh either is covering up the
motion to have a spena to get the
Epstein flight logs or maybe maybe they
were just too busy so the excuse is they
didn't have time but we'll see if it
gets done today um but do you
think does it seem weird to you that the
Epstein flight
logs are not
public years after he's
dead yeah makes you
wonder um now I've told you that when it
comes to the government they are guilty
until proven innocent I would say at
this point the weight of evidence
suggests that we have a blackmail based
government and maybe other countries as
well would you say that's a fair
assessment of our current government
that it is a blackmail fundamentally
that's the operating system of the
government is
blackmail Now it only makes sense
because I've told you before I can't see
any situation where any company any
country whether it's a United States or
somewhere else if you have a highly
functional intelligence uh group within
your country eventually they will take
over the
leadership there's no way around it
they're trained to do it they're the
type of people who don't mind doing it
somebody's going to take a run at it and
somebody will eventually succeed you
know through blackmail so if you're if
you're a group that knows how to use
blackmail and has no moral qualms about
any of it
eventually they're going to run the
country you just don't know if it
happens on day one or you know day a
thousand or day a million but eventually
there's no way it can go any other
way and I would say that the same is
probably true for Russia and
China probably but do you know how I
think they handle it in Russia and
China that as soon as they get
blackmailed somebody kills
them they just send somebody to kill
them like even if you were the one who
transmitted the message like you sat in
the room with you know shei or Putin and
said you know what we found out some
things about you you'd be dead before
you hit the hallway and anybody who
published it would be dead before you
know before they ate lunch so I think
maybe in the totalitarian countries they
they can just murder people until they
get it done but I have this
hypothesis that that would also cause
China and Russia to have bad
intelligence
agencies that on on average they
probably have to kill all their good
people because the good people would
take over the country if they didn't
kill them first so it's just a guess but
I bet the Dunning Krueger incompetence
level of the Russian and Chinese um
intelligence is off the chart because as
soon as you got a good operator in there
the leader would have to kill
him because otherwise that leader would
kill them you know basically you can't
you just can't let somebody capable be
in charge of your intelligence or else
it'll take over the country why wouldn't
they yeah most of you would if you had
the
chance yeah so we know that Hoover was a
a black mailer and uh why would it
change I can't imagine it would change
so I'm going to assume that the
government is guilty and that the eping
logs probably are protecting
somebody and that it's exactly what it
looks like it's exactly what it looks
like the Epstein was a blackmailer for
either R Intel or maybe Israel's or
somebody else's maybe he probably
working for more than one
anyway there is a rampant speculation
that if Trump is nominated he will pick
Tucker Carlson for his VP how many of
you believe that do you believe that
Trump would pick Tucker Carlson for his
VP I'm going to put the odds of that at
zero yeah everybody on locals is say no
zero yeah because it would bring him
more heat not
less uh Tucker is has his own set of um
historic
you know
huge group of critics you don't bring
that into your campaign you and Ben
Carson is a ridiculous idea honestly
yeah there's no way he's going to pick
Ben Carson if he picks Ben Carson that's
like giving
up I mean Ben Carson is like um that's
like Taxidermy more than
politics I mean I I need Signs of Life
when when somebody said that he was
considering Ben Carson I literally said
to myself he still
alive I thought he passed
away yeah but then and then compare that
to you know V or DeSantis in the
unlikely
case yeah there are tons of people would
be better than Tucker Tucker would be
awesome and fun but it wouldn't get
Trump
elected all right um Ken Paxton AG of
Texas is suing fizer for misrepresenting
covid-19 vaccine
efficacy and conspiring to censor the
public
discourse now the beauty of this is not
that it'll necessarily win on anything
but that it will cause Discovery so at
least the legal system will cause uh
fizer to tell us everything they know as
much as possible so that could get
interesting now I saw a doctor say the
other day
that is now well understood I guess
that's debatable that the vaccine did
not work um enough to make it worthwhile
for any group except you know one group
with
comorbidities does that does that match
your opinion would you say that there's
still one population or people who are
over a certain age and maybe had a
comorbidity that they still believe
maybe it was better it was more yet it
was more good than than bad maybe
there's bad as well but but is it true
that the
consensus is that everybody was worse
off on average except for this uh group
of special people above a certain age
and with
comorbidities would so I'm seeing lots
of
yeses seeing lots of yeses but also some
NOS all right so I guess you could argue
what the consensus is but my
understanding is that the data still
supports the idea that there was this
specific group of people who benefited
on
average isn't amazing that we would
disagree on
this I don't know what's True by the way
I don't know what's true I do know that
doctors say that there was one group
that probably came out ahe now the
reason I ask is because I'm in that
group but I don't know if it's true
maybe we'll find out if it's true from
this lawsuit but
um maybe maybe and and I just point out
that most of the people who mock me
because I got the I got the first two
shots I didn't get any boosters after
that but I got the first two I'm in that
group I'm dead I'm dead in the center of
the comorbidity because I have asthma um
which at the time they thought was a
comorbidity I'm not sure it is but it
can't be good to have a lung infection
and Asthma at the same time so
yeah I don't know just keep that in mind
keep an eye on it uh there's a
uh a Dutch political commentator uh Eva
vinger broke vinga
broke and uh she's talking out speaking
out about the climate climate scam by
the
way uh I remember climate change used to
be the thing that was always trending
tring on the old Twitter and now what
trends is climb a
scam climb a scam is trending on at
least my my version of it almost every
day so it feels like there's been like a
sort of a quiet but major shift I mean
when Bill Gates came out and said yeah
the temperature might go up but will'll
handle it I I felt like that was when it
all fell apart at least the you know
you're all going to die from climate
change messaging I think it all fell
apart and then when when people realized
that nuclear power with all of its
problems was a probable solution to a
lot of our problems that took away a lot
of the a lot of the energy because we
had a solution we just had to use it it
takes all the energy out of it so I
think that the the uh the momentum or
the let's say the natural
swing of the pendulum is that uh scam
will be trending more than hey
everything's falling apart um but I want
to tell you what this Dutch political
commentator who I noticed follows me on
X so might be listening right now and
saying get to it what are you going to
say about me so in case you're listening
uh Eva um so she said recently uh the
talking about the climate scam so to
speak quote the people behind this want
to establish a One World Government a
new world order in which they decide
what we eat what we uh when we eat where
we travel when we travel who we meet and
what we allowed to spend our money on
basically control over every single
aspect of Our Lives they don't want us
to eat foods that make us strong they
want us to eat synthetic meat created by
Bill Gates they want us to eat bugs they
want us to drink soy milk so that we'll
become weak and obedient and we do as
they
say does that that sound I want to get a
reading of the
audience is that a good summary of
reality how many would say yeah that
sums it up I'm saying spot on yes yes
yes kind of yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
so that's right down the middle of what
my audience believes right I don't
believe any of that I don't believe any
of
it because the the motivation part
doesn't really makes
sense like I can't imagine there's
somebody room saying if only we can eat
get them to eat
bugs and soy
milk do do you think there's really
somebody having that conversation Beyond
closed
doors
really let me try the really you think
there's really somebody behind closed
doors who is planning to make humans
humans eat bugs but hold on they're
planning to make hum eat bugs but not
because they're playing to make money
that you're saying that it's more of a a
philosophy
really I don't believe any of
that here's why I don't believe it let
me give you a reason right it's uh it's
poor form to say I just don't believe it
I I need to make my case wouldn't you
say and I haven't made my case here's my
case
every bit of it can be explained by
incompetence plus
greed that's
it yeah you can explain all observations
by incompetence plus somebody wants to
make some money that's it now on top of
that I do think there are some people
who have some idea of how the world
would be better Bill Gates being one of
them but to imagine that Bill Gates if
he wanted to do all these things do you
think he would be cons inspiring with
other people or would Bill Gates want to
be the one who's in
charge so here's what's here's what's
logically wrong with the thing it
imagines that there are all these
powerful people who are on the same
page have you ever met powerful people
the one thing you can always say about
powerful successful people is there
never on the same page they're never on
the same page the thing that makes them
powerful and successful
is a thing that says I've got a better
idea than you have and that never turns
off do you think Bill Gates is Bill
Gates and then when he gets in a meeting
you know people will push him around and
tell them what to think I don't think so
so unless you can find out that there's
one powerful person in charge and
everybody else is bowing to them for
some obvious reason like fear or money
or something none of it makes sense
there's no model of human behavior in
which which the most powerful people by
coincidence are all part of this major
scheme and they all have the same idea
about how to run it because the real
world anything you do that changes the
real world will create winners and
losers let's see if you agree with that
first any major change to the whole
system of the world which is what we're
talking about a major major change will
destroy some people completely put them
out of business but some other people
might be able to
rise so do you think that this big
collection of bankers and Bill Gates and
you know the the world economic forum
and all these heads of Industries do you
think that they all you believe they're
all working together in this big Elite
thing you believe all those Elites think
that they would
individually be better
off that's
insane that that there's no real world
uh analogy where you've ever seen that
happen
anywhere even the government of every
country let let me take the simplest
example uh pick any country that's a a
democracy well not even a democracy pick
any country look at their elected
leaders and you tell me all on the same
page you know why why doesn't Congress
in the United States collude so that
everyone in Congress
like comes off good and maybe at the
expense of the rest of the public but
why don't they do that why are they why
are they against each other and fighting
like crazy even Republicans fight
Republicans Democrats fight Democrats
why but but you believe that although
every example in the history of humanity
every example the powerful people are
actually opposed to each other every
time but this is the first exception and
so the biggest thing ever and that all
the all the elites kind of on the same
page if we can get them to eat bugs
they'll buy more oil or whatever it is
if we can get them to eat bugs then
we'll be able to raise their
taxes if we can get them to have enough
soy they
won't my own military won't be able to
fight I don't think soy does that to you
but none of this tracks
none of this makes sense even in a
general directional sense none of it
makes sense because it assumes something
about human behavior that's
absurd what is the thing that you always
say about uh why Marxism and socialism
doesn't
work it it you know sometimes we say it
creates dictators but the real reason is
that it ignores human
behavior humans are very predictable
if you say you know what if you work
harder than your uh peers you're not
going to get anything extra but you'll
get to share what you made with
everybody will people work as hard as if
you say hey you're going to be a
superstar and you'll be better than
everybody and you have more stuff if you
work hard there's no question which one
works right the reason capitalism makes
more stuff than than socialis or
communism is that it's just a better
system but but suddenly
suddenly uh an entire hundred thousand
years of consistent human behavior
suddenly changed because of the world
economic forum and climate change or
something now there isn't any chance
there isn't any chance that there's
anybody plotting to make you drink soy
milk and eat
bugs the people who want you to eat bugs
if they exist are probably two types
there's somebody in the buge eating
business who who wants to make money so
they're they're seeding the the media
with stories and they're they're trying
to like you know get it
in so there's clearly a there's a
commercial Factor here obviously no
nothing gets this must nothing gets this
much attention unless somebody's trying
to make money off it the news doesn't
just tell you what's interesting they
tell you what somebody who makes money
wanted them to say that's how it works
when it's about Commerce
and yeah if if you don't understand and
then and then on the other side people
like the world economic Forum there are
people who like to tell you the
interesting thing that they heard it's
in the news you maybe it's futuristic
maybe it's forward-looking so some
people like to talk about you know the
potential of things to come but it
doesn't mean they need it or want it or
it's the only thing that could happen or
they're going to force you to do it none
of that
yeah so one one of the things that
conservatives universally have as I
would say a blind spot is that people
are not that
coordinated to me that's the big blind
spot now they're they're definitely
things that seem coordinated in other
words the the Deep state does seem to
act like one Big Blob but when you look
at the Deep state are not their
motivations the obvious ones that people
have always had
obvious they want their side to win they
want good jobs and power and it's all
obvious so when you looking at the blob
or the Deep State and you've got a
conspiracy theory about hey I think the
Intel people are working with the media
and the media might be working with the
Democrats that's all observable it's not
only directly observable you know proven
in documents and you know leaks and
whistleblowers and everything so you got
tons of direct evidence evidence but it
also completely fits the greed and
selfishness model that explains all
human activity forever but if you tell
me there's somebody sitting in a room
who wants you to eat bugs and drink soy
milk unless they're making money from
Bugs and soy
milk no no that's not
happening anyway that's my opinion
um but I do think climate
climate is a scam all right uh Gavin
Nome and DeSantis had a debate Hannity
was the moderator I tried to watch it
let me tell you when I bailed
out de Santa says hey can you explain
why uh everybody keeps moving out of
California and moving to my state in
Florida so therefore I'm the winner
because the people are voting with their
feet the people in your state they're
all you know it's it's the most U-Hauls
they've ever used they're all coming to
Florida and what does Des Santa say to
that to Santa I'm sorry what does what
does Nome say here's what Nome says no
they're not they're moving from Florida
to
California that's when I turned it off
CU I realized that the it was the format
this problem how many times have I told
you it if somebody can win a debate by
saying something absolutely
ridiculous because because half of the
public doesn't have access to the news
they only have access to you know
propaganda disantis could lie all day
long and Republicans would think what
they thought of him all along it
wouldn't change and Democrats would say
hey that was pretty brave he went into
the lion's dead and you know you roughed
up DeSantis good job new Nome totally
won
Nome totally won did he say anything
that was true probably not did Dan
santis do a better job of let's say
making arguments based on facts probably
did that help him
no didn't make any difference yeah read
the review it's like it's the exact
thing you'd expect right Democrats they
knew someone Republicans maybe they like
the santis more
right but now as long as the sanis can
just deny reality and nobody knows the
difference on his team he wins he wins
so Nome won hands down uh simply by
showing up and you know smiling and and
lying and doing his thing uh but what
else do we learn about this D santis
says that Gavin nome's own father-in-law
uh fled from California to live in
Florida
now that's that's kind of a funny gotcha
but it doesn't win you any debates
because as a human being you listen to
that story and you say to yourself okay
there could be a lot of reasons for that
right you know it's not like that's not
exactly a kill shot it's fun it's fun
you might remember it but it's not
really a Kill Shot um and then I guess
uh you know Nome said his lockdowns were
great and he saved lives and the the
trouble with the and and of course
nobody on the right believes that they
think it's the opposite everything he
did killed people and ruined children
and all that but debates are
worthless this this could not have been
more worthless because You' never get to
fact check anything I I've said it a
million times somebody's going to create
a debate show in which the fact Checkers
are part of the debate and each team has
their own and the host has their own
so that if if a fact comes up instead of
instead of this where you can
just claim it's true and run out the
clock you stop you say all right there's
a fact check and then they both show
their sources and then maybe the
moderator says all right uh I'm going to
rule that uh they're neither of them are
reliable or you know it's a it's a jump
ball so make your own decision at home
or one of these is just wrong now one of
them just lied
now that's a
debate I'd watch that all day long even
if it took longer because you could do
it live when it's a little slow because
it slows down with the false claims but
then when you edit it together you just
fast forward with the fact checking to
to get to the end of it and that would
be great imagine a fast forward through
all the fact checking but they always
have to stop when there's a fact check
that would be a debate that'd be
fun all right we have a
here uh
 uh Jason Ferris clot got your Boer
itams so Jason fell for the forchan hoax
that reversed all of my opinions on the
pandemic Jason you should be very
embarrassed about falling for
that all
right um so here's some oh then the STIs
up the so-called poop map of San
Francisco so it's a map where there was
an app where you could report if there
was human feces on the sidewalk
somewhere so people could stay away but
what happened was the entire map turned
brown because there were so many so many
reports of feces on sidewalks that you
couldn't even use it it was just
Brown now remember I said that
persuasion is
visual so Dan santis holds up you know
the map
so you can see this big pile of
 and he holds it up next to his
face and that was his
persuasion I know what he was going
for now what what he was aiming for was
a good visual persuasion a moment that
people would remember that would really
brand um Nome has a bad you know
Governor what it made instead was an
association of Ron de santis and a giant
pile of
 all right the visual persuasion
doesn't live completely on its own right
you can't make the other mistakes you
don't want to associate yourself with
something that's
disgusting so what I what I'll remember
about that is Ronda santis his big old
had here and a big old pile of
right next to it that's what I remember
I already knew that San Francisco had
some problems so I learned nothing new
from that so nothing changed because I
know that San Francisco has problems but
now in my head I've got a pile of
in desantis's head and I can't unsee it
yeah that's visual persuasion done as
wrong as you could do
it but I asked
myself and you should ask yourself if
Trump had done this would I feel
differently yes you know why because for
trump it would be on
brand yeah it would be unbrand but Trump
doesn't like to do gross
stuff right Trump has like a you know
he's not even a big fan of shaking hands
so I don't think he would hold up a big
pile of human feces
and say hey remember me remember this
pile of feces that would be opposite of
Trump's personality I can't imagine him
doing it but if he
did because it's trump it would seem
funnier the the see the problem is that
DeSantis if he does something that's out
of brand because that was a little bit
out of brand DeSantis is just the he's
the accountant who's not going to make a
mistake he's going to tell you what he's
going to do and then he's going to do it
and you'll be pretty happy about it like
he's an operator he's and good probably
one of the best governors of all
time but if you're a showman and people
say okay what what what is the guy who's
bringing the show going to show me well
you might look at it differently but it
would still be a a
mistake all right you know all those uh
January 6 depositions that the committee
the Congressional committee got and now
uh
the Republicans would like to get a copy
of all the ones that we didn't see
because there were a lot of depositions
that were not public and wouldn't you
like to know you know whatever the
committee knew
yeah um they're all missing everyone of
them every one of the deposition
videos not some of them not some of them
every one of them is good
on what should you assume about
that well if this were a case about an
individual American citizen I'd say well
that person is innocent until proven
guilty that's our standard we should not
change
that but what happens when it's a
government and the government does
something that every single person who
who sees it says well that's a little
sketchy and corrupt looking what should
you assume
you should assume guilt yeah doesn't
mean it doesn't mean it's not a mistake
could be a mistake but you should assume
guilt because that's the that's the
better system so I'm going to assume
that the January 6 committee was as
corrupt as they looked I mean they
looked corrupt without even knowing this
but I would say this is confirmation of
their corruption and I think the January
6 committee committed a worse crime than
anybody did on January 6th I think the
committee
committed a far worse crime than even
the people who did
violence even the people who did
violence I'm including them were not
nearly as bad as what the January 6
committee attempted to do because the
violence as bad as it was you know
clearly a tragedy we have empathy for
the victims all right I'm not making
light of
victims but they were
individuals and there weren't that many
of
them but when you corrupt the country
you know the entire system as grossly as
the January 6
committee you know even without the
Bloodshed I I got to say it's worse you
know if if you found out that the
Republic were you know overthrown
tomorrow you wouldn't say to yourself
well nobody died you'd say okay that's
worse because you know down the road
it's going to be much worse you
know so that's probably exactly what it
looks like uh Kyle Becker again
reporting on that um Chris chro Chris
Chris Cuomo went on the uh Patrick um
Ben David show do I have his name right
podcast and uh here's what he
said this is CUO Chris Cuomo he said as
Patrick says the data is the data nobody
was trying to kill us when Trump was
president in a way that they're not now
in the way that they're not now I think
that's a typo if anything there's more
hostility so pbd says so you're open to
a trump
vote this is Chris Cuomo uh who had been
on CNN until he went to news nation and
Cuomo says I am always
open and I'll tell you this people say
oh oh uh you're never voting
for Republican in your life and CUO says
wrong and not only have I the first vote
I ever cast was for a
republican all right let's do a test do
you believe that he's telling the truth
that he would consider he's not saying
you would vote for him but that he would
seriously consider voting for
Trump you're very mixed I see lots of
yeses and lots of NOS um I'm going to
tell you the definitive answer to
this because um so Chris Cuomo was uh
among the first you can say the first uh
major news person who asked to talk to
me after I got canceled now it took him
some convincing so we had some extensive
private conversations before I appeared
and I'm not going to tell you my private
conversations but I will tell you with
certainty he means
it with
certainty based on private conversations
with certainty he means that he's open
to it now again I want to be clear I'm
not saying that he's certainly voting
for Trump nothing like that I'm saying
that he is
absolutely open to the
argument and and again if you didn't
talk to him personally you wouldn't have
any sense of that because you're only
seeing the public version but keep in
mind what's the worst thing that
happened to Chris Cuomo
professionally and who did it to him
it wasn't Republicans getting cancelled
on CNN was the worst thing that's ever
happened to him and that was purely
Democrats right and do you know what I
said when he was getting in trouble for
you know helping his brother the
governor of New York I said that's
 he can help his brother all day
long I don't care if there's a conflict
of interest everybody knows that's the
most obvious conflict of interest that
it couldn't be more more transparent he
couldn't be more honest about it he
would have his brother on and do you
know uh giant Q-tip jokes and
obviously obviously he was going to help
his brother and who would want him not
to who would want him not to crazy
insane but now imagine you went through
that right and I I told him one you know
that I was one of his supporters on that
absolutely that was was that was just so
wrong that they took him out for
that so when I tell you that you don't
know
exactly um what his private thoughts are
CU his his CNN performance was more of a
performance but when he dealt with
me it was totally straight he asked
tough questions cuz he should and he
listened completely to my answers he
didn't talk over me um I mean no more
than a normal interview
and uh he was completely completely a
legitimate honest agent on that issue
and I think you're completely wrong in
fact I'm sure of it with complete
certainty he's absolutely open to
looking at both sides
absolutely and by the way that's called
reciprocity what I just did but I'm
telling you right he treated me fairly
when almost nobody was so I'm defending
him because I owe
him so that's
payback all right um Ukraine is
allegedly going on defense so the new
orders are to dig in and and defend
rather than being on the offense so I
would say that the cat is on the roof on
this one in the sense that um that
doesn't look like they think they're
going to gain any more
territory so I think that when Putin
says I'm going to wait for the end of
the for the election in America before I
do anything I think zalinsky realizes
that his best bet is to wait for the
next election because it's going to
happen so I feel like all the signals
are pretty obvious now that it is going
to get negotiated it's going to look
like something like where the the
current lines are I imagine it'll be
right along those lines and there's no
other way this is likely to go yeah I
hear the stories about zalinsky buying
yachts and stuff but I wouldn't
necessarily believe those I don't
disbelieve them but in the fog of war
and knowing that Russia disinformation
is really a
thing I wouldn't believe anything about
zilinsky getting rich I assume it's true
if he ask me what I assume I assume so
but if you look at any specific report
about buying two yachts and stuff like
that I think that's unlikely to be true
even if he's stealing he's probably not
buying Yachts with
it that's my guess like it might be in a
you know secret bank account somewhere
but I I don't see him buying a yacht
that you can't
use all right uh uh Glenn greenall
talking about MSNBC who he says uh
talked about a medy uh yeah Med
heran Med Med medir heran Hassan sorry I
can't say his name right uh but he was
cancelled he Show on
MSNBC um along with two other Pro
Palestinian hosts after October 7th but
what's interesting is that it's a long
time now so it's it's three weeks later
after he got cancelled and he hasn't
said a word in
public that's kind of weird if you're a
host of a major TV show but apparently
the uh
no one was watching his show anyway it
was like the lowest rated show on cable
news I think like it was just like
invisible it was so lowly attended so I
think M MSNBC made the right business
decision because keeping on there wasn't
making any money but it might have but
it could have lost the money because
they would have lost a lot of you know
Jewish
support but the real question is and I
think Glenn Greenwald is on this page
is why did he have to get
cancelled just because you hate
everything he says and he's you know
maybe some would say he's anti-israel
and pro you know two pro bad guys but
doesn't he get to say
that don't we have a country where you
get to say that and and isn't that a
point of view that um there are enough
Americans who want to hear that they
ought to hear
it
no matter how no matter how nail likee
it might sound to your
ears do you not get to say that in
America you don't get to say something
that everybody hates well not everybody
obviously it's a good question I don't
know where the line is because on one
hand I don't want to hear what he has to
say on the other hand I know that's not
how the standard works the standard
is for me to be able ble to say what I
want to say I have to let him say what
he wants to say so I've got a little bit
of agreement here with Glenn
Greenwald that as much as I think he is
a malign bad force and his show was a
disaster I hope he didn't get cancelled
just because people didn't want to hear
what he had to say that would be the
wrong reason if if he wasn't making
money and it was just too much problem
for the company then it's just a
business decision but I hope it wasn't
because of what he was
saying and again I'll remind you I'm
100% behind Israel uh for its Gaza
policies anything that happened before
October 7th I don't care I'm just not
involved in that so I don't care about
their history I don't care who did what
to who October
7th I'm going to I'm going to judge
everything that happens in Gaza by
October 7th that's my
St all right Israel has put out some
fighting Maps some maps they show Gaza
in a grid with numbered numbers on each
of the boxes and I guess they're
dropping pamphlets now because the
ceasefire didn't work the ceasefire is
over well the ceasefire did work because
they exchanged uh prisoners but there's
still some to go and the claim is that
the Hamas is not doing everything they
said they do so Israel is going to go
back to the attack now that could also
be a
bluff so it could be that Israel is uh
doing everything that looks like they're
going on an aggressive attack to get
Hamas to you know fold on the last few
things about the uh the prisoners maybe
or maybe it's a win either way getting
ready to fight because they need to well
you just need to do that but if it had
the effect of causing the hostages to
come back well that's good too so makes
sense what they're doing and it makes
sense that they would have this grid but
remember I told you visual
persuasion is the
strongest when you actually see the map
and you see that it's lots of you know
lots of boxes and you see that they're
going to
drop there people in advance hey we're
going into this box if you're a civilian
get out of this box but the box is not
so big that they don't know how to get
out of it in other words it's all
walking distance if you said you have to
get out of Northern Gaza well that's too
far to go like to do what how do you get
out of the North the north is just too
big you getting out is not no easy thing
but if you make it small enough
boxes everybody can walk to the next box
until the bombing stops in that
box now I don't know how this is going
to
work
because um wouldn't Hamas get get out of
the box
too so we we'll see what happens it
could be either the best idea or the
worst idea but here's what's important
from a persuasion Public Relation
standpoint when I heard Israel saying
hey Innocents can leave I said to myself
okay I back Israel you know I'm on their
side but can they really leave can you
really walk from northern Gaza to
Southern Gaza in a war zone to to me
that didn't look like they could really
leave did you have the same feeling it's
like yeah I get in principle you say
they can leave but in a practical sense
there's no way it's just not there's no
way so now they have a a new visual
representation of the area so you can
just look at it and you could look at
and say oh yeah that would work like
your brain instantly says well I could
walk from that box to that box and wait
for a day I could do
that
Jason you're such a bad
troll like you're you're not even making
a
dent are you drunk already Jason yeah
you act like you're
drunk by the way the number of times you
can make somebody go away by asking if
they're
drunk you should see how often that
works it's
crazy drunk so drunken Jason will see if
he comes back he he got real quiet when
I asked him if he's drunk
because you're probably drunk aren't you
yeah I know it's the morning but I'll
bet you're
drunk all right
um so the fighting maps are good
forum um University of California has
got some conflict
150 um professors are condemning the
school's president um the University of
California's president's Viewpoint
because he wants to make some changes
and he wants to uh he wants the teachers
professors to have more neutral opinions
on things like climate change and Middle
East
atrocities and people are saying um how
could we have a neutral opinion on
atrocities you but of course he doesn't
mean that he means that the whole
context that includes the atrocities now
is it a good idea for educ s to try to
be objective and not insert their
opinion into uh politics in the news
well like your common sense says yes
that's a good idea you don't want these
teachers propagandizing people but
here's the second question is it
possible no no it's not possible you
can't not inject opinion into world
eventss that's not a thing because the
just the word choice and what you leave
out and what you
emphasize your opinion will always be in
it so it's
impossible so the suggestion is to do
something that's literally
impossible and people are
complaining so I don't know I think it's
just more of a sign that uh the uh the
higher levels of
Education uh don't know how to educate
cuz they don't know if they should give
an opinion or they should not give an
opinion and it would completely change
what you were taught if you can't figure
that part out so I side with the news
people who say that all news is
opinion and that includes uh Ida Bay
Wells who's the uh what was it the 16
whatever project so yeah the
1619 um author
she said that uh news people have to be
have to be opinionated and biased not
bias but have opinionated because that's
the only reasonable thing I would argue
that that's always been true oh George
Santos has been
expelled breaking news George Santos has
been expelled is that a real thing well
we'll find out about that yeah I don't
think that it's realistic to expect
people to not put their opinion in their
teaching cuz how could you do that I
mean seriously how could you do
that but as a standard it might make
sense to get as close to it as you can
so I don't hate
that but the question was how did they
teach uh climate
change how would you treat imagine you
thought that climate change was an
existential threat you're you're a
professor and you really believe
it and and maybe it's true I I don't
know what's true but maybe it is how
could you possibly allow the critics to
get equal voice in that conversation if
you thought one would kill the world and
the other would save the world and
you're going to ask your professor to be
unbiased about that how because here's
the problem if you're unbiased about it
the Skeptics
win sorry
the Skeptics just have a stronger
argument doesn't mean they're right
doesn't mean they're right I mean that
if you had an honest debate with the
Skeptics and the pro-climate alarm
people I believe the Skeptics would win
100% of the time if you had the right
Skeptics right not all of them some of
them are
frauds and it's not because and I want
to be clear about this it's not because
I know that climate change is or is not
real I I don't have magic abilities what
I know is that the argument will sound
more
persuasive because when you say when I
say for example do you really think the
scientists can measure the temperature
of the
planet and and that they're accurate
within a you know half a degree or
something which you would have to
be people just laugh at that go well you
know if you've ever worked in a big
company and you know how much
big companies tell their public and tell
the customers you know that's not a
thing you know that's not a thing every
part of your common sense tells you no
they didn't put they didn't put
thermometers around the world and then
track it for 100 years and they were
accurate to a half a
percent right if you put me on that
debate I would slaughter a scientist who
knew a hundred times more than me
because what's the scientist going to
say say scientists is going to say but
but but here's my uh detailed scientific
study that's
peer-reviewed and they say what
percentage of peer-reviewed things are
true well you know that's our process I
know but what what percentage are true
well you know it's the best process I
know but what percentage of
peer-reviewed studies turn out to be
true in the long run just to give me a
number well most of the time is it
because I've got to study this says it's
50% of the time half now you tell me
this if you took a bunch of scientists
and you said uh if you if you say a is
true you could be happy and live a happy
life if you say B is true you will be
destroyed is that
science right in other words the the the
critic argument is just super easy to
understand and strong the argument that
we're in trouble and and we're all going
to die might be right I don't know it's
too complicated for me to understand but
too complicated and the only people who
understand it are making money from it
compared to you haven't been right for
40
years half of science is made up and
you're all paid to say it's real who
wins that
debate and and by the way they convince
you that they could put thermometers
around the Earth and tell you the
average temperature of the earth within
half a
degree right you put me on that panel I
would destroy climate change in one
hour as a alarm narrative but I might be
wrong here that's the funny thing I'm
not telling you I'm so right that my
argument would win it's not because it's
right it's because it's a common sense
observable set of arguments common sense
and observable the the other is well I
can't even tell what that science is
saying and aren't you paid to say it's
real yeah somebody says you're right
you're wrong Henry Cruz says I might be
I might be wrong that's not what I would
bet my life
on well credit to Barry Weiss who uh in
sort of an independent journalist type
broke some big stories so she's got a
new startup called The Free Press
and apparently especially during this uh
Hamas Gaza situation she seems to be
getting tons of attention uh for not
being a biased source of news I guess so
good for her I just just want to give
her a sh shout out that I think Barry
Weiss has been one of
the um most useful citizens in the
United States over the past few years by
being uh aggressively dedicated to
what's real and being uh unwilling to
play along with what's not real so all
credit to her and uh apparently the Free
Press is being quoted by notable people
and getting a lot of attention and I'd
like her to get a little bit of extra
attention because when you do work that
good maybe good things should come to
you all right nature self-regulates it
does not go into Cascade failure yeah so
the the climate
alarmists um have an argument that oh
yeah maybe you can't see what's going
wrong but when it reaches this breaking
point you know that's where everything
will fall
apart I have no confidence that our
scientists can look at the complexity of
all the systems you know around our
globe and they can tell us that there's
an upcoming fall off of Cliff
point there might be but how would you
predict that that would be the hardest
thing you could possibly predict in an
environment where they can't predict
anything and and I want to say
this prediction is truth right if you
predicted you know accurately in the
past you probably have something like
truth but if you can't predict you can
now the history of climate is they've
predicted terrible but if you ask if you
ask them they say no our models are
right on oh yeah maybe 30 years ago we
had some crazy ideas but those guys are
all dead um current batch of scientists
finally got it right we got all these
models if you haven't heard me explain
why the models are BS allow me to do it
this
way nobody can predict the
future you can't do it with
math nobody can predict the
future that's not a
thing it's also not what prediction
models are
for models are not for predicting the
future that's not even the point of them
do you know what they're for they're for
to tell you what the cone of possibility
is from the worst case to the best case
but where it is within that cone nobody
can predict that yeah so that's the
first thing it is way too complicated
too many variables nobody can predict it
um but in
general in general that's true of a lot
of things now that's also why I'm
suspicious of the large language model
AI if the large language model was built
to predict what what the next word in
the sequence would be and that's how it
pretends to be intelligent how come it
can't do it when I ask it to do it try
going to your large language model and
give it half a sentence and see if it
can accurately complete the
sentence cuz that's what it's built to
do right it's built to do literally that
complete the sentence try it give it
give it half a sentence and see if it
can complete the sentence with what you
had in your mind not that it can
complete it obviously it can complete it
but can I complete it with what you had
in mind because if it can then it's
doing what they say it knows that you're
likely to say this now you'd have to
repeat the you know the thing to make
sure that it's repeatable but if it
can't fill in the sentence that you give
it as just a test is that how it's
thinking the only time it can't do it is
when you give it the first part of the
sentence but it can do it
otherwise here's what I think I think
the reason it can't complete your
sentence is because it can't predict the
future and if it could complete your
sentence it could compute it could it
could predict the future and it's not a
thing right now I'm not sure that's a
good point I haven't thought it through
but I just don't understand why I can't
complete my sentence if that's the
entire basis for its intelligence is
completing
sentences it's a little mystery to me so
I would say that anytime anybody tells
you they have a secret process that you
don't fully understand that can predict
the future they do not have a secret
process that you don't understand that
can predict the future because nobody's
done it yet haven't done it with the
stock market haven't done it with
anything it's just not a thing in
complex systems now somebody said B
Scott uh NASA
predicted uh enough to send a you know
ship to the moon and back and that's a
lot of predicting to which I say it's a
lot of predicting with very few
variables in physics you know you got
your gravity and your you know B
basically things that we have formulas
for that never never fail
basically so that makes sense cuz even
though your mind says that going to
space is complicated it's not
complicated in terms of the rules of
physics would you buy
that it's not complicated in terms of
physics
right whereas the weather is insanely
complicated in ways we can't even know
what the variables are exactly yeah very
different
uh it's not complicated just difficult
that is
correct all
right
um so that's what we
know ladies and gentlemen are there any
stories I left
out I think I've gotten it all we'll
catch up with the George Santos story in
a little bit but remember get your
visual persuasion right and your whole
life will be better it's a big big
deal
what Henry Cruz is making up some
news Argentina is there some news
there uh SRA o Conor has passed
away troops in
Vegas uh Dr fun
juice is asking me next time uh the
other story about the troops in Vegas i
s I saw your DM and I was I'm missing
the context I didn't understand the
context um so there there's some troops
in in Las Vegas
for what I don't
know uh are there are there federal
troops we talk about Peter Zan he quit
uh
X I'm the guy who pointed you toward
Robert sepher you called him racist no I
didn't I didn't call him a
racist oh you you know there really
needs to be a filter for the all caps if
if YouTube could add the filter to just
just stop the all caps people you would
almost see no no trolls at all because
trolls don't know how to use anything
but all
caps it's like they they don't know how
to turn that ability
off um let's
see YouTube will not replace
this yeah no I didn't you're your all
caps continue to reveal you as the troll
that you
are all
right
everybody I'm going to say bye to
YouTube I'm going to talk to the locals
for a minute and I will see you later