but I'm open by Bam Bam and my
background is not in school but on the
plus side my shirt is not inside out
this time so I think that's progress
progress hey everybody come on in Iran
Jen
Mike Jerry get in here and grab your
coffee because you know what happens
when we reach a thousand viewers oh we
do we do know what happens that's when
the simultaneous sip happens I apologize
for my bad Wi-Fi connection but I think
we can get it done as Chris Cuomo says
let's get after it he almost makes that
work almost I say all right raise your
globe here raise your glass your mug
you're a jack you're your vessel your
cup and drink
now have you all seen the news about
North Korea probably you haven't because
for some reason it doesn't seem to be
getting a lot of press maybe it takes a
while for people to wake up and start
writing but does it look like something
really good happened in North Korea
recently let me tell you what the
reports are of course we always have to
wait and see and any of this stuff but
the reports are that North Korea is
agreed to have phoronix inspectors watch
as they dismantle their missile site
that's pretty good and they have agreed
to do some commerce with the south and
they have agreed to attempt attempt to
win the Olympics for 2032 now do you
remember I was telling you that it would
be a good idea for them to make very
long-term plans for reunification and
you do it in one little step at a time
and so I was saying that they're going
to work together to get the Olympics in
2032 there's a nice long term get each
other a little bit pregnant you know
crawl in the right direction sort of a
thing yes I have allowed Nancy back
Nancy is back everybody say hi to Nancy
we missed you Dan see we'll never make
that mistake again hmm
yes Poland they want a military base US
military base in Poland and the is that
it was the leader of Holland I can't
remember but he suggested calling it for
Trump and I thought okay he's being very
clever because he thinks Trump likes to
have things named after him but there's
a problem with that because the Trump
name is a name that is a licensed
product in other words the hotels that
he doesn't operate the Trump
administration just licenses the name to
other operators now I work in licensing
and I'll tell you that it would be a
problem if you were trying to keep the
value or for your license high and a
Polish military camp
even if it was a US camp you used your
name so it would be problematic on the
licensing end anyway let's talk about
there's a tweet i retweeted this morning
from John Sullivan it was actually last
night so the hill did an interview with
Trump and you can see this is my Twitter
feed and couple things that Trump said
were hilarious one of them was he didn't
know if the Russia thing was a hoax
or a witch hunt because a hoax is worse
than witch hunt now remember I always
teach you about making people think past
the sale if you're if you're trying to
decide is this a witch hunt or a hoax no
it's more of a more of a hoax than a
witch hunt but it's got a little some
elements of of hoax and witch hunt so
sort of a witch hunt hoax which is it if
he has you thinking anything like that
then you've already accepted the point
which is that it's a hoax oh you
wouldn't
the other thing he said was in the same
technique
he said he wondered if exposing the
Russian hoax could be the crowning
achievement of his presidency now he
said well it might be taxes or
regulations but one of the crowning
achievements might be might be exposing
the Russian hoax now of course once
again he's making you think past the
sale the sale is an is is it a crowning
achievement or is it not but if you're
thinking about that
you've already accepted that it's a hoax
so he did it twice in one interview it
was pretty this is pretty pretty
outstanding in terms of persuasion all
right then I tweeted about Hillary
Clinton's word salad a laundry list of
problems I've told you this before if
you have one complaint with somebody it
could be valid if you have a whole
laundry list of generic complaints and
that's not so valid let me give you an
example if I said what's the complaint
with John Kerry you'd say well the Iran
deal sort of yeah I mean you could come
up with other things but if you were
going to criticize John Kerry it's like
the Iran deal if you were gonna
criticize Hillary Clinton you'd probably
say crooked and you can you can go down
the line and you find that the people
that really have a problem have one main
thing that you can talk about that's
really a killing insult yeah there's
always been Ghazi and some other things
but they're not as effective apparently
in moving the public but then Hillary
Clinton comes up with this tweet she
says I'll read it first then I'll break
it down Donald Trump refuses to be
subject to the law but the legitimacy of
our elections isn't out the president is
waging war on the truth
the administration is undermining the
national unity that makes democracy
possible and then there's the
breathtaking corruption now she goes on
the for several tweets but it's all the
same kind of generic laundry list let's
look at the first one Donald Trump
refuses to be subject to the law he does
he does what would be an example of a
law that the president has broken I
can't think of any in what way is he
refusing to be subject to the law
there's an actual FBI investigation
going on how much more subject to the
law could you be the the the Supreme
Court overruled his initial plan for for
immigration bans how much more subject
to the law can he be as soon as the
Supreme Court ruled he had to get to
work with it so it's just crazy the next
one was the legitimacy of our elections
is in doubt by whom the legitimacy of
our elections is in doubt well I know
that truck that Russia tried to fill
with them but there's no evidence they
succeeded the the person who's putting
the legitimacy of the election in doubt
yes Hillary Hillary and her supporters
are putting the election in doubt so
whether or not Russia did or did not
something do something the the entities
that put it in doubt the ones who
questioned the legitimacy is not not
Trump it's not Trump supporters that all
comes from her side then the next one is
the administration is undermining nah
we'll see the president is waging war on
the truth well what's that mean I mean
it's a fancy way to say
that he's not passing the fact-checking
to which I say as I said before and and
that has translated into the real world
in the following problems how did it
make the economy operate worse now it
probably made the economy operate better
because he told everybody the economy
was great and a common economy's work on
expectations I won't give you the full
rant about accuracy and the truth but
let's say that no politician adheres to
the truth
it just isn't a thing you know so to say
that Trump in particular has a war on
the truth it just doesn't have much
meaning there's no bite to it the
administration is undermining the
national unity that makes democracy
possible I'm pretty sure that's Hillary
too and I'm not doing one of these you
know what about ISM things
it's striking because her claims are so
much so clearly describing the other
side there would be plenty of national
unity if the winning side could get the
losing side to agree to just play along
and go with the process that worked the
way the process is supposed to go the
the group that one and then operated as
though they won and is trying to make
America great again
that's not exactly divisive so it seems
to me that everything that is blamed on
the president for divisiveness is
something that the people on Hilary's
team thought up and if they hadn't and
if they just been more productive we
wouldn't be having the conversation and
then there's the breathtaking corruption
what would be the example that I
understand that there
the other cabinet members who did some
bad things and they had to be dealt with
but in terms of Trump himself I don't
believe there's any claim so yeah so
she's doing the thing of accusing others
of that which you are guilty I never
thought that was a thing but it sure
looks like a here then see if and then
of course we're looking at a day when
the North Korea thing is going great
apparently Trump got Russia and Iran to
not attack ad lib which looked like it
was a hot spot in the problem so they're
gonna they're gonna cordon it off and
make it some kind of a safe zone or
something so every time we turn around
it looks like Trump is doing the right
stuff internationally and the economy is
zooming and he hasn't rounded up any
people and put them in concentration
camps so it's a it's a tell when you
have that many complaints that you have
to make a laundry list because that
tells you that none of them are strong
you know if if Trump actually did murder
somebody on Fifth Avenue and it was on
video do you think they'd be talking
about any of this other stuff they
wouldn't because they'd finally have
something that was real
so when people do the laundry list of
vague vague accusations of being
Savannah MO she is out of mo people the
North Koreans are playing America
there's always somebody who says that I
always think that's the the the this
most simplistic analysis of North Korea
is that they're playing us
like they always have before there's
nothing that we're observing that looks
like what has happened before and if
it's true that they let people in to
take a look at take a look at their
missile site being torn apart I'm gonna
say that's pretty real that looks pretty
real and by the way you don't you don't
look for a war with the country that's
looking to have economic cooperation and
host the Olympics he would have no
reason for nukes Kim jong-un would have
no reason for nukes if they do go ahead
with reunification
so he's there's just no reason anymore
and that's something that Trump did that
hadn't been done he simply took their
reason away project Veritas I haven't
seen
didn't get much news whatever it was or
else I would have seen it and I'm just
looking at your yes I did see Norma
McDonald show I enjoyed it
it's it's a weird little show I can't
even describe it so you just have to
watch it to see
where are you I'm in Vegas right now
I did not see Trump's press conference
this morning
well persuasion books do I recommend you
should google the term persuasion
reading list and you'll see my list
oh so it's also a good play that Trump
is releasing all of these emails about
the or all the documents about the fisa
because he doesn't know what's in them
but you don't you don't release you
don't release documents if you're
worried that it would be bad for you so
it's it's actually a really strong play
for him to release stuff and it's gonna
keep the the news busy for who knows how
long
there's another person saying before in
his line nobody could know that it's
unknowable
it was the other tweet i retweeted this
morning is somebody saying that if you
think you're 100% sure that the Cavanagh
event happened or if you think you're
100% sure that it didn't happen those
are the two irrational views so if you
have one of those views you're totally
sure some sexual assault happened or
you're totally sure nothing happened
those are the two non credible views and
given that we will never be able to know
the truth you have to default to the
system
and the system says you're innocent
until proven guilty all right
Ford accused Gorsuch - is that you I
doubt that's true
what I recommend the book had her win
friends
you know I haven't read that book
because I took the Dale Carnegie class
and I got the same stuff from the class
all right I don't have much else to say
today and so I think I'm gonna I'm gonna
cut it short could you out persuade
Trump I could not all right bye for now