well let's check in on the stock market
a little bit weak today but still time
still time we'll see if I can Goose it
with my excellent coverage of all things
in the news but first let's get some
comments going and then we'll we'll be
in good
shape come on comments there we
go everything's working just perfectly
today that's the way I like it
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams and you've never had a
better time but if you'd like to take
this experience up to levels that nobody
can even understand with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need for that
is a cup or micro glass a tanker Chelsea
Stein a canteen Jugger FL vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine end
of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous siping it happens now
go so good well let's check in with the
science um sure enough morning coffee
drinkers have 12% lower risk of all
cause mortality but apparently that's a
new study but
apparently you got to get it in the
morning for some reason if you wait till
the afternoon to have your coffee your
all cause mortality is not that much
better but get it
early and and you're you're going to
live forever at this rate in other
science uh according to study finds
there's a desert plant that shows
promise as col as a treatment for
coloral cancer
now I don't know how they deliver it and
I'm just hoping it's not a
cactus well let me check oh it's a shrub
shrub yeah a shrub would be no problem
I've tried to cure my color recto cancel
I don't have that but if I did uh I
would sit on a sit on a cactus if it if
I thought it would help anyway it's only
a shrub should shouldn't be so hard in
Insider TR trading Nancy P's husband
made some more excellent
calls of course we're assuming that he
knows a little bit too much because
Congress has Insider information
sometimes but I was looking at a couple
of the
examples and the two examples of his
insider trading are that he somewhat
recently sold his Apple stock and a good
chunk of his Nvidia but not all of
it um
those are the same trades I made I don't
have any Insider you don't need any
Insider knowledge to trade those two
things apple is at a point where AI is
likely to disrupt their whole business
model and it doesn't appear that they're
extra good at AI so I sold mine because
I thought you know Apple went from sort
of a monopoly kind of a company to
anything can happen at this point and as
you know Nvidia
um even before the new news it had such
a run that it would be time to take some
money off the table so you have to be
careful with these insider trading
stories if the Insiders are making
exactly the same trades as The Outsiders
like me literally the two it's the only
two stocks I sold I think no there was
one other that was a special case but
you know if I'm making the same trades
at about the same
time you know I I do believe the insider
trading is a real thing and it should be
addressed but not everything they sell
sometimes it's just obvious stuff well
men are becoming more obsolete than ever
according to brighter side of the news
um scientists have figured out how to
use stem cells and mice to U make their
own Mouse sperm and so that the female
Mouse doesn't need a like a real mate or
real sperm they can just make it of some
kind of stem
cells so let me let me look ahead let's
see uh we're about a year away from
robots doing everything that men can do
that requires strength so we don't have
the strength thing going for us uh but
at least we're the only ones who can
make sper okay we're not the only ones
who can make sperm now I guess the
scientist can whip it up in the lab or
whip it up in the lab if you know what I
mean no really it's from stem cells how
do we know it's from stem cells though I
don't trust those scientists at all if
you know what I
mean anyway men are obsolete we'll be in
about a year um so you know so here's
another one of my uh unbelievably good
predictions so good I wonder why you
listen to anybody
else um remember when I told you that I
sold my Invidia stock a while go CU I
thought there'd be some major disruption
you know some technology that showed you
didn't have to do these Big Data Centers
and whatnot and sure enough so deep seek
comes out the Chinese open- Source AI
That's uh cost five% to make and it's
almost as good but I also predicted and
here was my more clever prediction that
you shouldn't be that afraid of it at
least in terms of disrupting America's
AI
because first of all America AI would
keep moving forward and probably they
have some advantages because of the big
training facilities that they have that
deep seek does not but I also told you
that it would get uh that the government
of the United States would organize
against it so to make it illegal or
there would be lawsuits basically it
would just be tied up in all kinds of
legal Maneuvers like Tik Tock you know
Tik Tock being caught up in the
government political
process so I was pretty sure that it
would be heavily attacked and sure
enough here's what we know open AI is
looking
into um complaints that maybe was
trained on just looking at open
AI now I'm not sure I believe this next
part but it comes from people who know
way more than I do apparently there's a
way to train a AI model where if there's
already a model that is trained like
open AI Chad PT you can have the one
you're training just ask the one that
already exists millions of
questions and then it just answers the
questions and then then the new thing is
also
trained does that seem real to you how
how in the world could could it ask
enough questions I I get this as fast
and you know there's no human involv so
it's digital but can you really connect
to open AI if you're just a user and ask
it millions of questions a minute until
you've until you've sucked all of
its all of its
knowledge that doesn't feel like that
could happen wouldn't wouldn't open AI
have guard rails that say you can't have
that much um that much traffic all at
the same time or it would be so
expensive nobody could do it I know
there's something about it that's not
connecting in terms of
probably just my understanding of it but
I don't know how it could possibly ask
millions of questions and then reproduce
it that that doesn't even seem slightly
possible based on what I know about
anything but we'll see the smart people
say that's a
thing um so open AI is going to go after
for stealing their their IP because open
AI says we're seeing indications they
may have trained on our IP which is
interesting because a whistleblower
recently died under mysterious
circumstances for allegedly having
evidence that open AI may have trained
on some copyrighted work so you've got
the one that may have trained on
copyrighted work that's going to sue
somebody for copying the work that was
copied maybe from the copyrighted okay
it's getting a little confusing but what
is what seems uh critical
is that whoever has the most money to
hire lawyers is going to
Prevail and right now that's open
AI U let's see what else is happening uh
we're also talking about the data
security problem um and maybe even the
persuasion propaganda problem with this
deep seek model so as I predicted it
would first of all be get
sued and next to the government would
say hey it's too dangerous to have this
you know Chinese
spy application you know they might call
it so all that's happening exactly as I
said and the US Navy is Banning it
they're going to ban deep seek AI over
quote security
concerns because there's uh yeah so
security concerns so it's basically
already being banned
now who who predicted that I think I'm
the only one right did anybody else say
oh it'll just caught up get CAU up in
politics and and lawsuits and you're not
going to have to worry about it that's
what it looks like meanwhile Alibaba
just introduced its own AI this is brand
new didn't see this coming and it claims
to be the fastest One faster than open
Ai and deep seek and everything else
that's what they claim now question
number
two uh am I wrong that Alibaba is a
fully Chinese owned company
and if it's true that deep
seek um may have had access to a lot but
a smaller number than the US of those
Nvidia chips which seem necessary to at
least get going how in the world is
Alibaba creating something that's better
than all the other ones do they also
have a whole bunch of fake or not fake
but they they have a bunch of illegal
chips too how many Nvidia chips made it
to
China it it feels like that would be
exactly the sort of thing we'd have the
most control over but were we sending it
to some
country that then sent it to
China because how in the world did they
get it it's not like they're it's not
like they're stealing
it so I got big
questions about idia chips and Alibaba
maybe we'll find that out
today so as I tell you I I'm always
listening to MSNBC for the for the
comedy and it's becoming more and more
hilarious that their only coverage is
comparing stuff to Hiller and usually
Republicans so so here's here's what
they had today today they had their
guest uh Girard haras he claimed that uh
this is MSNBC
uh the guests claimed that Trump is
trying to make America white again by
deporting illegal
aliens well I don't know if anybody
knows this but Trump has nothing to do
with the color of the the
immigrants he doesn't have any control
over what color they are when they come
in the country he only has control over
not letting non-citizens in the country
but but this literally aoy here that
this is the guest who has this gray hair
that's like pointed like a like a
paintbrush you just dipped in paint and
uh it's so dumb that all he's doing is
doing the law exactly the way the public
wants them to do it it's not his fault
that the people coming in are you know
more one color than another one it's not
Trump's
fault and then uh Joy Reed is uh says
that Trump enforcing immigration law is
just like Hitler orchestrating the
Holocaust that's all she has is that uh
she goes similarities to what happened
in Germany and what's Happening Now in
America are just
undeniable are they are they
undeniable uh history may not repeat
verbatim but is sure does Rhyme yeah
Hitler rhymes with shitler so I guess we
learned something there
no you're not supposed to figure out
what's True by looking at what
rhymes if if I could give you one bit of
advice about understanding the
world things that rhyme are largely
coincidence yeah if it
Rhymes that's not really telling you
anything but it sounds good when you say
it then Tim wals is a guest on MSNBC and
he says quote of course Elon must did a
Nazi
he treats it like it's a fact and it's
the most obviously not a fact thing
that's ever
happened anyway so it made me think uh
I've never seen MSNBC do sports or
weather um I don't know if the TV
platform has that so I was wondering
what would it be like if MSNBC started
covering sports and weather would it
still be comparing everything think to
Hitler you know would the weather be
well looks like it's going to be colder
than Hitler's balls today it's going to
be snowing more than the dandruff on
Hitler's
shoulder uh then they're going to switch
over to the sports it's like uh that
running back he hit the Gap like Hitler
invading
Poland and I feel like they would uh
even for the weather they'd replace
Fahrenheit with some kind of Hitler
measure well looks like it's 32 Hitlers
today so wear your
jacket anyway speaking of that uh
apparently an armed man was arrested in
the capital who uh authorities say plan
to kill what uh what the armed man
called Nazis huh Nazis H where we to get
that idea uh and that included in his
view Pete heg Mike Johnson and Scott
Besson
if I'm pronouncing that is it bent or
bessent um the treasury secretary new
treasury secretary now here's my
question what new
source would he possibly be
watching that would make him think that
there were actual Hitler likee
characters in the United States
government and he would have to take
action because it's so
real could it be
MSNBC now you want to you want to get a
real
shock why why does Joy reads the lever
job is it because their ratings are good
no they're not even good on
MSNBC they're not as good as her her
peers as far as I can tell and but but
she keeps her job why is that why do you
think that is as absurd and silly just
calling Trump Hitler all day long and
nothing really mil else to say well
here's what I worry
about don't we generally hear that MSNBC
and and
NBC um tend to be some of the most
controlled news meaning it's not really
news it's a propaganda you know our our
internal intelligence people CIA seem to
have some some kind of connection with
some news sources more than others and
is generally widely considered by people
who follow this sort of thing that MSNBC
is a controlled news platform meaning
that they're kind of doing what the
intelligence people want them to do and
so my question is this is Joy Reed only
employed because she says Trump is
Hiller and is that what the intelligence
people want MSNBC to say because if they
didn't want him to say it she would
already be
out so the disturbing thing is that the
whole Hitler Hitler Hitler thing appears
to be either approved by or actually
initiated by our own
government that's what it looks like now
there's no way to know that from my
perspective but if it's true the MSNBC
is just you know a CIA fake news Outlet
which it appears to be I mean all the
indications it doesn't seem like it's it
really doesn't seem like they're being
serious about any kind of news
it doesn't look like they're even trying
so I guess I have a question is that
what our own government is selling us is
there a part of our government that's
telling us that the government is a Nazi
government that doesn't seem like a good
idea anyway Trump uh Finally
Revealed um not personally but uh it was
announcement that the drones over New
Jersey were authorized by the f FAA for
research and others were just normal
commercial traffic just normal drone
traffic all licensed and approved and
some of it for
research so how many of you guessed it
was aliens or an Iranian or or Chinese
attack if you guessed Chinese or Iranian
attack or some kind of surveillance or
aliens from another
planet um you're you're not winning this
round my my prediction was it was going
to be normal
approved traffic but I also suggested
that there might be some things up there
that we've not seen before possibly
because they're doing a bake off to
maybe show their products to somebody
like the government before the
government makes a decision on what
vendors to buy stuff from specifically
drones so I don't know if that's true
but uh they are calling it research it
seems to me that you
wouldn't fly a drone over heavily
populated areas for research would you
what kind of research is it research to
see if the Drone Works research to find
out how much data can collect from our
own
people what exactly were they
researching so that's a big question so
I think we can agree that every time the
government tells us something about
secret stuff you never really know if
that's
true let me say it
directly Trump as commanderin-chief
does not have an obligation to tell us
the truth if the truth is bad for the
country so if it turns out that he
looked into it and found oh damn I can't
tell them the whole truth but I can tell
them enough of the truth to make them
stop worrying okay it's not an alien and
we're not being attacked
that's all I really wanted to know I
didn't really have questions beyond that
because if there's something going on
beyond that that the military knows
about but we're not supposed to know
about I'm perfectly okay with my
president no matter what party they
are just not revealing that you know
being a little subtle about that that's
okay that's part of the job so I don't
need to know everything but I do
appreciate knowing that they if it's
true
I I don't see any possibility that it
was a an enemy
action and Trump wouldn't tell us that
that doesn't seem real so I'm pretty
sure we don't have to worry about it
that's all I'm wor that's that's my only
take on
that well let's see uh what things has
Trump accomplished in his one week uh
border encounters are down
93% in one week border and encounters
that's just
encounters just any kind of
encounter
93% now if you're a Democrat do you not
even notice the
difference I mean that's pretty dramatic
now it could be that there'll be another
uptick because it could be that the
people planning to come or sort of
waiting to see what happens and then
maybe they'll adjust and try some other
way to get in but but at the moment it's
pretty impressive I saw a post from
Insurrection Barbie on X uh pointing out
that Bill Clinton deported 12 million
illegals and the media didn't say
anything Barack Obama deported three
million
illegals media didn't say anything fine
with that uh but when Trump deported 1
million in his first term the media
brands are a racist and a
Nazi do you see how all this works he
does 112 of what Bill Clinton does
112th and he's branded a Nazi and Bill
Clinton is branded one of the greatest
presidents ever by the
Democrats all right so that's what we
got uh Trump signed an executive order
uh trying to ban trans surgery and
transchemical
uh chemical transitions I guess now the
it's not a direct ban it's a we'll take
your federal funding if you're an
institution that's involved in this do
you think it'll stick I think I think
there'll be
lawsuits um but it would be pretty risky
for any institution to lose their
Federal funding because I'm pretty sure
it's not a bluff the the the one thing
I'm sure of is it's not a bluff yeah
chemical castration would be part of
what's being
banned
um so is pretty bold that is very bold
now is it my imagination or has the
trans Mania just completely
disappeared so how many years have we
been talking about trans issues like it
seems like non-stop every day and during
that entire time I met zero trans
people and none I didn't run to any did
you it it it was always so much of a
bigger story than it was anything that
you know affects the the larger public
of course if you're in that situation it
affects you a lot but uh for most of us
we just didn't even have any contact
with that entire segment of the world or
maybe we didn't know you know didn't
notice but you know I want the best I
want the best for all the trans people
is as well as everybody else but um I I
like having less news on this topic I
just want to talk about something that
isn't trans and isn't a comparison to
Hiller that's all I want so we'll see
how that plays out I think Trump's on
the right side of history on
that uh so Trump has warned that Panama
is rapidly allegedly taking down its
signs that were written in China
in Chinese I mean they're written in
Chinese in Panama so the idea here is
that Trump is saying uh China has too
much control on the Panama Canal and one
way that that's obvious is if you go
there this there are more signs in
Chinese than there are in other other
languages so he's saying that uh they're
they're rapidly taken down the Chinese
signs so it's not so obvious who's
controlling
them I thought there was some question
about whether China has control of the
Panama
Canal I think Republicans say it's a
fact and I think Democrats say China
doesn't control the Panama Canal am I
right that there are two two movies on
one screen there the the Democrats have
a completely different idea what's going
on I think
so so one one of the things I find
useful is watching the Five on Fox News
especially when uh Jessica tarof is on
the panel she's the most reliable uh
Democrat to have the alternative
story um you know sometimes there are
different people in that chair but she's
really useful because you know the the
the fake news isn't on one side you know
there's a little fake news on both sides
right so I'm sometimes I've got little
blind spot to what the Democrats version
of the story is so she's really good at
giving you the quick version of the
Democrat side of things you know of
course then all all heck breaks out
because it it's a fun show with lots of
uh lots of energy
but I think uh probably maybe I think
maybe 10 times in the last year or two
I've heard something from her that I
hadn't seen on my regular looks through
the news so very useful you you don't
have to agree with the other side but
you'd be crazy not to know what the
argument is so at least listen to the
argument all
right uh the Trump Administration pushed
out um apparently is getting rid of 60
career
officials at a at an entity called us
Aid us Aid which is not an aid
organization um I don't want to get too
deeply into that but let me just say
this if it doesn't mean anything to you
when I say that that 60 officials were
removed from
usaid then there's a gigantic part of
America that you're missing and I would
refer you to Mike Ben to
understand why why neutering that
organization might be really important
cuz it's just one of these entities that
you didn't know was doing a lot of stuff
that you weren't aware of and you were
paying for if you're an American
taxpayer so uh the Trump Administration
seems to be targeting all the things
that really needed to be targeted and
they're doing it quickly it's very
impressive I have to say I'm totally
impressed um Trump Administration is
also offering these BuyBacks or not
BuyBacks buyouts for employees so I
guess you'll get eight months
pay if you decide to go by next week so
there's a website where you can
volunteer to go and you get eight months
of pay if you go now if you don't go now
you still might be laid off later but
without the eight months of
pay so I'm I'm guessing you get some
something but much less so this is a
really clever way to get things going
now what's going to happen and you're
seeing it already is that people who are
not good at doing anything are going to
have all kinds of ideas about how it's
being done wrong here's specifically
what people who don't know how things
work are going to say they're going to
say Hey you froze or you cut too much
too soon without looking at all the
details that's not a
mistake it will be true that if the
administration does exactly what it
should do in other words if if it acts
in the smartest most capable way it will
cut way too much way too fast without
checking that's the only way you can get
there because the only way you're going
to find out what's true is to cut stuff
and find out who
screams the the amount of pain that you
cause is almost the only good indicator
of what's working and what's true every
government
entity that Trump and Company want to
cut everyone will be lying to them
they're all liars there is no way you
can study and take extra time to find
out who you should fund and who you
should get rid of can't be done because
everybody's a liar so here's what you do
instead all right I don't see any reason
for this place uh we should talk to them
and see if they have a good argument no
you just stop the funding and you just
see what happens now if you don't have
experience you would say that is a
little crazy Scott you you don't just
fire first and then make a plan after
you've started you make a plan first and
then you execute the plan nope not in
this case in this case you just have to
run in and start punching stuff because
you you've got to just destroy the
current
assumptions destroy the current
Comfort you've just got to shake that
box until everybody's dizzy then you
might start seeing something useful and
you're going to have to take a bunch of
guesses and it's going to be messy messy
messy but here's what you can't do the
certain way to fail is low
energy the certain way to
fail and by the way failing to cut the
budget is the end of humanity I mean it
would be the end of the United States
and God knows what would follow right
because the world has a lot of
dependence on the United States people
we survive but we might be we might be
living in you know tribes or something
so the the level of risk involved in
continuing to spend the way we are
is really it's 100%
Doom so doing what we're doing in the
normal way is 100% Doom there really is
no Escape
if you go
wild with let's say putting full energy
into cutting costs and you cut too
deeply what is the risk of that well
there's definitely risk there is risk is
risk to
individual um individual components of
the
country and that's real and we should we
should be smart about those risks and we
should try to adjust and we should try
to make it easy on people when it makes
sense
but you got to do it that's the
important thing if you don't put full
energy into cutting and disrupting and
shaking the box and getting rid of
people before You' fully investigated
you can't get there you just can't get
there from here any kind of a low energy
traditional attack would be well I've
created a committee and the committee
will be spending 18 months are
researching what should be cut and the
way they'll research it is they'll ask
the opinions of the people they plan to
cut hey you're in charge of this
department how much should we cut what
you don't want to be cut you have to
increase 20% next year because otherwise
the world will come to an end oh well
we'll put that together in a report and
then we'll go back to the government in
18 months oh but we're a little late so
we had to delay it really took two years
oh wait a minute we're halfway through
Trump's entire term no point in doing it
now because they'll just fight it and
they'll never get done before the end of
the
term no you cannot do a low energy
major cut you have to go high energy
High
mistake high energy High mistake it's
the only path and the only people who
were smart enough to know that are Elon
Musk Trump and you know VI would know it
you know sax would know it Amman would
know it um I'm sure Andre knows it I'll
bet you you can't find anybody with a
high IQ to
disagree uh let let me let me lay down
the gauntlet here I say nobody nobody
who's got a high IQ and and the Trump
Administration has just freaking
Geniuses at this point not one of them
would disagree with going high energy
high potential mistake versus you know
our ordinary study it to death and do
nothing's
approach uh um and it's going to be hard
to educate the people who don't have
experience that it's the only way we we
ran out of we ran out of options we only
have one way to survive this is it this
is
it and I and by the way this is not an
exaggeration this is for
survival and I don't think I've ever
said that before you usually everything
else is well we're trying to optimize
we're trying to avoid some trouble no
the debt this is
survival and we have to put 100% into
it all right um this is interesting
apparently Trump is suing the Pulitzer
Prize committee for having given
Pulitzer prizes to the New York Times
and Washington Post over their Russia
collusion fake
news now I don't think this can
succeed I've never seen anything like it
so it's one thing to sue the the people
with the fake news and I don't know that
that's happening I don't think he's
suing the New York Times And The
Washington Post over Russia collusion
stories but if he's suing the piter
committee because they gave they gave
Awards and didn't take them back I I
think they'd be happy if they were just
resend it so something tells me that the
real play is just to get them to admit
that they gave Awards to fake news and
then have them just correct it and say
okay we we disavow or we resend the
award I don't know if you can resend the
award but you could say we disavow it
now or it was a mistake so it could be
that the
lawsuit is really just to get them to do
something that they should have done
anyway which is admit when they made a
gigantic mistake
well um RFK Jr should be sitting there
right now in his confirmation hearings
so that's happening right now we're
expecting it to be brutal um and we
don't know if he's going to get
through I will tell you
that if somehow RFK Jr doesn't get
through the the level of disappointment
I would feel for the Republicans
would be off the chart just off the
chart I could never forgive this let let
me say that directly anybody who votes
against RFK Jr given that he might be
the only one who can save us from our
food supply and bad
Pharma I'm taking this really personally
right this is not politics to me this is
my life I mean this this is you know
kids th this is personal this is not
politics whatsoever
so I'm going to Echo what Nicole
Shanahan said she said that Bobby
Kennedy might be nice but she's not and
she's got a list of people that are not
have not said they'll vote for him
mostly Republicans but not entirely as
fedman on the list and she said she's
going to personally fund primary
Challengers to anybody who votes against
Kennedy uh I'm going to personally do
what I can to destroy the lives of
anybody who votes against them you know
I don't I'm not sure I have much power
but to the extent that aligning them
every single day on social media is
useful I'm G to go I'm just going to go
animal because this has to happen all
right now you could say well what if
things go wrong well let's worry about
that if it
happens I mean it's not like it's not
like he has the ability to change
something so quickly that people are
going to be dropping dead right
everything will be carefully considered
he does like science even if the
Democrats are too dumb to realize it and
I'm not I don't feel any flexibility on
this no
flexibility uh this one just has to get
done there's no option on this one sorry
all the other ones all the other ones I
didn't really care about Pete Heth
honestly I didn't really
care almost any of them I didn't really
care I thought there were people who
could do those jobs the people that
Trump picked are good good picks but I
didn't care this is the one I care about
this is the one that will activate me
this is the one that's going to make
hell come at those people who vote
against it and I'd like you to join me
uh I think all Republicans have to just
go we have to just go Barbarian on this
th this one just has to get done
it it I mean it's it's the issue of the
age Beyond I mean obviously the debts
the the imminent one
but this is way too big this is way too
big to let politics get in the way and I
don't trust anybody who would vote
against them because it either means
they're stupid or bot and boy if they
act stupid or
bot they're going to have a tough tough
time ahead of them because we're not
going to forget this
one not at all
um so thank you Nicole Shanahan but by
the way this this is exactly what I was
talking about with the Trump way of
doing
things have you noticed that just
individual citizens are saying stuff
like all right well here's this Gap
there's this thing that needs to be
handled and you look around and you say
nobody's doing anything like nobody's
making the uh making the threat real and
then Nicole says I can do it and then
she does
it and and now it's news and now now I
can I can boost it so that's what I
could do like I wanted to do something
too but just complaining didn't seem
enough but if I'm boosting Nicole's
message that's real money now now it's
serious so I'm just jumping in because
it's necessary if if anybody else wants
to jump in and boost Nicole's threat I
would welcome
that Joel Pollock gives us an update on
the Pacific Palisades cleanup I think it
was originally predicted it would take
six to 18 months to get rid of the
toxins and allow people to rebuild but
the latest is that it might get down to
three months and according to Joel's
reporting there's a US Army corpe of
Engineers rep who says quote that's far
faster than I've ever seen on any other
major fire and the there's speculation
that Trump is pushing hard on
this um and I hope that's what it is I I
don't know what Trump is doing behind
the scenes but certainly what he did in
public should have been should have been
kind of a wakeup call now as I've told
you um mayor
bass has said that they hired a
consultant to help them figure figure
out what to
do that just sounds like corruption to
me that just sounds like corruption I'd
like to see a picture of the consultant
I'd like to know the relationship that
that consultant has had in the past with
the mayor are they friends have they
worked together before is it a
Democrat because I don't trust anything
about the consultant even without
knowing anything about who they are it's
just corruption as normal if you if
you're looking to give the government's
money to
somebody it just you know there's got to
be some better way to control that
money um and then apparently there's
some group putting together some uh
let's say lowcost housing for the areas
that used to be high-end neighborhoods
so just like you
imagined um the idic little neighborhood
maybe let's say upgraded do something
that the residents don't love because it
would create increase their
density uh among other
things here's a little uh scary thing so
deep
seek that open- Source AI according to
Matthew Burman he was playing with it
and he got it to upgrade its own code
now being open source that means that
you could take the code of deep seek and
can upgrade it if he had if he had a
good idea and so I guess Matt Burman
asked it to improve
itself and it Rose some
code for
itself and doubled its own
speed
uh uh do you know what that
means now first of all I would like to
see that
confirmed cuz story is a little too on
the nose and a little too
perfect and you know a little too
provocative to necessarily believe that
this is a reproducible thing and not
just a fluke and that it's really twice
as fast and you know there's no downside
to it Etc so I would want more
confirmation but if it's true it would
be the first hint of what's called The
Singularity meaning when they AI can
improve
itself so in a small way um and I don't
I don't think it could have done it
without the human approving each of the
actions so it's not like it you know
completely improved itself without any
interaction but we're at the point where
all you'd have to do is turn it into
some kind of an agent and say hey here's
the deal I want you to find out and just
keep working on it just keep improving
yourself
and then the AI would try different code
and experiment with things until it made
itself better and then we're in
trouble now it's just the first
indication of what's coming it's not the
singularity The Singularity is where
humans just are going to lose control
entirely because the machines will just
be so far above us and improving so fast
will just never be able to keep up
they'll just take control that's the
that's the risk
but uh Wow might be closer than we think
well here's some good news the the White
House is uh Now tracking the hoaxes so
the White House just did a press release
and the title of it is debunking latest
fake news
hoaxes now remember I've been telling
you that the Trump Administration takes
suggestions from the public better than
not better than I think I've never seen
it before they they just continually are
looking for good ideas and when they
find one they just implement it like
exactly like you would hope things work
and every time I see it I think to
myself damn that's like so impressive
that they can Implement ideas that are
not their own pet ideas now this one uh
almost certainly comes from the fact
that on the internet we were very
successful with hoax lists
uh to try to deprogram the other side
and indeed the fine people hoax getting
debunked probably was a key to Trump
winning a second term because it allowed
a lot of the smartest people you know
the Elon Musk the Joe Rogan's to say
wait a minute you fooled me you're not
going to fool me again so so debunking
the hoaxes was always was always the
secret weakness that the left had that
we had not fully EXP exploited and now
watching it work on the internet with
the various hoax
lists um the White House created not
only separately they also created a
rapid response account on social media
so they'll correct hoaxes in real time I
think they had that
before um the first term but to actually
announce the fake news hoaxes by press
releases oh my God that's good
they're actually making the fake news
the news because if the White House does
a press
release that's a big deal now in my
opinion this is the biggest mistake that
Trump made in the first term not doing
this not once did I see the White House
debunk the fine people hoax even if they
did I never heard about it the drinking
bleach hoax and all the other hoaxes but
uh on social media people were passing
them around like crazy so let's do a
hoax update so according to the White
House here are the four hoaxes that
happened in the first week one week four
hoaxes let's see which ones you caught
there's the Elon Musk doing a Nazi
salute which obviously was a hoax
there's a trump paused Medicaid and SNAP
benefits no those were specifically
excluded from his executive order uh all
the things that were Direct payments to
people were explicitly excluded but the
news reported that they were included to
get everybody all worked up that was
fake then there's Governor JB priter
said that uh and also Chicago school
officials said that ice raided a
school that never happened uh there was
this Secret Service thing that had
nothing to do with anything about
immigration I guess um so that was fake
that's three and the fourth one was uh
Physicians advocacy group opposes RFK Jr
for Health and Human Services head uh no
that wasn't a Physicians advocacy group
it was a partisan bunch of Democrats it
wasn't any kind of abis group all right
so you've got four hoaxes in one week so
let's say that the rate of hoaxes stays
consistent so four per week 52 weeks
take a few weeks off for vacation 200
per year 200 per year times 4 the four
years of the term 800 so the Democrats
are on track I'm not making this up this
is just math they're on track for 800
hoaxes by the end of Trump's term now
we'll see if the rate you know increases
or decreases but the current rate
four per week 800 over four
years which to me is pretty funny
anyway
um so and the funniest thing about this
newest hoax about the uh spending cuts
for things that really they're really
not doing a spending cut to um I often
talk about my quote smartest Democrat
friend who is you know suffering with
you massive terminal
TDS and after Trump won and he won by a
solid majority and and even the Democrat
left had said huh okay um he got real
quiet and I thought surely after seeing
that Biden really had a dead brain and
that the Democrats were covering it and
that they picked K Harris against old
Democratic norms and that she was so bad
she couldn't complete a sentence I
thought to myself well surely
now surely
now my Democrat friend will admit not
only are Trump's policies the most
popular ones for most things but that
he's getting it done and even the news
is complimenting him even Democrats were
complimenting him sometimes so I thought
he's finally see in the
light but he emerged yesterday by
email just as Plucky as he was and why
do you think he
emerged because he believed the fake
news that there were all these benefits
being cut and he wanted me to know that
once uh Trump's reputation goes in the
toilet and his approval drops Like a
Rock which it will because of all these
terrible Cuts he just made which didn't
happen it's a fake news uh and that
Trump would be completely disgraced and
he hoped that Pete Buddha judge he he
figures as the the best candidate will
uh come to the
rescue so that's what the other world
looks
like
ouch all right uh General Mark Millie
had a bad week because uh now that Pete
Heth is Secretary of Defense he's
already announced that uh he's pulling
the security clearance for
Millie
um and uh what else is he doing and he's
going conduct a review board to
determine if there's enough evidence to
have General Millie stripped of a star
while in retirement because he's in
retirement for his efforts to quote
undermine the chain of command during
the first term of President Donald Trump
there is going to be enough
evidence to make that a at least a a
toss up um I'm not I'm not super in
favor of going after retired people but
if the allegations against Millie are
true it's not normal behavior so it
might require a little stronger response
than you'd expect and of course we going
to take down his his his his pictures
his
paintings oh my goodness I tell you
I thought that I would be more
uncomfortable with what looks to
be I don't want to say Revenge but let's
say responses to what seem clearly very
bad behavior by a number of people but
when you hear what the people are
alleged to have been involved
in it does seem appropriate and uh we'll
see no no don't hang him listen not
let's not be hyperbolic I think he
should he should answer for some of his
decisions that seems
fair um and you know if it results in
taking a star away from him or something
you know that's up to the military uh
that's I would stay out of that
completely but uh yeah he's got got some
questions answer
there so remember I told you about CNN's
dumbest panelist
uh her name is Katherine rampel so she
she's going full full Nazi she's like an
MSNBC quality panelist but she's on
she's on CNN embarrassing them um so
somebody posted what she said which is
basically um defaming musk by saying he
gave a Nazi salute which he obviously
did not and uh somebody said that hey
Elon you should sue her and and CNN and
Elon
responded good
idea will he is he going to sue CNN and
the woman who said it's a Nazi salute
because I'm pretty sure if a jury saw
the full video where he touches his
heart and says you my heart goes out to
you when he's doing it I'm pretty sure
that the jury would say ah that doesn't
look like a Nazi salute to
me so I think he might
I think he might win unless the jury was
confused that somebody might have
actually believed it was really a Nazi
slute do you think people could really
believe that it doesn't feel like she
really believes it does it is she that
dumb she does seem dumb you know
literally just seems dumb so maybe she
believed it but it seems
unlikely let's see what else is Elon
doing just in the last 24 4 hours let's
see he's doing Doge and he's already
found a bunch of money to take out of
there lots more to come uh Trump asked
him to rescue the stranded astronauts at
the International Space Station and he
took the took the assignment so he's
going to rescue them so he's saving the
country from debt he's rescuing two
astronauts stranded in
space and uh he's also been H to work
with Boeing to get Air Force One
completed on time I guess they've been
working on it for years and it's over
budget and uh Trump would like to have
access to it during his term so who else
are you going to ask well elon's not
doing enough how how about he fixes
that is there anything he can't do do we
have any problems that Elon isn't
directly or indirectly solving this is
incredible
um remember I always tell you that the
person with the best idea is in
charge Elon Musk is not in charge of
anything except that he has good ideas
and if he brings you the best idea and
you look at you go wow well that is the
best idea it kind of makes him de facto
in charge without being in charge so why
would you ask him to help with
bowing because you're almost sure you're
almost positive that whatever he does
with them he's going to introduce the
best
idea okay how is he going to you know
how's he going to do any of these things
Doge Etc well the best ideas that's it
so if Elon has way more power than other
people are comfortable with I think
they're missing that the source of his
power is
performance it's not it's not some Lust
For dictatorship I don't see that at all
actually I don't see any signs of that
but he certainly likes having
Solutions so I think we need to stop
bitching about the person with the best
ideas having the freedom to implement
them because it's a good
thing well speaking also of Elon Musk he
says that Tesla's full self-driving mode
is here now what does that mean full
self-driving so I assume that means you
just don't have to have a human being
touching the steering wheel I don't know
how legal it is everywhere so there
might be a legal question that I'm not
clear about but it looks like
technologically uh letting the car do
the driving is going to be way way safer
than a human probably won't even be
close even if the car makes some
mistakes even if the car causes some you
know damage and death because everything
does it's going to be way cheaper or not
cheaper it's going to be way
safer and how would you buy another
vehicle
if there was one that could do
this now I've have not tried the
self-driving on a Tesla and
I'm kind of worried that my uh
psychology can't handle it because you
know you you have a sense of what you
can handle I don't know I don't know
what it would feel like to be in the car
while it's driving itself but I would
try it I would definitely try it and
probably I'd get comfortable with it
people seem to be able to adjust to it
so I guess I would too and if I could
have a car that would literally drive
itself oh my
God and and I also wonder if there'll be
some kind of weird um changes at bars or
restaurants that serve drinks could you
imagine the restaurant having its own
Tesla it's parked outside and you just
you know people need a ride home they
don't have a ride you just say ah just
take the Tesla and they just sit in the
Tesla and just drives them home and then
drives back to the bar and parks where
it was and it could just take people
home all day long so we might we might
be on the verge of taking drunk driving
down by
90% not on day one but if enough people
have a drinking problem and they want to
keep having having fun with their drinks
if they say you know what if I drink
when I go out and I like it it wouldn't
make sense to have another vehicle
unless you always have a unless you
always have a designated driver but most
people
don't so what what this could do
to you know even the uh Recreation
industry it could be one of the greatest
things that ever happened in
society we'll
see anyway there I saw an opinion uh
that it seems like almost a sure thing
that Tesla will stay ahead with the
self-driving AI part of its business and
uh if you add the self-driving
cars that it doesn't look like anybody's
going to be able to catch up too soon
and then you add on top of it the tricks
that deep seek brought to the industry
because in theory all the other AIS are
going to take the tricks that deep seek
had add it to their own code and be
twice as fast so
uh if you add that to what a Tesla
already has their self-driving cars are
going to be insane and the robots you
know the Tesla robots are going to be
even better than we
imagined so if you add robots plus cyber
cabs and self-driving cars it's hard for
me to imagine that Tesla is going to do
poorly in the future hard to imagine but
there is a political risk because elon's
out there so if if people decide they
don't want a self-driving car because
they don't like his politics that could
be a
problem well DC us attorney uh Ed Martin
he's uh conducting this uh internal
inquiry as to why
prosecutors uh brought the post Enron
statute for the first time against the
January Sixers so um some uh 300 of the
January 6 protesters got felony counts
for some obscure law that had been
designed only for Enron I guess and to
have it apply in this context was kind
of a stretch and some people would say
that it was too much of a stretch so Ed
Martin's going to look into this and
figure out if those prosecutors had gone
too
far yeah Tesla's earning statement is
out today
coincidentally meanwhile New York's
attorney general Lati
James she's going to sue the Trump
Administration for trying to freeze
those federal funds on what she thought
were I think she fell for the hoax I
think she thought it was going to stop
direct payments to people who get direct
payments but it's not it's going to stop
stuff like Dei and you know non and
immigration or yeah and funding funding
illegal immigration things that are far
less
controversial but here's the thing oh so
her claim is that the president can't
pause funding because it's a
congressional thing
maybe um but I've never seen anybody who
was more like a a t like a movie villain
Leticia James there's something about
the way she looks and the way she talks
there's just extra
chilling and we're going to get Trump I
can't even do an impression but damn
she's got the The Evil Genius you know
it's like she she has a Dr Evil's you
know twin or something she's got that
down um so uh Caroline levit the
new um spokesperson for Trump had her
first press conference and I would give
it an A+ it was really it could have
been the best one I've ever seen you
know I haven't seen every press
conference but you we um
so ma
melan am I saying that right melan no
melany uh was the
standard and she was great and pretty
much Flawless and often created Created
headlines just from her good answers and
stuff but uh Caroline levit was perfect
she didn't need a binder she spoke to
everything confidently quickly very
clearly uh
she knew the reporters by name her
answers were real answers and not not a
bunch of evasions and uh word
salad and it's kind of terrible for the
last
spokesperson Karen John
Pierre uh because we're going from
unambiguously the worst Press Secretary
of all time to one of the top two of all
time although Dana Pino was probably in
the in that top category as well so the
Republicans have had two or three that
are the best we've
seen and
uh at what point do Democrats
notice it seems like they'd notice that
their own spokesperson was completely
incapable of doing the job and that the
Trump ones are
great well how are the other countries
doing let's check in
internationally uh let's see the green
party leader uh the economic
Minister um says they only expect
Germany to have a growth rate
of
3%
3% uh that would be like the end of
Germany if they don't get that up that
would be less than inflation basically
that would be a death spiral 3% because
it would be one thing if they were in
the middle of a pandemic or just
recovering
but other countries don't have A3 growth
rate so whatever they're doing in
Germany it's all
wrong and and here's my question does
Germany still have the ability to
manufacture because that was one of
their strengths right they could build
factories and manufacture stuff like
cars and whatnot and I wonder if they
still have that
did they lose it like America did but if
they still have people who have those
skills I wonder if we could poach them
since Germany's falling apart is there
any way we could say hey we need a bunch
of people who know how to engineer a
factory and do it quickly so we can
bring manufacturing back to
America and uh I don't know seems like
we should be looking for some superstars
who have specific skills from other
countries meanwhile while over in the UK
um it looks like there's a a law to
imprison people who view far-right
propaganda online and you could get 15
years for looking at for looking at what
they labeled far right 15 years in
prison for
reading 15 years in prison for reading
because you read the wrong stuff now
that doesn't even sound real does it uh
I don't know if this is a law that
already passed or is being considered I
forget but the fact that's even that's
even on the
discussion 15 years for looking at
far-right
Material doesn't that create a little
bit of a risk that they can redefine
what farri right means well it used to
mean uh what we really meant was you're
agreeing with Hitler but now it means
that you're agreeing with Trump because
you know Trump is Hitler obviously you a
plus b uh so UK is just completely
broken that's just completely
broken but according to the Jerusalem
Post the Saudis and Israel are getting
closer to some kind of
breakthrough understanding where they
they recognize I I guess the big thing
is getting Saudi Arabia to
recognize Israel in a full way because
that would be shocking historically but
they're getting close apparently that's
the report anyway there are lots of
things that can derail a thing like that
such as October 7th the last the last
time the Saudis and Israel looked like
they were getting close to agreeing on
something
big uh that's when Iran acted so there
could be another big thing coming to
stop it from happening we'll see Iran
doesn't have much in the way of
assets left uh after Israel took out
hezbollah's big weapons and hamas's big
weapons and the Syrian Syrian Iranian
proxies so could be that this is exactly
the right time to get that Saudi Israel
thing
done um here's a funny story so Denmark
which controls
Greenland and doesn't want to give it to
or sell it or anything to
Trump uh decided to beef up their
security so they're going to spend $2
billion uh to improve their their own
National Security over there but if you
wanted to know what it was before so
this is the
entire uh this is the entire Greenland
National Security ready currently it's
there are four aging inspection
Vehicles now does an inspection vehicle
even have a gun
do they I I mean if if it's an
inspection vehicle in theory would have
some some Force so maybe there's a gun
on it I don't know but they got four of
those they've got a challenger
surveillance plane and 12 dog sledge
patrols uh to monitor an area four times
the size of France four dog sledge
patrols but not to worry they're going
to upgrade their
military to include uh three new Arctic
Navy vessels okay um and uh doubling the
number of planned longrange surveillance
drones to four from two to four as well
as satellite
surveillance so that should protect them
in case America wants to conquer them
but then I found out
this um according to a Denmark or a
Danish
politician uh they've done the math did
you know that the US military has three
to 400 soldiers in Greenland already
that's normal it's not new we've got 3
to 400 military already in Greenland
America does and what are they doing
there they're they're part of an early
warning radar defense so they're
operating a radar defense because if
you're if you're monitoring some radar
what you need is 3 to 400
people
right because monitoring the radar is
kind of sitting there looking at a
screen and you're going to need hundreds
of people to what why are there three to
400 people I have no idea why we have
three or 400 people if we're just a
radar
site anyway so the Danish politicians
said that if Trump just said all right
we own
now we already have enough military to
conquer it we wouldn't even have to move
troops in we could just say you know we
got 300 soldiers there and that would be
enough to conquer all of
Greenland so I guess Trump can take it
if he wants it even Denmark says all
he'd have to do is say he's taking it
and we couldn't do
anything and I agree they probably
couldn't do anything about
that well let me tell you that if you're
subscribing to the D comic which you can
only subscribe to and see if you're on X
just go to my account on X and you'll
see the button or if you're a locals
member but that's more political and a
little bit naughtier so make sure you
can handle the political stuff if you
want to be on locals uh but we have a
lot of fun on locals because it's more
of a
community and uh Dilbert the Dilbert
cartoons this week feature Dilbert who's
been disgraced on the internet and and
he has to deal with being disgraced on
the internet except that he finds that
it just makes his life better so you'll
have to you have to follow it to say and
also the Dilbert calendar for this year
now that a now that a month has passed
you can use the discount code to uh get
it for 10% less because you missed a
month and uh it's basically the calendar
is like buying a Dilbert book it's just
in calendar form so it's it's got a year
of comic on the front a year of comics
on the back of each page so some of them
are Dilbert Reborn the spicier ones and
some of them are the classics and
uh there there's no real reason that you
have to wait till the beginning of the
year to buy the calendar it's really
just a way to read Comics every day so
you don't have to be reading them in the
exact order that they're on the
calendar but if you want that discount
code you can see it's the pinned the
pinned post on my X account
you'll see it there and you'll see the
link to buy it the only the only link
where you can buy it all right ladies
and gentlemen thanks for joining I'm
going to go private with the uh locals
people but if you're on YouTube or
rumble or X thanks for joining we'll see
you tomorrow same time same
place locals are coming at you in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e