but I'm pumpin boom boom boom
yes it's a very rare afternoon coffee
with Scott Adams doesn't have to be
coffee it's the afternoon after all
unless you for viewing this later then
who knows what time it is but get in
here we've got stuff to talk about and
if you'd like to enjoy the simultaneous
up just get on it grab your copy or
vessel your mug your sign your chalice
your flask whatever it is a vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid mmm if I sound funny it's because
I just got back from the dentist so I
might be dribbling a little bit all
right so let's talk about President
Trump saying that he might accept
information from a foreign country and
then he would decide whether or not to
tell the FBI
of course you're watching this story and
I think you're having a similar reaction
to I am which is screaming at the news
the entire time and here's what I'm
screaming every time Trump says well
let's say Norway gave me some
information that was his example what
does the do say well I guess he'd be
okay if the Russian intelligence agency
offered him information he wouldn't tell
the FBI or if the Chinese intelligence
agency talked to him he wouldn't tell
the FBI no that's not what he said he
said if Norway had some information he'd
listened to it first is that not pretty
much the opposite of Russian
intelligence very different but the news
is trying to treat them like they're the
same thing
likewise because people don't have a
good memory of what happened with the
Don junior meeting with the Russian
lawyer people are conflating in their
mind there's somehow we knew back then
that
Russia was trying to interfere with the
elections and that anybody would have
known that this lawyer was saying that
somehow connected to Putin but nobody
knew that nobody knew much about this
lawyer at the time of the meeting she
was just a person who happened to be
from another country so here's the other
thing I keep screaming at my
Intellivision don't you make a
distinction between let's see reading
now from Politico this is their phrase
it says it is a crime for a campaign to
solicit except something of value from a
foreign entity a foreign entity is one
person and entity I don't know I would
think that a foreign entity would be
something like a foreign corporation a
foreign government a foreign
intelligence service that seems like an
entity did they mean an individual if
there's just a guy who knows some stuff
and he happens to be elbonian if there
just happens to be a guy who just
happens to know some stuff and he just
happens to be a citizen of another
country are you not allowed to listen to
it doesn't sound right to me but here
are some other questions I have so the
first the first point is that the news
is completely illegitimately covering
this because they're they're acting as
though Trump would act the same if
Russian intelligence came to him as he
would if a person who happened to be
from Norway came to him there's no way
that he treats them the same so acting
as if he would is pure imagination and
mind-reading and it's bad mind rate so
here are some questions I have since it
is a crime for a campaign to solicit or
accept something of value from a foreign
entity how do you determine what's the
value so in the in the context of a
campaign you would assume when you that
the thing of value is something that the
the voters will find out which could
change the election isn't that your
assumption now there could be other
things but for the most part your
standard assumption would be there's
something they know that if I release it
to the public it would be good for me
because my campaign will have an
advantage because of that information in
the public what value would you put on
that I'll tell you the value I would put
on it zero because if that foreign
entity wants that information to be in
the public they can do that without you
they can just go to the press so the
first thing that it I'm not hearing
anybody talk about is the fact that if a
campaign got something of value the
public would also hear it if not through
the campaign then through the entity
they gave it him because they wouldn't
give it to you to use in public unless
the whole point was to use it in public
so what is the value of secret
information that you'd know is going to
be shared with everybody because that's
what it's for
the secret information would have no
value if Trump was the only one who ever
heard it it only has value if it becomes
then later public so if I were an
economist and I said okay let's put a
put of value on this did he get
something of value when in fact it was
going to be free to everybody no matter
what because why else would they even be
offering it it must be something they
want to be out there let me ask you this
suppose suppose Russia knew let's say
they had some information and they
wanted to give it to Trump but they knew
that that wouldn't work because of this
campaign law that says they can't give
something of value to trump could Russia
just find some American just some
average American and just say hey
average American
we can't give this to a
but you can so we're gonna give it to
you average American and here's your's
Trump's email address or so yeah I guess
they wouldn't be that but they say
here's the information an average
American I can give it to you you're not
in the campaign and what you do with it
is up to you you can give it to the
press you can give it to a campaign you
can give it to the other campaign do
whatever you want so given that if you
were an economist and you were gonna put
a value on this information information
only has value if it can be private and
you can have some control over it
otherwise it's public information public
information you wouldn't put a value on
it to an individual and if you did you
know even though I would have more more
value to one than another could anybody
get in trouble for public information so
here's here's the more specific question
suppose a country let's pick Russia had
some information that they thought would
help one of the candidates and they
released it in public if they released
it in public
would it have the same benefit as if
they had given it to Trump or his
campaign and they released it it would
be exactly the same wouldn't it since
the entire point was to get it into the
public otherwise it doesn't affect the
election so would the Trump would the
Trump campaign be in trouble if Russia
simply made the information that they
alleged to have public without ever
talking to the campaign because it seems
to me that would be a very very exact
case of a crime it's a crime for a
campaign to slip and solicit solicit
sorry just back from the dentist and I
don't have the whole mouth working yet
so when it would it be a crime for a
campaign to accept something of value
from a foreign entity if the way they
accepted that value was the other
country released it to the public
because if you
release that information to the public
well you and I might arguably get some
benefit I suppose maybe not but the
campaign would get most of the benefit
are they not allowed to read the news if
there's something in in public so I feel
as though our media is completely
letting us down first by conflating
things such as how you would treat
Norway giving you some information with
how you would treat a citizen from
Russia who came in because they know
your friend versus Russian intelligence
those are three very different
situations and it seems to me the
president Trump was fully transparent
and said yeah I listened to her first
and then I decide anybody who disagrees
with that is inexperienced in the real
world as I said earlier in my earlier
periscope if somebody came to me and
said I've got this valuable information
for you can you meet with me it's
valuable information doesn't matter what
it's valuable to somebody's telling me
they have valuable information for me
but they can't tell me until they get in
a room with me do you know what I say of
that valuable information its BS I would
say that that is almost always say 95%
not true this is just somebody who wants
to get in a room with me how many times
if I had that exact situation to happen
a lot a lot when you're famous people
try to get in a room with you to pitch
whatever it is they want to pitch it's a
it's an entirely common situation for
somebody to say I got something really
valuable let me tell you god it's got to
be a private meeting then you go in the
meeting and you hear and you go I
already knew that or that's not really
very useful and then they say well why
are you here while you're here let me
pitch this other things and since we're
here anyway right
the most common thing in business Trump
and even probably Don jr. know
knows that how many times have they been
tricked into meetings that were not
exactly the way they were represented
it's a pretty common fact so
if absolutely makes sense to hear the
information first and then decide
whether you're going to bring the FBI in
it's the only way it makes sense
everybody who says it's it's obvious
it's common sense that you would do it
the other way why would you not listen
to information if you could because if
it's not true well you take it over the
FBI if it looks like something they care
about and if it is true you still want
to know it and then you kick it over to
the FBI so as long as you're genuine
about your your statement that you would
kick it over to the FBI if it was
something that mattered that's sort of
all that matters because there is not
really a world in which listening to
somebody talk could be illegal in a way
that a jury would convict you so that's
what's bothering me about this whole
story
is that there's such unclear thinking
about how information could be could be
illegal all right
but I guess it's good news that that's
the biggest story today except for Iran
let's talk about Iran so Pompeyo has
said that because of the the
sophistication of the Iranian sorry the
sophistication of the recent attacks on
shipping vessels that sophistication in
in the area that was in tells them that
it could only be Iran to which I say and
and then the presumed reason is that
Iran is putting pressure on the United
States without trying to be too overt
about it so they're putting pressure on
the United States to I don't know make a
better deal or something but here's the
thing
do you believe anything that comes out
of even our own government
I mean I'm unabated ministrations
supporter but even I don't believe this
news you know I'm willing I'm willing to
believe you know the administration on
you know directionally true on most
things but honestly I'm not saying this
false so I'm not gonna state this is not
true I'm not going to do that but I
think you have to look at a situation
like this and say it's no better than a
coin flip that they got the right the
right folks now is there any other
entity that could pull this off with
this level of sophistication because all
it was was some minds hatched to the
ship right is it that hard to get your
hands on some of those minds is it that
hard to attach it to where the ship and
there's there really nobody else in the
whole world who would like to see some
trouble over there I would say there are
too many people who could do this who
would like to see some trouble there are
too many bad actors so I would say don't
believe it for now but it might be
convenient for our government to act as
though they believe it because it puts
pressure on Iran and maybe that's the
play it could be that the play is simply
to act like we believe it's them because
it puts pressure on them and maybe that
looks like a good deal but I'm not gonna
say believe it yet now here's the thing
that looks suspicious if it had been if
that tanker had been compiled a 'test -
if they had been completely destroyed I
would say wow that sounds like you know
terrorist act Iranian sort of thing but
is it not suspicious that the damage was
not that bad or are you not are you not
suspicious of a mind that was above the
waterline you know maybe there's some
reason that's the only place they could
put it but it seems to me that if you
wanted to really take a ship out you
probably put that money
below the water line would you it feels
like especially because of a from Japan
was talking to Iran and he was there and
these ships had some goods for Japan and
nobody got hurt really nobody got hurt
and the Iranian Navy apparently rescued
him none of this quite fits it's a ram
now it doesn't rule a ran out so I'm not
gonna say they didn't do it a lot of bad
stuff happens over there people do dumb
things people do things that are so
clever I can't understand why they do
them so possible but I would say no more
than a coin flip 50-50 I'd give this one
and you would be wise to keep your
skepticism to hold it all their clothes
and by the way when Pompeo says that
given the complexity of it it seems to
point to a nation-state such as Iran how
complicated is it to attach a mine to a
ship does that complicate it I mean I
don't know it seems like all you need is
some kind of small vessel and you know
you kind of creep up to it and attach
one of those minds I can't believe that
in this world where you can buy any kind
of weapon you know if you're a country
or a terrorist group you can get a hold
of any kind of normal weapon
somebody's gonna sell it to you so it
shouldn't be that hard to get a mind it
shouldn't be that hard to find a vessel
that's you know getting this being
loaded it shouldn't be that hard to
attach it it just doesn't seem to me
like the explanation that it was too
complicated to be teres I don't know
feels like could have been a lot of
different people that's all I'm saying
all right I just wanted to pop on and
say those things but watch how muddled
and Yellin sort of irrational the
conversation is about the president
saying he would accept the information
before he decided
what to do oh I saved my best point for
last you ready for my best point this is
completely stolen bite from somebody on
Twitter whose name I forget so I feel
bad about it but this is not my original
idea and the thought was president Trump
is the boss of the FBI right President
Trump can decide what is classified and
what is not he is the great decider of
what information is private confidential
and what is not in this special case
where the person who's talking is the
President of the United States and the
FBI works for him in that special case
which is the case we're talking about is
it really a crime for the boss to get
the information before the boss's
employee first time you've heard that
right has anybody asked that question
besides me and I stole it from somebody
on Twitter so if you look at the tweets
I like you'll find out who did it wasn't
anybody that I knew yeah it seems to me
you know I'm no Alan Dershowitz but it
seems to be that the first person who
should see that information would be the
boss right now if he were in the
campaign he wouldn't be the boss but as
the president if we're talking about
let's say re-election he is the boss
here's here's the second point that's my
own suppose the information from this
other government implicated Hillary
Clinton and by extension wait for it
what if it implicated the FBI what if
the information that came from this
foreign intelligence source said that
the US intelligence services were dirty
and that they were doing something with
Clinton who should see that first the
people who have just been blamed as
being traitors
or their boss who knows he's not who do
you go to first if you don't know what
the information is you want to hear it
before you give it to the people who
might actually be implicated by the
information so who asks that question
yet
have you heard that question no now of
course I'm also accidentally conflating
so let me stop doing that
if if it's somebody in a campaign who is
not the boss of the FBI that's got to be
a different situation than someone who's
running for re-election and is the boss
of the FBI so Trump was speaking from
his current context it sounded to me and
in his current job he's the boss he does
get to see him first right because it
wasn't about him if the information was
about him you can imagine well you know
I'm I I've got self interest here you
know the conflict of interest or
something so you can imagine some
special case but if the information is
about his opponent he's the boss the
boss gets to see the information not
just first but anytime he wants anytime
she wants the boss is not precluded from
seeing the information that the
underlings have all right yeah and and
just in general I think it can't be
illegal to listen to stuff I just can't
imagine any but it would go to jail for
listening to stuff before they know it
has value all right those are a few
points I've now seen in the press maybe
someday we will but that's all I got to
talk about now I'll talk to you later