Oh papa hey everybody
good to see you Eric Andrew Jesse always
a pleasure
you're looking more attractive every day
all of you really I've noticed that as
the days go by the more you enjoy coffee
with Scott Adams and the simultaneous
air the better-looking and stronger you
get possibly smarter but definitely
sexier and better-looking
so before I'm blinded by your brilliance
and your sexiness let us have a little
thing I call the simultaneous if it's
the best part of your day you don't need
much to enjoy it all you need is a cup
of our glasses mr. Stein cellist anchor
thermos flask and team Grail goblet
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine hit that makes the rest of your
date great it's called the simultaneous
sip and you're about to do it now oh so
good so good do you remember the old
days when the news was sort of the news
was really oriented around the idea that
if it bleeds it leads and the idea was
that the news likes to focus on violence
because everybody is interested in
violence it's just automatically
interesting so that doesn't seem to be
the case anymore I feel as if we we
don't really get any reporting out of
the war zones so you don't have any you
know any bad news to Lightcap from war
zones because there are no reporters
there and the rest of the news is just
so much more fun I mean could could
today be any better let me give you an
example Michael Moore said in some
recent address that Bernie Sanders could
be him Michael Moore in a hundred meter
dash even after his heart attack I don't
even need to add the joke
I don't sometimes you don't need to add
the joke sometimes the joke is in the
setup but I'll add this I think it's the
perfect commercial for burning it could
be a campaign for his could be a dad for
his campaign and I'd like to see the ad
it would be you know show burning and
then it would say I'm healthier than
Michael Moore let's just go with that
I'm healthier than Michael Moore do you
know who else is healthier than Michael
Moore China everyone that's just one
country alright there's a lot of funny
stuff happening today so Matt Gaetz
congressman Matt Gaetz led a bunch of
well-dressed Congress people to the the
skiff to try to obstruct injustice I
guess and of course it's just an event
that's made for the cameras but
everybody everybody cooperates by acting
as though it's some kind of a more
serious thing than it is a really a
persuasion mechanism it's all I really
was but really good so as I often say
Matt Gaetz
is sort of the the strongest I would say
maybe just the strongest but certainly
the strongest of the younger generation
on the Republican side
AOC is still the the gold standard of
younger persuasive people on the left
but watching Matt Gaetz do this it's
super visual
it captured all the headlines it did we
have changed the narrative of the story
it was completely successful completely
successful so good work on that now III
hear some people trying to defend the
secrecy of the skiff process the way
it's being done for the Sham Beach meant
by the way that's the word of the day
it's impeachment but it's a sham
hashtag shy impeachment I want to see if
I can get that trending today so the
Sham Pietschmann
is being defended by people saying that
don't you understand there's a lawyer on
the on Twitter who put it this way I'm
paraphrasing but this is close enough
don't you understand
let me make this simple for you poor
poor moronic bastards do you not see
that the impeachment inquiry or whatever
they're calling it is really more like a
grand jury situation and those are meant
to be private so if it's similar to a
grand jury and grand juries are meant to
be private why can't this be private
well let me suggest one reason I don't
think you have grand jury you don't call
a grand jury simply for the purpose of
winning an election producing leaks and
fake news it's a perfect example of
loser think to use the analogy of a
grand jury to make your case and
persuade that therefore secrecy is okay
in this completely different context as
Byron York pointed out one of the
reasons that this gif impeachment
impeachment thing is different is that
the majority can just make it whatever
they want they can change the rules that
well as long as the majority and they
vote for it
so that's a basic difference but really
has to do with the purpose I don't think
anybody thinks that the purpose of this
at least nobody in politics thinks that
the purpose of this is anything about
politics you don't really call a grand
jury just to ruin the accused that's not
the point of a grand jury let's call a
grand jury to see if we can use the
grand jury to destroy the accused that's
pretty big difference so I have a
chapter in my book about why analogies
are terrible for persuasion and this is
a perfect example one of the things that
I recommend in my book loser think that
you can order right now is is how do how
to deal with things like mind reader's
online people who think they're reading
your mind and they can see it argument
in there that's different than the one
you're saying and so instead of debating
the argument you're presenting they
argue instead what they imagine you're
thinking so I've said that when you run
into that situation the bad analogies
and some other situations you should
just use your phone take a picture of
the page in my book and just post it
into your Twitter response when you're
debating somebody and then you'd have
the benefit of something from a book
that's you know I let's say a tightly
organized argument so I was trying that
this morning on some of my own critics
and one of the critics said Scott Scott
Scott you apologist paraphrasing here
you apologist can't you see the Trump is
ruining America in so many ways and I
said what would be an example of that
can you give me an example of how Trump
is ruining America and he came back with
a list of about ten things now I
anticipate that in my book it's the
laundry list persuasion people make
lists of ten things because they don't
have one thing that's a good argument
if you had one good argument would you
bother with the other nine no you
wouldn't
so the whole point of having a whole
list is to distract from the fact that
there's nothing on the list that's a
good point
there's no if you live to be a thousand
you'll never see somebody who has a
really good point
add nine things to it that aren't
important
they'll just stick with a good point
good point
done so I of course took a picture of my
book
the page that talks about that and post
it and I challenged the I also used a
technique from my book in which I
challenged my critic to pick his
strongest point say in the interest of
time what's your strongest point and
would you agree that if I debunk your
strongest point maybe you would rethink
your confidence of your own points that
are less strong than the one I just
debunked what do you think he did do you
think he said well that's an excellent
plan
here is the strongest point on my list
nope he did something else that I
predict in the book he devolved into
insisting that the only way to have this
conversation is to deal with all the
points on the list as though they're one
solid and he fought for it we I've been
going back and forth with him all
morning and God he fought for it he
fought to not pick one item from the
list to just say how about deal with
this one so I modified after it was
clear he would not pick out anything on
his list he thought was a good point
that they're all somehow equal or
additive or something yeah he's still
fighting I think he's still tweeting me
right now is that talking but you can
see the the advantage of making people
crazy by taking a picture of my book
just sending it to him and it's a good
technique I think you're gonna enjoy it
if you use it yourself alright here's my
question did you see
you the the Joe Biden thing is just so
funny all the time so did you see the
video compilation of all the times he
said in public he is incorrectly
pronounced the word exponentially as
exponentially with the real emphasis on
the dead that doesn't actually exist in
the word which is weird because his name
is Biden and he's added in a he's added
at half of his own last name to the word
exponentially so he calls it
exponentially so I clicked on the video
and I said to myself well you know how
many times has he said the same
misstatement once maybe did it twice
well turns out that for years he's been
saying exponentially in public and
apparently nobody loves him because
nobody's pointed out that that's not how
you pronounce exponentially so that was
hilarious because I really didn't
believe when I saw the first one that
there could be two of them and then the
second one plays and I'm thinking oh
that's funny
they found a second time that he said
this this word completely wrong and then
there was a third one and a fourth one
and a fifth one and the longer you watch
it the funnier it gets because you say
to yourself there can't be another one
this word of god there's no one there it
is there's another one but even funnier
than that was Biden did a little
campaign video in which he managed to
demonstrate everything that's wrong with
him in one video number one it was low
production so apparently it was just
somebody standing there with their phone
in this orientation not this orientation
that's right Joe Biden and his crack
staff made a video to play on the
internet in portrait instead of turning
aside Elise now that should be
disqualifying right there now I get that
maybe the candidate is not you know
steeped and had to create content and
maybe the candidate wouldn't know but
who was holding the phone was there
nobody on his trusted team who could say
um okay good good but just you know just
turn it this way because this way is
what smart people do when they're
creating video that will be replayed
everywhere on the internet if it's only
gonna be on Instagram sure yeah if it's
only gonna be on Instagram you could do
this well I think you wanted on Twitter
and I think you wanted on Facebook and I
think you want it on YouTube and you
want to be viral so do this do this
that's what a little hint and then of
course because it was just the sound
from a phone he's standing in front of
hard objects like a door and something
else and the sound is terrible she's got
terrible sound terrible video and then
he goes into his his message that's just
so weak I can't even remember it and
then he ends with a request for funding
and he starts his request you know
there's a visual there the shows you
could give $1 or $5 or $10 never start
negotiating with the lowest amount
you're willing to accept the dumbest
persuasion thing you could do is to say
I'm raising money gimme
how about $1 you know could be five
could be ten but if the first thing that
comes out of your mouth is how about $1
you've created an anchor in people's
mind the odds of somebody giving you
somebody who was going to donate anyway
the odds that they would say I guess he
doesn't need five or $10 you did mention
a $1 was good enough I think I'll give
him $1 so if you can't negotiate better
than that
starting with $1 that's my offer $1 do
you think in your wildest imagination
can you ever imagine Trump asking for
money and starting with $1 you can't
even imagine it you can't even imagine
it one of the things that is amusing me
greatly as I'm watching the election
process is that on one hand and Trump's
campaign you've got Brad parse Cal who
is creating the best campaign ads and
tweets that we've ever seen period I'm
gonna say that with complete confidence
normally this is the sort of statement
you'd want to hedge a little bit you'd
say something like well you know I
haven't seen every campaign ad but you
know these are really good I'm not doing
that I'm not gonna hedge what Brad parse
Cal is creating for Trump or by far by
far the best campaign ads you've ever
seen and even his tweets are the best
tweets you've seen from somebody who's
an operative for a campaign by far
there's nobody who's even close to that
league it's not like there's somebody
else in the league but they're playing
not well in the league there's nobody
even the league the Joe Biden had a
video taken of him standing against a
brown wall by somebody who had the phone
and the wrong orientation and didn't
think sound quality mattered or message
or persuasion or visuals or anything
anything
now how about Kamala Harris's video I
tweeted I tweeted that it's the worst
her video yesterday was the worst one
I've ever seen in any context in Apple
in the political context but in any kind
of a campaign and it showed her again it
was just somebody with a phone taking
pictures of her with very low energy
talking to a teacher who's sitting in a
chair and some students around and the
most unimpressive setting you can ever
be the second one I know of in which
he's just interacting with children
looking so non-presidential
look more like a teacher's assistant
whoever said let me take a video on my
phone of you acting like a teacher's
assistant and talking about the issue of
Internet access to rural communities
whoever told her that was a good idea
and by the way even the camera angle of
her is terrible it's like a sideways
slumpy poorly dressed image if you're
gonna make a campaign ad something
you're actually gonna tweet make sure
it's your good angle at the very least
don't have a bad picture of yourself low
energy on a topic that very few people
care about now before you jump on me yes
I do understand that internet access to
rural communities who don't have it is a
really important it's a very important
topic and she's not wrong for for
mentioning it as an important topic and
I would very much you know a hundred
percent agree that that's something that
needs to be fixed right away because
it's leaving a whole bunch of students
of all types just behind they can't
possibly compete if students don't have
access to the Internet they just can't
compete so yes it's a big topic but is
it a sexy topic is it a topic that gets
you the presidency it is not even though
it's terribly important it's just not
the kind of topic that excited here's
why who votes who is it who votes is it
people who already have the Internet or
people who don't mostly people have the
Internet so when she's talking about
this she's basically telling the people
who do vote to transfer their money to
people who don't because the people who
don't have the internet probably don't
even know who to vote for so you don't
have the internet I don't know you're
probably not voting either it's probably
not your highest priority so Camilla did
literally everything you can do wrong in
that campaign act from energy to message
to film to audio to setting
literally everything about it was the
worst you could do in that dimension
it was almost unbearably bad and I'll
tell you you don't realize how good
Trump's team is on the messaging and the
campaign stuff until you see the best
from the other side because remember
we're looking at their best work this is
their best work it's not even in the
league with the competition all right
now imagine if you saw the the Joe Biden
thing where he's just standing there
talking in front of the door
imagine President Trump or even
candidate Trump before that giving any
kind of a message there was so low
energy and lacking of anything
interesting you can't you can't even
imagine the Trump being uninteresting he
doesn't have that I don't think Trump
could be uninteresting if he tried to do
it intentionally because everybody would
say hey he's trying to be uninteresting
let's get it let's talk about that
here's some more funny news so
apparently the president either misspoke
or was misinterpreted I don't think it
matters but he said something about
building the wall and said that he was
building the wall on the border of
Colorado now Colorado does not have a
border with Mexico and so people said
what what let's make this a headline now
I don't know did the president miss
speak did he get his geography wrong I
think he tweeted a clarification saying
that what he meant to say is that like
Kansas who you also mentioned they they
benefit from the wall without actually
you know being a border country no this
is in the category for me of things that
I don't really care I don't really care
and to be consistent if a Democrat said
something that was you know missmiss
spoke about a state or forgot who the
forgot who the leader of a country
was or called somebody by the wrong name
or even said exponentially once I would
say that doesn't mean anything people if
you speak in public all the time you
miss speak all the time how many times
have you seen me miss speak a lot every
now and then I'll replay my periscopes
back just to kind of see what I'm doing
right doing wrong and I'll hear myself
miss speak and I'll go oh that was
entirely the wrong word I put in that
sentence it actually reversed its
meaning I do it all the time does it
mean I'm you know I Val's armours well I
don't know maybe maybe it does but I'm
pretty sure I would have done the same
thing at any age so so the president
talked about putting a wall around
Colorado he misspoke of course or where
he was misinterpreted we don't know
doesn't matter but on the same day
because the simulation is kind to us and
the simulation which I pray to oh dear
programmers of the simulation deliver to
us humorous news so that we might feast
upon the humorous goodness of your
generosity and sure enough the
simulation provided the very next day
the Trump misspoke and said he might
want to put a wall around Colorado we
hear the news that Colorado priests
sexually abused at least a hundred and
sixty six children over the past seventy
years and my media thought was we need
to put a wall around that state I don't
think I've ever had that thought before
it's literally the first day I've ever
had the thought maybe we should put a
wall around Colorado I don't want any of
that stuff getting out into my state so
the simulation has provided here's
something else the simulation will
provide are you ready for this when
somebody picks a vice prez
and what goes into that calculation well
of course they're picking somebody who
could who has some qualifications for
the job sometimes they're picking
somebody who has a geographic advantage
maybe they're from a state that you want
to weigh in there they're from the south
and you want to you want to pull in the
south something like that
but above even those considerations the
vice-president has to be somebody who is
less impressive than number one on the
ticket so if you look at Obama Obama's
choice of Biden was kind of perfect it
was a perfect choice because Biden I'm
sorry Obama whether you like him or
don't like him I think most of us would
agree he has charisma he's a music
superstar even if you hate everything he
did he's still a super summer so having
a superstar of Obama makes perfect sense
to get this sort of boring low energy
not too capable with Joe Biden who
people say yeah as an emergency spare I
suppose you know in the worst case
scenario something happens to a
president I guess we could put the spare
on and Limp to the to the big Oh tires
to get a proper tire on there yeah I
guess Joe Biden would be good enough for
that right but here's the fun part
Obama is the star Biden is the
low-energy you know empty version it was
perfect for a spare tire but what
happens when the spare tire runs for
president the spare tire has to pick a
vice president too let's think ahead
let's say Joe Biden gets the nomination
who does Joe Biden pick as his vice
president who is wait for it less
impressive than Joe Biden do you see it
[Laughter]
who in the world is going to take the
job of vice president when it's obvious
that that means
is that the world sees you as less
impressive than Joe Biden who is
literally decomposing in front of us I
mean he's got his eyes falling out his
teeth are falling out you can't remember
words I somebody's a Harris I don't
think so because even Harris looks
younger and more on the ball even though
she has the worst campaign I've ever
seen if she looks younger more vital
probably smarter I think she would look
like she should be the top of the ticket
that's a problem right so Biden has a
problem of vice-president dilution if
you are the vice president you still
have to pick somebody when you run who's
less impressive than you so your two
versions away from the guy who won Obama
now if you think I'm joking consider
Ronald Reagan who was Ronald Reagan's
vice president Bush Senior right Ronald
Reagan superstar Barack Obama superstar
Donald Trump superstar they have to pick
a vice president Trump picks Pence is
pence a good emergency spare perfectly
good perfectly good almost even if you
don't like pence if you're on the other
side politically you say to yourself
well he's experienced he knows all the
right people he knows how everything
works I don't like his views but you
know the country is not gonna fall apart
if he ended up being president for a
year or two good spare tire now look at
Reagan he picks bush bush senior was
Bush Senior a good spare tire perfect
did not have charisma was not a Ronald
Reagan how long did he last one term
because all it took was a charismatic
challenger Bill Clinton and suddenly the
water down and vice president who had to
pick his own water
vice president in Dan Quayle by the time
you get to Dan Quayle you're 2 levels
away from the superstar and that's the
team would you be just as confident if
George Bush senior had somehow left
office for whatever reason and Dan
Quayle took over hmm Dan Quayle isn't
the emergency spare Dan Quayle is the
emergency spare is broken too and you
have to get out and try to jog you know
10 miles to your destination so Biden
has the vice president problem there's
nobody he could pick who wouldn't look
like they should be at the top of the
ticket here's my prediction of how
things are gonna go
are you ready a version of this I've
said before but I'd like to update it
and make it a little bit crisper here's
what I think is gonna happen number one
Bernie's poll numbers will continue to
drop Elizabeth Warren will be the
benefactor that and she'll continue to
rise so far we probably agree right at
some point and this is the key part of
the prediction i think bernie is going
to say damn it it's obvious that I
cannot get the nomination but I would
like my ideas to go forward so if Bernie
decides that he's not gonna continue
because his poll numbers have shrunk and
it just doesn't look like he could get
the nomination what's the most
reasonable thing he would do he would
endorse whoever might have a chance of
winning and is the closest to him in
policies which is Warren so the most
likely sequence of events is Bernie's
numbers fall to the point where he says
I think you know this would be the right
time to make a graceful exit
I will endorse Warren and then he does
now what happens when Warren's numbers
get above Joe Biden's numbers even a
little bit and they stay there for a
while now we've seen some where they've
they've traded places depending on
whether you're looking at national Laura
or a battleground state or an early
early state
but let's say that Bernie leaving causes
Warren just to get above the Joe Biden
and just sort of stay that way what
happens to Biden's campaign funding well
it's already shrinking and he's already
you know a low fundraiser especially
being the front-runner so he probably
almost certainly I would say that Biden
will be starved of funds and that will
drive him an at the race and he and I
don't think it's obvious to me at this
point probably you too
I don't think there's a scenario in
which people simply go to Biden and say
you know I think you've lost the step
Joe for the good of the country
for the good of the party maybe you
should step aside it's obvious that
nobody's doing that now maybe somebody
tried and it didn't work
but far more likely there needs to be a
situation that sort of evolves and
somewhat of a natural way that would
cause Joe Biden to make his own decision
and the best way that would happen is
the money people will just starve him of
money and then he sort of has to drop
out he'll just say I'm leading in the
polls which is weird but nobody's giving
me money I guess I have to drop out now
there might also be a yeah you might say
is energy or something isn't where it
needs to be or something so you might
come up with some other reason but I
think the money is going to be the key
thing even if he gives a different
reason now what happens if warns at the
top and Joe Biden says I no more
campaign money or not enough I'm gonna
drop out - who does he endorse well
probably not Elizabeth Warren right
because Elizabeth Warren it wants to do
things that even Biden says is crazy I
don't know that he could make that kind
of a leap you know where I'm going so if
you get past the top three you're
starting to talk about Budaj edge and
Warren let's think about Budaj edge and
Warren and remember
or Warren I'm sorry Buddha judge and
Harris Connell Harris in my in my brain
I store a warrant and Harris in the same
bucket because they're sort of that the
same feeling kind of a name so I confuse
them all the time see I misspeak all the
time let's put a wall around Colorado so
let's say the party leaders start
looking at Kabul Harris seriously and
she seems to have some good connections
in the old Hillary Clinton Network etc
and they say to themselves what would be
our best package here's what the best
package would look like and by the way
let me also say I was watching Budaj
edge a little bit lately because he's
more interesting because his numbers are
going up he's good I'm gonna say that
Buddha judge is the best can I say this
yeah I think I could say this with some
confidence among the Democrats Buddha
judge is clearly the best campaigner so
anybody disagree with that it seems to
me that although he's you know he's
having trouble getting purchase I think
that mostly has to do with lack of name
recognition in the beginning and the
fact that he is a mayor of a smaller
City it doesn't seem to be that he has
the name recognition or resume that
people imagine as president but can you
imagine him as vice president
imagine this team calmly Harris at the
top and Pete Buddha judge as the vice
president think about it because you
would have on your team Buddha judges
brains because he's not willing to say
that ridiculous plans are worth trying
you know he's willing to do things that
he can afford that you know the country
can afford and I know he probably has
the most reasonable centrist opinions
but probably he's not ready he's not
seasoned enough in the in the public's
mind anyway he's now seasoned enough for
the top spot
but imagine him working as a team with
Harris because he corrects a lot of her
biggest problems III think that with a
little advice from Buddha judge assuming
that she was willing to take it he could
fix most of her big problems the same as
I could but she's not listening to me
of course it seems to be getting a lot
of super hearts at the moment for saying
this stuff so now imagine if you have a
package of of caramel Harris and Buddha
judge who votes for that package well
you got women so women is covered
alright so you get the Hillary Clinton
folks who just say you know it's time
for a woman you've got the people of
color you need that right if you don't
have if you don't have a black person at
the top of the ticket are you going to
get the same kind of energy that an
Obama could get now a calm below is you
know I
I'll call her a person of color because
she's has a more interesting ethnicity
but seems I think people would say well
you know that she's more like me than
somebody else so I think she would get
the the people of color I think she'd
get the women and then Buddha judge
probably would get something close to a
hundred percent of the gay votes do you
think there are people who would vote
for a Buddha judge who simply won't have
bothered to vote before you know it you
know it within the gay community you
know whatever that is 510 percent I
think you could increase that to 10 or
20% if you include family members of gay
people and that's the part you forget if
you said to yourself well how many
people are gonna vote for a Buddha judge
just because he's gay a lot a lot and
it's not just gonna be people who are
gay it's gonna be family members who say
you know I
my brother my cousin somebody I know is
gay and wouldn't the world be better for
my cousin my brother my friend if we had
a gay man in the White House
it would that's one of the reasons I
think it would be great to have a gay
president eventually whether it's now or
later so I think these smart people on
the Democrat side are gonna look at
their matchups and they're gonna say we
can't win on policies but maybe we can
win on identity and the best identity
package you could put together by far
would be Kamala Harris and Pete Buddha
judge now I don't think they could be
President Trump but they would be the
best competitors by far does anybody
have a different opinion here's the
problem with the Tulsi Gabbard she's
very popular with Republicans that's a
problem I just don't see the Democrats
picking the candidate who's the most
popular with Republicans but you've
probably had him into hell and you're
saying wait a minute Scott hold on if
you have a candidate that the Democrats
would vote for just because they're
Democrats and also a candidate that a
lot of Republicans would say huh you
finally have another Democrat I can vote
for I'm gonna go for it wouldn't that be
the strongest candidate you could ever
have well logically you'd say yes but I
don't think logic is going to rule the
day I think that a Democrat who says who
hears wait a minute are you telling me
the Dilber guy said some good things
about Tulsi wait wait did I just see a
tweet in which Don junior said some
positive things about Tulsi that's the
end of me that's the end of her because
she would be destroyed by association
now I am willing to change my opinion on
her as her if her poll numbers increase
I will I will modify my opinion
appropriately but at the moment it looks
like mushy she may be sort of captive
there now I've got a few
I've got some questions and I wrote them
down so that I would not forget them
here they are if we believe that Trump
loves Putin let's say you're a Democrat
and you believe that Trump loves Putin
how do you explain that Trump gave Putin
Syria if he loves Putin I can't think of
anything that would be worse for Russia
than having to take care of Syria
the thing that people forget because
when you talk about Russia it's easy to
imagine them as sort of our peer it's
like yeah there's United States and then
there's Russia you know superpowers with
big nuclear weapons and stuff and
Putin's always on the world stage just
like Trump is and so there's somehow
there's some kind of equivalence there
and there is some equivalence in terms
of let's say punching power
Russia Russia punches way above its
weight class but here's what they don't
have money
Russia is like a dot compared to the
United States wealth they don't have a
lot of money
and if you were to say hey should the
United States stay in Syria for forever
basically protecting a Kurdish homeland
or anything like that what's the first
thing you ask well can we afford it
no because we wasted a bunch of money on
Iraq and other places so probably even
the United States couldn't afford it how
hard would it be for Russia to afford a
continuous presence in Syria feels kind
of expensive to me so I'm not sure that
Putin is winning here there's a great
article I just read I think I tweeted it
if you want to read on it's just talking
about what the president Trump's
appearances strategy is and the Middle
East I thought this was a pretty good
tape I forget where was but if you look
at my Twitter feed you'll see the
article tweeted
and the idea was that President Trump
seems to have an implied strategy that
says that there are two priorities in
the Middle East
number one contain Iran true number two
protect Israel true that those two
things do seem like the primary
variables that Trump cares about now
apparently Jared Kushner has already
created a 50-page plan for Middle East
which he said the Palestinians might be
surprised how much they like it I don't
know what that means my guess is that
there's some kind of a deal in which the
Israelis would keep as much security
type control as they need well at the
same time the Palestinians get massive
investment and ability to improve their
their living style lifestyle so it's
something like that now I don't I don't
think anybody thinks that the odds are
good that any kind of peace deal in the
Middle East will work but you have to
appreciate the clarity of our work over
there you know container and protect our
ally Israel which tends to be those are
very related things because the biggest
threats against Israel tend to be funded
by Iran that's a very clean strategy
it's very clean I like that I'm not sure
I'd call it a strategy I just call it
priorities because I always make fun of
people saying that strategies exist
because strategy is only last until a
variable changes and it variables change
all the time the variables change all
the time so strategy is usually useless
you can have priorities but be open to
the fact that the variables change and
you might have to change your priorities
here's a interesting question that's
senator
oh yeah Senator John Cornyn asked on
Twitter about shifts a secret
impeachment the Sham Pietschmann as we
call it hashtag sham Pietschmann
he said senator says if the testimony is
so damning for Trump why not make it
public now this is the very clever tweet
because it's not as if everybody wasn't
talking about this topic and sort of the
way he's talking about it in the sense
that we've we've all been talking about
hey you why can't the Republicans you
know talk about it or why can't the
public see it I guess the Republicans
are part of the meetings so they do have
access to the base information but
they're not allowed to talk about it and
I thought this was really good framing
because the the Democrats I don't think
anybody trust them including the
Democrats themselves because we're in a
political season so I would I would
think that you know and this would be
true on both sides I would think that
even Republican voters don't completely
trust everything Republicans are saying
in an election season you know they
recognize hyperbole and you know
gamesmanship and things left out and
yeah that's part of persuasion right so
I don't think there's any Republican who
thinks Republicans are completely
credible on all you know claims in an
election season I don't think there's
any Democrat who thinks that everything
Democrats are doing is simply to follow
the law I don't think anybody believes
that their only objective is to get to
the truth nobody believes that right so
given that that even Democrats don't
believe their own team now I try to not
be a mind reader here I can't read their
minds but do you think it's reasonable
the Democrats are looking at all the
machinations of Nadler and everything
and they don't understand that it's at
least if not mostly if not entirely
political it's not really about getting
to the facts it's not really about
nobody's above the law I mean I think
everybody gets then it's not really that
it's a political process so given that
wouldn't it be strange to you that if
the testimony is so damning as
Gordon says if it's so damning wouldn't
the Democrats be fighting to make it
public because it's the best thing that
could possibly happen
they would get their damning information
and then make it public but instead
they're keeping your private and having
people talk about how bad it is if only
you could see it does that sound like
somebody who has the goods if you had
the goods would you do it this way
that's somebody in the comments is
saying I want to see not Nadler and
100-yard dash against Michael Moore I'd
pay to see that too so Gordon have that
great framing so congratulations on a
good persuasion there
it's the perfect question if it's so
damning against Trump
why don't want us to see it is it
because they love the rule of law so
much that they appreciate
confidentiality does anybody believe
that the reason the Democrats are not
telling us what's going on is because
they just love confidentiality it's the
leakiest group of people in the entire
world if they had anything we'd know
what it was
now I see people saying that Taylor's
testimony was so damning and you know
it's all over and that's the end of it
to which I said what how come I'm not
aware of it why is it that there are
people who are alive and citizens and
watching the same stuff I am claim that
there's some impeachable thing and this
guy Taylor has spoken out it and if you
saw it you'd say well that's impeachable
I don't even know what they're talking
about is it because I haven't seen the
right news I'm just not aware of this
impeachable stuff now as I've often said
before if somebody's new to my
periscopes the defense that the White
House is not using is the good one the
good defense is not to continually
conflate asking about CrowdStrike which
even his critics would agree was
a reasonable question because there's an
ongoing investigation but rather to say
it was also my job and it was a top
priority for the country to find out if
Biden's got any ukrainian ties we should
worry about because the public
information would suggest there's
something we ought to look at how is
that not the sitting presidents one of
his top priorities so the president
instead of running away from it or
trying to conflate it with the
CrowdStrike thing we're trying to just
label it as perfect or whatever he's
doing he's missing the most obvious play
I think maybe there's some lawyer who
would say Scott Scott Scott I don't
think you're saying that there's some
legal ramification if you did what you
say but I don't know what it is if you
make me president I'm going to say ah
yeah it was quid pro quo because it's my
job to make sure that we don't have
foreign interference people were
watching
I had witnesses when I did it I gave me
the transcript I told you I did it and
it's your top priority to make sure that
there's no interference that's your top
priority and it's mine too but don't
complain when I'm pursuing your top
priority I'm making sure that the
there's no foreign interference if but
should let's say should Biden get
elected all right uh here's my other
question that I tweeted too much
retweeting if Russia wanted to harm the
United States meaning basically decrease
our power make us less effective make us
struggle in some way so that they would
be relatively advantaged in the Power
Balance do you think that they'd be
promoting tulsi gabbard
there's not the way they would play it
do you think they're over there saying
yeah we'll pick somebody who is near the
bottom of the list and we will try to
promote that person is that your best
play now I understand that there may be
the play is to get her to run there's a
third party and ruin things or something
but does that seem likely enough that
that's a serious play is there somebody
in Russia who says I think tulsi gabbard
is a good candidate to mount a third
party challenge there's nobody in the
United States who thinks that is there
is there anybody who's let's say in the
pundit class who legitimately believes
that Tulsi Gabbard would mount a third
party campaign I don't think so so
here's my question wouldn't the obvious
play if you were Russia let's say you're
Putin and you intend to mess with the
United States and make us weaker
wouldn't you support Elizabeth Warren
that's a serious question isn't that the
obvious play because Elizabeth Warren is
suggesting big radical changes that
would put the economy at risk and if
you're if you happen to be Russia you
want the person who wants the the least
fighting overseas and I think Warren is
pretty you know peace oriented similar
to Trump but a different style but she
also wants to make major changes to the
entire economy
don't you think Putin would love the
United States to make major changes to
its economy I can't think of anything
that Russia would like more than the
United States making major changes to
its economy because maybe those changes
are good but probably not probably not
in terms of GDP probably not it might be
good for the citizens that's that would
be Warren's argument it might be good
for an entire class of people who would
otherwise be greatly disadvantaged but
who doesn't care about that he cares
about our GDP I think he'd like it to be
lower which one gives you the lower GDP
Elizabeth Warren or Trump that's a
no-brainer right if you're Putin are you
saying to yourself huh
Elizabeth Warren or Trump Elizabeth
Warren or Trump you know I think
Elizabeth Warren would really make the
stockmarket
zoom
literally nobody thinks that Wall Street
is panicked about the possibility now
somebody says Bernie well Bernie would
be a good choice for Russia if he also
had a good chance of getting elected
well I would think I would think that
Elizabeth Warren would be the top choice
so I wondered about that
so aoc did some awkward questioning of
Mark Zuckerberg and if you watched the
video it's just sort of cringy she's
just it I felt like it was a seal hunter
just clubbing a baby harp seal that
couldn't defend itself it's like and
that the baby harp seal was just like my
talking points by talking points so I I
have this observation about Zuckerberg
and I can't make a decision here so
maybe you can tell me I couldn't decide
if Zuckerberg Berg did a good job or a
bad job in responding to Congress's
interrogation and here's why it's
confusing if you watched his answers you
probably thought to yourself almost
every time oh man you're sticking to
your talking points you're not really
answering the question you look awkward
and uncomfortable it doesn't look like
you're nailing it so that's that's one
point of view but there is something
that Zuckerberg does as well as I've
ever seen anybody do it and that is
sticking to what he wants to say and
avoiding you know an emotional thing
that maybe would create a viral video
and avoiding answering a direct question
which is only designed to get him on
record in an embarrassing way so I have
mixed feelings I think maybe he nailed
it
but it's hard to it's hard to score it I
think he nailed it because he said
nothing that was interesting which I
would guess yeah it's media training
I've talked about that before if you
take training how do
talk to the media and had to do what
Zuckerberg was doing in the public they
will teach you not to answer the
question because the questions are traps
and you just use those questions to
restate your point of view you're
talking points and he did that really
well he's very disciplined he's smart
he's disciplined the talking points were
good enough I think maybe he's succeeded
that's my take the funniest part was was
it remind me who who was that who asked
Zuckerberg I think it was somebody else
not a or C who asked him if he was aware
of how many LGBTQ employees are working
at Facebook or working on something at
Facebook and and Zuckerberg said he
didn't know there was Al Green and I
thought to myself I better I better be
prepared for this question because I I
employ people now and then and I thought
how I better collect that information
from any future or current employees to
find out if they're LGBTQ because what
if I get called into Congress and I have
to have to speak to it and I thought
well it's probably illegal to ask isn't
it I mean is it legal to ask your
employee hey you know by the way are you
gay
is that even legal yeah I don't know how
that works because I think some of these
things get tracked by the government but
I can't imagine that would be legal so I
was trying to think well how can I
determine if I have LG deep LGBTQ
employees without asking because that
seems illegal and I came up with this
idea if it's somebody who identifies as
male I would ask them to have sex with
me if they say yes I would say ha okay I
take out my clipboard let's say
identifies as male agreed to have sex
with me checkmark
I have I have one statistic and then I
would go to the employees who identify
as female and I would say them would you
like to have sex with me
now if the woman says no I pick up my
clipboard
I'd say lesbian now it'd be a little
harder with identifying the bisexuals
and transgenders so I'd have to I need
to work on that a little bit more but I
think those two questions would give me
all the data I needed now or you could
be indirect about it instead of asking
somebody's sexual orientation you could
ask questions in the general field and
then try to deduce it and then maybe
that would work for example if somebody
who identified as a man or even a woman
I guess it works either way you could
say it's just making conversation
that was the weather today oh good good
nice sunny you know I was just wondering
a bob have you ever had any part of
another man in your mouth or in any part
of your body has any part of another man
been in any part of your body now you
have to be careful here because you
might be talking to someone who was a
doctor a proctologist for example or a
cannibal
you know you might accidentally be
talking to a cannibal and they say oh
yeah I've had I've had male body parts
in me well let me tell you everybody
dinner so you have to be careful you
know that you don't have a proctologist
or a cannibal but otherwise I think that
question would get to the bottom of it
by the way if you're new to these
periscopes I'm super Pro gay gay or the
better and by the way I mean that
totally seriously here's something you
never hear are you ready for this here's
an opinion you've never heard gosh that
neighborhood went to hell because of all
the gay people who live there you've
never heard that
is there anybody who ever said gosh
there's gay people in the neighborhood
there go our property values not ever
never will happen so I'm super Pro gay
super Pro LGBTQ I'm your best friend but
funny is funny alright so what else we
got here is anything else funny
happening oh so I told you the other day
Joel Stein who is a very good writer one
of the funniest writers in America used
to write for Time magazine he had that
funny article in the back of Time
magazine for years he's written a number
of books and his latest book about the
elites in in defense of elitism has a
chapter about me and I think I'm
actually in a few of the different
chapters and one of the humorous
anecdotes that he pulled out of our
interaction is he asked me if I thought
I could be Secretary of State so he
asked me if I thought I would be
qualified to be Secretary of State and I
answered unambiguously no and he was
relieved at that because he was worried
that I might think that with no
experience I could just become Secretary
of State but then I explained longer
that it's because I don't have a good
memory for leaders names and I don't
have the stamina to do all that
international travel I don't like I
don't like the time zones and this feels
like a lot of work so no I couldn't do
the travel and I couldn't remember the
leaders names so I would not be
qualified to be Secretary of State
at which point Joel humorously and
cleverly points out that that was not
why he was expecting as the reason I
thought I was unqualified now let me ask
you this was Rex Tillerson qualified to
be Secretary of State I don't think so
and turns out he didn't last is Mike
Pompeo when he first took the job was he
qualified to be Secretary of State
I doubt it I mean he had a good resume
that was very appropriate you know use
closer than most people yeah if you've
been CIA you've been in Congress but I
don't think unless you do the job
I don't think unless you do the job
you're qualified right do you become
qualified for a job by doing an
unrelated job just because you've heard
the names of world leaders or something
I don't think so I feel quite strongly
that experience is overrated in a lot of
domains and the government's probably
the main one so yes I believe if I had a
memory for names and I wanted to do it
and I didn't mind all the travel I could
totally be a Secretary of State and I
don't mean because I'm so awesome I
think there are a lot of you who are
watching this periscope you know maybe
not a lot as a percentage but there are
probably quite a few people on this
periscope maybe a hundred of you who if
you were given the job of Secretary of
State you could probably work it out it
would probably be fine
what else we have going on here I think
those were all the funny things so it's
all about the impeachment today keep
watching
how are the California fires well
apparently my power is gonna go out
again
actually my power didn't go out the
first last time they threatened to turn
off the power in California but it might
the next time I don't know it depends
where the fire is I think that's the
where the wind is and where the where
the fire risks are that's so I guess
Snowden appeared on Joe Rogan show but I
haven't listened to it yet and I plan to
when I get a good piece of time Oh
Toto's come Biden so Joe Biden he tries
to start this sub campaign within his
campaign called todos con Biden so it
was aimed at Hispanic voters
and it was supposed to make him one of
them and and telling them how to get on
board supporting Biden but he did not
have the good sense to capture the the
URL so he comes up with a tagline but he
doesn't get the URL so guess what
happened it took about a minute and a
half for somebody probably associated
with Brad parts Kelvin and the campaign
to grab the domain create a page to mock
Joe Biden and it's merciless and there's
also a Twitter account which is you know
tweeting all the the bad Joe Biden stuff
that also uses the same you know this is
the same name as the URL and I thought
to myself even that is a higher quality
campaign move than anything we've seen
anything from the entire Democratic
field and it even made me wonder if the
campaign didn't which is my assumption
I'm assuming somebody that Brad parse
Cal works with or or his actual team
probably did it because they would have
the fastest reaction at the highest
quality of production and it was a
really high-quality production that
their takeover of the URL and the
Twitter feed looks really clean I mean
it's got it's just got all the things to
make it look legitimate
while it's obviously not but here's the
other observation they had now see if
you agree with me
there are Trump voters and supporters
who have nothing to do with the campaign
who make better campaign ads than the
entire Democratic field and what I mean
is on any given day you know something
wicked or carpe dump them or or you know
Jack poo Sabich Mike Tsarevich you know
you could probably come up with 15 names
of Trump supporters who on a regular
basis create better campaign content
and even just for fun you know they're
not even doing it intentionally that is
a far higher quality than what they're
professionals working on the the
Democratic campaigns were producing just
far better it's not even close and those
are just voters forget about the actual
campaign which is like that you know the
nuclear arsenal of you know good
persuasion just regular voters are
better than the entire professional
field never seen that before all right
that's all I got for now and I will talk
to you later