pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom well we got all kinds of
good news and good ideas today it's a
sunny day here in California I hope it's
just as nice where you are and do you
know what makes your day even better yes
I think you do it's coffee
it's coffee with Scott Adams it's a
simultaneous sip it's time for
simultaneous it so today what I'm gonna
do is I'm going to teach you how to
solve the whole immigration everything
problem all at the same time and solve a
bunch of other problems also at the same
time now let me frame this for you this
way what you're gonna see is a
whiteboard presentation in a moment in
which I'm going to show you how the
government could get out of this
deadlock where they can't solve anything
about anything so that's where we are a
lot of domestic issues immigration etc
we're kind of deadlocked and we can't
get out of it so I'm going to teach you
the techniques for getting out of this
kind of a deadlock now that doesn't mean
my ideas for what I'm going to tell you
are really the ideas that we should do
so that's not really the point of today
the point of today is to teach you a
negotiating persuasion set of strategies
that you use in this situation doesn't
mean they'll work doesn't mean I know
what's going to happen with immigration
but I'll tell you the strategies that
will be useful no matter what you're
dealing with in the future let's start
with what the current strategies are so
you've got the Democrats saying don't
separate the families and you're all a
bunch of racists if you try to do
anything to tighten border security
now that the Democrats have a super
persuasive stand they've got families
they've got babies being ripped from
mothers you know how do you beat that
really they've got they've got the the
racism charge against the Republicans
how do you beat that so the Democrats
have pretty much a full house but it
gets better the Democrats win if
immigration is not solved because it's
this big problem they can the partly pin
on the Republicans now some would argue
oh wait a minute the polling seems to
suggest that the president has some
advantages here in the argument I'm not
sure that makes any difference
because the the least the people in
Congress think that they've got a great
issue so they don't want to solve it
because it's a great issue now if it
were solved and let's say that solution
caused you know more immigration of
folks from South America and Mexico the
Democrats say that's even better because
they're gonna vote you know if we get
doc and everything all these new people
are going to vote our way so the
Democrats win by getting more votes if
they don't do anything and the Democrats
win if they do something and get get a
path to citizenship a path to voting so
the Democrats have a full house and no
reason to really do anything but if
something is done it's going to be
something in their favor so what's that
leave the Republicans even with a
majority they don't have enough of a
majority to get anything done because
they've got some you know internal
dissension so what do you do when you're
in a total deadlock and the parties
don't even have a reason to solve it
they have almost as much reason to not
solve it here are the techniques for
getting yourself outta this kind of a
jam we're going to go to
the whiteboard now some of these
techniques you've seen before so there
won't be a total surprise but I'm going
to show you how they work in this
context so here are the tools you want
to be looking at adding variables to the
situation because if you have more
variables you just have more things to
work with more things to negotiate shake
the box this is the president Trump
special where you just say this
situation is no good let me shake the
box we'll see what happens yeah nope
still doesn't work
shake that box a little bit more so the
shake the box method is going to come in
handy here we're going to figure out how
to make it a win-win as opposed to
somebody wins and somebody loses because
we'll never get anywhere with the
win-loss model of negotiating and then
my favorite is the hard to measure
variable you want a solution in which
it's going to be a little bit hard to
know who won a little bit hard to know
how it's all going to fold out but
everybody can still spin it in a way
that looks like their side won all right
so that's what gives you the win win so
here's the general idea you've got a
bunch of immigration problems that
mostly have to do with the Latino
Hispanic community so most of the
immigration problems not all of course
but the the stuff has the energy is
about stuff about people from south of
the American border I say one way to
solve this conceptually again I'm not
trying to actually solve this this is
more conceptual is to combine a few
extra things throw some variables in
there and here's the most productive
variables you could throw in there
something to do there's something that
would be directly beneficial to the
black community in the United States why
do that you might ask well here's the
problem the way the Republicans have
framed and this is President Trump have
framed their defense you know their
their alternative narrative to the
Democrats is that the Democrats have
these super persuasive things on their
side separating families sounds bad you
know don't be a racist that's like super
powerful stuff so what are the
Republicans have that has equal
persuasive wait
well what they've gone with so far is a
completely bad approach which is you saw
last night I think you saw the president
doing an event for angel families now
death and safety are really high
emotional things and therefore that
seems like okay they've they've matched
them emotion for emotion
you got charges of racism and and
children being separated over here but
over here it's like oh they're coming in
and killing our people what's wrong with
that everything because here's the thing
I don't believe that Republic the
average Republican is a racist because I
spend tons of time you know interacting
with them I'm not one but I spend so
much time interacting with them it would
be kind of obvious if the average
Republican were a big ol racist and was
thinking that way about the border so as
soon as you say our defense is that
immigrants are coming in with crime and
killing people you've just played right
into the racist frame because the
implication even if you don't mean it
this way is that there's a little extra
ray penis a little extra killing a
little extra crime coming from south of
the border the problem is that the
statistics don't back that up in a way
that at least in a way that the whole
public is going to agree the statistics
and you can fact check me on this but in
a way it doesn't matter the the facts
the facts doesn't actually matter in
this case the the counter-argument is
that the people coming in illegally
actually have a lower crime
than the people who are already here so
as long as that's true that they're not
really bringing in more average crime it
just looks kind of racist
now again I'm now saying that
Republicans are racist I'm not saying
that the reason for their using the
crime argument is racism it seems to me
that the reason they use it is because
it's so emotional crime it just it just
makes you get in this fearful I got to
do something to get rid of this crime
mode so although on one level it makes
sense because of the emotional impact of
the crime that's coming in it just
doesn't sound convincing and it plays
into the racism stereotype so it's a
failing frame here's the frame that
would work better economics so get rid
of the whole crime argument it's a loser
you know crime is important you have to
deal with crime right but as an argument
for immigration to get something
negotiated it's a total loser
so instead you change the argument you
reframe it to economics soon as soon as
you reframe it into economics you have
more variables you can shake the box you
can find a way everybody wins and you
can crave some hard to measure standards
so you've gotten all of the important
things by including but by reframing the
immigration thing as a jobs economy
thing as soon as you framed it then you
can throw into it some other impossible
to solve but we want to solve problems
they have a lot of impact for the black
community in particular but they're all
the things that also have a jobs element
to them so looking this daca that has a
jobs element to it right people want to
work here how many people are in the
country do we need more workers just do
you personalize it what's it do for the
economy well it'd be better for the
economy if we just get this offer off
our plate make sure we know how many
workers we have it's
you want to build the wall you want
family safety that's the separation of
the the people prison reform that Jared
Kushner already has plans drawn up for
prison reform but can't get enough
support apparently so apparently he
needs more support there's that list of
how to deal with pardons and commute
entance --is that the NFL put together
which is also jobs right because if you
do prison reform and if you start
pardoning people your or commuting
sentences there are more workers that
need to be trained they're available
they're available to do stuff so these
all have direct or indirect impact on
economics sentencing reform with
legalization again if people are in jail
they can't work if they're Anna jail
that are available for the work force
police reforms you saw that Hawk Newsom
had a number of good ideas and I'll just
I'll just stick with the easy ones that
Republicans shouldn't hate an easy one
would be funding more body cams for
police departments that don't have
enough and need them because if you have
body cams you're about 75% of the way to
having a safer situation there are also
some rules changes that Hawk Newsom has
suggested I'll just give you one example
that right now if a if a if a suspect is
in custody and complains that they need
medical care right now it's not
automatic that they get it the police
officers used some judgment there may be
a better rule for that in which the
police don't have to use medical
judgment they just automatically say all
right we'll get you some medical
attention there might be a way to deal
with that then I'm just throwing this
idea out myself if you want to de
personalize immigration you might want
to connect it to some kind of employment
figures and this is how you turn it into
an economic story you say the the total
level of immigration whether you've got
whether you've got a merit-based or
lottery and
obviously the lottery versus merit-based
should be on this list as well but you
could tie your immigration total levels
your net levels with employment data so
you could say look we're just going to
personalize this if if we need lots of
workers will have more immigration and
as employment fluctuates so will the
number of people we let in because it's
all going to be about economics
now you might say to yourself gosh
you've made this so complicated now that
we can't even tell who wins like suppose
all this got passed as some kind of a
big economics employment job package
could you even tell did the Democrats
win or did the Republicans win because
the Democrats would get a bunch of stuff
that might make the Hispanic and Latino
voters happy because they might get some
immigration stuff they like but at the
same time the Republicans would have
delivered on a whole bunch of things
that the black community wants so you
might see a situation where the the
Democrats are picking up Latino Hispanic
votes where the Republicans are starting
to peel off some some of the black vote
that traditionally had been in the
Democratic Party but who gets more is
there any way you could tell who comes
on ahead I don't think you could you
wouldn't know who won did the Democrats
win did the Republicans win can't tell
that's perfect
because if you can't tell everybody
claims a win and everybody says yeah my
preferred way of measuring this shows
that we really came out ahead vote for
us so if you want to break the log jam
add some variables which I did shake the
Box the shakes it pretty bad create a
situation where you don't have a winner
and loser situation and make sure that
your results are hard to measure but or
directionally you know where everybody
wants them so if you combine the
immigration issues with job issues
with other reforms that would be
especially popular with the black
community you created a situation where
you can get a big comprehensive jobs
economic solution and you can
depersonalized uh f-- what the
republicans have done and i think it's a
huge mistake strategically is they've
personalized it it's about mom and a
child you don't want to be on the wrong
side of that right and even though the
republicans are actually for the most
part on the right side of that nobody
wants to separate parents from kids
because it's been framed that there are
two sides and the republicans on the
wrong side they just can't win that and
the other thing you can't win is people
coming from coming over the border are
bad people and they're gonna have more
crime first of all doesn't seem to be
true and second of all it just sounds
racist even if you don't mean it that
way so if you try it to be the not
racist party maybe you stop doing things
that are so obviously racist or look
racist or it can be framed racist if you
want to get to the next place so this is
my suggestion and again i always I
always caution you that this is not
about truth so much truth is good facts
are good but they're not persuasive so
sometimes you have to take a little you
know a little break from strictly being
factual if you need to get to the next
level for the benefit of everybody all
right but what about the media well this
would be media friendly as well because
what it would do is give the media so
much to talk about and a lot of it they
would like that it would be hard even
for the media to figure out who is
winning and losing and that's part of
the benefit of it you know you can't you
don't want it negotiated situate or
whereas just obvious who's winning and
it's obvious who's losing because you
can never get to the finish line that
way you need to make it less obvious
who's winning and who's losing so
everybody can say they won now where
have you seen this technique before
North Korea what was it that made North
Korea go from impossible to self - hey
this looks like it's moving in the right
direction
they added variables the president added
more pressure that was a new variable
even though it was you know an existing
variable but there was more of it but
the biggest thing was they started
talking about reunification as soon as
reunification of the Korean Peninsula
was on the table suddenly everything
became easier because who believes that
North Korea wants to bomb their own
country it doesn't even make sense
anymore
so adding variables can change the whole
mix of things and you saw it in North
Korea and you could see it in other
domains and this is one jobs for those
pardon yeah so the reason that it's all
it's all the big jobs bill is because it
would it would be getting people out of
prison and they would need jobs so
that's all it would all be in the mix
all right
how much how much of this made sense to
you let me let me get a little feedback
here so so you saw the the concept and
you don't forget about the fact oh let
me let me add to this you've got a lot
of people running for re-election and
they don't want to say I voted for
something unpopular but by putting it in
a big package it allows everybody to say
yeah I voted for a big package that has
some parts I don't like well look at all
the stuff I got I got all this stuff and
yeah I had to hold my nose and vote for
a couple things you know and accept a
few things that are in it so it allows
everybody a free pass with their voters
because they would get enough stuff that
the stuff they didn't get or didn't like
wouldn't be overwhelming you know it's
funny I I see I see a lot of
tentativeness in your comments about
this because this is pretty radical
right it's radical in the sense that
it's the first time you've you've seen
it somebody said omnibus logic yeah in a
way it's omnibus but what it's really
trying to do is just repackage from
violence and families and and emotional
stuff over to economics where everybody
can win and it's just less emotion and
more ways to to get it there
mm-hmm all right I'm just looking at
your comments by the way
so I've getting more positive comments
than negative so and I remind you that
you know once I got into the details
here
it looked again like I was suggesting a
specific approach but this is more about
teaching you the general concepts that
if you're stuck you got to shake the
backs add some variables make sure
everybody has a story in which they win
and some ambiguity about how to measure
things otherwise people can't all claim
a win all right I think I might keep it
short and keep it on this topic today if
I come back I'll come back with another
topic but let's keep this short and
sweet and I will talk to you again
sometime