[Music]
well I'm here a little bit early today
because I wanted to do something
special I want to do a
demonstration of false memory public
false memory this might be kind of
freaky to some of you good morning good
morning but before I get into that we'll
need some volunteers so I'm going to
Tweet this in a moment while you're
while you're waiting
so this should this Periscope should be
appearing on my Twitter feed right now
and I want to make sure I get some
people
uh here so let me tweet
it retweet it with a
comment
come come test
your false
memory about the
find people hoax just bear with me this
will be worth it find people
Hox with a trained
hypnotist all right
so all right so I've tweeted that so I
should be able to get some volunteers
so what I'm looking for is people who
believe that President Trump called the
uh the racist in Charlottesville fine
people but before we get to that so if
if you uh if you believe that you saw or
heard the news that President Trump
called the neo-nazis and the racist fine
people if you have a memory of that then
I want to talk to you so sign up to be a
guest
uh on this Periscope just select the
choice to be a guest and then I will
choose you and we will talk about your
false
memories now uh before we do that don't
you want to have the simultaneous hip
yes you
do raise your your glass your mug your
cup your chalice your Stein your thermos
it's time for the simultaneous zp
oh I think we've got a
hit somebody named Trump is racist as
hell this should be
good I don't know if this is a real
account but let's see what pull out my
microphone we're going to add a
guest and
guest can you hear me guest
you do remember it clear's day but did
you see the whole quote or did you see
only a partial
quote no oh did you run away don't run
away
oh so you don't you don't believe that
charless
fil
yeah hold on hold on hold on they're
they're telling me that I can't hear you
so I'm going to have to
click all right can you hear
me so the guest is gone let's try
another guest if we can get one so that
guest was not a real guest uh he was
pretending to be an
anti-trumper who just made a fake
account just to uh to do that um we
should try one more
guest to see if anybody is a taker so so
here's the
challenge uh I only want you to come on
if you believe that the president called
racist fine people in
Charlottesville so I'm going to ask
Cameron on but Cameron if that's not
what you're here for it's going to be a
quick call but we'll also see if we can
hear
you Cameron K Cameron went away okay so
is there so we've got over a thousand
people is is there no one here oh
Cameron is back let's try you
again Cameron Cameron are you
there and I don't know yet I don't know
yet if the audience can hear you we had
some uh audience problem
before uh looks like they can can hear
you but nothing say something uh
Cameron good morning Scott and a can you
hear
me so audience can you hear the
guests there's nothing I can do to fix
this if you can't hear it because
there's just one BT Seether on or off
all right all right it would be can't
hear now this is very I could hear you
on previous periscopes and hear the
guest fine so it's it's a little odd
they can't hear me on this one some some
people see they say they can't hear you
all right so some of them might be pring
so um Cameron did do you have a memory
of the president we all saw it were I
mean I saw CNN they played the
clip yes I do and I also have a memory
of that press conference he did with
Elaine Shia with him in Trump Tower and
I I thought his his repudiation of it
was a little weak at the time you know
people asked him
um do you denounce this and he said uh
yes I I condemn and that was kind of it
so did did you hear this part of the
quote so at the same time that he
said the the quote that you do remember
damn it he said
uh excuse me excuse me he was talking
about the statues and stuff he said you
had people in that
group uh
uh but you also had people that were
very fine people on both sides that's
what you heard right they were very very
fine people on both sides that's right
the same time he said that he also said
right after that I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and the white nationalists
because they should be condemned
totally did you hear him say that it was
said at the same time it was basically a
few sentences
later yeah I I did and by the way he was
unprompted he was unprompted for that so
he was without being asked he clarified
just to make sure that nobody would
believe that he said that the Nazis were
fine people is that the way you
remembered it that he said I'm excluding
them
specifically I I did remember I want to
give a quick shout out to my friend Adam
schmutter who's asking who's watching by
the way but um yeah Scott do do you do
you have a false memory of that event I
actually I actually did and I'll tell
you um Mr Adams that really you were the
first person one of the first pundits I
ever heard that that really clarified
that he was talking about the statues
before I had heard you I think it was on
Fox and Friends talk about that I I had
really thought that oh my gosh you know
it took him too long to condemn it um he
must really believe this that it's uh
that he he's okay with the white
supremacist because they're his base
like I I really thought it that was the
case until you clarified the statute
debate now once you hear that that one
of the biggest stories of the past two
years once you hear that that never
happened and that it's easy to show it
never happened because you just have to
show what he said and what he said was
on
video it was reported but it's easy to
compare that they they cut off the part
where he made sure that there was no
question he wasn't talking about the
Nazis right and Scott I'm a big fan of
yours and um I worked for uh President
Obama and um you know usually in the
straight ticket Democrat when it comes
to these things and I'll tell you even
though your your argument logically made
so much sense um and I I still had my
doubts about it until I saw people
posting the actual quote on
Twitter and then finally when I read the
quote on Twitter I think some of my
cognitive dissonance was going away but
um you know it's still a challenge it
still comes back from time to time do
doesn't that uh doesn't that make you
feel that you can't believe anything
else you
saw yes absolutely including video and
photographs I can't believe it right
including video that's exactly right all
right thank thank you Cameron thank you
very much Scott an honor to speak with
you all right thank
you all right we'll see if anybody else
wants to come we've got uh well no we've
got the same Joker from
before don't want to take the Joker um
so if anybody else would like to come on
and talk about your false
memories
um by the way the the false memory of a
national event is fairly common I don't
know if you know that it's a Well
documented phenomenon uh you could find
lots of cases where people have very
clear memories of historical events that
happened in their
lifetime that never happened it's it's
really really common and if you don't
understand how common that is you don't
really understand the the world you live
in until you realize that you can have
memories very clear memories of things
that didn't happen and you could even
share those memories with other people
could be multiple other people who think
they have a memory of a historical event
in their own lifetime something they
believe they saw something they believe
they were uh part
of so we've got a taker let's see if we
can add this
guest guest are you
there
hi
sorry so um I understand how we always
forget how we always have
um this this cognitive dissidence when
it comes to reality we always see how we
want to see the current wait now guest
are are did you believe that the
president said the racists were fine
people in
Charlottesville what I think he said was
just that there were fine people on both
sides and I think that was that
specifically was a
false equivalency find people on both
sides I mean I don't think hold on hold
on hold on but but do you also know that
at the same time he said that a few
sentences later and without any
prompting he said the following and I'm
reading his quote I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and the white nationalists
because they should be condemned totally
now is that sentence very clear to you
that he was not making any equivalents
about Nazis and fine people but the
question is who were the people at
Charlottesville who were the people that
he spoke of so according to the New York
Times there were people there who were
just there to uh protest the statue
removal who were sort of free speech
historical preserver type people that
were not in any way associated with the
racists and condemned them now now
there's also a video of some of those
people talking about the event
immediately after uh and they have
there's a black person in the group and
they're saying we came here just to
protest the Free Speech element we have
nothing to do with these Nazis um so do
you would you agree that the New York
Times and the video of people who are
actually at the event were real
people I will agree that the people who
came there legitimately to protest the
monument were in the minority and that
the objective of the protest especially
when something so akin to what I felt
was like
Crystal you know with all the uh torches
I'll be it tiki
torches that to say that they were that
the intent of Charlottesville was
to protest the monument was not it it
was to wait was that Terr hold on hold
on you're making a Claim about some
conceptual person we're only talking
about President Trump president Trump's
exact words were I'm not talking about
the neo-nazis and white nationalists
because they should be condemned totally
now you a question you do have a
question about who he was talking about
but it's very obvious that he wasn't
talking about the racist right because
he said it in direct language wouldn't
you
agree I not entirely wait hold on hold
on hold on are you I agree that
don't don't go on further until we
clarify this I agree
read can can you let me talk yeah sorry
all right do you think this sentence is
unclear I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and the white nationalists
because they should be condemned totally
is that unclear I do not feel that is
unclear outside of context all right and
in well so in in context he said there
were fine people on both sides but then
to clarify he said I'm not talking about
the neonazis and the white Nationals
it's all part of the same statement how
it seems like the two statements that
contradict each other find people on
both sides and or not talk about the
neo-nazis no it's it's it's
contradicting your own lack of
understanding it's not contradicting
what was happening my lack of
understanding of Trump no what was
happening was there were some people who
were not racists who were there about
the Statue issu do you agree that that's
true because the New York Times reported
it and you can see a video of those
actual people who
have what's that I'll stipulate to that
I didn't read that personally so so now
that you know that there were people
there who were not antifa and they were
not part of the the racists would you
say it's now completely clear to you
that this was always fake news because
the president said I'm not talking about
the Nazis and the white nationalist at
the same time you talked about fighting
people one statement among so many
statements that he has said especially
during that uh
impromptu uh what's it called uh Trump
Tower meeting all right but but hold on
if you're if you're saying that he made
other statements that are
unclear um that would be a separate
issue but if we could just stick to this
you would agree now that the the
widespread reporting that we saw I think
we saw reported maybe 10 times on CNN
just this week alone would you agree
that that is fake news because his
statement is very clear I'm not talking
about the neo-nazis and the white
nationalists that was that was to
clarify his fine people statement is
that is that completely clear to you
that at least on that point it was fake
news I will to that if that is true
because I don't actually get cable
either oh uh if you would like to check
it do you have obviously you have
Twitter right yeah okay so uh go to my
Twitter account and you can see some
bright bar articles that point to the
actual actual language the actual video
so if you want to test this just go to
my Twitter account you can see a bunch
of tweets there but thank you thank you
for playing thank you very much I'll be
back by that was interesting wasn't it
see if we got another
one let's add
Dave and by the way with the last guest
did you hear the long
silence that the the long silence is uh
that's a tell for cognitive dissonance
there there was a moment there where his
brain was actually Frozen all right
caller Dave Dave can you hear me yes hey
Scott how are you I'm good how are you
good thank you
did you believe that the president said
there were fine people uh among the
actual racists in Charlottesville did
you have a memory of that a false
memory uh no I did not I I didn't hear
him say that and
uh well of course I heard him say that
but I didn't I know what he was talking
about he was simply talking
about
uh statue people the statue people yeah
it it was it was crystal clear to me
there was there was nothing so Dave Dave
I'm I'm only trying to talk to the
people who had a false memory of the
event uh but you if you have a quick
question let's do that because I'm
waiting for other people to come
on oh okay so you you just want to Okay
I uh one thing I one thing I didn't
remember is the quote that you're that
you are uh
referencing that he said afterwards I
don't remember hearing that from him
yeah the the reason you don't remember
the clarifying quote is because it's
generally a left off of the news so
there there was a reporter question in
between so the the president had his
fine people quote with some other stuff
and then and then the reporter said
George Washington and Robert D Lee are
not the same because the president made
some reference to Slippery Slope you
know what happens if they start taking
down George Washington statue so but it
was immediately after the reporter said
that that Trump went went into a longer
paragraph and when he he clarified
without being asked and this is the
important part the reporters didn't ask
him to clarify he just clarified because
he didn't want to make he wanted to make
sure that nobody could misconstrue that
he was calling the races fine people so
he said it in the clearest possible way
all right um yeah see that's that's
deception right there that's that's
ridiculous unbelievable see I that's
something that I that should have been
clear to everybody all right so Dave
we're gonna We gonna uh click you off
here thanks for playing and I'm gonna
see if I can get um somebody on here who
had an actual false memory so again if
you had a a false memory that the
president called the racist as charlot
phille fine people I want to see if I
can deprogram you in real time here uh
as I de deprogrammed the prior caller
not not this one but the one before um
and it's it's really amazing isn't it so
if you try to depro deprogram somebody
from their false memory that Trump
called racist fine people you're you're
usually going to get some version of
what you witnessed so if you watched me
talking to the the caller before this
last one you notice that he started
going all over the board talking about
another event so the moment he got a
little trapped on his false memory the
very first thing he did was change the
subject and you saw that that I very
aggressively changed him back to the to
the point and then once changed back to
the point he acted like it was almost
like he couldn't hear it or he was sort
of cognitively blind to what I was
saying but once once he couldn't escape
did you hear the long pause where I said
now that you've heard it now you've seen
it now that you know it was fake news
you know do you believe it's fake news
you saw that it was just a long pause
that long pause if you're a hypnotist
you recognize it right the long pause is
not a normal situation of somebody just
waiting to collect their thoughts they
they're actually rebooting their whole
brain that that's the reboot and once
you learn to see it you can recognize it
in the wild
I produce this a lot so because I am a
hypnotist and because I tend to have a
if I may say a greater Mastery of the
facts than most of the people I talk to
because most people are not well
informed on most things right since I
pay attention and I'm I'm doing this
sort of as part of my career now I tend
to be more informed than the people I'm
talking to on the topics that I talk to
them about uh but when you see that look
where the brain reboots it's changes
your whole feeling about reality because
the person is rewriting their history in
their brain in real time while you're
looking at them and and for a moment
they can't process the outside
world so the brain actually goes into a
like a reboot shutdown mode where for a
moment they can't interact with the
outside world and uh I have produced
that in other people countless times but
you but I wanted to do it in public so
you could see it in real time I want to
see if I can get somebody else on here
for the same
thing let's see so I'm only taking
people I'm only taking people who
believe they
heard uh the the president say that
racist were fine
people all right guests Millennium mom
now I'm I'm only taking people who
believe they have that fake um that
false memory can you hear
me Millennium hi I can hear you okay
great did did you believe that the
president called the racist fine people
in Charlottesville Okay the reason why I
believe that and I'm I'm actually a
trump supporter I actually believed that
he said it because of the repetition
that I was getting from the media and
and here's here's something that I just
wanted to add to that hold but hold on
but you do not believe it now I don't
believe it now no no no no not after
seeing that transcript that you posted
um are are are you saying that you that
I was the first person to tell you that
was fake news no no no you told you said
it in the Scopes but I couldn't find the
actual transcript when I went to look
for it I tried to find the audio of the
you know after one of your
oh I'm sorry
um one of
the we've lost your audio so I had to I
had to gain you D you because the audio
went away all right let's say we've got
the passport gang I don't know who that
is but let's see if you had a false
memory about the Charlottesville
incident guest can you hear
me he hey Scott how you doing I can hear
you oh good did did you have a false
memory that the president said the
racist would find people in Char well
you know what I was going to say is the
same thing as the previous guest uh I
was only watching mainstream media at
the time and I never I never heard that
part about uh him saying that the the
white supremacist were not included I I
think it was the way that the C that CNN
and MSNBC were editing the footage
that made it seem like he was equating
uh antifa and the white supremacist
right and now and now that you've seen
the actual language I assume you have
does it change your view of how uh
illegitimate the
newses well yeah I've been thinking that
for a while you know I was I back in
2016 I I voted against Trump I was you
know I was against him and I I was just
watching like Rachel madow every night
and I was like this guy's going to get
arrested any minute now but it just kept
going on every night and then I I
started like seeking out alternative uh
alternative news sources you know and uh
yeah and it wasn't until you that I
actually saw him say he's not talking
about the white supremacist they are not
included so that I haven't heard that
before on the mainstream Media or I mean
I don't watch a lot of Fox News either
but I do watch it sometimes but I
haven't really heard anybody refute that
and and quote him in that manner so uh
it's really it really spins your brain
doesn't it what uh what political
affiliation do you do you claim are you
independent um well yeah I would say I'm
independent I used to I used to you know
I was a a supporter of Barack Obama that
was like the first time that I voted um
I'm mixed rced African-American so you
know that was the first time I was
really inspired to do anything and then
you know I was I was thinking well
Hillary is going to be the safe bet
Trump is crazy and I I was just getting
everything from the mainstream media so
I thought he was race kind of racist I
thought he was kind of crazy I thought
he might get us into some Wars you know
things like that and and now that seems
kind of crazy doesn't it yeah yeah and
especially after I watch hoax you know
I'm trying to show it to everybody in my
family yeah yeah well well thank you
thank you for uh seeking truth I've got
another uh caller or two
I thank you very
much all
right we've got a guest whose name is
stop Trump
now hi did did you think that uh the
president called the racists in
Charlottesville fine people do you have
a false memory of
that
well let's
let's let's see if let's we can let's
see if we can get to the bottom of this
one did you know that in the same time
that he made the quote about find people
on both sides that he also said a part
of the same thing without any prompting
at the same time the same day in the
same he said this sentence I'm not
talking about the neo-nazis and the
white nationalists because they should
be condemned totally so do you believe
now having heard the rest of the quote
do you believe that it was true that he
called the the Nazis fine
people when at the same time he said I'm
not talking about the neo-nazis and the
white nationalists do you do you now
understand that that never happened that
he
never uh you're a
f all right so he was just a
prankster um
just a prankster all right
um the prankster was not a real yeah he
was just a troll so do we have anybody
on here who believes that
Trump that in other words is there
anybody on here who has a uh is there
anybody on here who has a false
memory the president Trump called the
racist fine people in Charlesville yeah
it was the same person
um so that that caller was the same guy
as before he was just a troll
so let's
see M Moi Richard well chances are he's
a better look at this
guy two followers all right so it looks
like I'm only getting trolls at this
point
all right
so
um this experiment is very interesting
isn't it look at all the people who are
wandering in here including all the
people who saw my tweet because I
tweeted that I'm doing this right now
and you notice we can only get one
person who would say that they actually
believed the thing that's this
considered the main
news all
right so same guys back
[Music]
again let's uh how do I block that guy
all right so I need uh anybody else who
wants to say that they have a false
memory of
Charlottesville Scott is Yang a racist
well yes um I would say that uh Yang
who's running for
president um has has presented his
argument in racial terms and said that
it might not be long before white people
were shooting up um Chinese places of
worship I guess because uh because China
was going to be the big you know the big
Boogeyman of the future so that might
make it dangerous to be a Chinese
American if China the country is being
demonized and he did call out white
people people as the Potential Threat so
uh I would say that that's racist by
definition
yes all right it looks like all the
people who want to come on here are just
uh trolls
so
um here's the interesting thing we have
now
watched um both breit Bart through Joel
Pollock and you've watched me on Twitter
and Periscope saying loudly and often
that the fine people hoax is a hoax and
the reason I keep hammering on this I
know some of you are saying please go to
another topic you keep talking about the
same thing it might be the most
important thing in the
world think about that it might be the
most important thing in the world what
I'm doing right now I and here's the
argument a huge part of the animosity in
this country is built around the fact
that Trump and therefore Trump
supporters have a certain set of
views and if that's not true and if they
don't have these set of views as an
average you know we're not talking about
the outliers the actual racists but the
general Trump supporters if they don't
have the views that the other half of
the country believe they have then most
of the problems in this country go away
let me give you an example what is the
craziest thing about the border security
battle you know the whole wall versus no
wall here's the craziest thing about it
it was a fight where both sides
agreed both sides want border security
in general yeah there a few outliers on
both sides that have the crazy views but
both Democrats and Republicans want
better border security they've paid for
it in the past and the way they want it
is according to whatever the experts say
makes most sense so this was an unusual
situation in which we couldn't do what
needed to be done and everybody largely
agreed some of the details they didn't
agree on but that was for political
purposes now why is it that the
Democrats would resist so hard something
that even they wanted it's because they
think that the president is motivated by
racism why do they think he's motivated
by racism
well probably the basis of that the
strongest pillar of that belief is the
fake news that he once called racist
find people which never happened it's a
false memory that the country is is
experiencing if you remove that false
memory and you convince people that it
was a false memory and that it was
important and that they believed it it
will change their entire view about
other things they hear about this
president in other words it will allow
them to have a a critical facility that
they lacked before now this is true of
you know both sides right I'm not saying
that one side of the political Spectrum
has all the fake news you know it gets
spread
around but it is the most important
thing to get our minds right in this
country so that we can do simple things
like improve border
security
um false memory or just a lie I will
tell you that from my own
interactions and I can't I can't give
you more detail than this so please
don't ask but I'll tell you that from my
own
interactions I can tell that CNN
actually believes they have a memory of
the president doing calling the races
fine people they have an actual false
memory
now I say that not with 100% certainty
but all of the signs and again I can't
give you the details of why I think I
know what I
know but it seems to me that they
actually believe it and it seems to me
that it's based on a false memory which
they may have generated on their own and
then had it reinforced by other fake
reporting on the on the same topic
because remember the people who work at
CNN are are people right they're human
beings and human beings are are very
easily f fooled by false memories it's a
universal quality of
people so those of you who are saying
the CNN is knowingly
lying I would say that's not
demonstrated it is
demonstrated uh to my satisfaction that
at least some members of CNN believe
they have that actual memory of it
happening and it just didn't
happen
um so I guess there's nobody else who
wants to be deprogrammed is there
anybody else who would like to be
deprogrammed from the false
memory that uh from the false memory
that President Trump once called the
racist fine
people no other
takers all right um I've got lots of
other stuff to talk about but I wanted
to keep this Periscope about that and
I'm going to sign off for now