um did you wonder where I was I'm two
minutes late
I couldn't get my Wi-Fi working a little
power outage last night s things up but
I'm good now or back and that means it's
time for a little thing you call
simultaneous it I call it that too
and all it takes is a cup of mud or a
glass of tanker gels to design a Kent
injector flies got vessel of any kind
hello with your favorite liquid I like
coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous if and it happens now
go mmm
now if you joined us last night I had a
little technical difficulty I was trying
to bring on a special guest to talk
about convalescent blood serum and as
soon as he's ready we're gonna try that
again this morning so I'll wait to wait
till see when Ian gets on all right
let's tell him we're good now in the
news my favorite story is that President
Trump apparently wanted to go golfing
this weekend
Behati didn't want it to be the biggest
story so what do you do if you want to
go golfing and you're the president and
you don't want it to be the biggest
story for three days well on the way out
the door to golf what you do is you to
send a tweet that accuses Joe
Scarborough of murder
they have to appreciate how much fun
that is now of course now for the family
of the victim who died many years ago
but the fact that Trump would accuse
somebody of murder before he goes
golfing is beautiful so I see Ian as
joined so let me just finish the story a
little Adam on now here's my take of
that now on one hand it's completely
outrageous and inappropriate that the
President of the United States would
accuse Joe Scarborough of murder when
there's no indication that he actually
murdered anybody there was some young
woman who hit her head and died in his
office years ago now that's all we know
and she had some health problem that
suggests that she just passed out yet
but the fact that the president would
say that now you say to yourself well
that's all wrong that is so wrong that
is wrong on a level that's deeper than
any wrongness except except we are
talking about Joe Scarborough who did
lie about the president in the worst
possible way for years I believe he
accused the president of suggesting
people should drink bleach that never
happened I think he suggested the
President had called neo-nazis in
Charlottesville fine people that never
happened
so is it fundamentally different to
accuse somebody of being pro-nazi versus
saying you murdered your girlfriend
they're not that different really
because once you have accepted that you
can say absolutely anything in the
political context there's just no
penalty you can say absolutely anything
the president just took the rules and
said what are the rules of the rules are
you can say anything really just
anything I can just make up anything and
I can just say it
public and it's a headline all right how
about joe scarborough's a murderer we'll
see how that goes
went pretty well all right let's see if
we get Jana Ian on the line this will be
a test of the technology I think we got
it
I think we got it Oh seriously because I
know we had a Wi-Fi problem yesterday
and it looks like we got a Wi-Fi problem
today well whatever the problem is
doesn't look like that's gonna get
solved I'll try it one more time but
then I think we should maybe give up on
this if it doesn't work this time
yeah and we'll try you one more time
yeah hey let's make this work the this
is the first time the technology has
worked more than five seconds so I feel
good about it
that's a good sign all right good strong
signal all right Ian first of all let me
see if I can pronounce your name
correctly
Ian Hill guard Martius pretty close yes
yes you nailed it all right can you tell
the audience what your background is and
how that relates specifically to the
convalescent blood plasma testing
situation give them a little background
on you okay so my background is that I
worked in bioscience for about ten years
and then I ended up kind of leaving
academic bioscience and taught myself to
program and become a data analyst and
started working in corporate and for a
corporation as a data analyst and when
the co good stuff started to hit I would
figure out ways to harvest public data
to do public data analysis that I could
publish so to help people understand the
situation a little better and then
through that process I started to you
know think about different answers that
I thought we needed
that maybe we weren't getting from the
media and one of the things I thought
about as well as you know what can we do
now what can we do before there's a
vaccine because there's going to be
people who can't wait that long
and the development of new therapeutics
that takes so long that a lot of people
would end up dying while they wait and
so you know we got to figure something
out
in the middle so tell us what you did
because I was I was sort of following
the law
early on and and you put together your
own tests right
well it wasn't necessarily my own test I
bought a commercially available test kit
I just happened to become aware of its
existence pretty early I suppose in the
way that I became aware of it is that I
just got like a spam email because you
know when you buy something from a
vendor they put you on a mailing list
and then they always blast out these
kind of spam advertisements and so I got
one of those that said oh hey we have
these Ovid 19 antibody tests and so I
thought oh I want to buy one of
those and my friend and I were just
going to test ourselves so we so I
bought one and then it had space for 40
tests and so I thought well I might as
well just fill this whole thing up and
run 40 tests and kind of get a better
sense of how many people are positive
because at the time it was unclear of
how far spread the virus had been so so
you are really I think you might have
been the first person who did and an
amateur or professional test of how many
people had antibodies do you know
anybody tested before you know I as far
as I know I was the first report or I
did publish the first report about or on
a community kind of serum survey for
over nineteen antibodies now so you've
been sort of
paying attention his little serum
antibody thing and I know there was a
there was a article in The Wall Street
Journal that said they had some small 39
people or something and how did that go
so yeah we positive on this
convalescence Europe I mean the idea of
taking blood from somebody who's been
infected and recovered and putting their
antibodies and somebody else what's the
state of that in terms of the science I
know you're surveying the field there
yeah so on Friday I believe the first
convalescent serum therapy clinical
study was published in the authors claim
it was the first in the world publish or
at least the largest and so they did
treat 39 patients like you said with
convalescence serum therapy and it was
controlled so there was a group that did
not receive that treatment and there was
a significant improvement in survival
with the group that did receive the
convalescent serum therapy there was
about twelve point eight percent death
rate for the convalescent serum therapy
group but it was twenty four point four
percent for those who didn't receive it
so that means that the serum therapy cut
the death rate in half and that was for
people who were pretty close to death to
begin with and I think I saw in the
article that they they just assumed it
would work better if he had it earlier
but hasn't been tested I guess now is
there any reason to think that any of
this would ever be dangerous does it it
doesn't go through it wouldn't have to
go I know this is sort of outside your
area but I don't think this would have
to go through whole FDA with it the
whole FDA approval because it's their
antibodies is something we know well
enough that we don't need to go through
the whole tastic well well it is
actually FDA approved now at least with
an emergency use authorization so that
was one of the first things that became
approved as a treatment for carbon 19
because it is generally safe there's a
couple of different things
people generally test for like blood
typing you want to match the donor and
recipient and then Rh factors but other
than that it appears to be safe
so if well what would happen if you
didn't match wouldn't hurt you or would
it just not help you
suppose you had the wrong blood type
match yeah it could it could definitely
hurt you down the road I'm not you know
it has been done without blood type
matching in fact when it was first used
or the reports I've seen when it was
first users from the early 1900's and
they were not doing blood type
matching at that time but all those
reports showed significant improvement
well well if you had to guess based on
you know isn't there there are two other
cases where they've used this
convalescent blood serum approach right
was it HIV was one well I don't think it
was used or I'm not aware of it being
used for HIV but the treatment for HIV
is monoclonal antibodies and same with
Ebola and so it's similar in a way
because convalescent serum therapy is
used basically using antibodies it's
more of a kind of gross product of
antibodies where you're just taking
everything under the Sun that's in
somebody's serum and giving it to
somebody else and you're not selecting
for one specific antibody but it has
been used in SARS there is actually a
guy who got the 1901 Nobel Prize for the
development of Serapis in he solved
diphtheria epidemic in Germany in the
1890s by using serum therapies and
that's kind of where it started and so
he's the pioneer in the field
his name's Emil von Behring oh do you do
you know
what it would take to scale this up like
let's say that in a few weeks we said
yes this is the thing we need more of
this given that you have to actually
take it from people unless you're using
machines to clone it I guess how quickly
can I know you did some calculations on
how quickly you could scale up well what
what would you guess I know this is an
unfair question off the top of your head
but let's say if we were to say start
today and said all right we want to get
everybody kind of lesson blood serum
therapy like how close are we to being
able to do that is that something that
scales up very well um I think that is
generally reserved for the people that
are in poor condition you know in the
hospital so not everybody is gonna need
it but for those people it would be
possible I is obviously gonna be
dependent on your area New York got hit
so hard that I don't know if they would
have been able to keep up with demand
but generally speaking you have about 5%
of cases who end up in the ICU and those
are the people that would be candidates
to receive the therapy would they really
because why wouldn't you give it to
people even before they have it so that
they if they did get it they could
handle it more easily just because of
scalability it is tough you need to do
on plasmapheresis to get the plasma from
donors you also have to be checking
people ahead of time to make sure that
they actually had an antibody response
against the virus let me ask you some
sort of detailed questions if you're
gonna draw blood from one person and
turn that one person's blood into
antibodies how long with the whole
process take from putting the needle in
to draw the blood to to having it in
your hand and ready to give somebody
else I think that you can do quest my
paresis in a couple of hours it depends
on obviously how much you're trying to
harvest the amount that the FDA allows I
believe for
a donation is a liter per week or two
liters every two weeks and then in the
study that you're taught you were
talking about they used about 500
milliliters which is a half a liter per
patient so it looks like I don't lift it
you don't need go ahead it did to
simplify that each donor giving one
donation could handle how many people
for it looks like if over a 2-week
donation period or two Huffer one one
donation if i donate blood once how many
people would that handle to say oh
that's good
that's kind of hard to scale isn't it
yes exactly and so that's why I say it
should be reserved for only the people
that are in poor condition or in the
hospital now if you looked into the I
don't understand the the differences or
the nuances of monoclonal where you're
just taking you know the best antibodies
you can get from one real person and
then you're cloning it with machines to
scale it up it is is there a limit to
how quickly you can do that if you just
keep building machines you couldn't
could we do a ventilator type thing or
we just say all right everybody's
building monoclonal devices if you
looked into those do you know yeah so
that they're not yeah those are the
first therapies that will come online
for carbon 19 is that monoclonal
antibody therapies it takes a little bit
of time to develop because of the
process you build what are called
hybridomas and that's a fusion between a
cancer cell and an antibody creating
cell and the cancer cell makes it
immortal and then the antibody secreting
cell is fused and it starts just
producing antibodies and mass and then
you can create a ton of those cells
they're all identical and make a bunch
of antibodies in a bioreactor
and that's being done now it just takes
a little bit of time to identify the
specific antibody secreting cell
you want to use that's making good
antibodies now what once you've
identified the antibodies isn't it just
a question of making more of those
machines and more of those facilities
couldn't couldn't you just keep scaling
it up and definitely correct yeah you
could especially if you know you
somebody identified a good antibody
secreting cell and then made the
hybridomas and if they were to share
those with other people and kind of
decentralize the production and make it
scale faster that would maybe be a good
way to do it there's also you know you
should be probably combining a lot of
different hybridomas to get good
coverage for your antibodies make sure
that they're there's a good protection
there do you have you heard I haven't
seen any news coverage of the monoclonal
anything didn't do you know if anybody's
getting any traction actually doing that
I haven't seen anything that's become
available yet with those I've seen some
anecdotal reports about strong
protection there I think last week
there's a report from a company that
said they had a good candidate but you
know it's still a little early and the
other thing is that there's a difference
between having an antibody that you can
see recognizes Kovan 19 and then also
whether that antibody neutralizes the
virus so I've actually seen some
evidence in my hands where somebody can
test positive for antibodies that
recognize the virus but those antibodies
don't necessarily neutralize the virus
and then conversely somebody could have
a low level of antibodies that you know
recognize the virus but those antibodies
are very strong at neutralizing so there
is no off there so and do we have any
more visibility on how long antibodies
would last let's say you got them either
naturally by having it recovering or you
got it from
from the plasma from somebody else do
you know Israeli difference and how long
they would last you know that that's a
good question I don't you might expect
there to be a shorter window for donor
antibodies because they might have start
to get marked as non-self by your immune
system and then kind of removed but it's
a tough thing to study because you know
you start to get this mix of potentially
like antibodies made by yourself and
antibodies from the the donor and how do
you differentiate which one came from
which but I think generally like two
years is what a lot of people say if you
look at data from the original SARS
patients two years of protection is what
people are getting at least so I'm at
least some got protection out to
seventeen years so now would what do you
say that it comes down to literally just
how fast we can make this stuff I mean
that's really the gating factor right
because at this point we kind of know
it's safe and we kind of know it works
or all common sense says it works right
I mean it would be hard to imagine it
doesn't work yeah yeah it definitely
works and one of the limitations is just
getting access to the people who are
producing those antibodies so that then
you can kind of identify those antibody
secreting cells and scale this so I
would encourage anybody that's ever had
it and recovered to look into getting
tested for antibodies and look into
donating their serum for a convalescence
serum therapy because every you could
donate every week or every couple weeks
and that serum can be banked for the
future where maybe in the fall we have a
second wave or something so I think we
should be stockpiling serum now I'm in
anticipation for the fall and winter
kinda interesting so there's there's
I'd never heard before which is we have
all these strategic stockpiles of
everything from oil to PPE and
ventilators it would make perfect sense
stuff a national stack the stockpile
temporarily I don't know how long you
can store this stuff but it would that
makes perfect sense of a national
stockpile of convalescence Europe that's
actually a great idea I hope somebody's
watching this we can do something about
that yeah yeah good yeah and that like I
said requires people who have had it to
get tested for the antibodies and be
kind of active participants I think that
a lot of people are looking for
something that they can do to help
nowadays and that's one pretty easy way
to do it and you know I I think that
those people should get paid to donate
their serum a lot of them have probably
accrued pretty significant hospital
bills along the way and this would be a
way to offset those bills for them and
oh yeah oh now you now you're this is
interesting so you're talking about how
this might be a money-making thing are
you aware of anybody who's ever charged
for their antibodies for any kind of
situation does that ever happen I'm not
aware of a specific instance where
somebody's donated their antibodies
because they just had greatest
antibodies out there but you know
there's plasma donation centers all
across the country I don't know the name
of one offhand but I know there's
national chains of plasma donation
centers and they pay people the this is
very interesting because you know I I
think that the patriotic mood in the
country at the moment is so high that
you could get all the all the blood you
wanted but basically if the if the
President of the United States said
here's the deal if you've tested
positive I need you to do this go in and
offer your blood we're gonna try to see
how much where you get I believe that
patriotism alone would give you all the
blood you wanted but if you really
wanted to take it to the next level
people are people and if you could offer
more money to let's say go in
in time or the third or fourth time as
you're suggesting I would imagine that a
monetary incentive would probably have a
gigantic yes yeah yeah and I I've talked
to some people about you know the
monetary incentive and people get a
little bit uneasy sometimes about that
but my perspective is that you know it's
going to be administered in the hospital
and is the hospital making money yeah so
why shouldn't I don't yeah exactly
now so we've got safety it's really just
a production problem it seems to me and
it's almost like gosh it feels like this
is such a big deal you know every the
the biggest deal of course is wearing
masks but I would think that the second
most promising thing you know if we have
to wait for vaccines for months and
months but the things that we can do now
the second most promising thing is
probably this what do you say yeah in
terms of things that we know that work
and not having to wait around for
something that you know may never
actually happen right we there's no
guarantee that we'll have a vaccine or
anything like that
but we know this works and so you know
why not embrace it well we also pursue
other avenues to solve the problem so
that is yeah good I was just going to
point out so I started a company that
we're going to be doing antibody testing
as well and I'm specifically doing a
neutralization tests which means we're
not just testing for the presence of
antibody we're testing to see whether
your antibodies neutralize the virus and
we plan to take that data and kind of
publish it on publish the de-identified
data on open source dashboards for
anybody to check out just so everybody
can get a general sense of where their
community is in terms of relative
protection and then I plan on creating
an avenue for people who test positive
for neutralizing antibodies to be sent
information
on how to donate their plasma right so
we'll be identifying those candidates
and so then they should be told you know
here's what you can do if you're
interested in helping other people with
your unique situation or unique set of
antibodies so I've been watching the
comments and I just I just want to call
out something that I always talked about
winning attitudes and losing attitudes
and I'm watching a lot of losing
attitudes in the in the comments
specific specifically people who don't
quite appreciate and I'm gonna make them
appreciate it now the power of your
talent stack because people are sort of
saying oh data analyst what's that got
to do with this but the whole point is
that you knew how to draw blood you know
how to get these tests you've got what
do you say your background was a
biological what by bioscience yeah so
he's in a bioscience background so it
basically compiled a whole bunch of
skills together including starting a new
business initiative to try to help with
the coronavirus so what do you see
Ian jumping in and I was watching this
from the beginning and on day one
Ian was saying alright I have this at a
talents how can I help in this
coronavirus thing and then I've been
watching as you've you've you've grabbed
you know like one piece of one piece of
it at a time and tried to assemble it
into something that would be bigger than
the parts and I've been I've been
completely impressed not only at the
early data visualization stuff you're
doing because initially you were doing
data visualization some of the best ones
I've seen on the internet and then you
found that your talent stack gave you
all the way to here and actually you
know there you know it could be a you
know one of the pivotal at least
informational parts of what would be the
second most important thing we do after
masks so I'm very impressed at why
you've done and for those who are we
don't have the winning mindset what the
hell did you guys do let me just say
that while you're out in the line to you
limit to your tricks because because you
know there's always going to be somebody
on the air blah blah I hear this all
you know hey you're a cartoonist why you
do this little lot but all of those
people you're not very successful I'll
bet because if you're worried about
staying in your lane and you're worried
that people only have one Talent Ian's
got more than one Talent sorry if you
only have one Talent maybe you don't
understand how that works but if you put
enough talents together you have a
superpower and I think this is a perfect
example of it so Ian thank you for being
a a patriot and I mean that seriously
because in in times of crisis not
everybody runs toward the fire and you
did you know on day one you were running
toward the emergency you know what can I
do and we need more of you and less of
the people who were picking I I really
appreciate that Scott and I just want to
point out before I go that I can't do it
all by myself
I have a lot of help from Mikkel Staten
and Brianna Knight
they've been helping me get cure hub
going and you know it everything's you
know about being on a team and winning
team and you're we're all in this
together and no one person can make
anything work and I think it's you gotta
treat life like a positive sum game and
then you'll start to find some yes all
over the place well that's something
that's America in a in a nutshell right
there so thank you so much do you want
to name a URL that you want people look
at yeah you can go to cure - hub calm
and we have a system in place where you
can sign up and get reserve your spot in
line to get antibody test it and then
you don't pay anything but you'll get on
our mailing list and then as soon as we
have the antibody tests approved which
should be a couple weeks then we'll let
you know and then you can join the study
and you know donate a sample to get
tested we'll test you and yeah that's
all right so thank you thank you again
thanks for being a great guest
I'm gonna go on with the rest of my
program and I'll catch up with you can I
do one thing I miss the simultaneous sip
can I get another one live I gotta do it
all right I will give you the the first
ever second simultaneous sip and all you
need is a cup Ramona glass tank any kind
you ready cheers Cheers
the second simultaneous sip even better
than first all right thanks again thank
you bye
all right so you know I as much as that
the topic is interesting because in my
opinion is probably the most important
topic besides masks but I also wanted
you to get get a feel for Ian you know
just just to feel for what you are
fellow citizens if you're American and
I'm sure it's happening in every country
around the world people are just jumping
into the breach any people are running
toward this thing like crazy you know
when this is over when this is over
you're gonna be really proud that you
were a human because humans are pretty
awesome and and and humans have done
remarkable things in the past several
months and there's a lot more to come so
you know we're all lost in the details
and just trying to get through life and
you make it to the next time you can buy
groceries and I know that that's got to
be the focus but when this is done when
this is done there gonna be some real
real things to be proud about all right
let's talk about some other things I got
a suggestion on the locals platform
where I've moved a lot of my non Dilbert
stuff from Anholt
I don't know that's one name and Nolt
and alt anyway I don't know his real
name but he started referring to people
who watched CNN and MSNBC as the poorly
educated
how much do you love that so I'm gonna I
gonna adopt that that concept so instead
of what I'd be what I used to be saying
was you know it's two movies on one
screen and some people are siloed in
their in their news and they don't see
the news from the other side and I used
to sort of describe it as you know in
engineering terms but I thought this is
so much more powerful just say it oh you
only watch these networks
well you're among the poorly educated
because it's literally jus literally
poorly educated which i think is
hilarious cuz you know how much they can
hate that so apparently in the in the
polls including a Fox News poll Biden is
ahead of Trump by way more than even
Hillary was ahead of Trump at the same
time so apparently Biden is doing great
by staying at a public and just gaffing
himself and decompressing at his basis
now I don't know what could be more
ridiculous or more funny than the fact
that Joe Biden is his basement you
literally just you know decomposing and
he and he sees what great honestly are
you ever just a home and he just are
laughing about the whole Joe Biden in
the basement situation because you know
the the Biden and the basement things
sort of crept up on us right like it was
like hey I think there's this virus and
move on all right
yeah and yet in like it looks like it
might be coming this way all right and
maybe we should you know stay away from
public a little bit and next thing you
know a major candidate for president is
living in his basement and babbling
nonsense and be and because we sort of
got there gradually we've sort of
accepted it
go on are you are you sure uh-huh
can you tell me that you've never just
you just sit there by yourself and
suddenly you just sort of realise the
situation we're in would Joe Biden
decomposing in his basement and leading
leading in the polls to be the next
president of the United States I don't
have his fingers on the nuclear on the
nuclear button if that's not funny to
you it is but here's the thing that's
funniest I'm not positive so you know
you can't you know don't hold me to this
later
I'm not positive but I think I just
think we might be witnessing the
greatest practical joke of all talk and
what I mean by the greatest practical
joke is I think I can't prove this
I think conservatives are massively
lying to pollsters because it's funny
right dude
tell me I'm wrong don't you don't you
sort of suspect because if you were
saying to yourself okay I get that
president Trump's not popular and you
know all the Democrats are gonna vote
for whoever the Democrat is yeah I get
that you know that's gonna explain most
of what you see right but the the fact
that Biden's down there decomposing and
leading the polls strongly suggests it
strongly suggests that what we're seeing
is a really large national scale
practical joke because if the if the
polls still say Biden by eight points
and then Trump wins by eight points it's
going to be the greatest troll of all
time honestly it will be it will be the
most epic practical joke ever played in
the history of practical jokes and I
think that's what's happening am I wrong
get am i completely off-base because I'm
seeing a lot of people in the comments
were saying I think you're right I think
you're right I think the Republicans are
just lying to the pollsters because it's
funny speaking of funny pranks Alyssa
Milano got photographed wearing a
crochet mask and you can imagine how the
internet reacted to her crochet mask
they of course said hey there are holes
in your crochet therefore you fool you
idiot you dumb Democrat you bite in
supporting fool you fool how could you
wear a crochet map mask and worse yet if
you're gonna wear a crochet mask don't
get your photograph taken if you're
famous
and so of course Twitter went on fire
it's like doesn't know anything you
idiot your crochet bass and then Alyssa
Milano waited wait hold hold hold and
then it was ylim Alyssa Milano tweets to
one of her critics carbon filter inside
love
it was a trap it was a trap do you think
she knew that people were gonna get out
or about her crochet mask which she says
and you know I think it's probably true
she says as a carbon filter on the
inside it probably does probably does
because if you've got those good n95
masks they're the ugliest of the masks
so if she figured out a way to put a you
know a more pleasant cover over the
ugliest mask which is also the best kind
of mask maybe maybe I don't know if it
was an n95 but she said a carbon filter
so maybe that's good - all right if
you're not watching I've said this a
million times but if you're not
following Mike's or a on Twitter
you're missing one of the best shows
it's like it's like a TV show that just
goes on all the time it doesn't have a
beginning or an end like every time
every time I get on Twitter I don't see
like five certain if it's quotes and
everyone does it makes you stop and go
huh but this one if you want to
understand how to operate on the next
level this this tweet from sorry
this made me laugh for two days if this
is the whole tweet he goes
self-confidence triggers mediocre man
now of course the beauty of it is you
can't complain about without being
labeled the mediocre man so it's like
this perfect little trap it's like I
want to complain about that because I'm
really mad about your self-confidence
I'm like sort of but if I do
complain about it
does that make me a mediocre man so yeah
watching sort of itch build these little
Twitter traps for a mediocre man that's
one of the funniest things I've seen on
the Internet
telehealth has taken off I said this
before but there's even more signs of it
have you seen all the commercials
telehealth is basically just huge now we
thought that might happen but apparently
it is happening the the last thing
benefit we're gonna get from telehealth
it's gonna be gigantic and the ability
to you know practice across state lines
which i think will become permanent
would be huge and again thank you to all
of you who helped make that happen so
that's just checking in on that because
it's such a big topic and it's go in the
right direction so it's always good to
hear some good news all right what else
we got going here there's some kind of
drug called ivermectin that's getting
some good reviews and I guess it it can
interact with other medications and has
some side effects and stuff but there
were some initial trials that you know
sort of look good so I've heard nekton
there's another one I think that in the
next over the next few weeks you just
gonna hear one therapeutic after another
and it's just gonna be all positive news
now if you've done the math I did this
last night in periscope I was talking
about all the things which have cut the
wrists down so masks are supposed to be
75 percent effective distance of course
is completely effective maybe vitamin D
maybe summer will make a difference in
the warm weather you know maybe what
we've learned about nursing homes and
how to protect them maybe what we've
learned about ventilator use not to kill
people with ventilators if you if you
take each each of these many pieces of
good news each of them individually
reduces risk by some percentage from 75%
with masks down to maybe vitamin D makes
a difference or maybe it's just
correlation we don't know if it's
causation yet but maybe
hydroxychloroquine and zinc if you get a
Merlin he's 20% benefit maybe there's
some people we can get with this
convalescent blood serum so we now have
off the top of my head maybe 10 to 12
different things we've either developed
as
tool or learned which also allows us to
reduce risk I feel like we have all the
tools to within a few weeks we're gonna
have the risk down to it's gonna
approach to zero I mean it's almost
gonna disappear I think monoclonal
antibody is almost ready somebody says
yeah and that could be huge the
monoclonal antibodies just could be huge
all right and then somebody says primer
primarily immune system strength let me
ask you this I want to see this in the
comments when when this whole thing
started I was advising everybody to just
make sure they took care of their immune
system so in other words you know get
out get a little light exercise get some
Sun get some sleepy right you know all
the usual things how many of you have
done that how many of you in the
comments it'll take a little time like
here but in the comments tell me if you
feel that you've done something that
would boost your immune system have you
have you intentionally boosted your
immune system with all the yeses Wow
almost every person every so far every
person who's answering you saying yes
think about that well what kind of what
kind of change does that make in your
life and in civilization if suddenly 370
million people just decided to get
serious about boosting their immunity
and their health oh my god I am so
impressed uh for those of you who are
listening to this it is a non broken
string of yeses I've never seen so much
agreement somebody lost 20 pounds
bicycle riding outdoors yes definitely
yes yes yes yes immune system way up yes
oh my goodness I am so so impressed very
impressed I've never seen anything like
this are you as impressed as I am take
take a look at these
comments coming by they're still
absolutely solidly yes holy cow this is
one of the this is the most
underreported story of the year isn't it
wouldn't you say this is the most
underreported story if if we had not had
a corona virus and suddenly you found
that 370 million Americans and I'm
guessing other countries doing something
similar if you found that you know
hundreds of millions of people suddenly
took seriously their health what did we
just do to the entire health care cost
of this country how much of this is
going to become habit you know I'm
wondering if you think that you'll be
able to turn this into habit the trouble
is you know a lot of us not going to
work in the normal ways we don't have
the normal schedule so it's gonna be
harder when you're trying to work it in
with your normal schedule but wow I am
so impressed with all of you genuinely
somebody stopped smoking congratulations
congratulations on stopping smoking that
is hard alright so well that might be
the good news for this may be our
healthcare cost just took 20% hit simply
because we're we're in better shape and
we know how to do this so where can you
outdoors shoot I don't understand that
question
all right well I'm impressed with you
all and I'm gonna leave you on that note
hope you learned something today and
I'll talk to you tonight