hey everybody gives in here Juliana and
everybody else Donna come on Tyler Tyler
you're always one of the first ones
Jason get in here Brad ken Oh we'll get
down the little whiteboard talk here
it's gonna make you mad these are the
best ones the whiteboard talks that make
you go I'm not sure I believe that
you're gonna have one of those but not
until we enjoy the simultaneous hip
yes it's time grab your mug your vessel
your chalice your cup your glass your
container make sure it's got the
beverage of your choice I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous sip now
as we're all struggling with the
questions about Kavanagh and dr. Ford if
seems to mean there are some assumptions
we've made that are worth challenging
and one of the assumptions that we're
just zipping past as if it doesn't
matter is this very basic question which
is are you the same person as the person
who did something in your name when you
were a minor so in other words what
makes you the same person as the young
you and therefore you should be punished
for the crimes of the young you or held
responsible for the young you what is it
that connects you let's go to the white
board so here are all the reasons that
the 17 year old version of you is the
same person as let's say the
50-something year-old version of you
these are all the things that make you
the same person
you might have the same memories you've
got some of the same cells in your body
there's a legal financial connection
anything you own then that you haven't
gotten rid of you still own legally
there's the law the law says you're the
same person
there's your mind the things you thought
then were you know part of this
continuation to what you think now and
then of course there's your character
there might be more but this is a
starter set
so by history and by law and by
tradition and by society your 17-year
old version of yourself is considered
the same person as your current self
whatever your age is I'm just saying 52
here so we're watching this Kavanagh a
situation and the assumption we've
started with is that if the person today
can be determined to have done something
in his seventeen year old you know
carnation in carnation his 17 year old
form then we should hold him responsible
today for what this character did now
let's start with the first thing the
first thing you need to know is this
person doesn't exist the 17 year old
Kavanagh that we've all been living with
for the last week or so and that and you
have been living with him right haven't
you had in your mind a picture of a 17
year old Brett Kavanaugh doing things
that person sort of exists for all of us
we've seen his pictures we've imagined
the scenes we've we've replayed the the
scenes as they've been described to us
many times but here's what all of those
things have in common they're imaginary
17-year old Brett Kavanaugh doesn't
exist literally doesn't exist
he's an idea now the reason that we
blame current Cavanaugh for what 17
year-old imaginary no longer exists
Cavanaugh dead is that we connect people
with all these different ways so let's
talk about
one of the ways we connect people is
their memories the memory you had you
have now is connected to what you did
but what if what if you don't remember
stuff and what if it turns out that your
memories are not really memories there's
there's sort of reconstructions they're
not real memories and the science will
confirm this right the things you think
are your memories from way back then are
not exactly memories they're the things
you've manufactured from old memories
you've pieced together photographs
you've you've filled in the gaps of the
things you didn't remember so you don't
have actual memories of when you were a
kid by the time you this age you have
fake reconstructed memories so you're
not really connected by your memories
because they're not real then they're
abot the cells of your body well most of
them are different all right
you don't really have the same body
cells that you had then what about
finance were connected by finance so
legally if I owned something when I was
17 and I never gave it away I still own
it well there might be something like
some old like his old calendars he still
owns the old calendars but it's kind of
trivial right the things he owns now are
like this what every owned then was some
calendars maybe his old baseball mitt
some baseball cards for realistically
there's nothing he really owns he didn't
have any money then he was flat broke so
he's not really connected to his old
past by let's say a fortune that he
owned them and he still owns everything
he has now he made since then because he
has zero money then there's a legal
connection which is that if I do
something today my tomorrow self has to
pay the penalty and if he didn't have
that you wouldn't have any rule of law
right you have to hold your future self
responsible for what you did now
but there's no reason for that other
than it works it's just a practical
thing right but the law also has a limit
so things that you did when you were 17
let's say something that he was accused
of doing doesn't really connect him
anymore
because the law does not require that
something he did a 17 he would be
responsible for then what about the mind
what about the mind of the 17 year old
is it the same mind as the 15 52 year
old well no the 17 year old mind is like
a lump of clay
it's basically a potential mind it's not
the way he thinks now it's not what he
knows now it's not the experience he has
now so there's a little bit in common
maybe but not really and then what about
his character his character is certainly
quite different than it was when he was
17 because the things you do when you're
when you're 17 are just stupid and
reckless and the things that you do when
you're older are more considered so the
entire discussion is whether or not we
should hold responsible the person who
does exist before the activities of an
imaginary an imaginary literally
imaginary character because the past
doesn't exist there isn't there is no
young Cavanagh you can't find him you
can't touch him he is literally
imaginary we have constructed young
kavanah in our minds and now we're gonna
hold old Kavanagh responsible for it
now if there were a legal reason to do
that or if he were the same physical
person or if he were rich there and then
he still has that money you could really
say there are some good reasons why
seventeen-year-old is the same guy but
by tradition by law by feelings he's
connected
but does it make sense if if he did
everything that he was said to have done
and I'd have no reason to believe that's
true
other than the credible accusations but
they're matched by credible denials so
well there's no allegation that he did
an actual rape or an actual murder or
one of those things where you just have
to say well for practical reasons we
have to treat him and like use the same
person now but realistically
realistically he's not really the same
person so we are we are literally
looking to punish a person for the
activities of an imaginary person that's
not far off the truth is it do you think
I'm far off that the truth somebody says
Scott geez take a position the people
who were the dumbest people in this
conversation are the ones who are sure
he's innocent or the ones who are sure
he's guilty if you're sure about either
one of those positions you're the dumb
people in the conversation now you can
say the odds are very high that is one
or the odds are very high or a tips one
way or the other and I think that would
be reasonable to say but if you're
positive that he didn't do it or
positive that he did do it you're the
dumb one in the conversation you know
that you're not even close to a
reasonable position because we don't
have any evidence that would put you on
one of those extremes so here's the
question do you want to live in a world
where people can be punished for the
activities of imaginary people a 17 year
old Brett Kavanaugh is absolutely
imaginary he's not connected to current
Cavanaugh by character everybody
everybody who's a witness agrees that
whatever 17 year old Cavanaugh may or
may not have done he's definitely not
this guy now he's not connected by money
he's not connected by the same body
cells he doesn't have the memory he
doesn't remember
because nobody does really but nobody
remembers exactly what they were doing
as a teenager we think we do you know if
you're 20 you might but if you're 52 you
don't remember what you did is a
teenager it is literally an imaginary
conceptual person a conceptual person
who actually literally physically
doesn't exist and that person that
imaginary person his activity is alleged
alleged we're looking to hold this real
live person who does exist responsible
for it now there's there's a reason that
we don't we don't treat minors the same
as adults there's a reason because
they're not the same people that's a
pretty good reason right if you were
born if you were born and solicited by
the age of 12 you were functionally the
same person as you would be as an adult
in other words if you're 12 year old
self could be as adult as your adult
self you would be charged as an adult at
12 years old because you'd be this
pretty close to the same person but we
know that's not the case your teenage
brain is just not the same it's not
developed so blaming somebody for what
they did as a baby yeah and let's take
the current logic back if we can blame
him for what he did at 17 could you also
blame him for what he did at 12 and why
not what would be the difference in in
philosophy if he's guilty of 17 when he
doesn't have a developed brain why
wouldn't he be equally guilty at 12th
what about six should Brett Kavanaugh be
blamed for the things he did when he was
six years old and if so what's the
difference between that and his 17 year
old self they're both imaginary neither
of them are
adult self neither them have anything
important in common with his adult self
they're as close as you can be to
different creatures as anything could be
so let's talk about the let's talk about
the paws I talked about that in my
periscope yesterday I was not entirely
against the paws the paws introduces
some risk that they'll they'll kick up
something maybe it'll take too long so
there is certainly some risk but there
was also some risk of ignoring half of
the public who demanded it that's a risk
too so you had two very big risks one of
them is smarter and I think that we're
on the smarter path because we could get
to a credible result on the path were on
there are some risks that we won't but
we could but if we were if we were to
just slap him in the court that would
largely guarantee we didn't have a
credible outcome so one of them has a
possibility of being credible the other
way just slapping him in the court and
guaranteed a permanent problem so we're
probably on the right path even though
it introduces a new set of risks
somebody said he did nothing at 17
did you watch his testimony did you
watch the part where I said if you're
sure you know what somebody did is 17
and they're 52 now you're not the
serious adult in the conversation so
this is something you should ask
yourself are you positive you know what
happened when these two were teenagers
if you're positive whether whether it's
positively did it or positively didn't
if you're positive you can confirm that
your brain isn't working it's one of
those few times that you can be sure
your brain isn't working because usually
when your brain isn't working you're
also not smart enough to know it but
here's one that's really clear if you
could look at this
and be positive it happened or didn't
happen there's something wrong with your
brain it's just not working right so
that said how many of you are positive
how many of you are positive you know
the answer to whether guilty or innocent
doesn't matter how many of you are
positive 100% positive now by the way
when when dr. Ford said that she was
100% positive about her memories that
should have eliminated her from
credibility so the moment that dr. Ford
who should be an expert in this field of
psychology should be an expert about how
memories give formed where at least she
works in that field she shouldn't
understand this stuff for her to say
under oath that she's a hundred percent
certain should have disqualified her
from any credibility there's nobody who
has her training who can say under oath
I am Hunter's presents you're I don't
have a faulty memory can't be done so
she should have completely destroyed her
credibility by claiming a hundred
percent certainty here would here's what
an honest answer would have looked like
well senators I work in this field and I
know that sometimes people will believe
their memories and they can be a hundred
percent certain even when they're wrong
that said my internal feeling of
certainty is a hundred percent and I've
had this the same memory for a long time
it meets all the characteristics of
something that I would consider a high
probability but if you mean technically
and scientifically nobody can ever be a
hundred percent sure but on a human
level
yes I'm as close as you can get to total
certainty some answer like that I would
have said to myself well that is
scientifically correct and it sounds
honest but when somebody who is an
expert in this field or at least works
in the field says that I'm a hundred
percent sure under oath
that my friends is a lie it's a lie
because you know that she knows that
memories can never be a hundred percent
certain you know she knows that right so
when she leaned in and looked at you and
said 100 percent at that moment on the
most important question there's a
hundred percent chance she was lying
because her training would have told her
that that memories that are not you know
andra percent inaccurate or a cotton and
that you can't tell the difference the
most important thing to know is that if
you have a false memory you can be 100%
positive it's true so the fact that she
said my memory is a hundred percent
positive true indicates she's lying now
in terms of persuasion it was probably
good because most people don't
understand the nuance of memory and it
was a public of evidence she was trying
to persuade people we'll get rid of the
Nazi her lawyer demanded that answer
yeah from a lawyer's perspective in my
Tibetan good play but it was also
unambiguously a lie now it might be true
that she's 99.9 percent certain and that
said that I would have said pretty good
99.9 well I'll take that that sounds
like an honest answer she is at least
allowed that there's a possibility that
false memories exist
and she knows that they do that would be
an honest answer
it wouldn't work to her to her favorite
probably but it would be honest but she
was a teen not a doctor in that hearing
yeah I've heard some people say that she
she was acting like a teenage girl I
didn't really pick that up you know you
can't really that just didn't seem
persuasive to me in any important way
she used a baby voice yeah you know
people speak differently it just doesn't
mean anything so I saw close-up pictures
of dr. Ford in which it looked like her
pupils were dilated but I couldn't tell
if they were always dilated or if it was
photoshopped or anything but I was
definitely looking to see if there was
anything in the eyes that would tell me
anything because remember were we're
being asked to make very subjective
judgments based on our professional
guesses about whether one of them looked
credible or not in that context and the
reason that people appear in person is
this you can look at them there's a
visual element to believe in people and
what I look to her her eyes and
close-ups the it looked like the pupils
were dilated now I'm not a doctor should
you believe me when I say it looked like
her pupils are dilated
you should not there's no credibility
here whatsoever because I don't know if
they were photoshopped I don't know if
they were more dilated than they would
normally be I'm just telling you my
opinion all right so because this is an
opinion topic we're all giving our
opinion whether she looked credible or
opinion whether she didn't my opinion of
what her eyes look like is legitimate
because all of its just weird opinion
and a lot of it has to do with how
things look so I had to ask myself what
is it the cause causes eyes to dilate
and I don't know the answer but none of
the answers are good for her sight
somebody's yelling it get real what does
that even mean
so is there anybody else who's who's
willing to say in public that there
positive 100% she's guilty or positive
100 meaning she's lying or positive 100%
that she's telling the truth
anybody want to anybody wanted to say
that in public because you should be
embarrassed to say that you should
literally be embarrassing to say you
know what happened it's not embarrassing
to say you're very you're very certain
it's you know to be being very certain
is completely legitimate to be confident
in your opinion that's legitimate but to
say there's a hundred percent insurance
you're right some wrong with your brain
it's not operating efficiently bombards
body analysis so a lot of people have
pointed me to something called bombard
that must be your last name bombards
body language analysis I don't what's
the best way to say this I'm not aware
of the science that would say that's
credible but I don't dismiss it so to me
it's entertainment but I'm not getting
anything else out of it so it is
entertaining but I can't tell if it's
scientifically valid I don't know how
you would tell the vocal fry' a lot of
people talked about that I don't believe
that tells you anything except that she
was nervous as she should have been
thank God for Lindsey Graham people are
saying let's talk about the State of the
Union I've seen a lot of people who are
concerned that the that the country the
Republic will be torn apart by this and
people are thinking already it's already
being torn apart you know we're in
completely different realities now and
things are going to fall apart and we're
going to impeach the you know starting
to impeach everybody we're going to be
impeached the president and impeach the
Supreme Court and they'll be marching in
the street and all that let me give you
the optimist view
of what's happening number one our
country has never been stronger in all
of the important ways we've never been
stronger individually were less racist
less sexist than we have ever been all
right when you look at the news it would
be easy to imagine that things are
falling apart
because that's the nature of the news
it's supposed to wind you up if the news
doesn't wind you up you're not going to
be clicking on stuff and they need you
to click on stuff like a chicken with a
pellet so when you're watching the news
talking about it just imagine yourself
as this chicken your ear in an
experiment and there's a pellet here
this is what you should imagine you're
the chicken and here's the pellet and
here you are watching the news here's
some more news pellet pellet all right
so that's my imagine that's my
impression if US watching the news
if you remove yourself from that chicken
eating a pellet world this artificial
world that the that the big tech
companies have created and put you in
this little mental prison where you
think that the stuff that's on TV is
important and real and critical in the
world is going to blow up and if it and
if you want to stop it you better click
click I better click I can save the
world if I click if I just stay on
Twitter a little bit longer I could save
the world it's gonna follow all right
that's that's a big artificial
artificial thing that you're feeling so
the first thing you need to know is that
relatively speaking there aren't that
many people as a percentage or even
paying attention the vast majority of
Americans are sort of barely aware that
there's something going on with the
Supreme Court barely aware right so
those of us no matter how excited mad
angry scared we are it's not because of
the facts the facts don't matter because
we don't have access to them we don't
know what's going to happen tomorrow we
don't know who did what and 1982 we're
not really dealing with specs
we're dealing with the media that
evolved to learn how to had to tweak you
and get you excited so the excitement
you're feeling the fear that you're
feeling is artificially generated it's
not real it's not based on actual facts
because we're completely divorced for
them we're in this little bubble in
social media within the news those of us
who are junkies like myself would watch
the news all the time we have this
artificial feeling of what's going on
that's entirely imaginary and created by
the the economic entities that know how
to add a tweak your brain just right so
that's the first thing second thing is
the system that the founders created the
you know the government the Constitution
is really really strong I mean what
we're dealing with now is just nothing
compared to what this country has been
through before everything that we have
right now is a smaller risk than
everything that happened for the last
200 years we are currently at the lowest
risk to the Republic in our entire
history right now like right today why
do we have the lowest risk to our public
let me give you a good reason what are
we talking about remember I always told
you to look for the blank space don't
look at the painting where most of the
paint is look for that corner where
there's a little nothing because that's
what makes it a painting it's not a good
painting unless one part of it isn't so
busy that's what makes good good design
so we're in this world where what you
should be looking at is what we're not
talking about okay what we're not
talking about is the economy why are we
not talking about it except to say it's
good because the economy is freaking
amazing right now
our economy right now is the economy
that's never been seen anywhere that but
if you based based on its size as well
as its you know solid solid elements it
is the strongest economy in the history
of civilization so we don't need to talk
about it because it doesn't make anybody
unhappy right
what about militarily safer than we've
ever been right now let me ask you is
the United States safer right now then
it has ever been in its entire history
pretty sure that's true you know and
also we are physically safer than we've
ever been
we're wearing our seat belts you know we
figured out what kills people we do less
of it cetera we're probably safer than
we've ever been in history and almost
everything that's big and important you
know health finance or the threat of
nuclear war all of that all of that is
better than it's ever been before and I
will even include I believe that you
know if you're looking at race relations
if you look at the news it looks like
it's worse than it's ever been
wouldn't you agree if you're following
the news or social media you would say
oh my god hair's on fire
you know the racial relations is worse
than it's ever been but it isn't if you
have any two people like real actual
physical people not not concepts in the
news not things that people said on TV
but to people black person a white
person introduced them you know to
strangers you put it in the room are the
odds of them getting along better in
2018 or worse than at any time in
history well I'll tell you the answer
better better all right you put a black
person in the white person in the room
two strangers and just say okay two of
you randomly we're selecting you we're
going to put you in a room do you two
get along do you respect each other
do you listen to each other if one of
you gets hurt with the other one help
yes yes individually as individual
people we are less racist less sexist
less bad than we have ever been in our
entire history but on TV what do we play
our parts and we take our teams and we
argue about who's who's discriminating
against who were battling for power and
we're trying to get votes that's a whole
artificial weird little world that most
people aren't even involved in most
people aren't even paying attention
they're just going to soccer practice
and you know they're their kids best
friend is some other ethnicity and it's
all working out fine everything's great
right am I sure about the economy yes I
am sure I'm not a hundred percent sure
because they had only crazy people are
hundred percent sure but yes I'm I'm
about as confident of that as you can be
confident about the economy they're
always always some uncertainty take yeah
climate hysteria now when we say climate
hysteria we've already sort of thought
passed the sale and the sale is is it a
real danger or not and the answer the
answer is we don't know yeah there's
there's certainly good scientific
evidence that people create co2 and co2
if you add it to the atmosphere it could
raise the temperature so that much I
think everybody's agreed on now that
humans are raising the temperature or
should you know over time we should but
we don't know how much we don't know if
we can remediate we don't know if it
will be out of control those things we
don't know but they scare us to death so
there's a lot of stuff we don't know
that you know could kill you but that
would be everything in the world
everything we don't know could kill us
that's just a general statement and
climates in that category although it's
got a little more a lot more scientific
backing so I am always confident that
society will rise to get rid of these
challenges like climate risk I think
that we'll figure out how to remediate
that and we'll be in good shape
wouldn't we figure that out talk about
Trump's comparative silence he has been
by Trump's standards pretty quiet
he's letting the process play out now
there's a few things that we can
determine from this one of the things we
can determine from the fact that Trump
is being kind of quiet is that he
doesn't want attention to be taken away
from this question so we have a weird
situation where both sides think that
they will benefit by focusing on the
Supreme Court situation so the Democrats
must think that they get an advantage by
focusing on it and the and the
Republicans must think they also get an
advantage one of them is probably wrong
unless they're both just talking to
their base in which case they're both
right so that the more they can the more
they can focus on this the more they can
get their base involved and maybe that's
the only thing that matters for the
midterms for the midterms that the only
thing that might matter when I say the
only thing I'm exaggerating of course
what I mean is the most the most
important variable
the one that you can move is how many of
your own base you get to show up at the
polls that's probably going to be the
most important thing and this Supreme
Court thing motivates both sides so both
sides have temporarily said let's just
stop talking about all the other things
in the world because this is really good
for our own sight and the other team is
going to get ahead of us if we don't do
the same let me ask you this if if Brett
Kavanaugh got either delayed past the
midterms or somehow got drummed out and
didn't get confirmed what would that do
to Republican
now if you were if you're worried about
the fate of the Republic let me ask you
this if if the left succeeds let's say
Democrats if Democrats succeed in
stymieing and stopping Brett Kavanaugh
and then we get into the the midterm
election what's that going to do to
Republican turnout well we know
Democratic turnout will be higher
because they'll say to themselves aha
we've got an opening if we can get you
know control of the Senate we can also
control the next the next nominee but
that's a little bit of a conceptual
moonshot don't you think it's a bit of a
moon shot that they could delay it and
then they could also get control the
Senate and then from there on they would
be in charge of the Supreme Court here's
what's here's what so so that could
motivate Democrats but they would be
motivated by a long shot
our people motivated by long shots just
generally speaking if I said to you look
if you do something that's inconvenient
there's a series of events which might
happen which if they line up just right
and if the stars are right and if you
wait long enough there might be a
situation that's favorable to us so how
about doing something inconvenient right
now it's not motivating right even
though you can see the chain from I will
go vote that vote will be part of many
votes if we get enough some day in the
future we'll get this advantage it's
just not motivating people care about
what's you know what it is right now
what hurts right now right now imagine
you're a Republican and you're in the
situation where Cavanaugh just got
declined
what do Republicans do when they've got
a problem to fix and all they need to do
to fix the problem is to get off the
couch and take care of business
what do Republicans do when there's a
well identified problem and all you have
to do to fix that well identified
problem right now immediately right now
fix it make the feeling go away fix it
you have to get off the couch you have
to go vote I just described Republicans
like it if you could come up with any
simpler explanation of who or Republican
is you know good luck here's my here's
my summary of a Republican if you need
to take care of business you take care
of business period that's it that's
that's like all Republicans right there
if you have to take care of business
let's do it let's take care of it
I I like to use this example there's a
car wreck and there's you know the car
that wrecks catches on fire and you know
whoever it gets there first to try to
help is going to be in trouble right
they're gonna have to put their hand
into the burning car to help somebody
get out a Republican stops and his
pickup truck let's just make this and
make it stereotypical and the Democrat
stops in his or her Prius so you got a
Republican who stopped and a Democrat
who stopped and one of them has to pull
you know as to risk themselves to pull
the burning people and at the car while
you're thinking about it the Republican
already did it the Republican already
did it because the Republican looked at
it and said okay big risk to me but I
it's obviously the right thing to do so
take care of business yes this is going
to hurt this is this might I might be
scarred I might be burned this could be
really bad for me but it's also clear
what I have to do with Republicans when
it's clear what you have to do they just
take care of business they don't think
about it there's nothing to think about
I know what to do now I'll just do this
Republicans well they might talk about a
little bit now let's talk about the
concept is it fair the Democrats gonna
say I could put my hand in there but
would that be fair
is that fair to me you know why is it
why is it the black guy has to do it you
know why must the woman do it
yeah the Democrats is gonna be talking
about the concept of it you know is this
the right way to go you know was this
fair you know what about what about this
well the Republican has already pulled
the person out of the burning car so
this midterm election is sort of like
that burning car the Republicans are
looking at it and saying if I have to
vote to fix this thing well that's what
although I'll vote and I think Democrats
are mad but I don't know if they're
their chain of reasoning and conceptual
some day this could be better if I vote
I just don't know if it's as immediate
and clear and obvious that they need to
do something differently yeah who
changes tires somebody said all right so
I would say that the Democrats that have
painted themselves into a weird little
corner that they don't know the first
corner that they painted themselves into
is by saying we only need a week for
these investigation of Cavanaugh now
because they have been saying it will
only take a week for a long time they're
kind of locked into that week but what
can be done in a week nothing there's
almost nothing that can be done in a
week by any large organization anywhere
on any topic ever in the history of
large organizations large organizations
can't do anything in a week now there
will be activity so when I say anything
that's obviously an exaggeration but the
most they can do in a week is talk to a
few people write up some reports have
their bosses look over the reports
rewrite them have their bosses look over
the reports rewrite them again change
some paragraphs show it around get some
signatures get some approval rewrite it
again as
little bit talk to the person that you
talked to once make sure that you
rewrote it best show it to them again
have them edit it show it to your boss
again that's what a week looks like in
any big organization
nothing important is going to happen
there will be no physical evidence
sought or obtained probably there will
be no new people on the on the list of
people they talk to probably those
people will say some version of I wasn't
there which is an easy report to write I
talked to miss mr. or mrs. so-and-so and
they have no recollection of anything
that would be useful that's that's my
job for that whole day you're an FBI
agent fly across the country get the
interview sit down take out all your
materials you're recording it maybe
video recording it you've got your notes
you say okay it took me 18 hours to
organize this and to get here finally
now I'm in your kitchen tell me
everything you know about that night and
person says I don't have any memory of
that night that's it and then the FBI
agent writes down does not have memory
at the night but he doesn't want to pack
up and leave so he's got to ask where
she has to ask that same question 50
different ways so you don't have any
memory of the night but you do you have
any memory of any nights around that or
like that
no do you remember anything about that
night no do you remember these two
people together on any night yeah it's
gonna be a big nothing unless unless
somebody new comes forward now if
somebody new comes forward the the
credibility of the left will collapse a
little bit more because each time
something new comes forward it is less
and less credible which makes the
average of all of it less credible that
makes it look more like a plot so I
would say that Cavanaugh's odds of
getting eventually confirmed are close
to a hundred percent
so my prediction is you will get
confirmed at the end of the week or even
if it takes two weeks he'll get
confirmed so that's that's my prediction
but if Cavanaugh is denied the the seat
for any reason then I'm going to go on
record with the red wave okay so you've
been waiting for my prediction for a
year I'm going to commit to this
prediction here's the prediction if
Cavanaugh gets confirmed the the left
will think well you know we tried but we
kind of expect that that would happen it
won't be that motivating because because
it will be an election happened the
elections have consequences this guy is
at least qualified you know everybody
agrees he has judge qualifications they
just don't like his political leaning so
I think the left sort of gets used to it
after a while but man if he doesn't get
on the court the right is gonna vote
like you've never seen anybody vote
you're gonna see you get to see the kind
of voting yeah you'll probably see you
would see record Republican turnout it
would be the biggest Republican turnout
probably in history and Republicans
would act as one like you wouldn't you
wouldn't need a you wouldn't need a
leader right you wouldn't need any
charismatic person to come out and say
Republicans go vote because they would
just vote and they would make phone
calls and they would make sure that
they're lazy son-in-law or they're lazy
cousin also voted they would offer them
rides they would call around and say
alright everybody I'm just checking in
are you gonna vote just check it in no I
forgot to register and I got to work
that day
right well here's here's the URL to tell
you how to register I'm gonna check in
you know I'm you and a day to make sure
you registered and then if you need a
ride I'm gonna stop by and I'm going to
give you a ride all right
the Republicans will just do that
automatically it will just become the
most instantly self-organized
red wave you've ever seen in your life
and it will be breathtaking if Cavanaugh
gets declined if he doesn't get declined
I think is going to be you know maybe
the Democrats will have a little edge
yeah it'll be a closer situation but I
have to admit there there's a small part
of me that just wants to see that happen
because of how amazing it would be I
don't want this to happen and I don't
predict it will but if Cavanaugh does
get a sorted if he actually is denied
the the confirmation I'm a little bit
interested to see how that goes and I'm
not saying that there will be civil war
bla bla bla bla
I'm not saying they'll be violence I
don't think there will be I think there
will simply be the most awe-inspiring
fantastic public it's almost like it's
almost like the country is is a human
body if you think of it this way the
Republic you know the country is sort of
like a body and when it gets a disease
or you know it gets some kind of tumor
or something you know the white blood
cells organize and the rest of the body
just sort of shuts down for a while
until the till the white blood cells can
do their job but you know if they can't
do their job and to get rid of the the
problem if Cavanaugh is not confirmed
Republicans are going to be like all
these white blood cells that don't need
to be told what to do they don't need to
be told what to do they're gonna be on
the phone with their lazy cousin they're
gonna be talking to their co-workers
they're going to find out anybody who's
even slightly Republican
and they're gonna say this do you have a
ride do you have a ride do you need that
URL to to sign up the vote can I take
you to lunch and walk you through you
know registering to vote
you know can we get together and I'll
make sure that you can I can I call you
in the morning to make sure you woke up
early enough right Republicans are just
going to do that and it will be the
biggest or inspiring sort of democratic
amazing thing you've ever seen in your
life it will be the highest Republican
turnout you have ever seen and it will
be it'll be like the talk of a legend
for forever so when when you worry what
could go wrong you know is the country
falling apart is are the wheels coming
off that's just News Talk all right we
are as solid a country as you could ever
have and you know more solid ins ever
been and moving in the right direction
and if the worst case scenario happens
which is let's say the the Democrats
thwart what should have been the polite
confirmation if they turn it into a
bloodbath and he doesn't get confirmed
that won't lead to a revolution it will
lead to an outbreak of democracy like
you've never seen right the Republican
response to not getting their way in you
know in the system is to stay within the
system and try harder
because Republicans like the system
they're not going to break the system
they're going to use it harder and that
will be phenomenal there's a little part
of me the kind of I kind of like to see
it I just sort of like to see it so
because I think it would be healthy for
the country to to have an outbreak of
democracy if you will like an outbreak
of legitimate concern for the
the health of the system all right
I've talked about that too much this is
propaganda talk like you've never seen
somebody said well what part of it
would you consider propaganda now we
live in a country where anybody who says
anything that's smart or effective on
the other side you know the other side
is gonna say oh that's propaganda you're
an apologist you're such an apologist
somebody said now I want to see them
rejected the if you're worried about
this outcome and you're a Republican
just keep this in mind you're either
gonna get this nomination or you're
gonna get a red wave you probably won't
get both I don't see you getting both
but you're gonna get one or the other
and you should decide which one you want
more
yeah Jeff Flake is that interesting or
what the whole Jeff Flake situation I I
love the fact that he is a lame duck and
he doesn't have to run for election
anymore
because he ended up being the only one
who mattered to me you know Jeff Flake
turned out to be the only one who
mattered he he decided to wait a week
and then they had to because they needed
his vote so it turns out we don't have a
you know a government per se you know if
you looked at what happened this week
did we have a government we didn't have
a government we had a Jeff Flake Jeff
Flake was the government this week the
the guy who already quit the guy who's
only barely in the government because
he's just waiting for the replacement
that guy the lame duck he's running the
government
he made the only decision this week that
mattered he decided he wasn't gonna vote
unless we wait a week so we're waiting
too damn week Jeff Flake the guy who's
not even gonna be in the job pretty soon
he's running the government
weirdly options three as they find dirt
you mean find more dirt on one of them
yeah I think the I think the odds of the
FBI finding let's say negative new
information about dr. Ford are very high
she has never been the subject of an FBI
investigation and she has never opened
and of course she's never opened the
questioning to the larger question of
her own credibility because remember
they have to look into her credibility
not just the allegation itself they have
to find out has she ever had medical
problems mental problems has she ever
been on any kind of psychoactive
prescription or other drug has she ever
made a claim about somebody that was you
know that we don't think was true
they're gonna find that aloud to her
what are they gonna find about him well
I think they're gonna find out about him
that he drank more beer than they
admitted in high school but given that
we have all these quotes from Kavanagh
himself saying how many times did he say
I like beer I drank beer we drank beer I
like beer so if it turns out that he
drank a little bit more beer at 17 then
he allowed as his adult version while
talking in front of his daughters
don't forget Cavanaugh was talking in
public so when you're saying how much
beer did you drink is 17 he's not just
talking to the audience he's talking to
his daughters and do you think he want
he wanted his daughters to hear oh yeah
man I was hidden I was hidden the beer
like crazy like I drank until I passed
out and every night it was great his
daughters are listening of course he's
gonna say I like the beer everybody did
but I didn't didn't take it too far why
else do you want him to say don't you
want him to lie in that situation now in
my opinion he was exaggerating / lying
the degree of his drinking it is also my
opinion I'm glad he did because it
didn't really have much to do with the
accusation but it had a lot to do with
what isn't his daughter's we're gonna
hear
you know this is somebody who is looked
up to by apparently a number of sports
teams you know teenage girls teams that
I think his daughters are on consider so
he has this this wide population of
teenagers this is weird right he's got
this wide population of teenagers who
look up to him as a role model and then
he's asked in public did you drink much
beer when you're 17 there are two
answers to give one is the exact honest
answer yeah I drank a lot of beer
terrible role model and he also doesn't
give on the Supreme Court which of
course is more important and that beer
he drank as a teenager doesn't really
matter to anything so what was the more
responsible thing to do for someone who
is a role model to lots of teenagers not
just his own the responsible thing to do
is the same thing every one of you are
doing to your teenage kids right now and
everything your parents did to you when
you are a teenager the responsible thing
to do is to lie lie lie if Brett
Kavanaugh is the good person that he is
alleged to be he should have he should
have lied to that Congress he should
have said when I was 17 I did like to
have a beer now and then but I didn't
take it too far that is a responsible
lie do I care that this person who is a
role model played down he is drinking a
17 that really hadn't made an you know
no practical difference to the
accusation but it probably made a big
difference to the people who would be
influenced by oh man he's a Supreme
Court judge and he was a drunk when he
was 17 I guess I can do that Supreme
Court hears to the Supreme Court
all right so if he lied about his beer
drinking thank you so let me say this to
Brett Kavanaugh
if you lied so speaking now to judge
Kavanagh himself if you lied about how
much beer you drank when you're 17 thank
you
thank you I appreciate that because you
are a role model specifically - you know
not just you know the country because
the the whole role model to the country
thing I don't think is nearly as
important as the fact that in his actual
life there was a pretty large population
of teenagers who looked up to him and he
was a leader a coach a dad to a number
of them so if he lied about his beer
drinking at age 17 thank you
just thank you that's it that is the
only reaction you should have to that
thank you because that was a responsible
thing to do somebody says I'm not gonna
lie to my kids well if you don't lie to
your kids you didn't do anything good
I'm sure you did but somebody said he
was number one in his class and went to
Yale how could he do that as a drunk
well you could you could still drink a
lot and get good grades those are not
mutually exclusive lying is not
responsible what a ridiculous statement
well here's the thing
lying about that very specific thing
because it would be bad for real-life
high school people is a responsible
thing to do because keep in mind how
many how many adults saw a Cavanaugh
play down his beer drinking and believed
it even the people let me ask you this
is there anybody who heard Cavanaugh say
the aim is beer drinking was sort of a
casual no big deal thing is there any
adult whether you're pro kavanah or anti
Kavanagh is there any adult who believed
that to be true I don't think so right
there's no adult who saw that and said
yeah mm-hmm yeah that looks true
is there any adult let's talk about the
yearbook is there any adult who heard
his explanations about the
your book and said to themselves oh yeah
that's probably exactly what it was
these things just look worse than they
are mm-hmm probably not probably that I
think most responsible adults either Pro
Kavanagh or anti said he was 17 it's
just not a look you want to put out
there it's it's not what you want to
influence other people to do it's not
that it's now something you want to you
you want to portray as being okay he is
a role model he's like a bigger role
model than anybody we've ever had in
politics for a long time so if he lied
about those trivial things I hope he did
all right that's all I got for now I'll
talk to you later
hey avatar John I notice you