all right let's see if I've got a better
signal this time I had to sign off and
sign back on apparently there was
something wrong with the single at least
one person that says it's good okay
everybody says it's better as soon as
everybody piles back in here cuz I know
you will come on back come on back all
right so I was starting to tell the
story I know you want another
simultaneous up get ready lift your copy
of my glass through sign break your
thermos and join me second one's even
better so I was talking about do I have
the right last name Piers Morgan and his
show his co-host was talking about the
fine people hoax as if it were real and
she was she was repeating the fake news
that the president called neo-nazis in
Charlottesville fine people now they
were talking to Al Sharpton so as I was
saying before we got cut off here that
al Sharpton you would expect of all
people in the world would would agree
with the hoax in other words you would
expect al Sharpton to act as though the
president really had called neo-nazis
fine people in Charlottesville but he
didn't he didn't Al Sharpton
did not agree expressly with the hoax
that the president called be at
neo-nazis fine people instead what he
said was that the if the president was
talking about people on both sides of
the statute debate specifically the
robert e lee and their Sharpton
explained robert e lee was in Sharpton's
view a bad guy because he was trying to
overthrow the government which is pretty
bad and he was a slave owner which is
really bad they're both really bad so al
Sharpton is not wrong about
characterization of robert e lee you
know the other people will characterize
it differently i understand there's a
difference of opinion but he wasn't
wrong on the facts and then he said that
that's even that's even the worst part
that if you could support people who
support that statue that's pretty darn
you know racist now i'm gonna claim
success here because most of you know
i've been talking about this forever i
to object to offensive confederate
statues but i i i i also recognize that
there are normal
good americans who are not racists who
just wouldn't destroy any historical
monument no matter how offensive because
it's just part of their history their
culture or whatever and again good
people could imagine that we understand
is context so it's not you know maybe
you should not be offended my view is
that wall i believe people should not be
offended by it people are offended by it
you can't change that yeah the fact that
you don't want people to be offended by
it doesn't really change the fact that
they are so if you live in the country
where some huge percentage of your
citizens are deeply offended i mean
pretty deeply offended and they've got a
good good argument for it
just be a good citizen why would you
offend 1/2 or 1/3 of your country if you
don't need to you know need to anyway so
I'm opposed to Confederate statues but
I'm more opposed to the fine people hoax
which is a complete fabrication and has
been driving the narrative about this
president for since 2017 I guess so even
al Sharpton was unwilling to say on
television that the president called the
neo-nazis fine people I'm pretty sure
that by now he's been exposed to the
actual transcript and he would actually
be embarrassed
push the hoax that even the host of the
show is pushing I call that success now
my article that I wrote or my blog post
in which I I documented all of the ways
that people go down the hoax funnel from
starting with the pure lie that the
president called neo-nazis find people
to shown the transcript it's you could
see to debunk but then they go down and
say well they were marching with the
Nazis and then you show that they
weren't well okay they weren't marching
with the Nazis but you know why does the
president wait so long and why doesn't
he you know so you can definitely just
these these random questions instead of
a statement anyway he got picked up by
Zero Hedge has republished it today and
where else has it been republished
seeing few other places
it was republish why am I forgetting
oh and then Ann Coulter is featured in
Breitbart talking about the hoax as well
now there's no reference to anything
I've done in that she just does her she
just does her own work and well
Oh Larry elder God after Piers Morgan
for for spreading the hoax
who else we got going here anyway oh and
here's the funny part
apparently MSNBC apparently MSNBC is
saying that the people who were calling
the fine people hoax a hoax in other
words people like me they're calling us
truthers truthers now if you're gonna
insult me calling me a truther this is
the very best way you can do it because
I'm pretty sure that I am actually
telling the truth in a way that any
media organization can validate they
report it as
the truth so the things that the things
that I say are even all the news
organizations report as the truth it's
actually what he said he condemned the
basis all right so I guess it was Nicole
Wallace on MSNBC he was referring to the
hoax Busters as the Charlottesville
truthers
I hope they stick with that oh my
 god are you telling me that we
lost this again are you kidding
me seriously
can anybody hear me now
all right I was frozen for a minute let
me just confirm that we're back on here
because it just doesn't feel like this
is accidental anymore
honestly let's talk about anyway let
just put a put a bow on this fine fine
people hoax or thing I'm a number of
people anyway how many of you have tried
my challenge where you guess somebody
who believes the fine people hoax and
you walk them through the hoax funnel by
debunking each claim until the claims
get smaller and smaller until people are
asking just dumb questions like well why
didn't except and as soon as you as soon
as you get to well okay you've debunked
everything I think was true but how do
you explain this if you're down to how
do you explain and it's all easy to
explain you've kind of won how many of
you have tried the challenge on someone
I saw on Twitter that somebody somebody
tried the challenge have any of you try
to yet and I just want to see if you had
the experience I predicted that the
person you asked to read the quote from
President Trump where he condemns
totally the neo-nazis the challenge was
to see if you can actually get them to
read it out loud to you in the
so freezing again and and the and the
the challenges the challenges that I
don't think people can actually speak
the words I think that their brain would
actually freeze and I mean that I mean
that there would be an actual
psychological phenomenon that you could
spot where they wouldn't be able to say
the words they would get mad or they'd
throw it at you or they'd say it's made
up or it's out of context or you're
lying but they wouldn't be able to just
mean it so that's that's the challenge
see if it gets me how do you debunked so
many proven lies I don't know what you
mean
I'm just looking your comments to see if
we still have a connection I think we do
alright let's talk about Barr who
apparently all yesterday I called Bob
Barr but is William bar bill bar so
let's call him bill bar because that's
actually his name
we'll do that today I've been trying to
figure out from the terrible terrible
news coverage and really the the news
coverage of the bar testimony was maybe
the worst I've ever seen probably the
worst I've ever seen and I'm not talking
about anyone never it was all bad it was
just all bad everywhere I mean
disgustingly bad even on the same
network and I won't name names but even
within the same network they were
reporting the news as opposites somebody
would say that bar is claiming X and the
next person say bar is now claiming X
and I'm thinking this is the same
network just just decide what the news
is you know do you know what you have to
be right but just report it the same on
your network but here are the some of
the things I've figured out and I don't
know how many of you have figured this
out as well there was a wonderful
article which I just tweeted tweeted by
- dammit Taurus
I am so unorganized alright there was a
wonderful article that I just retweeted
by will Chamberlain at which he takes
you through the fascinating story of how
the lawyers for the president probably
got to this good result and the the
basic story I thought I knew this story
but but will offers one piece of
speculation I hadn't heard so you knew
that bill bar before he was Attorney
General wrote a long well researched
piece in which he said that the
obstruction thing doesn't apply and he
made a very narrow interpretation of it
and his argument was based on that and I
thought to myself with all this
reporting I don't believe I've ever seen
the actual word of the law in other
words the specific wording that
everybody is saying the president either
violated or did not violate like what
exactly is the law so that's one of the
failings so I'm gonna read you the
obstruction law there are two parts and
the two parts are what's important now
bars argument apparently is that the
second part is referring to the first
part and Muller's interpretation is that
they're just two separate parts all
right now I actually agree with Muller
on this because they look like just
separate parts to me but one says that
you could be guilty of obstruction of
justice if you alter or destroy you know
documents or materials now that was very
clear and there's no claim that the
president destroyed any documents or had
anybody destroying any documents but the
second part is sort of a cleanup a
cleanup part where says the word
otherwise or otherwise obstruction
fluence rupees and the official
proceedings or attempts to do so now
that to me seems exactly applicable to
what
using the president of of otherwise
obstructing influencing or repeating so
that argument is the obstruction
argument
apparently bill Barr wrote a piece that
said that that second part was really
just a clean up to the first part and so
the the law and obstructions so narrow
that since the president I guess didn't
destroy any documents that that it
didn't apply now
I don't think that's a good argument I'm
no lawyer but it doesn't sound good to
me said but that's just one of the
arguments and then what will added was a
speculation that the lawyers for the
President may have asked bill bar to
write that letter and then when it was a
letter that they liked they got rid of
sessions you know got the President to
fire sessions after the midterms brought
it in bar so that they knew they had
somebody who would have the right
interpretation somebody's mentioning
Alan Dershowitz in the comments and
that's where I'm going next
so what argument is that the obstruction
ruling should not be interpreted that
way Muller says it is written I feel
feels like a weak argument to me and I'm
not the Supreme Court so don't think my
word for it the other is that you that
we heard was that obstruction only
applied to a pending case and there was
no pending case against the president I
won't get too technical but apparently
that are given got thrown away because
the the obstruction rule has been
interpreted or there's some precedent to
say that potential cases are also
included and certainly there was a
potential case so the argument that you
know there's no ongoing criminal case
was not relict okay so it's two
arguments that I've heard that don't
make sense to me again not a lawyer just
the person watching the news then
there's one that says that everything
the President did was within his
within his job description I think this
is closer to the alan dershowitz
argument there you can't say somebody
had intention to obstruct justice if
what if what we've observed are the
normal actions of a president doing the
job of a president that even if that did
have the effect of impeding the
investigation you couldn't say that was
the intent because it was also just
doing regular president stuff now I
think that's the argument that bill Barr
settled on essentially abandoning or at
least not mentioning his own original
argument so when he did his summary of
the Moller report and God knows I might
be getting some of this wrong when he
did a summary he didn't use his original
argument the document he wrote before he
was a J which is interesting he didn't
use his own argument he used what
sounded like more like the Dershowitz
argument that there's no evidence that
the President had intent because
everything was just an example of him
doing his job now here's where and then
there was the argument that you can't
indict a sitting president and
apparently that was never anybody's
argument so Muller never made the
argument Barr never made that argument
so that was just sort of a pundit
argument I guess so that one really
never became important in the case for
those one of the arguments and then I
was watching Judge Napolitano on Fox
News saying that I hope I just heard
this wrong so I'm gonna say just so I
don't get sued for some kind of libel or
slander that I may have heard this wrong
so don't take it from me as fact I'll
put it out there as I don't know what
I'm seeing and I don't understand it it
looked to be like Napolitano we're
saying that bar was basing his legal
opinion and the fact that there was no
underlying crime I didn't see that does
that even sound like a reality that you
were watching did you see did you see
Napolitano
anyway did anybody see Barre say that
the reason there was no obstruction is
because there was no underlying crime I
don't think he said anything like that
indeed I'm pretty sure he believes the
opposite although I don't know he said
it specifically but why wouldn't he
believe the opposite when every lawyer
in the world believes it I mean it
sounded like Judge Napolitano was saying
that bar is the only lawyer in the world
in the whole world he would be the only
one who believes that obstruction of
justice can only be applied if there's
an underlying crime I don't believe that
anybody believes that was a lawyer so I
didn't know what I was seeing
how could Judge Napolitano who
presumably is a very smart guy how can
he be saying that and how could it be on
the news yeah I he said the opposite
right so I didn't know if I was hearing
it wrong but this is my larger point
when I was watching the news yesterday
did anybody and if you have the same
reaction that the news didn't seem to be
news it looked like complete BS on all
the channels all the time it looked like
nobody really understood what they were
watching nobody understood who said what
nobody could remember what anybody's
opinion was it just looked like a mess
that's what I saw now maybe maybe the
the news will start to you know focus
bore oh we're getting out of this fog of
war situation but I come down I come
down to this there's no way you could
get 12 jurors to convict a president you
know forget about a sitting president
even an ex-president
you can't get 12 citizens of this
country to say that the president trying
to impede something that he alone knew
wasn't valid because remember everyone
in the world didn't know what was true
and what
except one person only only the
president knew he didn't he didn't to
collude he was sure nobody else was sure
but he was sure so if you could tell me
you can get a jury to convict on that
good luck you're never gonna convince me
of that even if the facts say it should
be a conviction here I'd like to
introduce a new conspiracy theory or
maybe a couple it starts with a general
concept you can't trust anything in the
news all right I think you agree with me
so far right just because it's in the
news and even if it's on all the network
news that doesn't mean it's true
and that's triple true if the news is
coming from let's say the government
only and especially let's say any
military intelligence CIA organization
and the organization that does not
traffic in the truth and that's a lot of
organizations right any intelligence
organization they like to know the truth
for themselves but they're not really in
the in the business of telling the
public the truth in fact they're in the
business of telling the bit of telling
the public untruths if it's good for the
country that's the business whether it's
our public or some other country's
public they're in the business of lying
that's they're professionals they're
trained to do it that's it's practically
the job description so there are two
stories that make me scratch my head and
say well I don't know if that's true
here's the first one the first story we
heard is that Maduro the horrible leader
of Venezuela the other day was planning
to get on the plane and leave and leave
the country to the to the named
president who would take over and the
story that we were given by our
government not by the press
but the story that were given by our
government is that Russia stopped Medora
from getting on the plane and leave it
now there are two possibilities one
that's completely true right you can't
rule that out I mean one possibility
that's exactly what happened
Maduro was gonna lose right and Bolden
said it so our government has said it
very clearly that he was going to get on
the plane but Russia stopped him do you
think that's true really do you think
that's true because it might be it makes
perfect sense right there's nothing
about that story that on the surface
rules about right so I'm not gonna say
it's not true I'm just gonna put out
this speculation if it were not true it
would be an excellent thing for our
government to say to get the result we
walked has our government ever said
anything that wasn't true to get a
result that we wanted well yeah pretty
much all the time so if you were a
Venezuelan person and you supported
Maduro and you heard that the only thing
keeping him in the country is the
Russians would you support him as much
if you were one of the protesters or you
were not on the side of Maduro but you
were not really active you know you're
sort of watching it you weren't in the
streets and you heard them Maduro would
have left except for Russia would that
cause you to get off the couch and get
in the streets so here's my question I'm
not saying it's not true I'm just saying
that if it's not true it would have been
an excellent rumor to start because it's
very productive it's an excellent rumor
and in fact starting to you know reframe
Venezuela as a Russian puppet or worse
I'd like to know which sounds worse to
the ears of a typical
that is well and resident which sounds
worse you've been conquered by Cuba
which effectively is true because Cuba
is protecting Medora the ubin forces and
I don't think Medora can do anything
that Cuba doesn't want him to do because
they protect him
so in effect Maduro already doesn't run
the country the the small group of
people who were keeping him alive
we are the de facto rulers of the
country now if Russia has direct control
over those Cubans who are keeping Medora
alive well then you could say Russia is
really already in charge of that as well
and that would that would be really
supportable if you knew that link was as
strong as I said but which one of those
two sounds worse it's probably been
tested our government probably tested
and said all right what sounds worse you
Venezuelans maybe focus group or somehow
they talk to people who are were close
to the people on the street so that they
can know what sounds worse does it sound
worse that Cuba took over your country
or does a sound worse that Putin took
over your country
which one would get you back in the
streets so when bolton says that the
Russians stopped Maduro and Maduro says
that that's just not true it's laughable
I say to myself I don't think I'm going
to uncritically assume that that the
official story from our own government
is true it might be true ish there might
have been a conversation the Medora had
with the Russians that you could spin
that way but don't accept uncritically
that that ever happened it might have
happened I'm not saying it didn't but
don't accept it uncritically secondly
and this is the fun one the first one
who was just sort of to prime you for
the second one did you see the video of
the al-baghdadi I guess the the leader
and founder of Isis
apparently we only had one video of him
he announced Isis five years ago and
then there's this complete lack of any
video or photographs of him to the point
where we weren't sure he was alive you
know there was rumor he might have been
killed or seriously injured and then
suddenly there's this very clear video
of him hanging around and talking to his
buddies and talking about how Isis has
been badly defeated on the battlefield
now he still says his Isis stuff but he
admits that on the battlefield they've
just been basically crushed and now I
ask you this is that really el Baghdady
how hard would it be for the CIA or
somebody who does that kind of work to
create a video of a fake Baghdady and
how good does it need to be now it
doesn't have to be CGI although that's
an option it could just be somebody with
a you know grew a beard and sort of
looks like Baghdadi because suppose Isis
said no that's that's not the real
Baghdady we know who he is and it's not
that guy who would know
does does Isis let me let me use the
concept when we watch the fake news in
our own country you've all had you've
all seen this said that the fake news
will go viral and you'll get a you know
ten million views so the fake news gets
ten million views and then following up
is the no no no that was fake news and
even if the the fact that it was fake
news can be demonstrated the media will
report that because they do report
Corrections well how much will the
correction be seen by a thousand people
so the the fake news goes to ten million
the correction goes to a thousand
because it's just not interesting or
whatever so
fewer the CIA and peg daddy had not been
in public for five years and even Isis
fighters weren't quite sure if he was
still around wouldn't you try to create
a video of fake news that would
certainly be detected in other words
there are people at Isis who would know
for sure it's not real because they
would know Baghdady or they know he's
dead or they they saw him yesterday or
something
so there would be some people but those
people could not tell their story
without revealing that they've seen
Baghdady laced lately so let's say
several people came out and said it's
not him I was just with him yesterday
suddenly we have a much better idea
where Baghdad he is so it's sort of
awkward for Isis to deny it because they
would have to tell you a little bit too
much about where he is and what he's up
to
in order to deny it credibly just saying
it's not him would just cause confusion
and probably wouldn't get nearly as much
nearly as much play as the original fake
so I'm not saying that wasn't I'm not
saying that was a fake al-baghdadi
I'm not saying that I'm saying if it
wasn't a fake one our CIA are
incompetent because they should have
created a fake one by now if they have
not if this is not affect Baghdad II who
the hell is in charge of the people who
are trying to fix this Isis problem that
would have been on the top of my list of
smart things to do you know if that's
what if that wasn't on the top of their
freakin list of smarter things to do
let's serve fire in people because that
was the obvious play it doesn't matter
how how easily it's debunked irrelevant
it's gonna have the same effect as all
of our fake news does that once it gets
out there you just can't you can't take
it back
so I asked myself am I the only person
who thought of this fake Baghdady idea
well I don't think so
I mean in terms of the CIA and you know
homeland security and people who are bad
at battling Isis do you think I'm the
first person who had this idea no it
would be the most obvious play you could
ever do you could create an audio or in
this case a video is really compelling
because it's visual so I would think and
and and here's the second part you would
want that version of Baghdady
to paint a negative picture of Isis but
not so negative it's obvious it's a fake
so what's the what would that look like
well it would look like Baghdad II
saying you know kill the West you know
the the the heathens are bad so just
just to be you know a normal al-baghdadi
Isis guy but then he says the kill shot
they're our army which we thought was
supported by God he didn't say that part
but it's implied has been just
completely crushed on the battlefield if
you're listening for this and you are a
potential Isis recruit do you say yeah
let's do Bora this I don't think so
the best thing that we could have ever
done we meaning intelligence services is
to produce a fake Baghdady
saying that they're losing badly and
apparently he doesn't have another you
know I don't remember that he had a
better plan he was just saying the plan
we have the only plan we have is totally
losing and it's losing like badly that
would be the best thing our CIA could do
alright enough on that what else when we
going to talk about today I'm gonna
check my excuse me long log back in
all right have you noticed that the news
let me let me start this point by
reading a tweet that I sent out so
here's a tweet that I sign now has
around a thousand retweets so people
liked it
listen to this point I said that in 2016
if everything that them Democrats
believed was true so let's imagine that
it's 2016 and the Democrats have a
number of ideas about who president
Trump is if any of that had been true
their belief in 2016 what would it look
like today
it would look like we'd be in a
depression we'd be in a nuclear war
there would be prison camps for I guess
anybody who wasn't white and we'd have
an insane Russian puppet our Tsar
president how many of those things
happened zero not only not even close
right nothing even suggestive of that
direction happened instead what do we
have in 2019 so in 2019 if Democrats are
right about everything they believe
let's say the Democrats starting today
have a certain set of beliefs let's say
they're all true in 2016 that would have
meant you know nuclear war depressions
and all that today if everything the
Democrats think about this president is
true it would mean that the president is
guilty of almost impeding a witch-hunt
on a crime that didn't exist but he
didn't he almost but didn't impede an
investigation into a witch hunt that is
literally the worst case scenario now
have they noticed that their worst case
scenario went from the zombie apocalypse
you know nuclear war and starvation and
prison camps have they noticed that that
has gone down the hoax funnel have you
know this hoax funnel idea you give your
it's a little sticky because you keep
seeing it the big lie nuclear war you
know the big lies depression he's a
Russian puppet and they've all they've
all been reduced to well what about his
personality well what about the moral
fiber of the country
hey he's told ten thousand lies that for
some reason have made no difference
whatsoever but he's got that funny
haircut and the funnel just gets smaller
and smaller until they just are asking
questions so no longer are we talking
about the twenty-fifth amendment no
longer are we talking about Russia
collusion unless we're crazy no longer
are we talking about a weak economy
unless we're blind and stupid no longer
are we talking about prison camps
because it was frickin stupid from day
one and that was just extra extra stupid
we're talking about his personality
maybe he says mean tweets that's that
that's it so that's pretty good news but
here are some of the things that people
are seriously arguing in the political
realm as if these are the important
points of the day all right and maybe
you can add some more so think about
some more and put them in the comments
here are some things that people are
arguing about who was he referring to
when he said fine people compared to
nuclear war depression prison camps wait
a minute what did he mean by those words
different right another thing is he
keeps the president keeps saying he's
exonerated but Muller says there's just
not enough him there's no not in there's
not evidence to say he colluded well
you're sort of arguing about the
definition of words and yes yes present
the president is over claiming what it
means to have no evidence you know lack
of evidence is not proof of no
right but we do live in a country in
which the the presumption of guilty
should be the guiding principle so for
the president to say he's exonerated
when somebody's looked at it thirty five
million dollars several years I can't
find a freaking thing I don't think
that's too far wrong it's wrong like
it's it's technically absolutely untrue
that the president was exonerated but is
it really wrong is it is it really I
mean all we're arguing about is that the
biggest arguments we have my my
contribution to the argument would be
really is that what those words mean
it's not nuclear war it's not a
Holocaust it's just a word he's using a
word wrong my god his semantics how how
will the Republic survive his different
use of words here's another one
is it obstruction or not and then there
was the argument with I guess Kamala
Harris was a grilling bar at the
testimony and Baro was wondering about
the question of suggests and she said
did the president suggest that you do
whatever and the bar is like well I
don't know I have problem with the word
suggest and I'm thinking that's our
biggest problem we're literally talking
about words now got a couple of other
updates on climate all good news sort of
if you want to believe it it's all good
news number one we're seeing the term
green nuclear deal more places Michael
Medved use use the term in an article so
this is another success for Mark Snyder
who's been an advocate for people
understanding that nuclear is the really
the only solution that we know to any
kind of climate risk and
wouldn't even matter if you have climate
risk it's still the only thing you
should be doing energy wise not the only
thing you should be you should be doing
it hard no matter what you think about
the climate because we need the energy
it's good for the world it helps poor
people emerge electricity basically
takes people out of poverty so that's
good and also I believe China's doing
some stuff with some plants and I saw it
I asked mark an estimate for how many of
the generation 3 nuclear sites these are
the kinds of understand France is mostly
or all generation 3 we have a few of
those I think planned in in this country
and the total number of generations 3
nuclear sites who have been around for
20 years or so the total number of them
that have had a meltdown event what do
you think the number is because there
are a lot of them all right there are a
lot of them around the world how many do
you think have had a meltdown event the
generation 3 yeah zero exactly zero and
that's that's what Michael Shellenberger
was saying that you don't need to wait
for the exotics you know that the
generation for which if you did
everything right would be even safer
because they would be designed so
meltdown wasn't even an option you know
as opposed to designed to prevent it
that it's a slight difference one
provide one is designed to prevent
something which is technically possible
generation for if it ever became
practical and economical would make it
not even something that could happen
even if everything went wrong but still
apparently we've we've gone a far enough
on the learning curve that nuclear
generation 3 is being built in this
country there are a few being planned
already in the process and on top of
that
apparently AOC and others were there was
some congressional testimony
I don't know all the details in which
there were experts who came in and
talked about climate change and one of
the experts was a statistician who
essentially blew holes in the climate
change I guess
alarmist view now he can't remember his
name but I tweeted it so if you look at
my tweets let's see let me see if I can
find his name I want to give him credit
he were bone bare with me talk among
yourselves yeah he's a skeptical science
scientist and now I don't want to say
that I'm promoting the point of view of
the people I'm talking about because I'm
not I'm just gonna tell you what they
talked about and then you can make your
own judgments alright it's dr. caleb
Rossiter and his is money quote is that
we're trying to save the people of the
planet from the people saving the planet
so his his basic thesis is that carbon
and warming have only been good net and
very good for the world so far and that
statistically speaking there is not
there's not evidence that the co2
increases that we've seen already are
going to create any kind of calamity and
in fact it might all be positive now you
might you might say to yourself well
that's opposite of what I've been
hearing and so I don't say that roster
is correct how would I know but I want
to make a distinction with the different
kinds of sceptics so there's the Tony
Heller kind of skeptic who believes that
there was intentional bad faith changes
to the data to create a false impression
that there's a big problem now I'm not
saying that's true or false I'm just
saying that that's one flavour of
skeptic
who say the data has been fudged
intentionally there are other skeptics
who say that there's no such thing as
co2 causing warming that the basic
physics is just wrong and that maybe
it's something about sunspots I would
say they are not the most credible of
the skeptics again I don't know if
they're right or wrong but they talk
about arguments that the diet that the
climate scientists seem to have been
seemed to have debunked pretty
thoroughly but I'm not the judge I can't
tell if the debunking Israel or not just
there's a lot of it and then there's
what I would call the judith curry
flavor of skeptic i'm not sure she call
herself a skeptic so i don't want to
label her and maybe this dr. caleb
roster who are I would say statistically
skeptical meaning that they're looking
at the the same data that the climate
scientists are but they're saying I
think you've over interpreted the data
or you haven't done it as rigorously as
science would require or it's not as
cleanly obvious that the your
interpretations are obvious just based
on the statistics and so this particular
skeptic said to Congress and he was of
course I guess he's associated with
happer who the president has chosen as
his lead scientist and hampers a skeptic
so it shouldn't surprise us that there
is one and apparently aoc did not like
talking to somebody who knew a lot more
than she did on the topic who didn't
agree with her assumptions about what
was true now I have no way of evaluating
dr. Khaled Rossiter's opinions but
neither do you and I don't know who does
how in the world are we citizens
supposed to look at you know the
scientists says X and then this
statistics person with you know great
resume
nobody says he's nobody says he's
incompetent I mean I haven't read that
I'm sure somebody says that have been
everybody but it looks like he has the
right qualifications and he's looked
into it and he's the right person and
he's looked into it and says I'm I'm not
seeing not seeing the danger but here's
here's where this statistician if I can
call him that that may be the wrong
description for his job type but here's
where he's interesting he totally
accepts the basic science the co2 causes
warming and that it's almost certainly
already present so he's starting with an
agreement with the the most basic part
of climate science yeah co2 is here it's
increased adds the temperature and we
can measure it and it does look like
it's part of the answer maybe but maybe
not all of it and then he makes a better
argument that it doesn't matter because
it's all good the warming is better than
the cooling and all things being equal
even if the warming killed a million
people is better than the cold that are
replaced because the cold were to kill
10 million people I don't know if that's
true and by the way I made up those
numbers those are not his numbers but
it's the sense of the argument all right
so we're seeing tremendously positive
things happen in the climate world one
is that I think the argument and the
debate is getting a little bit more
robust you know when we're down to that
statistical level it seems that there's
a lot of agreement up to the statistical
level and that seems like something we
could kind of dig into and maybe maybe
come to some kind of a better
understanding that way and then there's
the nuclear progress which is there's
all kinds of nuclear progress all over
the world
nuclear energy progress and that's all
good because that is the solution to
climate change all right let's see if I
oh I said yesterday that when people
were accusing bar of creating a
narrative by coming out first with his
summary and then apparently Muller has
some disagreement and the news again was
completely incompetent on this topic and
the the news was reporting that maybe
the disagreement with Muller and Barr
was over just how the news was treating
it or maybe it was that bar shaded the
narrative in a way that
[Laughter]
to change it after that so any any kind
of details are gonna get lost because
the main spin that bar put on it fara
put on it seriously the audio is going
again seriously I'm gonna wait until
somebody tells me the audio is back yeah
I know you can't hear it I'm just
waiting hold on hold on
interestingly I'm back okay
interestingly this is exactly the same
point where my periscope broke up
yesterday probably total coincidence so
I'm going to say at the point again and
see if it breaks up again bar put a spin
on the molar report by being the first
one to talk about it and summarizing it
all summarized all summaries are a
narrative there isn't and they're also
all inaccurate you can't create a
summary that is also accurate there's
those two things are opposites
the summary gets rid of the accuracy in
order to you know make sure that you
understand that least the central point
so saying that bars summary was
inaccurate or misleading is probably not
understanding how the world works
because somebody was going to spin this
thing and it was whoever went first
if mulher summary apparently Mulder had
his own summary if that had one first it
would have been one of the members of
his team would decide how we interpreted
it is that fair well don't know because
we don't know whether we should trust we
don't know much about this member of the
team that member of the team was not an
elected person and we can't you know
it's sort of not transparent but when
bar does it he's doing it in public he's
showing his work he's fully qualified
for this kind of decision
he went to Congress he answered
questions
he showed the entire Muller report all
the data but he did at his own narrative
somebody was gonna add a narrative so if
you're complaining that bar added a
narrative you're not really complaining
about anything cuz somebody was gonna do
that
who's better do you want the fake news
to put their narrative on it because
they would have and you know that so you
don't have a choice of somebody here's
what you don't have you didn't you never
had the choice of nobody going first
that's not a choice somebody was gonna
build a narrative and sell it to the
country and it was going to be the main
one that other people complained about
but it was going to be the main one I
think bar being recently appointed or
recently confirmed by Congress did we
lose the signal again anyway I think
that bar having recently been in his job
through a public process is the most
credible person to do it even though we
accept that he's spitting the narrative
in a positive way for the president I
think we'd all agree they spun it in a
positive way for the president but
remember there was no underlying crime
there's going to be a narrative there's
no such thing as a neutral narrative in
in our world it doesn't happen can't
happen you couldn't do it if you tried
he had to spin it either anti-trump or
Pro job there wasn't anything like a
neutral way to do it
you couldn't write a summary that was
neutral so the fact that he leaned pro
Trump says to me he's doing the job the
way you'd want him to do it and I would
say the same whether it was Hillary
Clinton or somebody else in the office
it doesn't matter if the underlying
crime has been found to be you know just
favor us I don't mind at all
that the Attorney General said all right
this whole thing was sort of a witch
hunt and even if you can make some
technical case on obstruction do we want
to do that as a country is that who we
want to be do we want to be that country
they would make a technical argument on
this BS which on stuff that maybe if you
read the law just right and interpret it
just a certain way well maybe you could
put this president in jail you don't
want that you wouldn't want that you
wouldn't want that if we were before
Hillary Clinton if you're honest you
know if you really want what's good for
the country you wouldn't want that for
anybody doesn't matter who's president
you wouldn't want a First Citizen
wouldn't want her a congress member you
wouldn't want anybody to be treated any
differently than the way Attorney
General bar treated the President of the
United States right in front of us and
showed all of his work and showed all of
Muller's work all right that's as good
as you can do even if you don't think
it's perfect even if you don't like it
it's still as good as you can do it's
the it's the best system we have and in
an imperfect world where somebody had to
go first all right that's all I got to
say for today the leaf blower is outside
my window it's getting noisy I'll talk
to you later