[Music]
well I see locals is in the house and
YouTube in the
house Rumble where are you Rumble come
on Rumble come on X I know you're coming
online anybody on Rumble want to say
you're here and we'll get going Rumble
in the house all right we're all here
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's never been a better time in your
life if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that can only
compete with possibly the birth of your
second child it's you know maybe
competitive with the first but uh if
you'd like to take it up to that level
all you need is a cuper Mugger glass of
tanker ass sign a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure it's
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens
now uh the audio is perfect the lighting
is
good I think it's all coming together at
the moment don't you it really is
well there's yet another study I know
it's unbelievable saying that caffeine
May reduce Parkinson's Risk by
40%
wow given the amount of coffee that I
drink I believe my Parkinson's will be
reduced so far that I can stand next to
people who might have gotten
Parkinson's and they would feel better
yeah that's how much coffee I drink
there's sort of a coffee glow about me
when I walk around I can heal people if
you have a little uh Parkinson's or
Alzheimer's or dementia starting to kick
in one slap on the back for me will set
you right yeah shake hands you're
good there's another study says there's
an unexpected connection between Menthol
and Alzheimer's apparently if you sniff
Menthol and your mouse this seems to be
very important to the whole process so
first become a
mouse I know it's not easy to do but if
you could become a mouse and then you
could sniff some Menthol your cognitive
abilities would increase quite a bit
that's right now I have a theory about
that you
ready my hypothesis speculation why
would sniffing menthol
make your brain work
better I have one hypothesis it has to
do with walking my dog I've told you in
my reframe that my dog doesn't like to
walk she loves to sniff and I can't get
her to walk because she'll just be
sniffing and peeing and sniffing and
sniffing I learned that sniffing is what
really lights up her brain so if you're
a
dog sniffing where the other dogs have
been in your neighborhood is like
reading war in peace which was like
really good brain exercise just to sniff
now let's take that learning about dogs
to humans humans do not have the same um
highly developed sense of smell would
you
agree we do not but Suppose there was a
a specific smell that was unlike other
smells let's say Menthol because when I
walk around life you know what I don't
smell a lot of
Menthol if if you if you go into the
office today do you smell any
Menthol no so it's a strong smell it's
also unusual in your environment my
hypothesis is that we're not that
different from the dogs and that if you
could do something that excites your
sense of smell that it just lights up
your brain like the dog so it could be
that the menthal has less to do with the
chemistry because there there's some
thought it's because of the chemistry uh
it might be less to do with the
chemistry and more to do with the
uniqueness and strength of the smell
itself so I don't know if any of that's
true but I'm going to get some V Vapor
Rub and shove it up my nose and see if
anything good happens that's how I'm
going to play
it anyway I don't know exactly I guess
mint you want to any kind of minty smell
is good
well scientists have also found and this
this appeals to my greatest nerd likee
senses scientists found a buried branch
of the Nile that may have carried the
pyramid Stones so it turns out that
there's a dried up riverbed that not
coincidentally goes where most of the
pyramids
are so apparently one of the biggest
mysteries of history may have just been
solved which is a of course if there
were gigantic um you know river near all
the pyramids and it kind of snaked where
all the pyramids are yeah almost
certainly that's how they got those Big
Blocks where they needed to be now how
they lifted him is maybe still a little
question but I think we were kind of
sold on the fact that they floated them
I feel like you know they just put
enough wood around it until it
floated all right there's more attacks
of killer whales
uh attacking and sinking uh yachts in
the straight of G Gibralter so
apparently the
orcas have uh learned or trained each
other by observation to attack some
types of ships and they attack very
specifically at the uh the rudder
because apparently if you break the
rudder off you can sink a boat or you
can at least disable it so it's the
weakest part of the boat and the killer
whale attacks
um they've been increasing and U now one
of the parts of the story they don't
tell you and this is why you listen to
me uh there is a rumor and I think it's
true that the the killer whales are
funded by George
Soros now how do I know
that well I don't know that for sure but
a lot of the orcas were reportedly
wearing face
masks so
I'm I'm just connecting the
dots I can't guarantee that George Soros
is funding the orcas but when I saw the
face mask I was like 2 plus 2 equals 4
that's all I'm saying right here's a
little test I'd like to see how we did
yesterday I told you about a reframe the
get out reframe which I also posted by
the way you can you can see some videos
of it in my uh X feed and I put one on
locals for the subscribers
but the idea is that if you're too much
in your
head uh you realize you have two lives
one is your imaginary life inside your
head but then there's a real one in the
real world and if you just say get
out and just tell yourself get out get
out get out of your head and join the
real world you will instantly instantly
get rid of bothersome um thoughts
they're recurring bothersome thoughts so
I asked I asked all of you to try it now
I've already done this with the local
subscribers so I'm going to look at your
comments now for a moment from all the
platforms that have comments and I want
to see if any of you tried it because I
know that a whole bunch of people in the
locals platform says it works and it
works for me
so uh I just want to see on Rumble and
YouTube did anybody try it you can't see
the comments that I can see but the
locals people roll yes yes yes it works
yes it works it's just a wall of yes all
right you can't see
it um it is a micro lesson so I posted
it as a micro lesson
yesterday um but you can also see the
full explanation from my live stream
that is also posted so it's it's in my
account maybe one day
down all right uh I'm not really seeing
feedback yes or no I tried it
oh I guess yes it's a miracle I got a
no I got a
yes I got it and it worked this is from
Rumble I'm saying well there you go now
of course if it's if it's like
everything else in the world tried it
and it works
it's if it's like everything else in the
world it won't work for every person
every time that's pretty much everything
um but if you look at the ratio of yeses
to the people who said no it's 10:1 20:1
something like that if you saw something
that would take two words to
do that's it that's your entire effort
just two
words and you could just try it and
there's no
downside why wouldn't you try it so I
think most of you will end up trying it
at least once cuz I mean it's just so
easy and that the benefits are so big if
it works so it looks like it really
works so if you're wondering about the
power of a
reframe uh do you have any questions
left now this reframe is not my book
which you see behind me reframe your
brain it's out now so that those are
over 200 reframes and all manner of life
but you can see how powerful a reframe
is the the reframes are just is super
fast and Powerful so between alcohol is
poison and the get
out you know those are two reframes that
could make a huge difference in not just
addiction to
alcohol but uh your mental health now
imagine if there were reframes that
could help you do things like get rid of
Survivor guilt and be more successful at
work and have better relationships
and exercise better and be there are you
just have to find them a bunch of them
are in my book all right so I'm glad we
tested that looks like the test is a big
success do you know how exciting that is
to
me do even be part of watching all these
people say yeah it helped it helped it
helped it's amazing now I always tell
the people in the uh my locals community
at scott. locals.com that we formed a um
something like a meta
brain where I'm the I'm more like the
conductor but that it's like a
collective intelligence because we we
work on the same topics at the same time
and I wouldn't have done this one except
that when I brought it up somebody asked
me and then I took a stab at it and then
the other people in the group said yes
we tried it and it worked so it's it's
like one big brain that's thinking of
ideas and asking itself questions and
then testing it itself and then coming
with a conclusion it's kind of exciting
anyway speaking of AI researchers
believe they have made an AI that can uh
detect sarcasm in humans because that's
pretty important you don't really know
what humans are up to if you can't read
sarcasm but I don't know if it can
detect a husband apology yet so that
would be the ultimate test all right you
got the easy sarcasm I get it I get you
get the easy stuff but could you catch
an insincere husband
apology oh honey I'm really sorry about
that I never should have been sitting
here
quietly I apologize for working all day
and then resting on the couch for five
minutes I'm not sure that's the ultimate
test the ultimate
test well there's a company called flock
safety that makes uh surveillance
cameras that
work uh on solar so they're very
efficient and they use
5G which means you can put them anywhere
so you don't have to worry about
electricity do you know how many cameras
are going to be in the world if you
don't have to plug them
in as soon as I saw this I thought oh I
I've got a few places I'd like to put a
solar powered camera on my property you
a couple of couple of very small blind
spots I thought oh maybe I'll try this
but yes there will be cameras everywhere
and there's nowhere around it that's
never going to
change but what happens when AI pretends
that it came from a security camera I'm
waiting for the fake security camera
videos from AI you know we all see these
ring camera videos that are usually very
entertaining there's going to be fake
ones there's going to be fake ones
speaking of which
um it was brought to my attention a
video of uh on a there's a video of a
woman talking to the camera and saying
she was going to vote for Trump and
she's a black woman and that was part of
her message is that you know black woman
like me you're going to vote for Trump
even if he's a felon because you know
the alternative is so bad and I sat
there and I watched it and I said to
myself I legitimately can't tell if
that's
Ai and I still don't
know my you know I I'll take the benefit
of a doubt and say it's real but I
couldn't repost it because I couldn't
tell I there there was just a little
imperfection in the
video that could have been natural could
have been a bad signal when she did or
something but just that that little
hitch made me think I I don't know if
she's real now imagine if we were just
one one one year in the
future where it would be the simplest
thing for any person to grab an AI app
and say hey make me an app of somebody
who looks like not a regular um not a
routine Republican voter you know not a
majority Republican voter and make it
seem like that person just turned
Republican and then write a little
monologue where they say oh Donald Trump
is the
best I think that's I think it can be
done now now but you'd have to be pretty
good with AI and be patient a year from
now you'll be able to just ask it to do
it and you won't know the difference
it'll look just like a real person had a
real
opinion so that'll be
fun well uh home costs continue to be
unaffordable unusual whales is reporting
on X so the
um I live in California so these numbers
make me laugh
but it says home buyers need to earn 100
a roundoff 114,000 a year to afford a
typical house in the
US there's nobody in my neighborhood
that could live on
that I I think I think in h California
it's closer to
300,000 to buy an average house you'd
have you'd have to have a combin
household income of over
300 um and 35 % more than what the
typical household earns which is 84,000
so the typical hous for household is
84,000 but a typical house is
114 according to redf
fin so um I use this as further evidence
that our only solution is to build new
cities you may have seen Greg geld
mention it on the five and you know that
Trump has mentioned building cities but
here's what I would like to add to that
that Greg also said yesterday that for
example one of the Cities should be
specifically for the homeless who are
specifically either have mental health
or drug problems now those could be two
different cities one could be the mental
health place where they get a little
extra help but they have some way to
live cheaply that's not a
tent but if they want a tent it happens
to be in a place where the weather's
nice and they just rather have a tent
okay um but basically you need you need
you need cities or towns that are built
for the people who are going to live
there and you cannot mix the drug
addicted um mental health people on the
streets with the rest of the public it
just doesn't work and it's not a
judgment call I don't I don't judge
anybody for their you know situation
just I just don't it's just that you can
have them together it's not saying we
want to ban you or you're evil nothing
like that it's just they don't work
together so I think that the future is
guaranteed to be uh communities where
people who have something in common can
get the things they need because it
makes sense because they're all in one
place let me give you the ultimate
example this that I designed in my
head in a perfect world let me agree
with you
most of you are right leing conservative
type people in my audience I will agree
with you that the perfect situation for
a
family well an individual is a family
unit do we all agree on that in the
perfect world but um as zubie has
pointed out in a post today he said uh
in all the talk of gender Dynamics
dating and marriage nobody makes the
obvious point that the percent of men
who would make good husbands is lower
than ever and the percent of women who
would make good wives is lower than
ever I don't think that's going to
change because it's a symptom of us all
having different choices and we can all
be our own unique selves in the old days
everybody sort of acted the same you
know that everybody was a version of
everybody else you know like a a husband
in the 40s looked like every other
husband in the 40s basically but now
everybody's so different that the the
odds of finding somebody who doesn't
have a habit you can't live with is like
low so here's what I think there should
be maybe not necessarily its own City
but you can imagine its own neighborhood
or territory or apartment complex here's
what I would do I would build a place
that is inexpensive for single parents
male or female and I would build a place
that is meant for people or single
parents and that would make sure that
they were all coordinated with each
other so that they could help out each
other so there'd always be somebody
around in case you needed a babysitter
you would never need
daycare and um If You Needed Somebody To
You know hang up a picture and you
weren't good at it you'd know 20 people
who were good at Hanging a picture so
you you basically would have a place
that everybody's in one place and you
all know who that each other is single
parents same situation and you just help
each other out and then
the women who don't have men in their
lives would have men in their lives it
just would be the neighbor because I
think people would be fine as long as
they've got well let me say it again
because I know you'll intentionally
misunderstand
me if it's possible and the people are
right for it the normal family unit is
still the best it just will not work for
most people in the future more than half
it just will never work for so you need
some other organized
situation yeah some other organized
situation and I think that uh building
new communities around um interests that
work well together Mak
sense I would love to see for example as
somebody who is into organic farming or
indoor Farms or
something collocate with the people with
mental health and drug problems and just
say you know what the the the cost of
living here is so low that I could pay
you minimum wage and you wander in if
you want to and pick some Tomatoes if
you feel like it and I'll give you
minimum wage and we're all
happy so all right I gotta call out the
the dumbest comment I'm seeing in the
comments so somebody's saying that I'm a
communist
because I think that in a free market it
would be make sense to create options
where people could go to be
happier is it communist that you own
your own apartment and you just chose to
live with other people have something in
common and you have your own jobs and
you're you're earning your own money and
you're paying your own
bills that that's what you're calling
Communists it everything I say that's a
different way of organizing there's
always somebody who calls me a
communist all right so that's
my my view of the future well I was not
following this story too closely there's
this football player called Harrison
Booker and he gave a speech at a
Catholic
College I think at a Catholic uh where
was it Catholic priv a private Catholic
school and he said some conservative
things about families and women's roles
and men's roles and dei's tyranny and
Biden is uh has dementia and stuff like
that and uh if you put it all
together he's basically being canceled
for being a white guy with a public
opinion is that fair like I don't I
don't think the the details are
interesting in the least he was just a
white guy with an opinion that's it
there was no
hate he wasn't hating on anybody except
you know the president that's fair all
right and now now people want
to now they want to get rid of
them oh
my but at the same time apparently sales
of his jersey are through the roof
because there are plenty of young men
who are tired of this
 there are plenty of young men
mostly men I mean they're women too but
I'll bet you the people buying new
jerseys were the young men mostly I'll
bet
you well the stock market is up this
year and uh uh I see some of Biden's
proxy supporters saying that that's good
news for Biden because the stock
market's up so I had to put a
clarification on X uh if the stock
market
rises in the first few days of your term
as a new president that might be a sign
of confidence in your in your
administration because the stock market
is thinking a year in
advance but if it happens to be the last
few months of your
presidency and the stock market seems to
be doing well it's not because of you
it's probably because it's looking to
the next president especially when the
polls are saying it's going to be Trump
so in my
opinion when Biden brags about the stock
market if he had done it at the
beginning of his term I'd say you know
all things being equal if there wasn't
some other big effect happening I could
see that all right it's not the whole
story but you know within
political the political world it's close
enough but at the end of his term when
the when the the competitor is polling
well
ahead that's kind of a optimism that the
next person will be better I don't know
how he wants to see it now other people
when I made this comment on X people
said Scott Scott it's really just
inflation and they're not
wrong the the inflation is definitely
the thing that's driving the stock
market but at the same
time people wouldn't buy it if they
didn't think there was also going to be
profits right you wouldn't buy it just
because of inflation you would buy it
because well there's inflation but these
companies are looking like maybe they'll
be better better in a year than they are
now if the only thing that changed was
Energy prices went down a year from
now that goes right to the bottom line
of almost every big
company
so um Comm Harris uh said that uh her
Administration has pardoned tens of
thousands of people with Federal
convictions for simple marijuana
possession it's time to change that so
the it's being
rescheduled um and there was a little
Community note where she claimed that
they had pardoned tens of thousands of
people for marijuana the actual number
is uh not tens of
thousands it's a
24 no not 24,000 not 24,000
24 so she was very close she she
estimated tens of thousands but it was
really uh tens of ones it was tens of
ones two tens of ones 20
something all right how many of you saw
the video of the Dust up between
margerie tillor green and AOC and one
other member of Congress whose name I
didn't get did you see
that you know there there's a certain
set of stories that I know the right way
to handle it is I'm supposed to take
sides and then say the other team is so
outrageous and ridiculous and you know
don't they know how to act and stuff
like that but I'm going to take the
entertainers view on this I was just
kind of entertained so if you missed it
is uh Marjorie Taylor green got into a
little shouting match with do you know
who is the
politician
Crockett am I am I seen
that so there was a female black
politician is Crockett the name I'm
seeing the name Crockett go by but I
don't know if that's the name and and
then AOC got into it but MTG you
margerie Taylor green sort of started
Jasmine C Crockett I'm being told so
apparently marger retail green made a
caddy comment about maybe she didn't
understand cuz her eyelashes were too
big or
something and then Jasmine Crockett
apparently called that racist because
common sense I mean everybody knows that
only black women have fake eyelashes I I
don't know much about makeup but I
learned it from
Congress so if somebody in Congress
tells me that only black people have
fake eyelashes I'll believe it what do I
know but other people say Scott Scott
Scott fake eyelashes are actually common
in other people and not not uh not
exclusive not
exclusive so they got into it and po
comr so comr was the guy uh trying to
keep keep it together and he said he had
two hearing aids I didn't know that but
he has a hearing issue and he said my
two hearing aids can't basically can't
sort this out you're going to have to
going to have to figure out how to be
quiet now let me tell you my opinion of
Marjorie Taylor
green I don't know if I'll always agree
with her I don't know if I have agreed
with her and you know everything in the
past but her entertainment value and and
just the fact that she's willing to
cause trouble I enjoy it every time
like I can't hate it I just it doesn't
even matter what the topic is that
there's something about her lack of
respect for the institution that hits me
just
right do you know what I
mean every time she shows a lack of
respect for Congress or even the other
people in Congress I go well that feels
right say say more of that do more of
that that feels right
so and you know so I'm not gonna I'm not
going to take sides on this one um I
think it's silly that everything's
racist we're very close to the point
where maybe we've already crossed it
where if everything is racist then you
could just ignore the whole
thing and I think that's where we're at
to this point yeah when when people call
me a racist you which happens every day
on social media it used to bother me and
now it just seems funny
because it's a
nothing like somehow I didn't change but
the accusation of racism went from the
most serious thing you could accuse
somebody of except for PTO stuff down to
it it really doesn't mean anything it
just means you're a whiner and you don't
have anything better to say and usually
because in truth almost nothing racist
is ever happening these days you know
you don't get the real stuff anymore you
get the oh I got a dog whis and I think
I can read your mind and none of it's
none of it's
useful anyway that was
fun um apparently there's a report uh
that some of the Trump insiders are
already trying to figure out how to do a
mass
deportation but it's not going to be
easy so the first thing is there would
be a bunch of legal hurdles I guess
Biden did a good job of uh
did a good job of tying things up
legally so there' be some people who are
not citizens who can't be deported for
legal reasons I don't know the details
of that there's the issue of where would
they go where would you Deport them to
they'd have to figure out somebody to
take
them um how do you do it with executive
orders only because you can't count on
Congress backing you up so maybe that's
not even a way to go and then who would
be in charge of it because whoever is in
charge of the m
Roundup is going to get a lot of heat so
don't assume that Trump will succeed in
a mass
deportation I do think he'll try I do
think he'll try and I think he'll try
like he tried with the wall I think
you'll try like hell uh doesn't mean
it'll work now I don't think we're
dead if if by let's say when Trump takes
office if if the if the the migration
continues you know in a in a bad way
it's not going to kill us like I I I
feel like we're at a survivable point As
Long As Trump gets in office or somebody
who's not Biden right it just has to be
not Biden but as long as it's not Biden
and we can stop it in let's say January
early January whenever there's a new
president we're not going to be dead
right it's not an existential threat it
would be if it kept going right there is
some level where it's it's just the end
of the country we're not there but it's
pretty bad and I would say that mass
deportations would be entirely
appropriate
but there is a wild card here are you
ready for
this wild card coming here's something
you didn't think about and I don't think
that the Democrats thought about it
either now you believe I believe all of
you are under the impression that the
real play is not empathy or being good
to migrants that the real play is to
bring in a bunch of Biden or democrat
voters would you agree that the real
play is to get a bunch of
Voters now have I ever mentioned that
Democrats always get the same thing
wrong they don't understand human
motivation would you agree with that
statement they they're not real good at
knowing how are people going to act if
we do this for some reason they're blind
to it I don't know maybe it's a it's a
narcissism dark Triad thing that they
can't really see what anybody else would
feel
um but I'm going to say I put myself in
the position of a new
migrant I'm a new migrant and I know
that there's going to be some effort to
round people up and send them back and I
want to make sure I'm in whatever
category I can get into there would be
the lowest chance I'd be deported so
number one I would try to get a job
would you
agree if it came to we had to choose who
to send back and who not to and and I
wanted to make sure I was going to stay
I would stay in of legal trouble would
you agree stay out of legal trouble and
I would make sure I had work so that
when the deportations happen and there's
prioritization they go hm well I mean
maybe we can't Deport everybody just too
hard too big of a job but we can get rid
of people who are a dragon the system we
could get rid of criminals right that
might be easier so I would make sure
that whatever I did as an
immigrant if I were not yet a
citizen I would make sure that I laid
low and just followed the
rules but there's a third thing I would
do because I'm suspicious by Nature and
let's say I'm a migrant who came from a
country that was with a very suspicious
government and that's why they came do
you think they're going to trust our
government much more than they trusted
the government they
left probably not probably not if you
saw your own government being corrupt
you might assume that that's just the
natural way of things now let's say that
the Democrat said hey I've got an idea
for you why don't you
vote you know cuz places where you can
either do it legally or you can not get
caught doing
it now suppose I were I'm trying to
avoid deportation and I want to have the
lowest profile I can
have if you knew that Trump was going to
be president
next would you vote for
Biden or would you think and I don't
think this is the case or would you
believe you know if they're going to
Prior who to
remove are they going to know who I
voted
for are they going to remove me first
because I voted for
Biden now the reality is no they're not
going to remove you first because you
voted for Biden nobody's going to know
who you voted for but I would think so I
would believe that they knew who I voted
for or at least who how were registered
at the very least they know you reg
registered as a Democrat right so if you
register as a Democrat they're going to
assume you voted Democrat
so would you register as
Democrat if you thought that a
Republican president was coming into
office almost for sure and the first
thing he was going to do is Deport
people and he would have to prioritize
who he deported
first you don't think he'd like to get
the
registered non-citizen
Democrats or the people who are likely
to vote for him the most
likely I mean if he could
I'm not saying that anybody would make
that decision but if I were if I were in
their situation I would assume it's
going to happen and I would not be
voting for the person who would get me
deported most
likely so here's the Wild
Card I'm not so sure the Democrats know
how this group is going to act because I
don't think they understand
incentives and all you have to do is put
yourself in their position and say what
would you do do you know what you can't
do if you're a
narcissist you can't put yourself in
somebody else's situation they can't do
it do you know what you are if you're a
sociopath you can't really put yourself
in the position of the other people
because then you'd care about them what
if you're a
psychopath same thing can't put yourself
in their position so if you believe that
there's some kind of dark Triad
personality thing that's taken over the
Democrats which I do um the huge number
of mentally ill young people who are in
charge it seems to me that they might
have missed this this little wrinkle
that if you put yourself in the position
of the migrants voting doesn't look like
a safe
play it really doesn't so I think they
might be surprised in that all right the
Michael Cohen testimony still fun even
CNN a whole bunch of different people on
CNN are saying yeah he got killed got
destroyed um nobody's going to believe
him but was it uh Lonnie Davis I think
said that it wouldn't matter what Cohen
said because the documents uh make the
case so apparently there's some
situation I'm not F in the details but I
I have not seen any Republican say this
so remember you're you're probably like
me you're in a silo of news for some
reason I found this out today and it's
pretty important
that there's according to I think it was
Lonnie Davis said there was a uh paper
trail that that shows Trump breaking up
payments into smaller chunks which would
only you would only do if it's
reimbursement I guess so the the idea is
that the paperwork suggests it's a
reimbursement not a legal expense if
they can prove it's a reimbursement but
not a legal expense that would mean he's
guilty of some technical violation of
your m demeanor covered up another
misdemeanor which is a felony you know
just some weird legal theory that none
of us understand so uh and I also saw
that Heraldo said posted yesterday that
he thinks there's no chance that unless
something changes Heraldo says he's
going to be
guilty is that your impression because
the news I'm watching would suggest
there's not a chance in hell he's going
to get convicted it would at least be a
hung jury but what's toaldo watching and
what's Lonnie Davis watching see here's
where I ask myself am I fooling
myself have I been in such a bubble that
I just don't even think about this case
because it seems obvious to me there's
no case and if the judge doesn't throw
it out there'll be at least somebody
will hang the jury so you know you don't
really have to think he's going to
actually be convicted but why would
Heraldo think he
is Heraldo is not dumb you know you
don't have to agree with him on issues I
know you got some Heraldo issues but
he's got a legal background
right I I think he's judging that the
jury will be so biased that they they
just need any
reason he might be right it might be
that the jury just needs any reason and
whatever there is in the paperwork is
all they need they don't care what Cohen
said
so I think judge Janine and others have
said it would be be reversed if if it
ever happened I think that's right well
the best part of this story is that an
artist named Scott
lobido uh as part of an art project he
Unleashed hundreds or maybe thousands of
balloons shaped like penises with the
name I guess the faces of Elvin Bragg
and the judge and uh Jack Smith's face
on
it so yes outside the courtroom thousand
of penis balloons were um let go now uh
there wasn't much followup on the story
so I did my own followup and turns out
that uh because of the prevailing winds
those balloons are are all heading
toward Big O
Tires
no they're all going toward Big O Tires
no all right um anyway that
happened I'm a big fan of that art
project by the way uh V ramaswami is
saying that the reason that Biden want
suddenly you know turned around and said
I'll do a debate and I'll do it in June
is uh here's what F says here's why the
Democrats suddenly let Biden debate
Trump it's a setup it's their final Hail
Mary for Biden if that fails they still
have enough time to swap Biden out for a
new nominee that's why it's in June the
earliest ever blah blah
blah
now that's what I think as well to me it
seems obvious that the reason to do it
early is so you can make a
change now V is saying you know make a
change if he
fails but I think they may just assume
he's going to fail and it's just the
easy way to remove him I think they have
to they have to make Biden understand
that he's done and the only way he can
do that is to get destroyed in the
debate I think his staff is feeding him
to
Trump so they
can they're literally just feeding him
to Trump do you think cutting off the
microphone is going to stop Trump from
winning that
debate no no he'll do fine when his
microphone's on
you'll do just fine there's no way in
the world that Trump could lose this
debate I don't think I mean I suppose
anything's
possible so yes I would agree um except
that has more of a conditional on it I
think that he says if he fails I don't
think it's an if I I think he's being
sabotaged by his staff because his staff
knows he's the losing horse and they got
to get rid of the horse and they don't
have enough they don't have enough
evidence to give to the horse to make
him resign because the horse wants to
run so they're going to let the horse
break its own leg on national TV so they
can shoot it and everybody say well I
guess you got to shoot that horse
obviously you have to shoot that horse
so I think the if might be the
questionable part I think this is
they're basically doing them away doing
away with them now how do you make what
do you make of the fact that they've
agreed to a second debate with CBS news
that would be in July or
August July and August gets you right
around the DNC convention
right so maybe the July one if it's
before the I'm not sure the the date of
the DNC but or the Democrat National
Convention but it could be
that they don't plan to ever do
it it could be that that's when they
slot in
Nome here's what will be interesting if
new is Nome is kind of hanging around a
lot
when when Biden's preparing if you hear
that Nome was to stand in and that Nome
played the part of trump so that when
Biden practiced you know he'd have
something
that would be like a little signal that
he's on the inner plan to get rid of
Biden so look for
that um scientists in China found a way
to bring frozen bodies back to life or
at least their cells so they found a way
to
reanimate dead
cells in a
body a human
body that's
dead they can bring it back to life
now you might say to yourself but Scott
how long will it take them to make this
technology work and you know who who
would ever go
first because when I
imagine what you would look like if you
got
reanimated I don't really imagine that
you would be as good as
new that that feels unlikely doesn't
it it seems more likely that you'd have
a little hitch in your get
up which makes makes me
wonder did Biden already die in office
and get
reanimated because he acts exactly like
somebody who died in
office and got
reanimated I mean I don't know what it
looks like if you die and get
reanimated but I'm I'm going to I'm
going to give you my
impression of somebody who died and then
was reanimated I'll start from
uh being on the operating table and then
I'll be reanimated and just just see
what it looks like to you okay so I'm
dead oh
oh
who where am I uh which way uh oh what
happened
now now that's my professional
impression of someone who's been a
reanimated
zombie did it look like
anybody to remind you of
anybody I'm just saying I'm not going to
claim he is a reanimated
zombie I'm just saying you can't rule
today
can't Ru it
out well you heard that there was a
attempted assassination of the
Slovakian prime minister or president
prime minister I
guess and uh Mike Benz is finally
weighing in on this I I feel like as
soon as it happened I said to myself I
don't know anything about this until
Mike Ben does a
video and he did so it turns out
Slovakia is a key component to the Grand
play of stealing all of Putin's gas
business which is really what Ukraine is
all about but as Mike Ben points out the
the gas business is not just about the
gas Fields it's about the pipelines
Ukraine is crisscrossed with pipelines
that allows Russia to get stuff to other
places or
did and apparently
Slovakia is a big component of the
larger pipeline
situation so if you have a head of
Slovakia who's not on board with the US
plan to steal the energy from Putin then
it's big coincidence and he wasn't on
board with that it's kind of a big
coincidence so he gets shot isn't it how
convenient for the larger oper ation to
take over the the energy resources of
Russia
H H that's very coincidental that he's
exactly the person that the bad
Americans would want to be shot and then
he was well how about that yeah so
that's should be understand understood
in the context of the gas
pipelines all right uh this is a funny
question the abuse
account on X ask this if your family is
not engaged in business Endeavors but
instead dedicating their lives to public
service is it normal to have 233 bank
accounts for 175 llc's that would be
separate businesses 175 of them um
because uh representative comr said
recently
hey is a senator represent what is is
comr a senator or representative I can't
remember but
uh but apparently he found another bank
account that tells them something they
believe but that's a pretty good
question isn't
it why do you need 175 llc's and is it
normal to have 233 bank
accounts H well the llc's could be
explained believe it or not
so um this this might actually be a
situation where it can be explained
because every individual
deal that Hunter did was separate from
every other
deal he wasn't doing one contract with
one company he was doing a whole bunch
of deals with a whole bunch of people
probably not that unusual if he had 175
clients I mean I don't know if he did
but if he did having 175 accounts or
llc's would be kind of what you'd
expect so um how many does Trump
have how many llc's does Trump have
400 I think that's the number isn't it
doesn't Trump have 400 Corporate or LLC
entities I need a fact check on that but
it's not super unusual depending on the
nature of your business it's not unusual
to have a whole bunch of separate
entities
it does however
suggest that maybe the real reason is to
hide Your Hide what you're
doing yeah even hundreds yeah H having
hundreds is not that
unusual especially if one of you is a
lawyer it it's it's somewhat just an
ordinary paperwork so if it's uh if they
can keep their money separate well
here's the reason to have a separate
LLC it could be that there's a different
set of Partners for every deal that's
all you would need to have separate
llc's because you couldn't sort it all
out if if there's people on who are on
different deals but they're all in the
same
LLC that'd be hard to sort out so for
for every time you do a little deal you
say okay you five people are in this LLC
so it's not that weird but it does raise
the question and I don't know if you had
175 clients or deals you know we've
heard of a dozen or or
so anyway that might not be as unusual
as you think but I would like to ask you
this question to blow your
mind it goes like
this if you said to me Scott I'm going
to design you a government
system and the the design will be this
we got this thing called the
Constitution it's just like the US
Constitution exactly like it they'll say
so this will be part of your government
and I'll say all right good so far good
so far and then they'll say and we have
these elections and we'll have you know
Congress and we'll have a balance of
power three parties and they'll
say that all sounds good I like where
this is heading we'll throw in some
capitalism yes thank you very much for
the capitalism so if you designed our
system on paper I'd say to you I could
imagine that system you know working out
for a long
time now suppose you added this one
thing just one thing to the
system a
skiff now a skiff is a secure room in
which there are secrets so secret that
you can't take a picture of it and you
can never talk about it if you see it
you can act on it but you can't talk
about it you can never say what you saw
there now let's say you took this great
system with you got your capitalism you
got your Democratic Republic you got
your
Constitution but it also has a
skiff that's the
design what
happens well in every case the elected
representatives become unimportant to
the decisions why because the people who
show them the information have full
control at that point they can decide
what to show them and what not and
here's the best part the idiot who walks
into the skiff has no idea what's real
they only know that it's a big secret
and they can't talk about it do you know
how somebody would find out that
something wasn't real if it was in the
skiff well let's say the public found
out what was in the
skiff what would happen everybody who
also had access to that same secret
information would say wait a minute
you just claimed that Seal Team 6 uh
replaced Bin Laden with a clone I'm in
Seal Team Six we didn't do
that so you can't really have the public
know your secrets because the public
would know when they're not
real but do Congress people know that if
I'm in Congress and I go into skiff and
the skiff says UFOs are real and we've
got we've got the bodies and the ships
what am I going to know I have no way to
check it because if I left that meeting
and then I started looking into it I
would have violated the the Privacy I
can't do that I can't talk to somebody
who might
know because if found out I'd be in
really trouble so it's the perfect
situation for controlling a an elected
government from behind the curtain the
only thing you need to control is the
skiff
and Congress doesn't control
it am I wrong if you show me a skiff
I'll tell you who's running the country
it's the people who put things into the
skiff it's never the people who read it
because they're only reading what you
put in
there have I sold you yet that the
existence of a
SKF tells you with certainty that the
elected uh people are not in charge they
couldn't be
they can only do what's in the skiff if
it's important right if it's a big
geopolitical thing if it's unimportant
then the skiff doesn't matter but you
know when you talk about who's running
the country you're talking about the
important stuff and if all of the
important stuff has a secret element
that would change how you would react to
it and the only place you can see it is
in the skiff and you can't ask anybody
if it's
true then the people who run the skiff
and put stuff in it run the country
there's no way around that
there is no way around
it if there's a skiff your elected
officials are not doing much except
perform his
art all
right what else is going on oh I have a
uh insight about why Democrats think
that the January 6 was an
Insurrection and uh Republicans say it
was a protest with some people who got
in a hand this one might blow your mind
too let's see if this works for you um I
had a debate with chat GPT in which I
wanted it to explain why it thought
January 6 was an
Insurrection when you know and I gave my
facts why wouldn't be and here was the
argument from chat
GPT it was completely
irrational but it did give me some
insight because it's irrational but
based on real people's opinions you know
it's some kind of pattern recognition
thing and here's what it said uh when I
pressed it to tell me what percentage of
people were
violent um is said it guessed that tens
of thousands of people attended so let's
call that
20,000 just for to do some approximate
numbers and then I said what percentage
of the tens of thousands were violent
that day and I got it to agree that
maybe 200 wouldn't be bad guess does
that seem fair to you do both of those
numbers seem in the ballpark there might
have been 20,000 attendees roughly and
there might have been 200 people who
definitely went too far and definitely
the the legal system should deal with
them do you think that sounds about
right now that's about
1% so I said to Chad GPT why would you
call it an
Insurrection when no more than 1% of the
people could have possibly had that in
their
minds and 99% were trying to improve the
system by making sure that that the
system worked they weren't trying to
break it they were trying to delay it to
improve it to make sure I got the right
answer if you ask them that's what they
would
say so now how do we explain that chat
GPT favors the 1% when it makes its
opinion but you and I favor the 99% as
the dominant explanation of what
happened that
day here's why Democrats see everything
as a
group same as
reparations do you think the reparations
people say oh Scott um your relatives
had nothing to do with race or nothing
to do with slavery so you're exempt from
the reparations no I'm guilty because
somebody like me may have done something
right so I'm treated as a group
um Republicans like
Merit so when we look at a situation we
saywell what did that one person do to
deserve what they got what was the Merit
what was the actions what's the personal
responsibility so when I look at 20,000
people with 200 bad
eggs uh I tend to have a what the
Conservative Republican view would be
which is wait if 1% of them were bad and
99% of them were there to
help that's better than a protest and
way better than an Insurrection that's a
whole bunch of helpful people who Happ
happen to be in the same place and then
I discount the 1% because it's only
1% now and again they have to be dealt
with in the legal system but it's only
1% It it doesn't to me describe the
nature of it but here's what chat GPT
said and I imagine it's pretty close to
what Democrats think
it goes like this the outcome of the
event was to delay a government process
and the outcome of the event was
violence so if you look at the event not
as individuals but as an entity which is
the way they like to look at
stuff it does look like an
Insurrection if you take the view that
what happened is what it was what
happened was the government process was
delayed check there were violent people
there who did violent
things
check so it's an
Insurrection it's just that that's
nonsense because it treats it it treats
it like the people were one one organism
it's the same way they treat white
people like we're one
organism it's the same thing it's always
the same thing they they treat it like
it's all one thing
so when I pushed chat GPT to understand
that you should look at it as a 1%
problem in the individuals who were
there to help 99% of them uh it did back
down it said well that's actually a
valid way to look at it but the other
valid way to look at it is that it did
delay the process and there was violence
boom
Insurrection now I don't buy that at all
I think that's stupid but Chad GPT can
only be as smart as the people had
trained on and it trained on a lot of
stupid people or Liars or
whatever so do you think that explains
it I mean also there's a political
element where everybody's spinning it
the way they want to and there's a bunch
of liars and you know they control the
media and that that's all part of the
story but do you think that Democrats
are sort of spring loaded to see it that
way I don't know I might talk myself out
of it CU that's not the way they saw the
BLM riots they saw the BLM as protests
even though 1% of them might have been
violent so I guess it depends if it's on
their team or the other
team but here's what I was thinking of
doing I was thinking of doing as spaces
you know the audio thing in which I have
a debate just with G Chad
GPT so it's just me and Ai and you can
listen to us debate I tested this in my
with my local
audience um I created my own uh my own
bot so there's a scottbot and I trained
it with my books Etc and I had a debate
with it I I debated my own AI you know
the AI of me and uh it was really
interesting and a number of people asked
me to do it again because I had so much
fun listening to
it so yes uh debates with AI are a thing
and and I've already pioneered it and
I'm almost certainly going to do some
more and I think you're going to like it
the the trick is to cut off chat GP when
it gets chatty because it likes to
change the
subject that's that's what it did to me
when I was nailing it down it kept
trying to change the subject I'm like
wow you were train you were trained on
people I've I've
seen well there's a uh new story Ian
miles Jong has this story it's about a
uh uh the Dei person who ran the
programs for
Facebook and then later went to Nike and
also ran their Dei programs has been
sentenced to 5 years in prison and
ordered to pay back $5 million she stole
from those companies uh that she used to
fund a luxury lifestyle but apparently
her accounting said that she was hosting
events and they must have been
expensive so
so both both Nike and Facebook the head
of their Dei was nothing but a
thief who was just robbing him
blind oh anyway so that's
happening and again I don't even have a
comment on that it's just funny to to me
that's
hilarious now here's another related
story it's even better according to the
Gateway pundit 39 secret service
agencies uh have demanded an
investigation into Biden's Marxist Dei
policy this is the Gateway P talking uh
Marx's Dei policies following unusual
assault by female agent on the male
Superior all right you want to hear what
happened I can barely read it it's too
funny all right so this is based so this
is the event that kicked off the
complaints uh it was after a disturbing
incident involving Michelle hereg a
female SEC secret service agent assigned
to kamla Harris who reportedly engaged
in a physical alteration altercation
with her male Superior at Joint Base
Andrews last month so the Gateway pundit
previously reported that hereg began
acting aggressively speaking gibberish
and shouting incoherently at other
agents while they were near the the
lounge and then at one point she was
reportedly uh she threw
uh she threw sanitary pads at
them she was she was speaking gibberish
and and shouting
incoherently and I thought to
myself that's Joe
Biden they just described Joe
Biden acting aggressive ly speaking
gibberish and shouting
incoherently that's pretty much Joe
Biden so are they saying that acting
like Joe Biden is reason to assume that
you're too dangerous to be on the
job so looks like the secret service has
a little Dei problem and Facebook has
one and
uh and Nike too
now uh I could not be more entertained
by watching d EI die under its own power
because we could just watch the
airplanes
crash we could watch the Secret Service
implode and we can just watch what
happens if you don't think there's going
to be a corrective you know a corrective
swing back to the middle I think you're
wrong I think it's unavoidable and I
think that the Dei thing has been such a
disaster I mean absolute
disaster um I saw there was a uh podcast
talking about my opinion on this in
which I had uh I'd refers to Dei as self
harm in other words if you if you come
into a company and there's a Dei program
and you're one of the people who's
considered you know the favorite person
on her
Dei you're just asking to be judged
poorly
why would you do that to yourself if you
were qualified for a job in Corporate
America and you're black do you really
think you're not going to get
it do you need Dei for
that that you know if you're qualified
for a job every employer wants you do
you know how hard it is to hire somebody
who can just do a job it's really really
hard hiring so people are not saying I'm
not going to hire you because of your
lifestyle your color
religion it doesn't happen in big
companies it just doesn't happen small
companies yes you know if you go to the
Korean grocery store you might see more
Korean employees right so the small
companies are a different situation but
the big ones no they've they've solved
that a long time ago all
right um I have
a theory about why there's not as much
debt Panic as I think there should be uh
pretty much everybody can tell you oh
yeah the United States has a debt
problem so everybody knows it but here's
the part you didn't
know we talk about it the same way now
when it's 35 trillion and
growing as we did when it was 1
trillion have you noticed that when our
total debt was 1 trillion we said oh
that's terrible we should cut expenses
and do something about that and now it's
35 trillion and what do people say oh
that's that's really bad we should cut
expenses and you know maybe grow the GDP
get out that here's what I have
discovered only people who have no grasp
of
math think that we're going to be okay I
believe 100% of the people who can do
math and have looked into it a little
bit know there isn't any way to pay it
down so here are the comments I got just
today and yesterday oh yeah we can pay
it down you got to massively cut
expenses like
Argentina no not even
close no that wouldn't get you any close
that doesn't even put you in the
neighborhood you could not cut cost
enough number two they say well you just
grow the GDP better no you couldn't
possibly grow the GDP fast enough if you
did there'd be massive inflation
and you know it' be just another
problem how about uh inflating it away
well you could have inflated a trillion
away you can't really inflate away 35
trillion that's growing by a trillion a
year or one to two trillion whatever is
growing by no these numbers don't work
at all there's nothing ordinary you
could do to sit fix this
problem the ordinary things or you know
reduce government spending
grow the GDP a little bit better and uh
inflate but not so much it destroys the
country none of those things alog
together working perfectly would get you
anywhere near paying down the debt how
many of you knew
that is there anybody here who's good at
math who can just say yeah you're right
like I want to see if there's anybody
who's good at math and has also looked
into it who disagrees
say if you're good at math and you
disagree I don't think there'll be even
one yeah I'll look for it there might be
but it's a trillion every hundred days
so that would be three trillion a year
yeah you can't get there that now I do
think
that we're a clever uh
species we might find a way to fix it
but it won't be one of those ways and if
it's not one of those ways how's it
going to
happen do you know your leaders are not
dealing with the only existential threat
it's the only one we don't really have a
nuclear
threat we don't really have a threat
from climate
change the you know the so-called
division in the country will probably
get through that but we can't really
survive the debt that would be the end
of
civilization and nobody in leadership is
giving you anything that looks like a
plan this is the the one best reason for
Trump because I don't know that Trump
can solve it the only thing I know for
sure is that he would take a bigger
swing than anybody would take would you
agree with that he would take a bigger
swing uh just because it's his
personality and he'd want to solve the
problem and he would know that a small
swing wouldn't work so
um that's a good reason anyway I do
think we'll figure a way out but it
probably has something to do with crypto
and I don't know selling equity in the
country um charging people for defending
them I mean it might be something like
hey world you're going to have to pay us
a trillion dollars every hundred days or
else we're not going to defend you from
the big bad wolves that are around you
might be something like that but uh no
looks pretty bad
now the other
possibility is that the uh the coming
robot Revolution will be so profitable
that it pays down the debt but I doubt
it even though robots will be the
biggest thing ever you know dollar-wise
I don't think so I'm not even sure
that's
enough we'll have to loot other
countries well in a way we are aren't we
if those other countries are using the
dollar and we're inflating the dollar
are we not taking our money from those
other countries by
definition I think we are robbing the
other countries we're just doing it
cleverly we're not counting National
Assets I don't know if you could sell
enough National Assets to get your 35
trillion back and remember you still
have to stop the trillion per 100
days all right that's all I got for you
now thanks for joining for the greatest
live stream of all time I'm going to say
goodbye to rumble and YouTube and X I'm
going to talk to the great people on
locals who are
subscribers and I will see you tomorrow
I hope you enjoyed it so bye YouTube and
Rumble and
x and hello
locals
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e