purple pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody
come on in here I know I'm late I'm in a
different time zone for a few days but
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams no
matter where I am no matter where you
are drop what you're doing unless it's a
baby if you're holding the baby
don't drop it but otherwise just drop
whatever you're doing and join me grab
your cup your mug your chalice your
thermos grab your stein your container
your glass fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the simultaneous scent oh that's good I
see some of you or drop it drinking the
tears of your enemies instead of coffee
that is an acceptable replacement it is
so I came up with a plan for ending this
whole border wall problem you know you
got the Democrats saying walls don't
work and you've got the Republicans
saying walls work and here's what I
propose
are you ready since we know that
Democrats love complicated multivariate
prediction models such as for climate
change why don't we create a complex
multivariate model or just have science
do some studies to find out if walls
work so why don't we Commission some
scientists to study the effectiveness of
walls so for example they could run
tests where you build a wall and then
you have some kind of let's say an
animal or yeah let's say the animal and
you have that animal we run as hard as
they can into the wall and then you
measure how many times it works how many
times does the animal get past the wall
by budding is head into it now I'm not
suggesting that the human being
at the border our animals don't take me
out of context I know you like to do
that I'm just saying that you do animal
tests before you do human trials so we
should do some some animal testing with
walls see if see if see if animals can
get over walls first and if if walls
stop animals then we can move on to the
human the human trials where you build a
wall and then you say hey do you want to
go over this wall or maybe you'd like to
take a different route so and then after
you've done the studies that's not
enough you need to do a complicated
multivariate model that predicts the
future of immigration and all of its
impacts including economic and the cry
and and race relations and everything
else you got to put it all in your model
and you should predict there for 80
years into the future because you know
there's nothing more believable than a
complex multivariate model that you
can't see the code that predicts
something exact 80 years in the future
we know we know the Democrats will
believe that kind of thing so let's get
busy on that let's let's turn it over to
the scientists and do some studies we've
got to get to the bottom of this do
walls work from a scientific basis or
are we all just using our anecdotal
information and we don't really know if
walls work so let's be the let's be the
group that believes in science and study
walls find that if walls actually stop
people from going where they wanted to
go without that wall
ah it's not getting a simultaneous sip
there that was asynchronous that was the
asynchronous sip and I hope you didn't
mind Super Bowl prediction yes I will
now give you my Super Bowl prediction
and before I give you my Super Bowl
prediction there's just one piece of
information I need can somebody tell me
who's playing
I am vaguely aware that the Patriots are
the safer Super Bowl are they playing
against another team is there somebody
else playing who's the other team let's
see how long it takes somebody in the
comments to tell me who the Pats are
play it seems to be the Patriots versus
we don't remember which would be very
predictive don't you think if you can't
remember the Rams okay the Patriots
versus the Rams well as you know I
always like to pick winners based on
whether the mascots how the mascots
would do if they fought each other so
here you have a patriot who would
obviously be armed with a whistling kind
of a long rifle probably with the musket
and then you have the RAM it's got these
big old ram horns so in a battle between
a ram and a Patriots who would sort of
depend how quickly the patriot could
reload his musket because if if the pig
if the Patriot gets off one lucky shot
well I'd say the Patriot beats the RAM
but a few misses of the first shot I've
got a feeling the ram the ram kills the
patriot while he's trying to reload his
musket so it depends on accuracy now do
the so do the Patriots have an accurate
quarterback well turns out they do turns
out they do
so I'm gonna go with the Patriots don't
hate me for making the obvious
all right um will Gillette be any ads no
so I have to tell you that I've stopped
paying attention to football I don't
know if I'll turn on the Super Bowl
tonight or not maybe if I'm bored
thank you somebody read my book gods
debris I liked it
set all of the big event I forgot about
the bayonet yeah so maybe it'd be a more
advantage to the Patriot what was I
talking about Oh football so I lost
interest in football and it wasn't for
me it wasn't because of the protests
over the emblem from the start I said
the anthem protests were offensive but
they were meant to be that so they were
effective in the sense that they got our
attention I don't think it's been
effective in making anything change but
you got our attention here's why I
stopped watching a football it's hard to
support something that we know at this
point that we know for sure is damaging
brains and apparently pretty much every
professional player and you know I think
even high school and college players
they all have it seems to be they all
have measurable measurable brain damage
and I don't know how I can support that
so now when I watch football that's sort
of all I see I just see the brain damage
so I can't I can't enjoy it as a sport
anymore because it shouldn't be
happening by the way I think all of our
sports are completely broken
can you imagine what sports would look
like if we invented them today
let me let me tell you how some of the
sports are broken when basketball was
invented
did anybody contemplate that there would
be people who were seven foot seven foot
six playing basketball probably not
Hey probably nobody figured there would
be you know one person that would be
three feet taller than the other person
so first thing you do to fix basketball
just say that you can only play within
your height range right because we have
precedent for that because we have you
know women's sports and men's sports and
there's a reason because the men are
physically stronger and it wouldn't be a
good competition if he had them on the
same team we're in the same same
competition but why is it fair that a
five foot eight person can play
basketball against the seven foot seven
foot six person that doesn't seem fair
so the first thing is that basketball
should be limited by height you know
maybe within like a four inch range you
just you always have to play people at
your height tennis is completely broken
because of the serve have you ever tried
to watch tennis lately used to be my
favorite game but then the rackets kept
getting better and better so the
technology of the rackets kept improving
to the point where if you have a good
enough racket the racket is strong just
right the other player can barely hit
the ball back so if you got rid of the
serve tennis could be fun again because
the serve just ruins everything it makes
everything boring the first serve is
almost always out and it's it's boring
to watch
then take baseball baseball's got a
problem because it's sort of a long
attention span kind of a game need to do
something to make baseball more
interesting or shorter or more action or
something going on there and then soccer
how easy would it be to fix soccer the
biggest problem of soccer is there's not
enough
ring right so all you do is make the
goals bigger so soccer you should make
the goals bigger and maybe get rid of
offsides because that just makes
everything less fun
do not touch baseball do not somebody
says yeah I think probably baseball is
held up the best of all the sports
that's the one that still makes a little
bit of sense then let's talk about golf
the biggest problem with golf if you're
a new player is that the clubs are all
different lengths so even if you're
really good at one club that doesn't
make you good at the other Club and do
you know why the clubs are different
lengths you know why why if you put them
put a club in the ground you know one of
them would be longer than the other no
good reason apparently there's no good
reason there's really no compelling
reason that your clubs can't all be the
same length and in fact there's a famous
story of somebody who had custom clubs
made they were all the same length and
work great so I think I probably won't
get back into golf unless you can get
rid of the people who are in front of
you and behind you because they ruin it
I hate it when they're people behind me
and well a lot of the lot of the clubs
are a lot of the clubs are different
shape yeah there should be maybe maybe
two clubs something something like a
wedge it is something like a putter
that's all you need I'm on vacation and
I have not had enough time to watch
hoaxed yet I said I was but that's on
the top of my list and I'll talk about
it after we watch it
so I was gonna say something I don't
want to say what does everybody's
prediction on this Smollett the story
smaller or is it a smaller or smaller
the actor who claims to have been
attacked by people wearing Maggie hats
is anybody believing that story I would
say the the credibility of that story
approaches zero but that wasn't there
you know we cannot say with certainty
what happened in a place where we
weren't there and then there were no
video cameras capturing anything but I
would say if I had to bet on it maybe
there is a betting I doubt you could
have a betting pool on this but if you
had to bet on it you were definitely bet
it didn't happen the the part that's
weird is that they put a rope around his
neck I mean none of it really makes
sense it just just all doesn't make
sense oh and then apparently the
governor Northam somebody said he he
walked back his apology well I don't
think that's exactly the way to say it I
think it would be me it would be more
accurate to say he mooned walked it back
is anybody used that yet you feel free
to use that governor north room moon
walked back his apology
I just before I turned this on I watched
the video clip of somebody asking them
to moonwalk and his wife his what his
wife says inappropriate a situation the
best part about it was that north rooms
wife has so little she has so little
respect for his judgment as she felt she
needed to tell him not to move she felt
she needed to tell him don't moonwalk
and she knows him best so if if she
thought he might moonwalk the fact the
fact that his wife thought he biked you
might just like yeah but get out from
behind the lectern sermon this is the
best thing ever and then and it gets
even better because apparently he is not
he's not entirely sure how many times
he's been in use his he used to dress up
in blackface apparently his happens
somebody it's happened enough he wasn't
sure if that picture was him all right
now here's my opinion although I do
believe it would have been inappropriate
for him to moonwalk wouldn't it be fair
to say he's he's so toast that I kind of
want to see it
personally I would like to see him
moonwalk now because he might he might
as well he might as well changed the
conversation right you might as well at
least because if he moved walks that's
all we're going to be talking about okay
if you could give me a video of the
governor moonwalking doing a Michael
Jackson tribute to think about this the
first thing that would happen is the
first thing you'd happen is that you
would see that he's probably a fan right
suppose you suppose he moved walked I'm
just gonna put this out here just for
fun
suppose he moon walked and we get that
on video and of course it would be it
would be the headline it would be it
would be all you saw in television you
know there the news channels could not
stop running that if he moonwalks but
here's the thing if he moonwalks really
well and maybe he has some other moves
you know other Michael Jackson moves if
he could pull off if north rim could
pull off 10 seconds of credible Michael
Jackson imitation and also sells to us
that he was a genuine fan let's say
let's say he has an old an old record of
Michael Jackson let's say he produces a
Thriller album from 1984 or something
whatever thriller came out and would
that change what you thought about that
old photo because if he could actually
moonwalk and he was and we could verify
that he was a huge Michael Jackson fan
doesn't that make you feel different
about the costume now I'm not going to
say it separate there was ever a good
idea and I'm not gonna say that people
wouldn't be offended but it would
definitely chant it would change your
opinion because if you're dressing I
mean think about the the entire not the
entire but a big part of
a big part of why people are so angry
with them is that we assume his internal
thoughts were as as say as bad as what
we saw so in other words we're looking
at the video you know looking at a
picture of him dressed as apparently
Michael Jackson or something and and
we're thinking oh my god
Big Oil racist he's making fun of
Michael Jackson but if he could actually
moon moon dance
yeah moonwalk and he actually had some
Michael Jackson moves and he had an old
Thriller album just pick one and he
could prove that he was a huge Michael
Jackson fan it kind of looks different
doesn't it doesn't it look different if
he could demonstrate he was a like a
super fan of Michael Jackson now I'm not
going to say that would save his career
because I don't think that could be done
but he has nothing to lose at this one
he has nothing to lose at this point and
as far as that nickname he had the
nickname he could explain the way by
saying that's what other people called
him and it wasn't his nickname nothing
you know if he could prove he never
called himself that
and that it just makes his friends look
like racist because that was the
nickname for him now I'm not saying any
of that would be good enough to save his
career I'm just saying it would be
hilarious and we couldn't stop watching
it
yeah he you jumped
assuming he was the Michael Jackson look
like well I think that was the question
wasn't it I'm not predicting any that
should happen but it would be hilarious
how do you get a nickname like c oom ma
n somebody is asking me unless you're a
racist simple you once wore Michael
Jackson costume and your friends are
racist if if the people who gave him the
nickname were racist that would explain
it
the the other possibility is he liked to
hunt now I haven't heard anybody say
this but where I grew up where I grew up
if somebody used that nickname it
actually wouldn't have been a racist
nickname I hate to even say this because
it's going to look like I'm you know I'm
defending him so let me say as clearly
as possible I am NOT defending North Rim
I'm just giving you some context where I
grew up in upstate New York
shooting raccoons was a fairly common
thing and we called it hunting and
people use the CEO n-word to talk about
raccoons so where I grew up if you had
that nickname it would more likely it
would more likely refer to some hunting
situation or the fact that you once shot
one in some famous situation or
something like that and I'm not I'm not
in the least suggesting that that
explains Northam situation I'm just
saying that if you're if you're asking
yourself how else can it be explained
and by the way one of the things I write
about in my upcoming book loser think
is that if your argument is based on you
can't imagine any other explanation you
have a weak argument doesn't matter what
the situation is if if if you're saying
the only thing I can imagine to explain
these variables is just this one thing
it probably is a failure of imagination
so if you you know I just gave you an
example of how you could you could
easily imagine that it was a hunting
related nickname or it was given to him
by other people and it was not a
nickname he embraced so those are two
explanations that probably did not occur
to you and I'm not saying that they
explain the situation at all I'm just
saying that you have to be careful you
have to be careful that you assume you
know the explanation for things
remember the Covington Catholic school
situation what was month what what did I
do wrong in interpreting that initial
video as being the kids surrounding the
Native American guy well what I did
wrong is what is that I could not
imagine there was an alternative
explanation now it turns out the
alternative explanation is selective
editing which should have been should
have been right in the top of my mind
but I couldn't look at that picture and
imagine how that could have been
selectively edited like my imagination
was not big enough to incorporate any
other possibility than what I was seeing
was exactly what what was happening so
somebody just offered a third
explanation for for his nickname again
not saying that this is likely but that
if he was wearing a raccoon skin hat
like Davy Crockett for any reason if
he'd been in a play or somebody had one
as a joke or something you could imagine
him getting a nickname I will tell you
that my college nickname was based on
a sweatshirt I wore once so I had a
nickname for four years in college that
was my primary name people didn't even
use my foot regular first name they
called me the letter W so for four years
my college friends called me W because
one day I were a sweatshirt that had a
big letter W on it for the town that I
went to school so could he have worn a
hat one time and that could cause him a
nickname for the rest of his school days
yes because that's exactly what happened
to me I wore one shirt one time and I
got a nickname that lasted me for years
and I did not give that nickname to
myself it was assigned by other people
as nicknames often are
before w bush you traitor who was a
traitor what I'm going to talk about
anything new today well it's funny you
should ask because I'll just Emma
sorry I just blocked the wrong person so
the blocking on here I just blocked some
innocent person who's wondering why they
get blocked if you try to block them as
they're moving sometimes you get the
wrong person so I'll see if I can
unblock that person later book title is
loser think it'll be out and knocked
over now somebody asked if I'm going to
cover any new new topics today here's
the problem there there's no new news
today there's there's nothing there's
nothing in the news i just checked i
just checked CNN and fox news and
there's literally no new news now that
might be because it's the Superbowl
today yeah it might be because I'll tell
you what it is it might be it might be
because the news is all positive for
Trump Trump has had this spectacular
week but you're not going to see that in
the left and the right seems to have
some you know they're revisiting some
stuff too
Trump interview tonight leaking I don't
know about that I do not watch the
president's interview
and above all I think I saw in Fox News
that Michael Moore was saying that AOC
is really the leader of the Democrats I
think there's some truth to that she's
not the only leader there's definitely
some truth to that
so yesterday somebody sent me some what
I would call fake video it's fake in the
sense that it was a an edited an edited
summary I guess or just selectively
edited let's say clip of Nancy Pelosi
and the clip was edited so that you can
see all of her miss speaking so
everywhere where she struggled for a
word or she paused to find the next word
or she had to stop and correct herself
I saw it edited together so if you saw
it all together it looked like she had
some kind of fairly serious mental
problem and it was really convincing it
was also fake news because if you I'm
sure if you had seen all of those
mistakes you know spread them over the
course of a long public spontaneous
public speaking event that lasted a long
time there were quite a few times where
she had to you know go for a word and
struggle and they wouldn't look nearly
the same if you saw them in their
original context spread out but when you
see them all put together they they tell
us they tell they tell a troubling story
they do the same thing for Trump yeah
it's just a good trick all it does is
put all your mistakes together
am i sticking with the Schultz
prediction which pert of the Schultz
prediction is that he would not
ultimately run for president and the
answer is yes I was thinking too that if
she'll run for president
it will be a serious blow to starbucks
coffee business because we know the
democrats are not going to like Schultz
and the Democrats are the party of
boycotts now it could be that people are
so addicted to coffee that there's
nothing they can do to stop drinking it
Atlanta spent 23 million on the
footbridge for the Superbowl but it
won't open because of security now I
don't know about that story I'm just
reading here
you think Schulz will win well winning
as a third party would be an amazing
thing but I don't see happy somebody
says Republicans don't boycott they do
but not as effectively apparently
somebody says they wish they had my
brain well that would be a bloody
operation and probably the transplant
would not work might have to wait a few
years for that so I noticed NBC taking
down
tulsi gabbard so there's an article an
anti tell see Gabbard article them NBC
News and I thought to myself isn't NBC
News the one everybody says is owned by
the CIA you know haven't we did we just
find out that the CIA is backing Kamala
Harris by the fact that NBC News just
went after Tulsi Gabbard
our CPS salut says I saw it on the NBC
so I still have an NBC article
RGB prediction what am what would you
like me to predict are you asking me to
predict or death that would not be that
would not be cool Oh somebody's asking
me to predict whether our Ruth Gish Ruth
Bader Ginsburg is alive
yes she's definitely alive the the the
odds of a Supreme Court justice dying
without the news getting out is zero
yeah it's zero now I'm guessing she's
not in very good shape but we kinda know
he kind of knew that somebody says her
taxidermist and says she's fine that's
pretty funny it's cruel but it's funny
so let me ask you this let's talk about
the prediction for the wall and for the
emergency situation it seems to me that
President Trump has set the table for an
emergency declaration that would have
seen extreme a month ago but now it's
going to look like he's taking action
because the government is just not being
useful so wouldn't you say let me say
this I think the strongest play for the
president is not to say well here's the
best way to frame if he goes for the
emergency declaration for the wall which
i think is close to guaranteed at this
point if he had tried to do an emergency
declaration a few months ago it would
have been just a huge uproar and it
would have been it would have been a big
problem politically in every other way I
think the system would have taken some
strain on that
but now that the president has acted
reasonably and he isn't he's allowed the
Democrats to have their negotiations
with the government open and now that
they've they've clearly demonstrated
that they're not they're not credible
players this is a big deal because until
we actually witnessed the Democrats
trying to negotiate and not being even
serious about it you could have imagined
that maybe they could have so until they
until they failed right in front of us
it was easy to imagine well maybe if
they maybe if they did have some
meetings they could work this out but
now you don't have to wonder because the
president gave them enough rope to hang
themselves he actually he actually you
know baited them or they baited
themselves I don't know I don't know if
it was his clever plan or it just worked
out this way but because he gave them
room to negotiate and he let them fail
spectacularly in public and he let them
die on the sword of we're going to
ignore the experts and the engineers
which is what he did right so when when
the negotiations fail and it's obvious
that there's no chance that they could
succeed at this point when they fail the
president is going to say we talked to
the experts we talked to the engineers
and they said unequivocally
unequivocably and no doubt about it
that in these specific areas you need
some wall the the Democrats failed to
listen to the experts fail to listen to
the engineers and now because they are
useless they are useless I'm going to
make a decision for the American people
within my authority as
commander-in-chief and
at this point it's gonna go down
you know it'll always good add a little
hard but at this point it can the
country is primed to accept it if you're
a Democrat you cannot look at this
situation and tell yourself the year
side played it fairly you cannot look at
the situation as a Democrat and say yeah
the Democrats were really negotiating in
good faith for this wall stuff that
never happened even their own side knows
that they played it politically instead
of playing it for the benefit of the
country well that is no longer in
question or it won't be when they
finally give up with this stupid
committee stuff yeah and you could
always say well that's always been the
case the Democrats have always been
obstructionist well because of the way
we got here that the closing of the
government policies demand that if we
open the government they could you know
everybody could play nice with each
other and then it didn't happen so we
saw essentially Pelosi being a not a not
a credible participant in the in the
effort to fix things so I think the
president has total clearance now to do
what he needs to do
you could you can always tell when the
the Democrats are are losing what is it
what is it the Democrats say whenever it
looks like they're gonna lose hard yeah
when it comes to border security because
at this point you can kind of already
project forward you you know that the
committee won't work that nothing will
come out of that you know that the
president's not going to close the
government again because that didn't
work last time and you know that he will
do the emergency declaration because
it's it's the only rational path that
will be left to him and of course he
will do it so so those things we can
predict with with clarity but if if you
hear the Democrats say if they start
talking about
he said Mexico would pay for it and you
know they've lost if all they have left
is the part of the campaign promise that
was more really as more joke and
marketing than it was serious at least
in a direct way if they're arguing that
the indirect way we're getting money
from Mexico is not the same as a direct
way well they will be technically
correct but they will be dealing with
trivialities that's if that's all they
have left that's that's not a strong
play so every time I see somebody say oh
yeah but what about he said Mexico would
pay for it once you've gotten to the
point where everyone agrees that the
dollar amounts are trivial it kind of
doesn't matter who pays for it at that
point does it yeah because nobody's
saying 5.7 billion will break the bank
no nobody is saying that the United
States can't afford five point seven
billion dollars nobody say that so if
you've already admitted that money isn't
really a problem taking that to the next
level and saying okay there are two
things we know for sure the amount of
money is totally trivial and you said
Mexico would pay for it what about
Mexico paying for it
that is the weakest attack you'll ever
see so the more they're talking about
Mexico not paying for it the more you
should celebrate if you want to wall all
right
yeah there was a story better Ram
admitting that they were cheating on
their enriching uranium you see that I'm
not sure that that's a confirmed story
but so I think I'm not going to talk
about it because I don't think that's
sufficiently confirmed so I did go and
watch the video clip of Joe Rogan and
Jack Dorsey we're talking about they're
talking about this they were talking
about coffee with Scott Adams and the
simultaneous N and that brings up an
interesting point if if you take a
start-up to venture capitalists or any
kind of people who are experienced
funders and you say here's my startup
and here's what I want to do if you do
that the the experts will always say the
same thing they'll say who is your
specific customer and if you say
everybody's my customer I'm marketing
this to basically everybody you can't
get funded so that that's one of those
universal truths in startups that if you
say your customer is everyone you can't
get funding because they need a specific
customer so they can judge whether you
can go get that specific customer but
look at Facebook what it what is
Facebook's specific customer it's
everybody right and they didn't even
start out with that thought they started
out trying to meet some girls in college
right so they started that with a
specific customer but they didn't make
any difference because it ended up with
their customer was everyone and then
speaking of the Joe Rogan broadcast with
interviewing Jack Dorsey the the history
of Twitter is that it started as
something completely different it was
some kind of limited message service but
the public decided they liked it in in
some form that evolved to what you're
saying now
modern Twitter and so Twitter didn't
have a specific customer that lasted
they had a specific use case but it had
nothing to do with or very little to do
with what Twitter became and who is
Twitter for who is who's the customer
for Twitter well kind of everyone right
and then on the broadcasts are talking
about periscope periscope was originally
you know imagined as its its original
forum where you just turn it on and it's
a live broadcast from wherever you are
but as Jack was describing on Joe Rogan
that people like me started using it for
podcasts which was not an original
it wasn't an application that was
originally assumed and because people
started using it for that so the way I'm
using it is more like a podcast and so
because people started using it like
that
they started adding features to satisfy
that market so in other words here again
periscope started with a certain
application and market in mind but they
listened to the audience and they moved
where the audience wanted it to go same
with I'm pretty sure you could just go
down the list and you could find company
after company that started as one thing
and became something else you know who
is Google's customer everyone who is I
who is a Apple's customer well it's
everyone who has money right because
they their products is a little higher
end than the competition well it's
basically everyone so I'm trying to I'm
trying to square these two things oh and
let's let's take Dilbert for example
Dilbert started out as just being a
comic for people who had the same sense
of humor as I did which turned out to be
a small audience but the audience told
me hey we like it when he's doing
workplace stuff so so because the
audience told me I move Dilbert to a
workplace comic and then it succeeded so
what I observe and and by the way we've
got a we've got a feature change on my
interface by when hub app that's out now
and when you see the future change
you're going to see this effect so we're
adding the feature and I'll tell you
about it when we release it I think in a
week or so that is completely dependent
on what customers wanted and s4 and it's
a completely different application in
addition to the things that it already
does so you're gonna see that there are
two ways to get where you want to get
one is to have a specific customer and
really chase that customer and that's
the way you can get funding more easily
but once you're chasing a specific
customer you end up listening to the
audience and then adjusting your product
in a variety of different ways until it
becomes a different product and the
audience tells you what that is
so the wisdom of people who fund
startups is almost directly opposite of
how we observe the world to work and
I've never quite squared those two
things how they can be Oh somebody said
their daughter went on there as a script
doctor that's a good use so the script
doctor is somebody who looks at a script
that's been written let's say for a
movie or a TV show and they know how to
fix it from a raw form into something
that's punchy and good that would be a
perfect use for the app actually
okay I'm just gonna tell you what the
feature is very ready yeah should I tell
you
I wonder if my partners will get mad at
me if I tell you I'm just gonna tell you
we're adding a donate button so in other
words in it if you sign up for the
interface by when hub app and you have a
profile on there you won't need to be
live in other words you don't have to be
available for a call and people can
still donate to you so if you are a
let's say a conservative artist and you
don't want to be on patreon or you don't
want to be on it let's say you got
defunded on other platforms you'd have
one more option so it would be one way
to make sure people could donate to you
with no friction I think it would take
30 seconds or well not 36 but it might
take you a full 60 seconds to add your
profile to the interface by win hub app
and then you just tell people to go
search for your name and hit the button
and they can they can donate to you now
why did we add this feature and it's not
that way yet so you have to wait I'll
tell you what it's a maybe a week or so
it's been I believe it's been tested and
already submitted to the App Store's but
the reason we added it is because
largely people on periscope asked me for
it
so you're actually seeing you see how
these platforms interact so because I'm
on periscope I get lots of comments you
see them going by and a quite a few of
you commented here and in in other ways
that people reach me a lot of people
said the same thing they said hey why
don't you add a way on your app that
people can donate to artists who are
being you know DD platformed on other
sites or just want another way you know
even if you not be platform you might
just want another way that people can
getting Tony and so we added it now if
you talk to me a year from now am I
going to tell you that the year for now
am I going to tell you that that's the
biggest use of the app maybe I don't
know might be but it would be based on
what the audience asked for can I be a
parent expert I don't have but yes you
can you can you can be a parent experts
and you can set your price no Super Bowl
ad for this app yeah those are pretty
pricey you can hear a lot more about the
app in the next week or two we've got
some exciting things besides that that's
just one of the things happening but
there's a whole bunch of really
important things happening that I'll
tell you about do you have stats on what
different experts are charging I don't
believe we know I don't think we capture
that it would be easy to capture we have
the raw data so we could but I don't
think that's on the dashboard that we we
look at our data but it's easy for you
to just scroll through it you can see
you can scroll through the experts you
can see the prices somebody's saying
will I allow Alex Jones so here's the
thing we're we're an open platform like
a telephone call or like a FaceTime call
or any other communication tool so I'm
sure there are things people could do
that would cause them to get kicked off
but we probably would not kick it but
anyone off for doing something on other
platforms but we'll see I mean I'm sure
there's yeah you never want to say never
there are certainly things that could
get you kicked off of any platform and I
think we'd all agree on some of them
somebody coming in here with the
anti-semitic stuff I could never tell
when I see stuff like that I could never
tell I can never tell how serious it is
or how troll-like it is it's scary
either way all right
yeah I'm not gonna say who's in there
out but if they're not bothering me
they're probably going to be fine
would you like to see my view for those
of you who can't be here
it'll take you over take a look
so you see that Island over there that
entire island is owned by Larry Ellison
Oracle founder so he bought the entire
island
poor 3 now that's just a long
not bad huh
the weather's been terrible but
all right back to me sorry it's
disappointing you have to look at me
well I think that's all I have to say
today and I will keep you informed about
new new events and I will talk to you
all later