[Applause]
hey everybody come on in it's time you
know what it's time for
yeah you do it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and have I printed out my
notes no I have not
so that's gonna happen while we're
waiting but before we talk about all the
things
let's first enjoy a little thing I like
to call this simultaneous sip and all
you need is the copper marker or glass
of tanker chelators tonic empty injector
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure that dopamine hit of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the death rate of coronavirus
have you noticed have you noticed this
since we've been sipping it's been going
lower yeah one sip will make the corona
virus death rate go down in your state
try it go uh-huh yeah I can feel my
stock prices going up and the death rate
going down I think you can feel it too
stay right there stay right there don't
go anywhere
don't go anywhere OOP stay all right I'm
back I know it was hard to do to go on
without me
alright we're gonna do a little
experiment today are you ready depending
what devices you're using right now to
watch me you might be able to open up
Twitter separately and put the alert on
so that you get an alert from me because
in a moment I'm gonna send a tweet that
has no purpose other than to see if you
get an alert okay so I'll do that a
little bit I'll just send out a test
tweet and you'll tell me in a real-time
if you got an alert where you did not so
hold on that
but you've got a few minutes if you have
two devices to see if you can make sure
your alerts are set for my tweets and
then we'll test it I got it one of my
critics today Jordan and Sather said
that I said Trump was on the losing path
which I'll talk about the minute and
georgians Heather said to me you think
Trump is on a losing path that's loser
think now I invented the term loser
think so I said thanks for incorrectly
defining of the term I invented sounds
like your troll school went online may I
take a bow for the following troll
response you may use this you are
welcome to borrow this let me read it
again
sounds like your troll school went
online come on that's pretty good
because you know your Harvard education
isn't gonna be in quite as much if
you've never stepped foot on the campus
you know that don't you
alright I remind you that according to
biology experts viral adjust you might
call them nobody knows why viruses go
away isn't that the most mind effing
thing you've ever heard your life you've
probably already before some of you have
but just think about the fact that we
have all these experts talking about you
know which way is the curve going you
know are we bending the curve and you
know which countries are eradicating the
virus and you know this works and bass
works and what about the
hydroxychloroquine and all the stuff
we're talking about and let me read this
again no one knows why any virus goes
away and you're thinking to yourself
well I know I know it's because of herd
immunity it's because of axes you know
vaccinations work nope nope it's not
it's nothing we don't know nobody knows
why they go away
now you could check that but I did hear
that from a top fire I'll adjust in some
interview who just just tossed that
little completely it's like a hand
grenade that goes into your your
thinking process oh here's a little hand
grenade here you go
did you know nobody knows why a virus
goes away and I think we're in that
situation because we're watching the
infection rates zoom and of course
people have stories it's because the
testing is more a blow of law but we
don't know why the infection rate is
zooming while the death rate is dropping
like crazy something's going on and and
it could be DNA it could be some kind of
you know accidental immunity because
people had other kinds of colds there's
some new a new study showed that there's
some DNA genetic propensity to be more
susceptible who knows who knows but may
I tell you a narcissistic story I'm
going to ask for permission to be
narcissistic in other words I'm going to
tell you a story which is just a fun
story but since it makes me look good
I'm gonna ask you in advance do you mind
a story that makes me look good if it's
and it's an interesting story all right
if you if you don't like stories that
make me look good probably want to sign
off so the story goes like this it's a
two-parter part one happened in the
eighties I don't know I was working at
90s I guess I was working at Pacific
Bell the local phone company and my
department had a training session and
the training session was on problem
solving and we learned a rigorous
process for looking at a complicated
situation and being able to vary
systematically break it down from its
complexity into its simplest questions
and then solve it it was a general
format for us all
any kinda problem and then we broke into
teams after we learned that the
technique and the instructor gave us all
the same problem a complicated problem
that we have to use the structure to
solve so we go into our breakout teams
and here is the story so this is based
on a real world event there was an
airline that was having a problem
because as flight attendants kept
getting a rash during flights so they
did get a rash on their upper chest it
was always in the same place they didn't
get rashes in other places it was always
just upper chest and here's the story
that we were asked to solve some of you
may have heard the story and here are
the facts it only happened on
international flights weird right
it only happened on the international
flights it only happened to women it
didn't happen to men men didn't get the
rash weird right
so only international flights only men
and it only happened at the beginning of
flights like near the near the start of
the flight and never toward the end so
there was nobody who was clear until
toward the end of the flight then just
suddenly got it at the end now and there
were some other details but those those
are kinda then the key ones so we were
given this complicated story so imagine
those details but there were lots of
others to complicate this story and we
were asked to do the process and I read
the story and I did what I know some of
you are doing right now I solved it but
I solved it without the process I just
read the story and I said okay I'm
seeing it in the comments that's right
it's the life preservers I just read the
story I said well what's different about
international versus domestic well they
do the life preserver thing if you're
gonna fly over water but domestically
you're generally not so they generally
don't do it why would it be women
instead of men
maybe they dress differently maybe women
have an open collar maybe men have a
buttoned and so I guessed that they were
allergic to the life preservers you know
the ones that they would demonstrate at
the beginning of flights because they
put it on it touches her skin they get
allergic that's it so I ended that to
the group and I said I think it's the
life preservers because it fits all the
facts and everybody looked at me and and
they looked at each other and they said
oh that sounds right
what do we do now because we didn't do
any of the process we didn't do any of
the problem-solving process
so I said well let's take it back to the
instructor see what he says because
we're supposed to come back to him as
soon as we'd solved it so we go back to
him and I think we were done in 15
minutes or something it was supposed to
take hours that we find the instructor
who say we think we have the answer we
think they're having an allergic
reaction to the to the life preservers
or what do you call it the life jackets
and it turns out that the real answer
was that there might have been some
paint on it that was coming off so it
wasn't a rash per se it was actually
just something on the life preserver
that was rubbing off on the skin I think
but basically it was the right answer
and and here's what happened next the
instructor accused me of cheating that's
right
the instructor accused me flat out of
cheating and he said I've been teaching
this course for however many years we
always used the same example
nobody's ever solved it without using
the process and I said but is it right
and he said yeah it's right but I think
you cheated I think you heard the story
somewhere in the news and maybe you
remembered it and I didn't it wasn't
familiar to me but so instead of being
the hero for solving the story I was
judged a cheater and I think it ended
like that I tried to defend myself but
you can't really you can't defend
yourself by saying aye
ever read about this story in the past
than the newspaper or something how can
you prove it can't prove that so keep
that story in mind all right just hold
that hold that story and now here's the
second story seemingly completely
disconnected or not so when the co had
things started and we started getting
information about who was being more
affected and who was less affected I had
that same feeling and I flashed back to
that time and the feeling was this I'm
looking at it and I'm thinking gosh I
feel like I'm seeing some kind of
correlation that's just jumping out at
me does this seem like low vitamin D is
explaining everything in terms of how
bad it was in some places and not others
so I started googling do black people
have less vitamin D the answer is yes
the the skin color etc doesn't absorb as
well and black people were having much
worse experience I thought all right how
about overweight people blow up sure
enough if you're obese or if you have
diabetes or if you're just sick or if
you're elderly and you're in the arrest
on low vitamin D but what about those
Scandinavian countries they were they
were ruining everything because the
Scandinavian countries didn't seem to
have any bad problems but they would you
would expect to have the least vitamin D
because where they're physically located
less Sun but it turns out if you look
into it they know they have a vitamin D
problem they're so part of their culture
is they supplement with vitamin D like
crazy you know more so than anybody else
would but it's because they need to so
they know they need to be a fish oil
exactly they do fish oil to supplement
so it turns out that every place you
look for it vitamin D this just stands
out as being an obvious thing so here's
what I'm going to say I think that when
this is all said and done there will be
some point at which somebody says you
know if we just get in everybody's if we
had just gotten everybody's vitamin D
we could have just gone back to work now
maybe also have to keep the the people
in rest homes and old folks homes you
have to probably protect them especially
well for anybody who did not have an
obvious comorbidity I'll bet we could
have just supplemented with vitamin D
because why is it that a virus always
always goes away in the summer could it
be that in the summer everybody has more
vitamin D you know I'm not a not a
scientist there's not a study that backs
us up exactly although you see little
studies that suggest it might be true
but that's that's where I'm at so I
think I think we're going to find the
vitamin D was the big actor that was
unrecognized all right let's talk about
some other things Trump is doing his
usual Trump thing where he'll make an
exaggerated claim to make people look
into it now does he do that as a
strategy well I don't know his internal
mental process I just know he does it
all the time and it works every time and
by that I mean when he says that 99% of
people survive coronavirus is that true
no no that's not true it's not true that
99% survive but what's it make you do it
makes you pay attention to the survival
rate it makes you look into it
and if you look into it it kind of
favors his his preferred plan which is
we get back to work a little sooner than
other people might like so once again it
works and that he's also made the
completely false claim that the u.s.
coronavirus death is the lowest
worldwide apparently not really even
close to being the lowest worldwide not
really even close but it makes you look
at the death rate doesn't it do you
think you're more or less likely to look
at the death rate if the president makes
wild claims about it more likely the way
more likely what was the base claim that
is most complaining about same as me
they're not showing us the death rate
numbers the press is completely
illegitimately hiding the death rate
numbers from the public so what does
that allow Trump to do any thing
he wants because they're not showing you
the numbers so the president just said
goes out and again I don't know what his
internal thought processes but he has
the freedom to go out and say 99% of you
will be fine because the only thing that
the press can do is show the mortality
numbers and that's all he wanted in the
first place he just wanted the press to
show us the mortality numbers which are
you know going down does it change your
opinion about what to do if your
survival rate is 99 percent or if it's
96 percent if you know you don't have a
comorbidity so you're not even in the
people who are likely to get it do you
change your behavior because a president
incorrectly said you got a 99 percent
chance of survival but because of your
lack of comorbidity it's really not
ninety eight ninety percent 99 percent
from you personally it's more like 98
percent so do you act differently do you
do you manage your life differently
because oh my god he's so wrong he said
99 but in my particular case I'm 25 no
comorbidities I get a 98% chance or
whatever it is I'm just making up
numbers now but the president's
totally made-up number doesn't hurt
anything but it causes the fake news to
present real news I'd call that a
success here's a note because there may
be that so this is a note to one person
who may or may not be watching me right
now
I did get a message from an
african-american viewer and I always say
the african-american part so you can
identify yourself it's not important to
the story but if you contacted me with a
specific question I saw it I put it
aside I was going to answer and then a
law
so I'm not ignoring you just resend your
message I look for it I can't find it so
I wanted to answer your question alright
um put that out there are you waiting
for the part where I exercise my free
speech it's coming it's coming I just
read any article somebody send me in
which it gave a very eloquent I would
say and academic sounding good
explanation of why white people need to
change their mindset about racism and
structural racism and systemic racism
and all that so white people need to
change their mindset and the word
mindset was actually used now that may
be true it might be true that white
people need to change the way they're
thinking but it is so wrong to focus
there because let me give you two
possibilities number one why do people
change the way they think about racism
so let's say you can only change one
thing you could change the mindset so
you could just Matt use magic snap your
fingers and all white people would have
a different mindset about racism and
structural racism and it would be more
compatible with what the black community
themselves think so let's just say
that's one possibility
you've got magic you make all the white
people change their minds about how they
think of these things or or number two
black people change their mindset to say
yeah racism exists but so does rain and
I don't spend any time trying to stop it
from raining but I do spend time buying
their income
I do go inside when it rains so I can
avoid the rain by managing my own life
how much do you complain about rain in
your life well if you did nothing to
manage but manage it it would be a big
problem
you'd get be out in the rain all the
time you'd be given away
you know it'd be a problem but because
you manage it if I ask you what are your
big problems in life nobody ever says
rain that's because we manage it so
managing your own mindset will always be
the winning play trying to manage other
people's mindset it's worth trying you
know it's worth trying to get other
people to see more the way you see it's
worth trying to get people to just sort
of you know live through your eyes for a
little while sort of get your point of
view that's all good doesn't solve
anything so while it may be good and
useful and proper and appropriate to ask
white people to change their mindset and
I think it's a good exercise by the way
I would be all in favor of taking my
mind to a new place if it's useful but
it doesn't come close to solving racism
and not even close because the people
involved are going to have to have a
strategy that works more about that in a
moment
all right let's do the test tweet those
of you who were prepared or baby you
have already set your alerts on Twitter
I'm going to hit the button and send
literally a test tweet and you will tell
me in the comments there'll be a little
delay there you will tell me in the
comments BAM sending it right now all
right
said you will tell me if you got the
alert or not now let me tell you so
number of people are saying that they
think I'm shadow band because they don't
get alerts well I'm not sure that's the
case I think maybe more likely people
don't get alerts just in general it
could be because of the way you set your
filters it could be because alerts don't
alert you every time I don't know but my
suspicion is that problems with alerts
are probably not to shadow banning it's
probably something else all right so I'm
looking at your comments got it got it
got it
got
got it got it yes yes yes yes yes yes
got it yes yes yes got it got it got it
somebody says how do you set the alert
on Twitter well you could Google that
and you would get thee all right so I'm
not seeing any nose but I'm not sure if
the people who didn't get it would leave
a comment so I don't think I set this up
very well yeah so it looks like you're
getting it all right now could it be
that it depends what kind of tweet I
send could it be looking for keywords
and deciding that if it sees some it
doesn't send you an alert I don't think
so I kind of feel like I kind of feel
like the alert thing might be
confirmation bias meaning that it
probably works just fine then there's no
shadow bathing in the alerts but it just
feels like it sometimes because you
don't hear it don't see it whatever all
right
Oh somebody's saying no now no alert
nope now I'm getting some nose oh all
the nodes are coming in now so that
makes sense the people who heard it were
first to respond people who didn't hear
it were waving they were waiting to see
if they would get it and look at that a
lot of people didn't get it interesting
so those of you who did not get it if
you know how to set your alerts and you
could confirm so the tweet I sent was
its it was just a test suite you'll see
it it's at the top of my feet could you
put it in the comments that you
confirmed you had your alerts and set
and you had your make sure you had your
phone on right don't have you don't have
your alerts turned off on your phone and
don't have it turned off within within
the Twitter app so there are two places
you have to have on the physical phone
and the app itself both have to be in
the right setting so just tell me if you
really didn't get it all right enough on
that I would say that what makes the
United States the United States you
our operating system meaning that the
thing that makes a country is of course
you know borders in a common a common
understanding of things but I would say
that there's sort of that DNA or a yeah
an operating system I'll just use
operating system for the country when I
grew up that operating system was
patriotism
so patriotism and capitalism were sort
of the things that were drilled into us
as kids now those were a really
functional operating system the
operating system worked pretty well in
the country did well for decades but
lately there's a bug in the operating
system the bug seems to take the form of
the education system the education
system for whatever reason produces a
certain kind of person who wants to
teach and that certain person who wants
to teach tends to have a view of the
world that is not entirely compatible
with capitalism or patriotism so it's
like there's a bug in the operating
system and it's the education system now
what's happening interestingly is that
current events with the the protests are
almost like a system upgrade meaning
it's almost like we're waiting for the
new operating system to come in and we
don't know our features it has yet
because the country is sort of wrestling
with who we are and that's a pretty big
question the country doesn't know are we
still patriotic and capitalist where's
that the old way and we're now we're
gonna be a little more Marxist socialist
and a little less patriotic and more
identity politics so is identity
politics the new operating system well I
would suggest that if it is that is an
operating system that doesn't work
however as these things guy with the
unintended consequences of the protests
and everything else from coronavirus to
the economy it's all one big ball of
problem right now right the coronavirus
economics and the protests about race
they feel like they're not even
separately more it's like one big thing
that's affecting us with their own
little features but here you're just a
some of the things that the new
operating system suggests are our new
features are you ready so here are the
new features of our new operating system
that's being installed through you know
through the events that are happening in
the world number one climate change just
changed we will never be able to see
climate change the same because we now
have no trust in experts and we know
that the experts are awaiting it they're
making it up
we know that the media is a complete
liar and so the odds that we will take
climate change to be the end of the
world scenario that's really different
now and not we weren't talking about
climate change for months climate change
was basically just completely off the
table but because we were learning what
experts and scientists and doctors and
in our government we were learning more
about how much we can trust them and we
found out we can't trust them at all not
at all so are you gonna trust them for
climate change I don't think so by the
way I'm reading Michael Sheldon Berger's
book almost done with it apocalypse
never which talks about how we're really
not doomed yes the temperature's going
up but we adapt so well and you know
there's so much good news that it will
overwhelm whatever negative comes from
the higher temperature so I and I'll
have Michael on on coffee with Scott
Adams when I'm done with the book which
I thought it would be done with but
almost done alright here are some other
changes gun control do you remember when
gun control was a question not anymore
nope we've sold more guns than we've
ever sold a three month period in the
history of the United States gun
ownership reach a new high but more
importantly that
that visual image that we all have of
the McCloskey is protecting their home
with their guns against the mob that
picture is sort of the end of gun
control in my opinion I mean I suppose
if no if no Republicans were in Congress
you could you could push something
through but I don't think the country is
ready to accept it at this point I think
if you push through a gun control at
this point
you'd have trouble getting reelected so
gun control is pretty much dead
commuting I think commuting will never
be the same because people just said I'm
gonna work at home so I think commuting
is going to change college is probably
never going to be the same the online
college thing really it really lays bare
that the college education thing is is
half and a half useful and the
 part probably will go away I'll
talk more about that I think we might
find that vitamin D and exercise are
closer to essential activities than
optional so I think our whole when I go
outside and see how many people are
walking and biking it's really
impressive the number of people who are
taking taking matters into their own
hands to get outside get a little Sun
get a little vitamin D get your legs
moving get some exercise
it's really different it feels like it's
now a widespread habit whereas before it
wasn't so widespread we're certainly
going to know way more about pandemics
we'll probably develop lots of
technologies and an understanding so
probably our risk of future pandemics
went way down because we had to work so
hard on this one we'll be more ready we
lost all of our trust of experts we lost
all of our trust in the news anybody who
thought the news was really the news I
think that that's gone and nobody trusts
data and the protesters the good news
about both the chop which used to be
jazz and also the defund the police
calls
you can see in real-time that they don't
work so the police have said okay fine
how about you have your protest to
defund us and maybe we'll put a little
less attention into your your
neighborhood murders Dublin so the black
community is just basically you know a
crime wave is white just rolling over it
and the police are just stepping back
and they're just letting it happen now
that's what you get
I'm not saying that and they you know
this is what you get
I'm not saying that me like revenge II
kind of way I'm just saying that cause
and effect if you have fewer police you
have more crime and then you get to
prove it by watching it happen in real
time that's valuable it's really
valuable the president continues to be
the president so excuse me I thought I'd
wait 48 hours to see what the president
did about his Confederate flag tweet
where he was tweeting at Bubba Wallace
and mentioned something that sounded at
least two to a lot of people who sounded
like he was supporting the Confederate
flag at the same time he was accusing a
black guy of something that wasn't his
fault you couldn't make a worse tweet
when are you running for president you
really couldn't now is it a clever play
people will say is it clever to sort of
semis support the Confederate flag the
kaeleen beckon a knee tried to try to
play off as well he wasn't pro flag but
he wasn't anti-flag he really wasn't
talking about the flag it was in the
quote as context but he wasn't showing
his opinion unfortunately there's
nothing that even Kelly mcenany can do
about that tweet that tweet is so far so
far over the line in terms of there's
just no way you could redeem it so as
long as the president
is if he owned the Confederate flag he's
not really qualified to be president
sorry
yeah you can't really be if he and the
Confederate flag if you're running for
president can't really do that now will
he get elected well he might if Kanye if
Kanye decides to really run that might
be enough to give the president the win
but I can't imagine a worse approach
then somewhat maybe kind of supporting
the Confederate flag now did you hear an
opinion about the Confederate flag for
me did you you thought you did but you
didn't did I give you did I give you my
personal opinion of the Confederate flag
no you did not hear it I'm only talking
about other people and what would be
good political strategy my personal
opinion is that while free speech is a
wonderful thing the Confederate flag is
clearly divisive and you know you have
to weigh your free speech against
destroying the country you know one one
stab at a time so it doesn't even look
like the president's trying to win at
this point because that look Confederate
flag thing is such an own-goal
and so easy to avoid oh really
I mean all the president would have to
do is say look that's a local issue yeah
I'm not in favor of the Confederate flag
you guys could work it out you know it's
not a it's not a federal problem it's
not my job that would be okay I'd be
okay with that let's just say I'm just
not gonna worry about it you figure it
out if the state's want to take him down
they can do it all right this is what
CNN said about the president this so
this is as I think this was Stefan
Collinson so he's the one that I always
mock as being the most ridiculous TDS
just crazy mind reading opinions on CNN
but here's one thing of this here's one
thing he said that I just completely
agreed with and it was clever so I'm
gonna quote it he said
1/5 of the way through the 20th 21st
century Donald Trump is seemingly
running to be the last president of the
Confederacy which is clever come on you
have to admit that's pretty clever and
it does look like Trump is running to be
the president of the Confederacy he
wants his Confederate statues he is at
least open to the Confederate flag and
What did he say this week about the
future do you remember it
do you remember all the things that
President Trump said you would do for
the future all the things that would be
better or and he'd fix it and stuff no
nothing
so the Trump campaign is literally
running a campaign to take you back to
the past
I mean accidentally it's not what
they're trying to do but sort of they
they got trapped into talking about the
past meanwhile Biden tweets these gonna
transform the country do you want the
country transformed probably not because
he's talking about changing capitalism
and some things you might like but
there's no way around the fact that
Biden is associated with sort of the aoc
world of let's change everything Biden
is very much about the future and change
just because he's he's sort of
surrounded by all the changing people
whereas the president seems to be kind
of locked in the past now if you didn't
know anything else about the race except
that one person was focusing on the past
a race has passed I mean it almost
sounds like a joke it's like oh there
are two people the only thing you know
about them is one of them is very fond
of our racist past our statues and
symbolism and the other one is looking
to you know really change things in the
future for the better that's kind of no
contest the one who wants to change
something the one who wants to go to the
future should win that every time now
those are not the only variables
those are not the only variables and so
that doesn't mean that this will
determine anything but at the moment
Trump has a backwards looking campaign
and and Biden as a forward-looking one
even if you don't like what he wants to
do it's still forward-looking it's tough
to beat it's tough to beat the
forward-looking campaign with a
backward-looking campaign if that
doesn't change I would expect Biden to
win so the at the moment the the
slaughter meter which is the meter I use
to show if nothing changed
you know what would the election look
like but of course lots of things will
change so it's not a prediction it's
just a point in time point in time the
slaughter meter is negative meaning that
if nothing changed
between now and Election Day you'd
expect Biden to win but lots of things
will change Kanye who knows lots of
things are gonna change are you ready
for some free speech I was tweeting that
I was gonna exercise my free speech
today and so this will also be a little
test to see if I can say things that
would have gotten be canceled a month
ago all right so this might be the last
time you ever hear me well let's say
I've said that a few times and so far
not canceled so I'll keep pushing it to
see what I can get away with here's my
starting point I believe that black
lives matter has have a weird and good
unintentional impact the weird and good
unintentional impact is that it's it
begs for free speech in an area in which
it never existed I don't have to tell
you if you happen to be non black I
don't have to tell you that you've
probably been lying because you can't
tell the truth in other words you can't
really give your actual opinion on
anything about black lives matter
because then you get cancelled am i
right so first of all I think you'd all
agree with that statement if you're
non-white than if you said something
that was really kind of you know a
little too honest that you would get
cancelled but I think that's changing
and I think that people are willing now
to just be a little more honest and we
have a weird problem that if you don't
speak of it honestly you don't really
have a chance of solving it do you can
you think of any problem that can get
solved when you're not allowed to talk
about it honestly so here's the so
here's the context we're talking about
police and how they are more brutal to
the black community and we're taking
that as our starting point for
discussion and that that's obviously
racism and then we go from there so
that's the big trigger it's not the only
problem of course but it's the trigger
for the black lives matter movement spay
and here's here's the part that white
people can't say in public you ready
here's the good part I don't think
there's a white person in the world or a
black person who will disagree with the
following statement a young black person
on average does not respond to police
the same as any other group meaning that
if we're not looking at the actual
individual strategy and behavior of the
person who stopped by the police we
don't know anything we don't know
anything there's not a single
person in the world who thinks that a
young black guy from an urban area
responds the same way as I'll take
random example Asian American in the
suburbs there's just nobody in the world
who thinks they act the same way now if
you act in a way that's different
should you get the same outcomes no no
you should not and there's nobody who
believes nobody black nobody white
nobody anything who would disagree that
on average different you know cultures
will have a different response to police
now am I saying that there's something
wrong with black people
no if you heard that you're just reading
something into it what I'm saying is
that everybody has a different way of
reacting and it could be because of
their history suppose you had a history
in which you observational II
anecdotally the news tells you that
you're being hunted by the police
basically if you thought you were being
abused by the police and that was like a
basic truth of your life would you
respond the same to them if they pull up
on you no no would I respond the same
way to the place if I had been told my
entire life that they were there to beat
me up and kill me and they're all bad or
whatever no no of course I wouldn't now
because I don't believe the police are
there to hurt me how do I respond when
the police roll up on me politely
politely do you think a police officer
can tell in one second that I'm no
danger probably probably and it's not
just because I look like I'm not
dangerous it's because I act like it I'm
it's two things let me ask you this do
you remember when you saw the studies of
how many black women were killed by
police stops versus white women killed
by the police
do you remember those it was gigantic
story like everybody was talking about
it and and it was so useful because you
know once you know the answer to it are
the women were being stopped by police
also being killed you know the the black
women at a higher rate than white women
oh oh wait you've never seen this
statistic
you because nobody will show it to you
what do you think it would show what is
show that the police kill women maybe
they do but I'll bet the I bet the
number of women killed by police is
really low like close to zero now why
would that be why why would that be
could it be all that psychic well that's
like I gotta take something I've got a
dog emergency there a vac all right um
so does anybody believe that they're
women who were stopped by police act the
same way as bend no well and if they did
would the police officer be as afraid of
a woman
no because the police officers can
physically control someone who is less
muscular someone who is a smaller human
being
the police are less afraid of they're
not going to resort to a gun because
just don't need it all right now let me
ask you this
have you seen the statistics and again
they were everywhere so how could he
miss it it was a headline the study that
showed that police are more likely to
use violence if you're larger larger
just taller or more muscular have you
seen that study they showed that black
people who were under 5 foot 8 had about
the same rate of being killed as other
people were under 5 foot 8 have you seen
that study oh you haven't seen it
because nobody did it how
important would that be seriously do you
think the police act exactly the same
with a six foot three guy who looks like
he can lift a house versus me no they
don't of course they don't they act
completely different because I'm not a
threat
they can beat me up with one hand so of
course they're not going to you know
resort to whatever the more drastic
things are does anybody need to put me
in a chokehold not so much not so much
all right so here's the thing here's my
free speech the whole black black people
get treated worse than police is all
 the entire protests are based
on poorly educated people who don't know
how to compare things no nada analyze
things and been sold a bill of goods by
undereducated people who think they're
over educated the people on the Left
believes that they have most of the
knowledge and they do have some
advantages in terms of you know they
might be a little more scientific on
some topics I'll give them that but they
also don't have any appreciation of the
other side of an argument any argument
they only hear one side where
conservatives tend to hear both so the
part of the problem is that the the
lefty is I'll take I'll say the the
white lefty type people is that they
think they are informed but they're
deeply uninformed very deeply uninformed
they don't even know what the other
argument is it would be one thing to
hear the other argument and say okay but
I don't buy it and here in my reasons
that's not what's happening they haven't
ever heard what I just said how many
people on the Left have heard what I
just said none you know why because
you'd get cancelled if you say it you
can't say what I just said directly and
let me say it again directly now that I
yeah I couched it in ways that that make
it a little more acceptable directly the
whole police treat black people worse is
complete and I don't know any
white person that believes it there
might be I mean it's a big world and
there are lots of people so there must
be there must be - who will believe it
but I've never met one alright so can I
say this to any black viewers any blood
any white person who tells you that they
think this issue is real they are lying
most of them there might be some people
who just
been exposed to anything anyway to
analyze things but they're mostly lying
can you solve a problem if somebody's
lying to you what you know one of the
things you hear a lot is and I inhibit
it to say this is that people will tell
you exactly what they want if you can
listen to them but you have to listen
because you you tend to hear what you
think they're saying you don't hear what
people say and it's actually a different
skill it's a skill you have to learn to
listen to what they're saying instead of
immediately interpreting it into what
you think their meaning and one of the
things that black people say all the
time and you've heard lots of different
examples lots of interviews I'll bet
you've all heard this which is the white
liberals who pretend to be on their side
are bothering them bothering them
because it feels like they're racist too
and they're liars so it's like the
racist and they're liars and they're
trying to be on our side but they're
burning up buildings making us look bad
I don't think the black community is
loving the white liberals taking their
cause without really understanding it
either
you'll hear you'll hear black people say
fairly often you know give me a choice
I'd rather talk I'd rather talk to
someone who's straight-up racist because
at least we're talking about the same
topic at least we're talking about
something that's you know you could deal
with it you could figure out how to
change it or whatever but if you're if
you're only talking to a liar how can
you make progress so so that's that's
the first bit of truth now let me give
you some background in this the other
day there was an old Trump video from
1989 this surfaced and on it Trump was
saying that in 1989 so you have to think
of the time he was saying that he
thought it was an advantage to be black
in terms of employment so he limited it
to employment he said it would be an
advantage to be black for employment and
the the context of course is that
businesses were actively trying to in
prove diversity which I approve of they
should actively try to do that and the
only way you can do that there is no
other way you have to favor diversity
otherwise how would it happen if it
hadn't happened yet
you need to put a little more muscle
into it so that was a completely non
controversial statement that I thought
given the times might be a bigger one so
i retweeted it and that I that I added
some gasoline to the fire by saying that
in 1989 guess what was happening to me
so I made it vague so that people would
say what was happening to you and of
course if you look at my pinned tweet
you'll see that I was I had lost one job
for being white and male a banking job
and they told me directly can't promote
you because you're white male so I left
went to the phone company and there I
was Ken told that I couldn't be promoted
because I was white and male and for
those of you are new they said it in
those words directly to my face there's
no interpretation going on here and that
was about when I decided to not have a
boss anymore and started working on what
became the Dilbert comic so and that
situation remains to some extent in
other words it's still easier to get a
job if you were black and educated I
think the president said educated so he
was he was doing apples to apples if
you're educated and you're black you
have an advantage over somebody's
educated and white although it may be
harder to become educated because of the
schools being not as good so here's the
other thing that people don't say out
loud the protesters are our dumbest
citizens the protesters are our dumbest
citizens we should just say that because
it matters and when I say that our
dumbest it's because they're our
youngest and young people just don't
know as much as people been around a
while
nobody knows as much at 20 as they know
at 40 it's just the fact
you can't there's just no argument to
that we've all if you've experienced all
of those ages you know what I'm talking
about if you're 20 you probably doubt it
but you'll know just wait so so we have
people who are educated poorly at big
colleges and only gave them some you
know weird indoctrination they're the
youngest they're the dumbest we should
just be able to say that that it's the
dumbest people and how can you prove
that they're dumb they don't know how to
analyze any situations for example they
still can't even sort out that you
should look at not the percentage of
black people who are killed compared to
the population of black people that
doesn't make any sense and you should
look at the number of black people who
were killed by police based on the
number of stops and then the problem
goes away if you look at it correctly so
if you analyze things correctly
sometimes the problem isn't even there
now is there a problem with racism of
course of course
is there a legacy from slavery of course
of course there is but here's how I
would say that you should proceed if you
have a strategy and here's just one of
many books you know libraries and
amazon.com is full of books that will
tell you how to change your own mindset
which makes sense as opposed to changing
someone else's how to have a strategy
for life that makes whatever your
obstacles are less so you can make the
problem of racism go away if you're
Michael Jordan does Oprah have a lot of
problems with racism well maybe in terms
of like personal encounters that are
unpleasant but it doesn't hurt her job I
think your jobs going pretty well yeah
so the idea is to simply be successful
and that part you can pretty much
control so while it is and let me say it
as clearly as possible all of the
protesters the young people are dumb are
dumbest citizens because they're young
the young part that's the only part of
focusing on nothing about ethnicity
they're just young they they don't
understand
that strategy makes a better approach so
instead of saying let's look at the data
incorrectly because we don't know how to
look at data and then looking at it all
wrong and deciding there's a gigantic
problem and protesting and burning
cities over your inability to understand
the data and that's what happened let me
say that again as clearly as possible so
I'll get cancelled by being clear not
unclear well I said that's fine it was
fine the way it was so until we have
data about how anybody is acting
differently during a stop which we do
not have there is no data
nobody's ever studied it as far as I
know to show that the way you act during
a stop will have some impact on the
outcome obviously it makes a difference
so I am now rejecting the infantilizing
way of the past which is to act like you
can't speak honestly to black people if
there's anybody black watching do you
appreciate that I'm speaking to you
honestly and don't you think you could
work with that because even if I said
something that I think is honestly true
but you can say oh you're looking at the
wrong data look at this data I'm happy
to do that but if I can't tell you the
truth how can we get there like I got to
tell you the truth first and then you
can tell me to look at different data
and then I'm happy to I'm happy to you
know I told you the example of the other
day where it blew my mind that the the
whole problem of black kids being less
likely to have two parents turns out
that at least partially might be a fake
data because there are lots of couples
were unmarried in the black community
and they just act like a parental couple
and that doesn't show up in the data so
so even so that's that's the perfect
of where my opinion was modified by Dana
now I need some confirmation of that but
I certainly was willing to change my
opinion of it Trump wants to open
schools which i think is a really
winning political strategy because
mothers want to open schools so and
fathers too so I think he's got a really
strong play there because the public is
pretty much on his side about opening
the schools did you see the Don Lemon
interview with Terry Crews
so Terry Crews despite being an
african-american man insists on thinking
for himself and so Terry Crews has some
let's say non-standard opinions about
things meaning that they they I don't
know if you would describe himself as a
conservative but let's just for
understanding purposes he's not buying
into the full black lives matter
narrative let's just put it that way and
Don Lemon interviews him and literally
wouldn't let him talk you have to see it
I like sort of edge tweeted ed and i
retweeted him but you have to actually
see that clip to understand how afraid
Don Lemon is of a black man with a
different opinion he actually wouldn't
let him talk he just talked over him it
was it was amazing to watch all right
[Music]
there's a new idea for testing for
coronavirus that people who are smart
say it could be a big breakthrough now
you've heard of the idea before but I
don't think I understood how powerful it
was until somebody who is smarter work
through it and the idea is this that
instead of testing individuals you start
focusing on groups so instead of testing
you know you they would test the you
know the group you belong to if you're
in a nursing home they test the whole
nursing home and they just throw all the
blood in one pile and test it if nobody
in the entire nursing you know them has
covent
well you're done you you've effectively
tested everybody in their nursing home
but you did it with just one test
because you threw all the blood together
and you just tested it and there was no
coronavirus in there so I'm doing a bad
job of explaining it but smart people
will say that if you maximize that
technique of pooling it and then if you
find something you can dig digging
further they say that that would just
you know amazingly change the nature of
what we know about it very quickly so
that that's an example of just human
ingenuity that you didn't really see
that one coming because that just came
in the left field we've been hearing
about it for a while it's not brand new
but what's brand new is a more rigorous
analysis of how useful that would be and
it's way more useful than you might have
thought just commonsensical e over in
bethel ohio there was gonna be a
smallish it's a small town
and they were gonna have any protest
which didn't go well because hundreds of
bikers showed up to make sure they
didn't destroy the town now of course
some of the people showed up were
outright racists the n-word was hurled
which we do not support and it was an
ugly situation but the town did not get
destroyed no I don't think that the 50
protesters were going to destroy this
little town so I don't know that there
was any real danger
but here's my point if you're worried
about the slippery slope I've always
said for to myself from the start that
all of this you know the at least the
looting and protesting part the parts
that are physical damage to places I
thought that myself
well there's sort of a logical end to
that because as soon as it as soon as it
gets to the the point where armed
Americans are part of the game that's
that that's that because the protesters
are probably not going to take up arms I
mean some of the people in the group we
have small arms but as a general
statement these are intended as peaceful
protests that get out of control but as
soon as I hit armed America
like this little town to Bethel I think
it's over I don't think you could it
just can't spread into orbit America
because the people in the rural places
will say how about no how about we say
you can't do that and that's just gonna
be the end of it
I love the fact that Harvard is going to
charge a full tuition but you can only
go there online
I guess maybe some freshmen will be able
to commit in person
and I was thinking that instead of
calling it Harvard because if you can't
go there and network and do all those
things it's not really Harvard anymore
is it it's not really Harvard if you
know if he can't network you're not
there in person it's just some online
classes and I'm thinking they should
rename Harvard - because it's Harvard is
a racist guy from the past to call it
George Floyd University so is there a
reason they can't just rename it George
Floyd University because I think that
would be compatible with their view of
the world I don't see any reason they
wouldn't do that and now that Harvard as
a name doesn't have much value because
in online online classes in the online
class doesn't matter if you're a Harvard
or anywhere else let's call it George
Floyd University and we'll see how that
goes all right
the president has parently decided that
foreign students in America have to go
home if their college is only online if
they don't if they can't go to the
college anyway the president is saying
well you have to go home now
this is will destroy a lot of lives it
seems to me you know not in a way that
they can't recover but it's kind of
expensive to come live in the United
States and it's kind of expensive and
doesn't give you what you want if you
have to go back to your country and
study online in the middle of the night
because the let's say that the time
zones are different you have to go home
and study in the middle of the night and
I mean it's really bad if you were if
you were a foreign student in America
this is really really bad that said
there are some benefits to it
and benefits I'm gonna put quotation
marks around because it depends on your
point of view whether these are benefits
apparently a third of the money that
universities make comes from foreign
tuition because they don't get if you're
from another country you don't get any
scholarships so they're paying full
price it's about a third of what the
colleges make if you take away the
foreign students a lot of colleges
aren't gonna make it and that may be
part of the plan it may be part of the
plan to put these colleges and a
business if you're a conservative you're
saying to yourself well maybe put them
out of business you know are they
helping it looks like colleges are
destroying the country at the moment and
people are kind of anti college as a
trend not everybody of course but
there's a growing trend toward an anti
college but here's another thing the
Chinese students of which there were
many the ones born in China Chinese
citizens studying in the United States I
don't think they're ever coming back my
guess is they're sending everybody home
is a way to make it easier to not invite
everybody back in other words if you're
from France and you got sent home you
probably get to come back if you're from
China then you got sent home you're
probably not coming back I don't think
Chinese students are necessarily gonna
ever come back so that might be a
decision because there's there's a
spying problem and because we might want
to put pressure on China and let's say I
saw an article in which somebody was
complaining that one of the problems was
scientists and academics is that their
writing is so stilted and academic that
the regular public can't read what
they're saying and so they their
knowledge is sort of lost because they
don't know how to communicate the
interesting thing about it is that the
woman who wrote an article on how
science can communicate better is really
a bad writer
when I say bad I mean in Scotts personal
definition not in the sense that she
couldn't get a book published because
she does have she has a high level of
writing skill that obviously came from
some college or university education
that she was an English major she says
but her sentence are almost unreadable
because they're complicated and she's
writing an article about how the other
people are too complicated that you
can't read them easily and I'm looking
at her sentence structure and I'm
thinking man I'm working hard to read
this article and ultimately I skipped it
so my point is that these are
college-educated people arguing that the
other ones are basically useless because
they can't communicate and it turns out
that we're all useless because they
can't communicate the only skill in
writing that you need in the real world
is business writing business writing
gets rid of all the adjectives that you
no need the adverbs you don't need
simple direct sentences and no long
sentences with multiple points in them
which is sort of how this article was
written so college is just ruining
people and they this is what's the bad
part college is just ruining people in
this case somebody went to college to
become a far worse writer than they
could have become with a one-day class
of business writing and that's just the
fact this is somebody who got an English
major you know a degree and the net
effect of all this English major you
know writing and reading is that the
result is an adult who can write well
think about it it was a course on
English English literature you know
being an English major and the result
was somebody who was taught to write
poorly and then it's just poor writing
in my opinion all right
Mike Pompeo is reportedly looking at
banning tik-tok now will will Mike
Pompeo be on favor of banning
Tech Talk will the government let's say
the president well here's what Mike
Pompeo said here's an exact quote and
see if you could read between the lines
of this Mike Pompeo quote talking about
banning tik-tok he says I don't want to
get out in front of the president but
it's something we're looking at he says
I don't want to get out in front of the
president but it's something we're
looking at
read between the lines they've already
decided to ban tik-tok
so tick-tock is definitely getting
banned because you don't say this
sentence because they asked Pompeo do
you think you should be banned because I
don't want to get out in front of the
president that is not something you say
if it's not gonna be banned right it's
gonna be banned all right I think those
were my main points let me quickly look
at those just to make sure I didn't miss
anything that was exciting and good no I
didn't it's all there
so I think keep your vitamin D levels up
and you will be in good shape
oh you want do you want some more free
speech I saved a little LED nugget for
you here's some free speech the other
day I think it was CNN ran a story about
a tragic death of a young they think 17
year old and his ran a picture of him
and said he didn't have any
comorbidities but you look at the
picture and he was clearly obese and he
was black now did he have low vitamin D
I would like to know that wouldn't you
because the odds are unless he was
supplementing he did because if you're
black you have more trouble getting it
just from the Sun in this part of the
world he was obese that they didn't
mention that they said no they said
there was no comorbidity now I'm looking
at the picture and I'm saying
are you kidding me now I get it
and I am completely opposed to fat
shaming and if if this sounds like it's
fat shaming you're hearing it wrong your
your weaith is just a nut
the situation I don't mock people for
medical situations what would be the
point of that nothing good can come from
that I'm just making a fact that if you
can't speak freely and say a 17 year old
died who had two comorbidities one of
them probably low vitamin D probably
statistically very very high likelihood
of low vitamin D and the other one who
is obese unless the picture was wrong so
we just got to have a little bit more
free speech it will be a little bit
safer from the coronavirus and we'll be
way ahead in terms of race relations
well let me close on a positive note you
don't have to read my book how to fail
at almost everything and still win big
although if you look at the reviews
you'll see it's changing people's lives
what it teaches you is a life a strategy
that would make racism or whatever your
problem is if your problem is not racism
you've got some other problem you know
you're you're short you're old you're
whatever just you pick something that
you think is your obstacle and it will
make it much less important so you can't
get rid of racism and those who are
trying to do it are trying to solve an
unsolvable problem you can't make the
rain go away but you can buy a raincoat
you can get an umbrella that's my advice
if the black community would like to
work on strategy I'd like to help
strategy for individuals works every
time trying to get rid of racism in
people who are born racist and die
racist and it will always be so
because brains are pattern recognition
machines you can use your higher-level
thinking in your moral sense to overcome
it but it's hard it's hard and you're
not going to get rid of it you can only
overcome it all right I just looking at
your reactions
somebody said ugly people are the true
victims yeah there's another thing that
you can say aloud both watch me because
I have freedom of speech now
the biggest problem you could have in
the world is to have a to be less
attractive than the average there's no
way that being a tall good-looking well
educated black man as a disadvantage in
America are compared to a short poor
didn't go to college
person who doesn't look so good there's
no way that those are equal they're not
even close
you'll take you'll take the that a six
foot three healthy black guy with a good
college education
every time that person has a good life
half of them that's it
all right so that was a little bit of
free speech for you and I hope it hope
it allows me to come back tomorrow I'll
see you then