bum bum bum bum bum bum bum hey
everybody get in here we've got stuff to
do this morning and can't wait around
all day so make sure you click that
button get in here and more importantly
make sure you have your cup your mug
your chalice your Stein your glass your
container make sure it's full of a
beverage coffee is the best and join me
now for the simultaneous sip so I
thought I would perform an interview
this morning an interrogation you could
call it I'll be interrogating Dale you
may have known you might know Dale Dale
is an anti-trump ER and does not like
anything about Trump and so I'd like to
introduce Dale hello I'm Dale Dale do
you mind if I ask you a little bit about
the stormy Daniels situation and
elizabeth warren's story sure go right
ahead I'm winning I'm winning Dale it
seems that the DNA test for Elizabeth
Warren showed a really small percentage
of Native American and in fact according
to the experts you can't even tell if
it's North American or South American so
did she win her bet with Trump not a bat
but did she did she earn the million
dollars he said he would give her as she
had a DNA test he absolutely yes
she wins she wins the million dollars
but
well let me just walk you through this
Dale now it turns out that the average
European American somebody with European
background has on average more American
Native American DNA than Warren and
would you say just to pick one example
that stormy Daniels probably had more
Native American DNA in her on any given
weekend then Elizabeth Warren has ever
had I don't know what you're getting at
stop interrogating me interrogate you
you haven't seen anything Dale I haven't
even started to interrogate you but if I
did you wouldn't like it so Dale if you
don't mind could you step over here for
a little more interrogation what do you
mean yeah just over here I just want to
do a little more into the interrogation
this looks like a trap it's another trap
is just an interrogation just step over
here just I'll be right back
this will only take a minute
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so we won't be seeing any more
of Dale today he disappeared he was here
a minute ago
I feel like I saw him walk into my
office but I didn't see him walk out I'm
thinking about announcing that the
interrogation went wrong I'm not saying
yet I'm just putting it out there just
testing it see how the public responds
to that but I'm considering I'm
considering announcing that my
interrogation of Dale went wrong
maybe I don't all right
does it seem to you yeah it was rogue
agents I swear to God I saw some rogue
agents come into my office and next
thing I know Dale Dale was just gone
they were carrying a lot of plastic
tarps plastic bags that sort of thing I
don't think it meant anything so have
you noticed that the news is having
trouble criticizing this president he's
having the the best week a president
ever had so stormy Daniel's lost her
defamation lawsuit that got kicked out
of court and if I understand it right
stormy Daniels has to pay for Trump's
attorney fees and the the joke that's
going around on social medias that Trump
is such a good negotiator he's the first
person who ever got a refund from a
prostitute which is very funny all right
it seems to be that the the criticisms
against the president of
slowed-down not just on television but
you know in person people are starting
to notice that their relatives have sort
of chill down a little bit and I wonder
if there's something about the second
year you know how people are we're sort
of tuned to think that big round numbers
mean something so you have you ever
noticed that if anything is a hundred
years old
people go oh it's a hundred it's a
hundred that matters well it doesn't
really matter that's just an arbitrary
number that happens to be a big even
number but we're very we're very
influenced by even numbers there's
something about you know a ten year
anniversary that's more important than
an eleven year anniversary and as Trump
rounds the bend and he's in the final
stretch for his second year doesn't it
feel like there's something about
completing your second year of the
presidency and having just about
everything going right that just takes
the piss out of your critics you know if
you're still in the first year or the
first year and change you're still sort
of in the first year ish and if the
president's still in the first year ish
you know whether it's a year and six
months or a year of nine months the
critics are gonna say to themselves and
I think they have if we can get him in
the first year you know well we'll just
get him before his first year is over
and then we're good but what happens
when the clock ticks on election day and
it's two years I have this feeling that
there's something about two years and
especially we'll be reminded of it
because the news likes to do these
year-end wrap ups where they're you know
they talk about what happened in the
year so it will be impossible for the
news to ignore the fact that it's a
second year now what was the big story
in the first year of the Trump
administration chaos and
chaos and disorganization and
incompetence but that's not really
working in the second year is it because
in the second year it's just impossible
to ignore that the economy is screaming
North Korea is going well trade
negotiations are going well it's just
gonna get harder and harder to say that
that there's some kind of first year
freshman year problem of chaos going on
when the evidence is so strongly
suggesting the opposite now you saw that
the president could not resist
commenting on Elizabeth Warren's
horrible horrible idea of the of the
campaign ad that included the story of
her getting it or DNA tested and she
concludes at the end
welllook turns out I have some African
or some American Indian now I'm sorry
Native American it's hard to keep my PC
term straight so I'm Native American
blood so she's claiming victory but
here's the problem and I think all of
you see it I tweeted out after I saw
that ad that Elizabeth Warren had was
using science to she was using science
to lose the black vote and some people
said what do you mean I don't understand
that here's what I mean if you're and
it's just a question because I'm now
black right so I I will always hesitate
to imagine that I can think like any
other person or a group but I imagine if
I were black I try to put myself in that
position and I see Elizabeth Warren
trying to play off her you know one
one-thousandth or whatever it is of
maybe Native American to make some kind
of a claim of minority status which she
has in the past she doesn't at the
moment
I would not feel good about that it
would look like a white woman trying to
trying to take advantage of a situation
it would look like someone said it might
be the death of identity politics I
think that's optimistic but at the same
time well let me put it this way I don't
think it's the death of identity
politics because that's pretty sticky
stuff but it might be the death of
Democrats being able to use it
effectively because Elizabeth Warren is
very close to being one of the top I
know not close she's probably one of the
top five
you know role models or icons of the
Democrats and for somebody of her status
in the Democratic Party to do such an
amazing mistake in terms of how she
treated it now let me let me be very
careful everything she said and the ad
was both accurate and sensitive I guess
so she said in her ad that she was not
claiming any tribal affiliation she
wasn't over claiming at the moment at
the moment she's not over claiming
anything about her American or Native
American DNA but it didn't come off that
way so even though her words said well
I'm not you know claiming I'm a member
of a tribe I realized that's a whole
different standard the Cherokee Nation
came out and slapped her down and even
though she had not said anything that
they should have disagreed with just the
very notion that she was playing in this
realm and sort of leaving some ambiguity
a better you know Native American roots
and I guess she had called herself
Cherokee at one point and in the past it
seems to me that she did everything
wrong here she
she was a top Democrat who used race as
a tool
naked Li it got caught and then slapped
down by the very minority groups that
she was hoping to identify with so you
can't lose any harder than that so the
president tweets that it was a con and
the shame and that she's not really
Native American and that and then the
president goes on to claim that she got
into Harvard at least partly because of
claiming her minority status now here's
the fun part
Harvard denies that that was a
consideration
so the fact checkers are going to say
hey president Trump you failed the
fact-checking Harvard did not consider
that but it's still a brilliant tweet
from a political persuasion perspective
because if you read a story that says
that somebody claimed to minority status
and then got into Harvard and then you
read the Harvard said no no we didn't do
that who are you gonna believe now I
don't know the facts and if I had to
guess you know my best guess is that it
didn't make much difference if any aide
for Harvard but no one's gonna believe
that it is simply one of those stories
that just by its nature it's hard to
believe so the president gets the win
simply by putting it out there and
making you deal with the question of
whether she used her you know fake
minority status to get into Harvard even
if the answer is no meaning that Harvard
didn't consider it it still looks like
she tried and you also don't really
believe Harvard right because they're
not credible Harvard is not credible
when they say we didn't consider her
minority status because even if it was
just subconscious even if it was just a
tiebreaker even if it could have gone
either way but it went her way do you
really believe it there's no way to know
it
it's an unverifiable claim so it's a
beautiful tweet because it makes you
think past the question of whether she
was faking her status and all the way to
the question of whether it got her into
Harvard so if you're dealing with a
question of whether it helped get her
into Harvard you've already accepted the
claim that she was trying to use a fake
identity and fake identity politics for
advantage so this is everything bad for
Warren possibly the worst week she's
ever had doing what she probably thought
was a brilliant move consider this if
the only thing you know about elizabeth
warren and and this is sort of true for
me since i don't Liat don't live in
massachusetts i don't know much about
her here are the things I know about
Elizabeth Warren
she made a fake claim about being a
Native American and then when she tested
her DNA and found that there was
basically for all practical purposes
there was essentially none as she called
she complained she she claimed there was
no maybe there is but it's not
demonstrable by the DNA desk because it
could have been North American could
have been South American and it's you
know less than the average person at the
average European American I guess so you
can make the claim either way and you've
got evidence to support it but bad a bad
week for Elizabeth Warren I think it's
so bad that she can't get elected
president because of it would you say
that because it's such a dominant story
it's gonna erase anything else she says
or does or has done and and here's what
here was my take on it
so Elizabeth Warren gets great props
from a lot of people for being a great
professor and a great
would you say academic and a great
intellectual so a lot of people who you
know worked with her you know seen her
teach are aware of her work in
universities and stuff say great things
about her academic intellectual
credentials well I can't think of a
worse way to get elected president of
the United States than going academic
the the DNA test struck me as the sort
of thing an academic would do an
academic is at least in this country and
at least in this year is just about the
worst framing you could bring to a
presidential election because didn't it
seem like here's what it felt like I
mean you could watch the difference
between Trump's style and and the
academic style if you want to call it
that the academic said if I can find
even point oh one eight percentage
Native American in me I've made my claim
right because if you're an academic and
you look and and the evidence says
there's a 0.018
at least percentage in you you say there
it is I use science science gave me this
answer I embrace the answer I'm Pro
science I'm good I win that is such an
academic way to approach it now look at
Nell look your president Trump's
approach it's a total con there was no
there was no date of American in her she
she used it to get into Harvard so
compare these two approaches everything
about Warren's claim seems factual and
scientific it's an it's maybe an over
interpretation but at least she showed
us her work it was a very academic
collegial kind of thing to do
president Trump may not pass all the
fact-checking quite as cleanly but look
at the power
message it's a complete boot on the neck
it's a complete slap down it's it's it's
got levels right he's making you think
past the sale it's pure persuasion it's
a victory lap it's impossible to ignore
it's real it's raw it's powerful all
right that was Trump's tweet Trump had
about 11 levels of Awesomeness in his
tweet Elizabeth Warren was academic she
was very academic who wins the election
it's not even close it you do you want
the president who in this situation this
this very unimportant simple situation
in this very simple situation she
clearly did not do the best job Trump
did and he did it right in front of
everybody now if you're if you're
obsessed with the details of the
accuracy of the tweet then you're
missing the point and the academic the
academic approach might appeal to you
but it's not much of a winning system
now some of you are wondering what does
dr. Shiva say about all of this well I
will talk to him tomorrow on on
periscope and we'll ask him so tomorrow
join me for coffee with Scott Adams my
morning periscope in which I will be
talking to dr. Shiva who's running
against Elizabeth Warren using the
slogan it takes a real Indian to beat a
fake Indian but he's also somewhat the
perfect person to talk about DNA so this
is one of those great great moments when
you can see quite historically the
difference between dr. Shiva and
Elizabeth Warren they're running against
each other for the Senate this year in
Massachusetts and
you see the academic you know you see
what Elizabeth Warren does and it's so
weak and tone-deaf and you know it works
against their own brand it was a
branding fail it was a tone-deaf fail it
was a academic you know just completely
unimpressive now compare that compare
that to dr. Shiva who comes in with also
multiple academic credentials and
degrees and you know broad range of
fields but he can come in and the extra
can talk about you know the the science
of the DNA how would you like to be
Elizabeth Warren and you have to call
this guy you have to take this little
DNA test and call somebody and to
explain it to you whereas dr. Shiva is
not only completely Indian you know the
other kind of Indian but he also could
explain the DNA too or if he had asked
her he should have just invited
Elizabeth Warren should have just
invited the person she's running against
to explain it her own DNA test to her so
it's just kind of funny because it it
shows you the contrast in talent stacks
dr. Shiva as his broad talent stack he's
run businesses he's you know he's lived
in other countries he's you know he's
got five degrees I think so there's just
an extraordinary difference in the range
of his talents and do you want that kind
of talent stack in Congress or do you
want Elizabeth Warren who will bring her
academic ineffective game to Congress
where she is
somebody says she should have apologized
instead of running on the one-drop rule
yeah you know there was a way to win she
could have actually just played it off
as fun she could have taken the test she
could have said as somebody just said
here she could have said look you know
it was in my family lower is that we
were you know we had some blood in us
can't really tell from the test
I hope I didn't offend anybody but I was
proud I was proud when I heard that I
had American Native American blood in me
and I wish I had more but let's just put
this behind us I thought I had more than
I have we did the test let's talk about
the government she could have completely
come out on top on this she could have
just brushed it away said look I dealt
with it there's nothing here to say I
wish I had more
I love Native Americans and everybody
who would have said oh well you just
moved on yeah she lied period well
they're all lying so I'm not sure that
work says your best attack strident and
unappealing you realize how sexist that
sounds so somebody just said that Kamala
Harris and Elizabeth Warren are strident
and unpleasant doesn't have sound sexist
so you have to be careful about some of
your choices of words is strident a word
you hear used against men I don't know
it's it's a word you don't hear a lot I
don't hear people being called strident
a lot but to my ear because two women
were in the example that just sounded
sexist I wouldn't use that line of
thinking
I saw the new Trump tweets about Warren
there's two of them right all right it
was McCaskill done probably not yeah
there certainly is some question about
how Warren has used what she assumed to
be her greater amount of Native American
you know and I've told this story before
when I grew up in my family we were we
were all told that we had a good dollop
of Native American so when I grew up I
got the same story that Elizabeth Warren
got which is you have a something like a
great-great-grandmother who was a Native
American and what I had by DNA test
there was just no trace of anything like
that so I think I fell to the same hoax
that she did a family hoax Scott you've
been spooked by feminists incorrect when
I tell you there's something sounds
sexist it is not because I am offended
it is because I'm trying to teach you
how to communicate more persuasively and
if you accidentally sound sexist even
when you don't intend it even if that's
not in your heart you've made a
persuasion and speaking mistake they
could easily be avoided so when I point
it out it's not because it offended me
or I think it should offend anybody else
that's because there was a better way to
communicate they would get you more what
you want a little bit better
yeah we won't be talking about my
personal life today did I write a recipe
for a powwow Chow I didn't you wouldn't
want to eat any of my recipes somebody
else is saying that they were told there
were 116 Native American and found out
they were not yeah it's a fairly common
story that people tell their kids all
right we talked about Saudi Arabia you
may have missed my interrogation of Dale
but I will talk to you all later bye for
now