ba-ba-boom ba-ba ba-ba papa
hey everybody what's taking you so long
I'm finally on time you should be too
hey Tyler hey everybody
so I'm putting together a new studio
system
pretty soon I've got a couple of
components I'm waiting for in the mail
and then I'll be able to do some split
screens if all works out I'm using the
sling studio setup I don't this is not
it yet this is still just running off my
iPad but if I can get that going in
there let's say in less than a week or
so if things go well then these podcasts
could get a lot more or these periscopes
could get a lot more interesting because
I'll be able to a split screen and I
have somebody call in on anything
FaceTime or Skype or whatever and I can
have them on and then oh then then we're
gonna have some fun think about this for
a minute you've seen the interview some
people and when I have interviewed
people on here with my bad technology
people have loved those episodes but
they've also been friendly interviews
how much would you like to see me
interview somebody I disagreed with so
far the only people I've had on with you
here on periscope are people who I knew
in advance would be pretty compatible
with your thinking in mind but just
imagine somebody who disagreed with me
yes it would be just as fun as you think
it would be all right we got a few
comments as a few topics most of you saw
the Amy's Siskind
and other people were tweeting about
judge Cavanaugh's assistant who
allegedly had her hands and I'm not
going to put my hands in those positions
because then you'll screen shopping but
let's just say her hand
were in a position with the okay sign
but looked accidental it was just a
random placement people said my god it
must be the white power the white power
signal which was a little bit crazy and
I think it did reveal the the level of
Trump derangement syndrome but I I
tweeted out that the 48-hour rule was in
effect people said for whom for Amy
Siskin who blamed her for being white
power or was the 48-hour rule for
what's-her-name bash last name is bash
who did that allegedly that that side
and I said both its optional the 48 hour
rule is optional so anybody can can
clarify anything they want it's just the
rule is that if they clarify you accept
the clarification so Amy's system took
down her tweet I noticed this morning
which I would take as a as a retraction
you know that's the reason you take down
a tweet should she apologize of course
of course she should but that's not
exactly what the 48-hour rule is for if
she doesn't want to well that's yeah
that's a personal decision yeah I don't
really care but she did retract it and
that was the more important part of it
now likewise the husband of Cavanaugh's
assistant tweeted that it was disgusting
basically and that they didn't even know
that symbol existed until they read it
in the news so normally I wouldn't
accept someone else's clarification you
need it from the person themself but a
spouse my ruling is I accept that so I
don't think she needed to clarify she
certainly didn't need to apologize I'm
talking about Cavanaugh's the system but
it's nice that she did clarify she
clarified
it was exactly what you and I thought it
was which was a random thing so the 48
hour rule has in my opinion worked
yeah Xena Bosch because both the people
involved have clarified that's good
next topic I haven't seen the exact
quotes but apparently Trump was soft on
Nike and Nike signing up Kaepernick now
it's pretty clever for Nike to do this
because I did get tons of publicity but
we'll see what that does to their
long-term revenue I have I have reason
to believe it may it may have been a
clever play but I don't think we can
know in the short term yeah in the short
term it'll you know knock their stock
back I just don't know if it'll have any
long-term effect I've been reminded that
I have not shared the simultaneous step
I think it's time oh yeah
it's time grab your mug your cup your
vessel your glass with the beverage of
your choice I like coffee and join me
for the simultaneous end
ah good stuff so Trump went soft on Nike
and one of his reasons was that they
rent a lot of space in one of his
buildings uh that's actually a perfectly
good reason because he he has a conflict
of interest he sent it right up front
conflict of interest and he played it
soft because it was a conflict of
interest which he told you right up
front
ah I don't expect anything else from him
right III don't mean I he doesn't need
to do more on that topic you said what
he what he needed to say let's talk
about the Bob Woodward a book so the Bob
Woodward book although we might assume
that because of his resume that it's the
most scholarly and the most credible and
the most dependable of all the insider
Trump books that's what you think should
be happening right that's what should
have happened is that what happened
because it's feeling like the Woodward
book is like the poor man's fire and
fury too little too late doesn't it seem
like if the Woodward book had been first
well it might have been big news just
like fire and fury was but now it feels
like we already heard of this book but
here's the the bigger framework I want
to put on it I don't know if Woodward
has ever worked or even Michael wolf if
they've ever worked in proper big
companies I think Michael wolf has he's
been an editor of something and
certainly Woodward's been with the
Washington Post so they should have
experience with at least one or more big
companies apiece here's here's the
context that they're not giving you when
they talk about all the underlings who
are allegedly
saying bad things about their boss and
as somebody pointed out Madison Kelly
and I think doubt as well have all have
all basically said they didn't say the
quotes that are attributed to them in
the book now we're in a world where you
know nobody can believe what anybody
says so whether or not some of the some
of the quotes were true or not true is
less important than the following point
here's the point that I haven't heard
anybody say these stories that you heard
about the president are identical to any
story you would hear about just about
any CEO of any more major corporation
the stories you're hearing about Trump
where he's so dumb he doesn't understand
things totally normal that's everybody
talking about their own CEO their own
boss people saying that they they
managed what information they gave him
they that they were stealing documents
from his desk so he wouldn't sign them
is that unusual
nope nope totally normal
everything Woodward reported which I
believe a lot of it is fake we don't
know what percentage right so I don't
know if 80% of it is made up
probably not made up I imagine his
sources actually told them this stuff
but I'd say maybe it's possible that up
to 80% of it is not true his sources may
have actually said that and he might
actually trust his sources but as you
see the denials coming in the denial
sound fairly credible as well so it's
hard to know but let's say it's only 20%
incorrect I don't know but let's say
it's 20% incorrect and that it's true
that underlings were saying unkind
things about their bosses which if they
had been quoted they wouldn't want
anybody to hear what does that describe
every large organization
everywhere now trust me I literally am
the guy who wrote the book on this right
I'm the Dilber guy I spent 30 years
writing about this the reason that
Dilbert is one of the most popular comic
strips in the history of humankind is
because people recognize the situation I
have an entire comic that's about people
managing what the boss sees and manages
what he knows because they think the
boss is an idiot
to me this looked like the most normal
situation I've ever seen everyone thinks
the boss is less smart than they are but
here's the thing those other people
didn't become president and they
couldn't so one of the problems that I
have as a person who has studied
persuasion is that if you put me in the
meeting if you just air-dropped me into
a fortune 500 meeting and and they
didn't know who I was I was just
anonymous he just plunked me down and in
the middle of any business meeting any
government meeting about anything and
then they go around the table and
everybody says tell us what you think we
should do in this situation when they
get to me and I say what we what I think
we should do remember I'm always dealing
on this psychological persuasion level
and the people in the room are not going
to be familiar with with it they won't
understand it you know initially because
I haven't explained it to them they're
not exposed to it
what would my ideas look like if they if
they were just unfiltered and I didn't
have any time to explain any context and
I just said here's my idea and compared
it to the other ideas in the room what
would my ideas look like crazy stupid
uninformed
childish all of my ideas look like that
to people who don't know where they're
coming from systems not goals Bingbing
mingming mean we have a winner when I
talk in systems and people are goal
thinkers what do they think of me they
think I'm crazy
they think I'm must be inexperienced
they think that I don't know what I'm
talking about
do you know so most most of the things
that I talk about on this periscope are
very similar to things I've been saying
all of my life because I've been you
know studying this thing for this field
for decades what do you think people
said to me in my corporate life when I
was they'll say you know thirty years
old relatively young for big
corporations what do you think people
said to me when I was thirty years old
and I would have a wonderful idea
there was either persuasion based or
systems based versus a goal they didn't
get it didn't get it at all it wasn't
what we used to do it's not it's not
what everybody else is saying it's not
what my boss wants to do it just didn't
make any sense right
you just couldn't understand it it was
so far out of left field
when President Trump ran for president
what did people say about just about
every single thing he did they said it
was stupid uninformed ignorant can't
possibly work destructive crazy stupid
racist right so they said he's not
spending enough money they said he's
using Twitter too much they said he was
too mean they said he didn't know enough
he said they said he was lying if you
would sat somebody down and said hey
look I got a plan I'm gonna run for
president and let's say that you've got
some good advisors you've never been
president you're gonna run for president
you've never even been a politician and
you bring your advisors in and your
advisors are Gary
koan you know Kelly mattis although all
the top guys right in cup you know top
women as well all the top people you
bring him in and you say here's my plan
here's how I'm gonna win the presidency
what would they tell you they would walk
out of the room and they would talk to
the first person they saw and they say
good lord this guy's an idiot he is so
stupid oh my god he doesn't he's crazy
he doesn't know that none of this stuff
makes sense he's going to tweet himself
into the presidency are you serious
that's his plan just imagine how stupid
that would sound when President Trump
said yeah I think I'll go talk to Kim
jong-un what do you think everybody said
what do you think all the smart people
said something like that right you know
what did that get us well it got us a
lot further than we've we've been before
now of course critics will say critics
will say but we're stalled now you know
he got played like all the other times
and maybe maybe maybe nothing comes of
it from this point on but it looks to me
exactly like the way I mapped it out for
you there had there had to be walk aways
in this process North Korea had to walk
away at least once but almost certainly
more than once right so we're in a walk
away period where nothing's much ain't
much has changed you know there's still
pressure on them maybe we get China to
do a trade deal and then trying to play
is better with us on North Korea we
might just need to do them in order but
while we're waiting are we in a more
danger
world or less dangerous world Tamiya
seems unambiguously less dangerous much
less dangerous right so who was the
smart one who said let me just talk to
Kim and who were the dumb ones who had
all the information and there were the
experts who would have said no no no you
don't talk to him until we've got a deal
where he gives up everything and we give
up nothing worst stupidest dumbest idea
anybody ever had which was the common
idea so here's my here's my thing
president Trump continually continually
makes systems work that the experts say
won't work do you remember what
everybody said about trade deals end of
the world he's stupid he's crazy don't
start all these trade deals at once now
we don't know how it all all added up
but when I heard it I thought to myself
I'm pretty sure this is a good play to
do them all at once when our economy is
the strongest it's ever been that's when
you do it and if you can do a mullah
once you show everybody how serious you
are if you try to pick off one at a time
well it just just doesn't look serious
he just said let's do them all let's do
them hard and if some of them start
falling in line the other dominoes are
gonna fall
I assume that's the strategy I'm not a
mind-reader and it looks like that's
that might happen I think we might get
Canada lined up pretty soon etc all
right so the other thing I want to say
about the Woodward book is look for the
mind-reading look for how many times the
book starts with a fact that is either
true or untrue but then it devolves into
mind-reading so what that would look
like would be something like this this
this or that aid was quoted as saying
that and then the next sentence will be
something of the nature of the the staff
were panicked they that the president
might do this or that and I think to
myself well there's no it the panic is
not in evidence the panic is not in the
quote you've taken the fact but then
you've sort of exaggerated it into
imagining what people were thinking or
imagining what the president was
thinking now that we've seen that the
president's completely non standard
method for getting elected was totally
good you know totally right now that we
have some you know retrospective
perspective here what does that tell you
about what he's doing in office is it
all dumb and stupid and wrong would
anybody have advised him to insult Jeff
Sessions repeatedly in tweets and in
interviews nobody would tell him to do
that literally no one would tell him
that's a good idea
right but I'll bet it's working I'll bet
it's working
I think Jeff Sessions will probably
resign if the president keeps the
pressure on him and resigning makes the
president not the bad guy he's just a
guy who had an opinion and he was
transparent about it can you hate him
for being transparent
can you hate him for being transparent
no you cannot you cannot hate him for
being transparent and if Jeff Sessions
quits because he doesn't like the
pressure well now you have a gray area
where was that obstructing justice or
was that just a president giving you his
opinion so anyway let's talk about
socialism and I'm hearing people say
well I've been asked this question today
what's the what is the counter
persuasion to socialism because
socialism suddenly became very popular
at least on the left my cat is just
attacking me for for a love here I'll
put it in the picture so it doesn't look
so weird and I've heard people say you
know how can we make socialism sound
terrible any will
well comparative Venezuela we'll call it
communism will call it Marxism will will
say they can't afford it
etc but if you notice that it doesn't
seem that any of those counter attacks
are effective have you ever seen anybody
who said to themselves
Oh Venezuela I guess I don't want
healthcare I've never heard that because
when people think democratic to
socialism
the kind that some some wing of the
Democratic Party are pushing when people
think about that they just think of
Europe and Europe Europe you know
especially if you've been there looks
fine Europe looks fine so I would say
the Venezuela thing doesn't work because
people think that's a special case and
they don't think that's about socialism
per se because there's so many other
countries that have health care and
better education and everything else so
people just say well obviously it works
because of all the countries it does
where
again you can't pick one they had a
special case with bad management so I
don't think the Venezuela thing works
I don't think calling a communist or
social market or some other word or
Stalin or anything comparing it to Hill
or saying that Hitler was a socialist I
don't think any of those work because
you just have too much of a an example
of the European countries who are doing
it
yeah Greece doesn't work you know as
long as there are big successful
European countries making it work people
are going to say the problems are the
other stuff the problem is that you
elected Hitler that's your problem so
let me make a suggestion arguing against
socialism even to my ears
and remember I'm not I'm not a socialist
per se even to my ears
sounds like greedy rich people who don't
want poor people to have education and
health care and none of those other
things like Oh Venezuela Hiller Marxist
communist none of that really changes
what I'm hearing but here's what would
here's what would from a Republican we
also want everybody to have quality
health care but the problem is the cost
the problem is the cost and we can bring
costs down the same way we've boosted
the economy we can get rid of
regulations that are unnecessary speed
things up maybe make medical devices get
through faster maybe make it do some
small trials of medical things maybe do
more direct doctor stuff maybe tweak the
rules around health insurance who can
ensure so you make a story where you can
get to low cost health care and you make
a story where you can get to lower cost
better education without all of the
without all the debt and maybe that
looks like okay
training and maybe it looks like
apprenticeships
so the apprenticeships you know job
training stuff for the people we don't
really need the four-year education
that's a strong counter so I think you
need to pace and lead for those of you
who are new pacing means to agree with
the side you disagree with at first so
you find anything you can agree so when
somebody says we want socialism because
we want better health care options for
people do our money and we want better
education so people don't have to have
crushing debt you don't say how do you
pay for them you're gonna be Venezuela
that just doesn't work it might be true
but it just doesn't work it's not
persuasive here's a better way we want
those things too we have a plan to get
there you don't so we're we're about
similar on both warning health care for
everybody at a reasonable affordable
price and education that doesn't require
student loans we all want to get there
here's how we're doing it here's how
you're doing it your way literally
doesn't have a plan because there's no
the numbers don't add up you would never
get this approved the country would be
weak with them now people will say what
do you mean why would the economy be
weak without it why is it that the
European countries can afford all this
stuff some of them but we can't what's
wrong here's the answer to that the
reason that the Europeans can afford all
that is because we pay for the big part
of their defense the reason that the
Europeans can do this is because we
don't you know we have different
priorities so we're putting our money
into military defense so they don't have
to you know probably at least half of
all the money that they're putting into
their health care I'm just yet you know
these are just guest numbers
but just to make the point probably half
of that would not be available to them
if they had to have their own bro path
robust individual defenses for their
countries alright so that's the argument
the argument is first few pace YES on
healthcare YES on getting rid of student
loans and lowering the cost here's what
we're doing about it
here's what they are doing about it
their plan can work numbers don't add up
our plan already works you can see it
working and let's take the example of
the direct pay doctors if you were to
propose having more of that you'd be in
good shape
one of the other ideas this is from dr.
Shiva I believe I think this is his idea
currently the law or the regulations I'm
not sure what what boundaries we're
talking about but there's some
requirement that to become a doctor you
have to go through more than four years
of education but we don't do that for
other things so why don't you just have
a four-year medical degree so that
doctors can command of it without a huge
crushing debt is that a good idea it
sounds like something we should try we
should at least find out now if somebody
you know it may be that the doctors with
more experience do different types of
specialties or something
but it's the sort of thing that could
lower the cost of medical care all right
physician's assistants yes all right so
that's the point is you don't say don't
say socialism is scary say that you have
a better plan to get the same benefits
all right
i I'm going to talk about I'm gonna give
you a little persuasion lesson that's a
generic lesson I'm going to talk about
fear of flying let's say you wanted to
help persuade somebody who had a fear of
fly one of the ways that people always
do that is if you have a friend who
doesn't want to fly there they just
an irrational fear of like what people
often do is say it's more dangerous to
be in a car there are more car accidents
it's more dangerous to you know slip and
fall in your shower that's the way
people usually do it that is a bad
technique let me tell you why
it's a bad technique because the people
are operating from a starting place of
fear if you mention more things to be
afraid of that does not reduce their
fear
so right there starting with fear of
flying and then you add to their mind
what about the fear of having an
accident
what about the fear of falling in your
bathtub what about the fear of you know
being robbed in your home when you're
done they're more fearful right you're
not taught you're not trying to talk the
man if an irrational feeling would data
in facts that's not going to work so
there's no easy there's no easy way to
get people more comfortable with flying
but don't do that that's probably the
wrong the wrong approach here's a better
approach it's basically the positive way
to say exactly what I already said so
instead of saying these other things are
way more dangerous and you do those all
the time you say you're afraid of flying
that's interesting because one of the
reasons I love flying is it's the safest
easiest thing I do I'm just curled up in
this thing it's it's literally the
safest place in the world based on any
kind of statistics and when I'm there I
feel so safe because it's just the
safest it's just the safest place in the
world
there's nothing safer than being on the
plane in fact I can't even think of
anything safer can you think of anything
safer than being in a plane it's
probably safer than lying on a beach
it's probably safer than taking a nap
it's so safe that it's the place I'd
like to go if I'm afraid of things I'll
go there because it's so safe now one
little speech isn't going to change
somebody's mind but if you're trying to
take the edge off of their fear
would be a better approach so that's my
my only point and I think I hit my big
points for today it's so safe that's how
they move the president around that's a
good one
yeah it's so safe that's how they moved
the president around I probably wouldn't
use the president one because the
president is literally a target for
assassination you know any president is
so and then when you throw in the
president if they're afraid of President
Trump to begin with they've got a whole
nother set of presidential fears that
they just got reminded of Elon Musk is
gonna be Joe Rogan show on Thursday
interesting and I'm gonna have dr. Shiva
back on let me make sure I know when on
Friday so Friday I will have a guest
I'll still have my bad technology then I
might need a few more days to fix things
up but we're gonna learn a lot more
about health care options then yeah I
probably won't be able to do this split
screen yet then I won't have all of my
equipment working maybe I might do you
think he has a chance to win yes he has
a chance don't know the odds but he has
chance
so we're renewing our this is total
change of topic but if you're if you're
following the my startup it's called the
app is called interface by when hub
allows you to immediately connect to an
expert who is online right then on any
topic in the world and the expert sets
their own price so we've just updated
the app so it will allow you to pay by
Apple pay and we still have some
approvals to get from the Google side so
we'll have the Google version in
probably just a few days but right now
we have the Apple pay so if you wanted
to talk to right now we're you know
we're building up our our expert list so
the more experts that join the system
and are available you know on call the
more options you'll have but will get to
the point where with your thumb you'll
be able to connect in like a minute with
an expert on any topic now I told you I
was trying to put together my split
screen studio thing you cannot find
directions on how to do what I want to
do it doesn't exist you can find you
know instructions and how to use their
equipment but in the specific thing that
I want to do which was specifically I
wanted to have my app on one screen so
you can see an expert call again but
also be able to do any other app whether
it's a FaceTime call or anything else or
web web thing you can't find that
instruction it doesn't exist but a very
nice person saw me complaining about it
and offered to help me and I've talked
to him and he answered all the hard
questions so I think I have enough to
put together system had to order and
more equipment that I never would have
known about to do something that
completely surprises me that that's the
way you would use this equipment so I
solved my problem talking to an expert
in five minutes that just was unsolvable
any other way and imagine now you're you
need medical advice or your your low
income person you want to know how to
start a company you want to know how to
incorporate you want to have it you've
got a tax question you've got an
investment question and it's just a
short one you just need 15 minutes if
you've got a thumb and an iPhone pretty
soon you'll be able to get any question
answered by someone who actually has the
answer in minutes some of your biggest
problems in your life solved with your
thumb Boop there's my thumb I'm paying
my credit card the price that they've
set and their prices could be low and by
the way that's not the only problems
that
this kind of app will solve think of all
the lonely people in the world who would
pay just to have company for a while so
you could be an expert at just being
good company you could be an expert at
listening you don't have to have actual
expertise at anything else you could
just be good at listening you could just
be attractive and people just want to
talk to you because you're attractive
for 15 minutes people might want to eat
dinner at home but not alone so they
might put their phone in front of them
call up somebody who who is offered to
eat dinner with them or have a snack
with them just to keep them company you
might have somebody who's going to visit
your grandmother let's say a health care
professional and the health care
professional is visiting your grandma to
check in on her there's a number of
services that would do that for a number
of reasons and you want to be able to
talk to your grandmother at the same
time you're talking to the professional
who is visiting so that you've got a
personal connection well that that
professional might want to get paid for
that extra service so they just use the
interface app and say for another for
another 10 dollars an hour or 20 dollars
an hour or whatever it is you can call
it and I'll just I'll just talk to you
and your grandmother at the same time
we'll make sure she took her pills I'll
ask her the questions you tell me to ask
her and it's just like you're in the
room so when you think of the range of
problems that can be solved imagine
imagine you're a parent and you're
you're you are not a good student you're
a low income person and your kid is
unusually bright and your kid needs help
with homework and if your kid can get
help with homework you've got something
there well maybe you can find a tutor
maybe you can find somebody on the app
who will be there in literally 60
seconds live on on the screen talking to
your kid while you're there right you
don't want the strangers talking to your
kid while you're not there but and they
don't have each other's phone number
that's another thing our apt
so you don't have the connection you
know there's no way to connect with each
other unless you shared information
somebody says it's creepy it's not
creepy if the adults in the room so I
wouldn't recommend kids using it without
an adult but find some speech therapist
a speech therapist would be a perfect
application thank you for that that I
had not thought of that one speech
speech therapist would be a perfect
application how does it work if you're
an expert on two topics you can list as
many topics as you want so when you sign
up as an expert you just put in your
different keywords and anybody searching
for any of those keywords can find you
and you can change your price any time
you want you could be bored and say I'm
bored I'd rather talk to somebody then
charge a lot so you lower your price
because you're stuck somewhere and
you're just bored might as well make a
few bucks all right so it's called
interface by when hub today we've added
the credit card payment option so far
it's only on the Apple version it's
available in stores just use your thumb
to pay you don't need to you could put
in your your code as well and the Google
version should be it should have been
available by now we're just waiting for
some approvals there's a little extra
red tape involved but the the work is
done
all right experts rated yes the experts
rate themselves when they sign on so if
you're a top expert in the field do you
give yourself five stars if you're
pretty good four stars but you might
give yourself three stars you might say
well I'm a pretty good gardener and
that's more than most people so if they
just have a basic question on gardening
I'm a three out of five gardener level I
could probably answer that question and
then once people have used you have
connected to you they can also rank you
so you'll have a rating from users and
you'll have
raining from yourself that people could
see let's see if Dershowitz signs up
yeah I don't think alan dershowitz will
sign up but i do expect you will see
some well-known people very soon because
i'm we're already talking to two names
you have heard people that you would be
familiar with to be early users I see a
good suggestion about the stars on there
and I will take that into consideration
actually somebody says I associate with
too many creeps that's my that's my
brand so my brand is if you think
somebody's a creep I'm gonna talk to
them if you think somebody is awesome
I'm gonna talk to him if you've never
heard of somebody I gotta talk to him if
you really hate that person I'm gonna
talk to him that's my brand right and
that protects me because if I would only
talk to good people both talk to one one
bad person you'd say oh I can't get it
out of my head you talk to a bad person
forever now I will feel bad
who's who's the Farrakhan so if
Farrakhan wanted to talk to me or even
wanted to appear on my Whitney would I
have him on yes yes I would I would have
anybody on now I had a Rico violation
would you talk to David Duke I would
love to I would love to talk to David
Duke remember my brand isn't that I
agree with you my brand is that if I'd
you know I'm gonna talk to you it
doesn't matter who it is I get to talk
to you nobody can take that away from me
I I assert that as my inalienable right
to talk to anybody I want I'm not going
to agree with them and you'll know that
so
there you go and by the way can you tell
me you wouldn't enjoy me talking to an
actual you know white supremacist come
on
you know you'd like that that that would
be good watching alright for those of
you who are new I'm not a white
supremacist that's what would make it
fun sure I would talk to Alexandria
Ocasio
Cortes I think that's the closest I've
ever gotten to pronouncing her name
correctly I would absolutely talk to her
she'd be very interesting and but and
that's why we all talk about her cause
she's so interesting right like or hate
her she's interesting bad optics so what
I probably would not do is if I were
only talking to three people that here
you know under that situation I wouldn't
have somebody on who was too provocative
because that yeah it's hard to explain
that but if you have lots of people then
definitely I would make it the most
diverse group of possibly could all the
nuts that Tucker Carlson talks to well
there's a perfect example Tucker Carlson
talks to people he agrees with and
people he completely disagrees with
kim.com
absolutely he'd be fun I could do all
the people that other people do it
my girlfriend everybody wants to see
Christine on here all right I think
that's enough for now
and I will talk to you later