come on in
here we're going to have a
show let me get your comments
working perfect
perfect everything's working
today good morning everybody and welcome
to the highlight of human civilization
it's called coffee with Scott Adams and
you never had a better time but if you'd
like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny human brains all
you need for that is a cuper mug glass
of tanker chells orstein a canteen
Jugger flask a vessel of any kind filled
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
the dopam beine H the day think that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous lip and it's about to
happen now go
well I dare say the luckiest person
watching this show is the one who just
said they're folding their laundry there
are very few forms of entertainment that
go with folding your laundry better than
this it's really the ultimate laundry
folding
show well let's talk about all the
things we'll talk about some science and
we'll get into the politics I know
you're waiting for it but uh apparently
scientists according to interesting
engineering some Penn State people found
out how to get the lithium out of the
ground or out of the Rocks I guess in a
super efficient way I didn't realize how
hard it was to get lithium you got to do
stuff like drain a lake and you know
work through the Brine and all that but
apparently they've developed an
electrochemical process which is so
efficient it could completely Chang the
economics and the mining so you could
imagine that the US for example if they
found this efficient way that apparently
doesn't have a downside uh to extracting
the lithium from ore maybe we can do
more of it in the US without the mining
that kills
people well as you know Refrigeration
hasn't changed much in many decades but
now there's a new breakthrough
thermogalvanic
something thermogalvanic
Refrigeration now I don't know what that
is but it sounds impressive and
apparently it's really efficient and
it's practical so you might see a big
change in refrigeration that's kind of a
big deal if you think about how much uh
air conditioning and refrigerating add
to our energy
load imagine needing a lot less of
it the uh the equivalent of how much
you'd save an energy it's got to be big
I mean if your Refrigeration cost you
know went down by 50% for at least new
stuff pretty
big well um I tried to oh here's another
one the brighter according to the
brighter side and Mario naal is talking
about this so scientists now have a drug
that rep repairs myelin that's the
protective sheath around nerves now why
is is that important because if you can
if you can repair
myelin uh you can repair Ms strokes and
brain
injuries so you could you could repair
nerve damage and brains you might there
might be a way to fix your
brain because apparently that milein
repair is a a big deal could even
restore lost vision and maybe other
brain functions wow so that's a really
big
deal if it works so I decided to do a
semide dive into the California water
situation because I was trying to figure
out is it really
true that all it took was Trump to say
turn that spigot and then suddenly
California would have all kinds of water
and we could do all the farming we want
and is that true cuz it doesn't feel
like that could be true so I asked some
people and some some people sent me two
different threads which were explaining
the water situation and here's what I've
learned it's way too
complicated for any normal person to
understand so if I started explaining if
I understood it if I started explaining
where the water comes from where it's
going to what the downside of letting
too much out for from for each of the
different mechanisms so there's a whole
different risk reward for everyone some
Zone some is owned by the government the
federal some is owned by the state some
of it have some you know endangered fish
problems some doesn't some has some
potential flooding problems some doesn't
sometimes they want to keep the water
sometimes they want to use the water
depending on what the water is for is it
drinkable is it only for something else
maybe only for irrigation and then
there's the people who own the water
rights and the
farmers here here's here's my final word
on that can't
tell there's literally no way to know
for me as an honest Observer I have no
idea if Trump made any difference I
don't know if he made it worse or better
I I have no idea now a lot of a lot of
well-meaning people have given me a lot
of good information but there's way too
much of it and it all interrelates right
because if you do too much of this it's
going to have an effect on this other
thing that you didn't count on you know
might flood things you know see so
there's so many moving parts that I'm
convinced that even the California
experts don't actually understand their
own system so the complexity has made it
impossible to solve because that the
public can't help because we're not
going to understand it so so that's my
bottom line it's too hard to to
understand and I'm not sure if even the
experts have a grasp on
it all right well the big news today is
tariffs
so Trump's tariffs on Canada and Mexico
and uh China go into effect I guess
right now
so um Mexico and Canada will get a 25%
tariff I think energy is not included
because we don't want to pay more for
our energy we don't get a ton of it um
and uh China
10% so what are they doing about it well
um Al Trump took the opportunity with
the tariffs to essentially say that the
government of Mexico is in bed with the
cartels he just says it directly he
basically just says yeah cartels have
been controlling the government okay I I
didn't know you were supposed to say
that out loud if you're the president
but the president did and I appreciate
that because it feels like that's a more
honest way to treat
it um so we'll talk about we'll talk
about tariffs in general and whether
that's a good idea but let's just look
at these
individually so part of what Trump wants
to do is get these countries to put
their fentel situation in order they
want they want China to stop producing
it China says we've already stopped it
of course they haven't and uh we want
Mexico and Canada to close their border
I think most of it's coming from Mexico
but
uh here's what's happening in Mexico so
the cartels according to Liberty Nation
news are already losing billions of
dollars because they lost their uh
migrant money so the cartels were making
money by helping the migrants get into
the United States when Trump shuts the
Border there's this
gigantic um economic engine that just
turns off so the cartels went from just
so much money you could barely handle it
to uh oh can't pay the bills so what
that's going to cause is apparently it's
already happening the cartels are going
to start fighting with each other so
each cartel will say uh oh the only way
I can make my money back since the
border is largely closed is to take some
business from my competitor so the
cartels are starting to fight each other
does it get better than
that Trump trump closes the Border
and before we even send in our military
the cartels are already fighting with
each other maybe we could just watch
that for a while see how that
goes
anyway
um so China's response to the fentanyl
charge at least from China's foreign
Ministry was quote fentanyl is America's
problem the Chinese side has carried
down extensive anti- cartic uh
cooperation with with the United States
and Achieve remarkable
results
really really China are are you telling
me that no fenel is coming from
China nobody believes that right so it
may be that they Clos down some specific
dealers or something like that but no no
I'm sure it's all coming from China so I
don't trust them on
that um
so here I I don't think this will have
any impact on fentol do you does anybody
think the tariffs will have any impact
on
fenel I don't even know if the closed
border will have an effect you know that
the fentanyl problem is that the entire
uh size of the package that would give a
million people overdose is basically the
size of baseball so you can just take a
baseball and Hollow it out throw it over
the fence anywhere you want if you have
somebody on the other side and then
there's your entire you know a million
deaths of fenel one
baseball-sized container so I don't
really see a way to stop it unless you
murder all of the cartel people involved
and people become too afraid to touch it
but we're a long way from
that all right so here's a weird thing
about
tariffs um so I'm going to say the
oversimplified short-term View and then
those of you who know a little bit more
about economics are going to say but
Scott you forgot this and you forgot
that I didn't forget them I'll mention
them in the long-term effect right so
there's a shortterm and a longterm
shortterm tariff Wars are weird because
it's each country trying to tax itself
to hurt the other
country because tariffs are paid by uh
the importing company so America
companies are going to pay the tariffs
that's just what a tariff is that's the
only way it works so in the short run
the competition will be Can Can America
survive whatever retaliatory tariffs
there are because of course there will
be um can we survive better than the
company the country that we're battling
with now if if the country with the
strongest economy is in a trade war with
a country with a weaker economy
I would expect the stronger economy to
have all of the negotiating position and
maybe get some kind of a deal done
because it's so one-sided you know you
better Just
Surrender and that's largely the case
with two of these countries so right now
Mexico exports to the us as a percentage
of GDP
35% so 35% of Mexico's GDP is exports to
the US how much do we export to
Mexico
1.2%
1.2 so what happens if 1.2% of the
things we buy from
Mexico go up in price
25% you're not even going to notice you
won't even notice but in but in Mexico
if 35% of what drives their GDP suddenly
had a huge monetary impact on it they're
going to notice that right away
so Canada is similar they they uh they
export to the US 22% of their GDP but
the things that we export to Canada is
1.5% so when when they put a tariff on
us it'll be on such a small little bunch
of goods that we won't even notice when
we put a tariff on either Canada or
Mexico oh they're going to notice yeah
that's that's certainly they're going to
notice and their economies are you know
at least Canada seems a little weaker
than the US so it's a weaker economy
they don't have the same punch back
ability because the imbalance of trade
So in
theory it puts Trump in in charge of the
negotiations so that's good now here's
the part that you wanted me to say some
of you were better at economics in the
short
run um the company that importing is
going to pay the United States the
Tariff so it's like it's like a tax on
the United States by the United
States but in the longer term and
sometimes it could happen faster the the
company that uh is exporting the goods
to
America let's say China they might just
lower the price of their goods a little
bit maybe not the full 25% but depending
on the margins I guess whatever kind of
profit margin they have they could take
a little of the pain off by lowering the
cost of the
product um and then maybe try to sell
the same amount but that'd be hard
because they probably don't have that
much margin in their
profits um over
time what the tariffs do is it would
cause more American companies to make
products maybe or other countries to be
uh a source for those same products and
according to the Wall Street Journal
uh the tariffs the Tariff War as it as
it looks is likely to devalue the
currency of the companies we're at War
at but not the US currency so in other
words the Mexican peso and the Canadian
dollar might become worth
less uh compared to the American dollar
so that would be again more more
negotiating power so um you're now the
smartest people in this conversation
because number one you know that the
payment is made at least initially by
the same same country that puts the
Tariff on the other country it's
basically a tax on yourself so we're
having a competition to see who can tax
themselves harder and survive and
because of the imbalance in trade it
looks like America has all the
guards and then then the second thing
you need to know is that the long term
people start adjusting so the
competitive environment changes if it
looks like it's going to be a long-term
situation but that's not going to happen
right away because people would quite
reasonably say h this might be
temporary you know a year from now or or
let's say under the next president are
you really going to have same tariffs
because if the tariffs stay then some
people may say aha that's exactly the
you know the advantage I needed to start
this
Manufacturing Company in the United
States but here's where I need a fact
check if if Chinese Goods became let's
say 10 or 25% more
expensive would that make any difference
because I feel like they have such a
huge cost advantage that even if their
cost went up 25% we still couldn't
compete domestically we we couldn't make
it a factory in the United States that
could beat them on costs just because we
raised their cost artificially with a
tariff I I don't think we're anywhere in
the ballpark of being able to repatriate
some of these
businesses all
right um so we'll see we will see what
the effect is I'll tell you I feel like
Trump's Instinct on this is right
because the US has such a negotiating
advantage that it gives Trump several
ways to win and no way to
lose if nothing happens he's going to
claim that the uh tariff payments are
free money to the United States really
just taxing the United States but
okay so as long as people don't
understand
it Trump can claim victory because we
don't know we're like I don't know is it
good in the short run good in the long
run we don't really understand this
tariff stuff so if it's complicated
Trump can claim victory what does that
sound like is there any other comp any
other situation in which Trump can claim
victory just because you can't tell the
difference yes the California water
situation it's possible that what Trump
did made a big difference and only Trump
could do it and it solved a big problem
that would be his claim it's possible
that a random change was made and he
just took credit
we can't tell the difference so if I'm
talking about what makes sense from a
persuasion perspective it makes sense
for Trump to claim credit whenever we
can't
tell because it's not so much about the
past yeah it's not so much that he can
you know add it to his resume that part
I don't care about what I care about is
it sends a message of American
competence look we figured out how to
solve this look we figured out how to
solve that look Trump solved another
problem if we can continue to nurture
this idea that Trump can say solve
basically any
problem people will start conforming to
that if people believe that Trump will
solve their problems then as soon as he
enters the game everybody gets flexible
that's what's happening with Ukraine so
until Trump was elected Ukraine was all
oh we're never going to make make peace
we've got to win this war but as soon as
Trump's
elected Putin's like hey let's talk you
know you you wanted to talk anyway but
uh zinski is like yeah yeah let's talk
let's work this out I think that's the
Trump effect so I'm perfectly okay with
Trump taking let's say uh a little
uh taking a little
liberty with his statements of success
cu the more you think he is successful
the more successful he will become it's
basically loading him up you know it's
how the public can load him with extra
energy to get stuff done if he thinks
he's winning and we treat him like he's
winning and people say he's winning he's
going to do more
winning you know his energy will be
right um people will conform to it it's
all good but I don't know if he did
anything for California water and I have
no idea how the tariffs are going to
shake out but he will take credit
he will take credit and that is exactly
the right play for a
leader it would be so weak if he said
well we've made these changes but
frankly we can't tell if they work that
might be
honest but I don't need
that I wanted to say it worked if we
can't tell one way or the other say it
worked anyway um at the same time
there's a big change in in Imports uh
regarding something called de Minimus
shipments now I didn't know this was a
thing but apparently until it was just
changed um if you were shipping into the
United States something that was worth
less than
$800 you didn't have to go through the
same uh custom and Duty customs and Duty
payments so uh now that sounds like just
a good idea right if it's a small
package
you don't want to have every little
package have to go through customs and
it would just slow everything down so it
seems like a good idea let's make the
small packages you that aren't worth
much money let's just have them skip
that you know laborious process here's
what happened you would not be
surprised China and probably others are
gaming the system like crazy so if they
have a if they have a let's say a
container full of parts
instead of saying hey I have one
container full of Parts it's worth a
million
dollars they will package each of the
parts as a sub
$800 um pieces and they'll treat them
all as their individual packages under
$800 oh yeah the the container is full
it's the same container except if we put
them in individual packages every one of
them skates under the line so apparently
uh Trump Administration just put a stop
to that
I don't know what's replacing it because
you probably do need some way to at
least get the little stuff through with
all the work um but I guess that was a
gigantic thing so the people who work in
that business say everybody knew this
was a problem um Trump just fixed it and
it's a big deal we'll
see um so Trump apparently did an air
strike on Isis in
Somalia uh there's some Isis planner I
guess senior ISIS attack planner and uh
Trump says we will find you and we will
kill you and then he released the video
of what looked like the bombing attack
that took out that uh that ISIS attack
planner now I do like it when Trump
takes on a leader and makes sure all the
other leaders see it you know I'm
talking about Isis leaders not not not
the European leaders
uh but uh I like this
and and I like I like where he says we
will find you because the we will find
you part is the only thing that gives
the bad guys's Comfort well they'll
never find
me and Trump's saying we'll find you and
then he finds somebody and he kills
him and you'll probably find some more
people and kill them so that the thing
that Trump knows he needs to fix is the
we can find you problem everybody knows
we can kill people like that's that's no
news it doesn't change anybody's
thinking that we do kill people it's a
war U but if you say we can find you
every time well that might have some
impact on their leadership
transitions anyway um according to
George Papadopoulos who was posting
about this there's a leaked email from
John Brennan about the 51 intelligence
people who signed the uh the letter
saying that uh Hunter's laptop was at
all the earmarks of Russian
disinformation so the actual email that
went from a fellow named Michael Morell
to John Brennan asking him to sign the
document we actually have the email now
here's the last line of the document so
in the document um Brennan is saying oh
this is a good idea and you know thanks
for adding me I'll sign it so brenon
knew what it was
and agreed to sign it so he wasn't an
organizer so Brennan was not an
organizer but he was a signer and here's
what uh Michael Morell said in his very
short email describing that he wanted
people to sign this thing he said quote
trying to give the campaign meaning
Biden's campaign particularly during the
debate on Thursday a talking point to
push back on Trump on
this he actually said it out loud
it's in writing that the person who
organized the 51 um people to sign
it that the point of it was to give a
talking point at the uh at the debate he
says it
directly and and Brenan says oh good
idea to create a talking
point they knew it wasn't
real now I'm reading between the lines
all right I can't read their minds but
does that strongly suggest they knew
exactly what they were doing and it was
just a political talking point it had
nothing to do with warning the country
about oh well it's you know our job as
experts it's our job to warn the country
that this might be Russian
disinformation might
be
so is that the Smoking
Gun it's right on the edge you know you
could imagine if this went to court in
some way that there'd be some argument
that well you know he's just saying
that's one use for it he's not saying
that they don't believe it he's just
saying one of its purposes would be to
help Biden in the
debate so I'm not sure it's a Smoking
Gun with fire but there's a lot of
smoke anyway so here's my question do
you think Democrats will ever hear that
story do you think the CNN or MSNBC will
carry the story about the leaked Brennan
email that strongly suggests that they
knew it was just political
reasons I don't think Democrats will
ever hear that
story what do you think and it will also
tell you how controlled they are I think
they're completely controlled and that
they just are told not to run this story
you can see it on social media you can
see that X but that's about it you
probably won't see it many
places so
so let's talk about the Elon Musk effect
which is on a lot of things
lately um so yesterday or the day before
I posted that uh Bernie
Sanders um and his treatment of RFK Jr
at the confirmation hearings made me
lose all respect for him now of course
this caused every NPC to say lose
respect why did you have any respect for
him in the first place let me explain
how this works
it's always good to say that you used to
respect somebody before you tell before
you explain why you don't anymore
because it wouldn't make much of an
impact if I said I used to not uh
respect him and I still
don't that's a
nothing if you say you used to respect
them in some way right I didn't like I
don't like his policies I've often said
that he can't do math so he doesn't
understand how anything fits together
but just in terms of his what I what I
thought was his genuine interest in in
making things better but didn't know how
so I thought well there's something to
respect in there that you're working
hard to try to make things better the
fact that you don't know the best way to
do it is not ideal but you know you
could like the intention and you could
like the effort and it seemed like there
were things that I could
respect and then I changed my mind and
said now you know once I saw saw the
what about the onesie what about the
onesie RFK Jr what about the onesie and
I was like oh my God he's just that
person so I make that comment and gets a
few hundred thousand uh
responses and then a day goes by and
Elon Musk comments on it uh something
kind of like agreement I forget the
exact words so Elan musk comments on it
and and the last time I checked they had
38 million
views 38
million just because Elon commented on
it oh my
God so think about how important that is
in terms of
persuasion you you've probably noticed
that whenever Elon comments on anybody's
post it it immediately goes into the
multi-millions so if it's a good post
and people like it and then Elon boosts
it you're going to get you're going to
get 10 to 30 million
views 10 to 30 that's bigger than any
news Outlet I mean it's bigger than CNN
it's bigger than MSNBC and what's
interesting is it puts it puts uh Elon
Musk in the
position of influencing which messages
you see and decid of the algorithm so
the algorithm is deciding what you see
which is mostly stuff you want to see or
at least that's what it's trying to do
it's trying to give you more of what you
like and less of what you don't like but
Elon is his own
algorithm so when uh Elon Musk is
looking at the posts like the rest of us
when when I boost something I say to
myself oh if I boost this I've got 1.2
million followers and a lot of them are
really connected people and like oh this
could make a difference just because I
boosted it but when he boosts things
it's like aund times bigger so his
ability to influence the national
conversation and influence Minds is now
somewhat
unprecedented I would say that only
Trump has a sort of a global persuasion
powers that are a little bit greater and
maybe the Gap is closing but boy you you
can't Overlook the fact that he can
touch something once and 38 million
people will see it it so that's that's
what happened to me 38 million people
saw me running running uh Sanders into
the
ground meanwhile speaking of CNN I was
watching uh poor Frank Lun he was on one
of the CNN panels where everybody talks
over you so I'd like to give my
impression of Frank Lun trying to talk
on the CNN panel this is Frank Lun well
it's important that you blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah
okay um just continuing it's important
that you blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah
blah okay uh are you going to let me
talk uh I've listened to you are you
done all right I'll continue so what I
was trying to say is blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah the whole
show is basically black panelists trying
to talk over any white people who say
anything at all
the the the Abby Philip panel it just
looks like a racist you know skunk fight
and and and the white people are just
trying to survive you know uh Ken uh
Scott
Jennings does the best job of it because
he's completely
unflappable but Lun was getting a little
flapped meaning that he really really
wanted to talk because that's why he was
invited there they invited him because
they wanted to hear what he had to say
and every time he had he tried to talk
BL you couldn't hear a
word so that that's basically just a a
racist kind of a show Abby philli is one
of the pushers of the fine people hoax
and then she did this turning the Dei
stuff into another hoax here's how the
hoax
Works uh Dei is being cancelled by Trump
and and he said some things about
Dei why does he have to bring race into
it okay he didn't bring race into it di
is not about race only it's about
diversity but it's a system he he's he's
uh talking about the system but why must
he say that this one pilot must be a Dei
hire never said that never said that
that's you making up something no he's
not blaming
individuals he's saying that the system
guarantees some incompetence and it
looks like the at least in the FAA it
looks like their hiring was limited
because they were trying to hire people
but they couldn't get enough who were
diverse so they just were underst
staffed and it would seem that underst
Staffing was at least part of the
problem for the latest airline disaster
now we don't know all the details it
could turn out that you know the the big
variable is some entirely different
thing but on on the
surface it does seem like there were
more planes than there were Airline
controllers for that for the job and
that's got to make a difference
so on one hand I was thinking that Trump
is not doing a good enough job
explaining that he's not saying any one
person is a Dei hire because that's a
mistake that's just a pure mistake you
you don't really know if any one person
is the Dei higher problem you you might
say that they are a Dei
hire but it's sort of a leap to say that
therefore they're also the problem you
know those are separate you can be a Dei
hire who does a good job that's probably
more common than the other thing
so um when the Abby Phillip racist kind
of treatment comes in the thing remember
the thing they're doing they're trying
to turn a system complaint that the de
system creates inefficiency and racism
and they're trying to turn it into why
do you why do you not like black people
they're actually doing that is basically
why why is Trump saying bad things about
black people which has never happened it
just doesn't happen it's just not
anything he's ever done or would ever
do
so anyway um JD
Vance had to do some of the uh clean
up and uh he nailed it all right so let
me read what JD Vance said when he was
asked about this whole Dei thing so he
said um he was talking to Maria
baroma and he said
uh quote there's a direct connection
between Biden policies on Dei and
understaffed control
towers and he credited Trump for
intervening now that's a % right because
the way Vance described it is not about
any
individual but that there was a staffing
problem and it could be tied very
directly to the policies which were de
that's perfect now part of me thought
you know I think Trump should treat it
this way
too and then I said you know
what the thing that makes Trump trump is
he doesn't give a about what I'm
saying
if he thinks it's a Dei problem and then
he says it looks like a Dei problem and
he's right in the sense that Vance is
explaining it not in the sense that
anyone individual's
problem I think he could just drop it
and walk away and then let Vance clean
it up let the news clean it up let other
people add the
Nuance I I like it when Trump just drops
the right in the middle of their
their cocktail party and then they have
to deal with it
I like
that if he if he didn't have uh good
explainers around him that can you know
say what it really means then maybe not
but but this onew punch of trump uh
loosens up the room and then JD Vance
comes in and just owns the room I like
it Trump shakes the Box JD Vance comes
in and puts it back in order in in a new
way you know a new order not the old
order very good onew
punch so we'll see if anything changes
on that
messaging well what we do know now is
that the um the blackhaw helicopter had
three Pilots the one that we didn't hear
about for a while is the only female
pilot do we think that that's the reason
we didn't hear about it well the
speculation which is pure speculation
and very
unfair you know within the the close
proximity of the actual disaster because
the family the family is recovering um
slowly uh
Etc but um the questions being asked are
is the reason there was a delay so that
social media could be scrubbed because
there are some photos that people found
that that show the female pilot in uh
The Smiling company of a group of people
who appear to be all LG
btq which would
suggest it's less likely that she was
the only you know straight white woman
in the LGBT group because they were
posing for a picture it seems a little
more likely she was part of that group
but we don't know that now would that
change my opinion if I if I found out
that she was uh hired in part because
she's a lesbian which by the way is not
confirmed at all I don't know if that
would change my opinion
is there anybody here who thinks a
lesbian can't fly a
helicopter I don't think that's the
thing is
it I see no reason that you can't have
the best pilots in the world be
lesbians why not so
um again I wouldn't focus on her but
there is some question whether they
cleaned up her uh situation so it
wouldn't look like it was the problem
which I wouldn't mind you know if the
family wants to you know just stay under
the Limelight on this because it's not
really a limelight they want to be part
of I'd respect that I respect the
family's wishes um but I'll just say
that the conversation is out there don't
think it's useful I just don't think
it's useful we should let that go let
let the family just deal with their
situation um so MSNBC talking about the
firings of all the senior FBI people who
were were in some way involved with law
faring Trump or the January 6 stuff um
and here's what Andy wisman said uh as
he was
bleeding b a t bleed like a
sheep um he said that uh the FBI Su
agents who got fired could sue Trump um
because there's no cause for the firing
and they can only be fired for cause
to which I say what do you mean there
was no cause no cause are you telling me
that hunting Republicans is not cause
for removal by a
republican I can't think of a better
cause what would you have to do that
would be worse than that they haunted
Republicans they haunted them they
haunted
Republicans in the real world I'm not
making that up they haunted them they
haunted for political purposes I don't
think any of them really thought that
putting grandma in jail because she
trespassed was making the country a
safer place not one of them thought that
but why did they do it why were they
doing it if they knew it wouldn't make
the country
safer why well obviously political
reasons so if you're in the FBI and
you're putting people in jail for
political reasons and it's one side
only yeah that's a firing offense that's
a super firing offense now you might say
to me but Scott many of them didn't have
a choice they were assigned it and they
were just doing their job to which I say
I don't care if you were assigned to
murder somebody and murder was illegal
it is by the way it's totally illegal
and you murdered somebody would I say
well it was just an assignment no if if
you're a member of the FBI and you're
hunting one group of Americans for
political reasons you don't think you
know that you think you would be unaware
that what you're doing should put you in
jail I don't think it'll put anybody in
jail but it's bad
enough so no I have no sympathy for
anybody who took the assignment as
opposed to quitting now it's a tough
choice I get it in the real world people
don't quit they need their jobs you know
you don't want to ruin your whole career
over this because you really can't get
it back if you if you turned into a
whistleblower you're dead but that's
also not my problem it's not my problem
that they couldn't say no if they wanted
to and I don't even think they wanted to
I suspect that they wanted to do it but
we don't know if that's true of all of
them um I didn't remember this but I was
reminded that I guess cash Patel and Pam
bondy both said during the confirmation
process that they wouldn't fire people
who were associated with these
activities the January 6 in the lawfare
I guess
and both of them said they wouldn't but
uh neither of them are
confirmed uh so the acting the acting
heads are doing the
firing now do you think that the
Democrats are now um let's say uh
unhappy with dragging out the
process you realize that if the
Democrats had said wait okay you're not
going to fire these people okay let's
vote right now all our questions are
answered let's get it over with what
would have happened if cash Patel and
Pam Bondi had both immediately been
approved after saying in public that
they wouldn't do this I feel like they
wouldn't do it because they'd be trapped
with what they said I mean maybe Trump
would force them to somehow but it's
hard it's hard for me to take their
complaints seriously when the people who
said they wouldn't do it are being held
up by the people who who want it to be
not
done so I told you yesterday that the
treasury
Department which is essentially the one
writing the
checks um if I have that right so they
write they write checks for the
government to pay everything that the
government needs to pay uh I don't know
if that's exactly true but for our
purposes today let's say it is and uh
you heard that the uh the highest
ranking treasury official this guy named
David lbck he resigned rather than
comply with the request from Doge for
access to audit it so all they wanted
was access the system so they could see
what was spent where and the guy who is
in charge
quit he quit now keep in mind that doge
is completely authorized by the elected
government of the United
States and he was just not going to help
so he quit well that looks as suspicious
as anything good look and then musk says
about this that the Doge team uh when
they got into the treasury Department
system or or even before he says that
the team discovered among other things
that payment approval officers at
treasury were instructed always to
improve to approve payments even to
known fraudulent or terrorist
groups now some of the payments to
terrorist
groups uh may have been some strategic
play that you know the CIA was trying to
get one terrorist group to kill the
other terrorist group or you know so
maybe there's some reasons for it but uh
apparently they were just told nope
don't judge them just approve them now
what happens when you have a payment
system in which there are no checks and
balances it's out of
control it is it possible that Democrats
don't know that that if you don't have
somebody controlling every dollar it
will all get stolen
or is that exactly the plan to have the
least amount of checking so you can have
the most amount of theft it looks like
that one of the things uh musk is saying
about the Doge effort is that uh they
work on weekends it's like a superpower
over people who don't work on
weekends and I gotta tell you I I've
worked weekends my entire career my
adult life I've always worked weekends
and it is
superpower I mean and and also getting
up earlier and sleeping less I've had
the equivalent of basically three lives
well many of you have had
two now you might have enjoyed your your
your one or two lives more than my three
I don't know it's hard to compare but
I've I've lived the equivalent of three
lives and I feel it I feel like I've had
three lives running
simultaneously so every once in a while
it's very rare
something happens where I would wake up
late it just ruins my whole day because
I feel like I didn't get anything done I
don't know how you do it anyway um how
many of you know what USA is the
organization in the government called us
Aid us
Aid now wouldn't you think that if there
were some big well-funded organization
with that name in our government that
they would be giving Aid to other
countries from the US or maybe you'd
even think it's for the us because it's
us it's got Aid in it but uh the aid is
not Aid it's something else and
according to Mike BS uh us Aid is of the
state department in the CIA topple
governments through something called
capacity building so if you want to
understand how the real world Works
here's a term you have to understand
capacity
building the way that work works is if
the United States wants to overthrow
some smaller
country we first use this USA thing to
fund a bunch of things in that Target
country that will make it easier to
overthrow it so uh they might fund some
fake groups that are opposed to the
government they might uh they might back
um some Street muscle so apparently
Street muscle is important to
overthrowing any any country if they
have big unions
then you use your money to bribe or
control the unions and they become your
street muscle if you don't have big
unions you
try green people or antifa or Communists
or somebody you you have to find some
Street muscle that's important so you've
got your uh your NOS your various
organizations that are working against
the target company and there might be
like lots of them and then you've got
the street muscle and then of course uh
we would have to control the
media so we'd have to control the media
so the media says if it's not controlled
by the dictator um but at least the
social media so that there's a a story
against whoever's in
charge
and so that's kind of the deal you take
so that's called capacity building I'm
doing a bad job of explaining it
capacity building means creating
permanent or semi-permanent things in
another country for the purpose of
taking them over and apparently we do it
really well and apparently it was done
against the United States uh by by some
of the same players they just turned it
Inward and uh tried to control a lot of
the United States so the the uh the NOS
I guess there are just thousands of them
and they're in interconnected so you
can't tell where the money is Flowing
it's like you might give money to one
NGO whose job is to distribute to other
Nos and then some of them distribute to
other NOS so you can't even tell where
the money's going which apparently is
intentional so you have this vast amount
of uh money controlled by the state
department and the CIA uh that goes to
this USA thing which is you know
allegedly a legitimate outfit but it's
about overthrowing countries including
America
and um it looks like the whole thing's
just going to go away
so half of the employees were
contractors and Doge and Trump just said
all the contractors are
gone so as somebody an ex named William
wolf said Trump is literally Thanos
snapping the Deep State end of
existence so I guess the USA people some
of them were on a zoom call and all of a
sudden the zoom call went you know half
of the people went dark it was like
Thanos from the uh you know the
superhero movies where he snaps his
fingers and half of the population of
the planet dies yeah so Trump is Thanos
snapping the Deep stay that of
existence if you'd like to
know is US Aid something that um you
should be on their side because let's
say hey at least they're working for
America you know maybe they're doing bad
things to other countries but they're
doing it for a good reason in terms of
America so America is stronger because
they exist well here's something else
you should know about USA according to
Steven Miller 98% of the USA people
donated to comml Harris or other
left-wing
candidates huh so one of the ways that
they that the USA controls other
countries is by getting the other
countries to be um infected by Dei
climate change abortion rights and
identity politics
uh wait a minute are you saying
Scott that we use the things that are
popular in the United States to destroy
other countries
yep does that mean that those things are
only big in the United States because
the same entities are trying to destroy
the United
States maybe it's what it looks like if
we know that if we know that building up
capacity in another country where
they're fighting over Dei they're
fighting over climate and there's lots
of money sloshing around that allegedly
is going to climate and glowing and you
know abortion rights and identity I
think abortion rights is probably the
smaller one but identity
politics do you think there's any chance
if we use these things for weapons to
destroy other countries you don't think
that's what's happening to us now in the
United States it wouldn't be to destroy
the country would be to change the
leadership to make sure the leadership
was on board with climate and abortion
and identity and
Dei so here's the capacity first you
come up with these things that seem
bigger than the country you know hey you
got to have Dei gota got to have climate
you you got to have identity and you
make that bigger than people's
patriotism and then you can control the
country by controlling those things
so the fact that uh for most of the last
20 years if you went in public and spoke
out against Dei climate abortion or
identity it would be the end of your
professional
career do you think that's a coincidence
no that looks exactly like these are
meant for capacity building and these
are not even real topics meaning that if
they were not introduced by people who
wanted to control the country they
wouldn't even be here we we would have
been uh we don't need Dei because we're
a Melting Pot right uh we would say
climate change uh you know doesn't seem
to make sense because India and China
aren't going to change and so there's
nothing we can do but instead we act
like we're the only ones who can do
anything and it's existential threat
that doesn't make any sense right why
would you even have that frame unless
you were trying to control the
country um and Iden politics obviously
same
thing anyway
um so it looks like uh us Aid is going
to
be vastly
decreased um I told you how uh James
Carville referred to KL Harris as the
seventh string quarterback and said you
know you can't win the Super Bowl with a
seventh string
quarterback now he was asked more about
it in another
interview um
and he he's not backing off of that but
here's what's funny about it Carville is
using a lot of words to describe that
Dei destroyed the
Democrats because the real story of KL
Harris is not that she was anointed it
was that nobody else could be
anointed because of
Dei if she were not a Dei qualified
candidate do you think she would have
been picked
without any
process no I think the thing that
allowed them to say okay this is obvious
you know this is the way to go people
will be okay with it is that she was
female in
black and that made it okay so
carville's so
close but we'll see how Brave he is
because he knows it's a Dei problem you
know he knows right because he's not
dumb he's been around he knows exactly
what the problem is and I think before
he's actually he may have actually made
reference to the fact that they you know
they couldn't leave the Dei or let's say
the identity I think they would say it's
an identity thing um but he's so close
to being a
republican meanwhile the DNC has picked
a new chairperson uh Ken Martin uh let
me explain Ken Martin he is the whitest
man in America and uh if if you'd like
to know how white he is uh I think I can
do a good impression of it's dancing for
Tik Tok
talk um so this will tell you you know
does he just look white or or is he
white like all the way through well
here's him
dancing I arrest my case he's as white
as you could possibly be can't get
whiter than
that if you're listening on audio I just
did a hilarious impression of a white
man dancing ING with no rhythm
whatsoever how did I do such a good
impression well it's a trick it just
turns out that's how I dance sorry so
yes the whitest man in America is a
chair and uh but at least at least they
added some diversity for the vice chair
which is uh David hog the young man who
is the anti-gun
advocate so two of the whitest men in
America
now how does that
work because I saw all the candidates
who were trying out for the head of the
DNC and it seemed to me from the few
things I saw that the vast majority of
them fit into the non-white Man
category uh how do the how do the
Democrats end up picking two white guys
to be the head when when identity is so
important and their entire enire part's
thrust is you know we're not the white
man
party uh separately in I think it was
Politico there was an article about uh
Democrat black women who are sort of
saying all right well we'll just move on
with their lives because we lost and I
say to myself how how could a Democrats
ever come back because if they if they
pick People based on I assume they
thought these were the most um capable
people and well uh hog is an interesting
case because he's more like the
future so if if they say he's not quite
ready but we can you know we can nurture
him and turn him into a candidate later
that's actually a good play so I'm I I
wouldn't give them a hard time for
having somebody who's a you know a Neo
fight it's a good starting place I think
I think he's his activism has earned him
you know a spot at the
Shell but he's the he's seriously
anti-gun they're both white as you could
possibly be in male so unless one of
them is gay and I don't know
it doesn't that make an internal um
Civil War how in the world do Democrats
get okay with that and then what are
they going to do when they pick a
candidate are they going to pick a white
guy candidate because I think the
Democrats thought that kamla lost
because of racism and
sexism that that's what basically
everybody running for the job
thought so is it possible that the
Democrats are so
dumb that they think that the only thing
they need to do to win is to run a white
guy next time is that going to
happen I I would love to see them make
that mistake no that's not the right way
to
go that's definitely not the right way
to go for them but they don't they don't
have a right way to go there is actually
no solution given their current setup if
if they go capability then they violate
their Dei principles if they go Dei
they'll lose again that's the only two
paths Pro Dei you lose
anti-di you lose two losing
paths so yeah no hope well this is the
biggest surprise ever according to
interesting engineering and uh suja Cina
says that China is blaming us hackers
for the um the hacking attack on deep
seek so deep seek is that allegedly
super cheap AI that came out of China
and as soon as practically as soon as it
made the news it got attacked by a
denial of service very persistent attack
that I think is still doing its thing
and China says every one of the every
one of the attacks is coming from the
United States do you think that's
true I don't know I mean it's not the
sort of thing that country is
necessarily tell you the truth about and
I always thought that if you're a good
hacker you could somehow disguise the
source is that not true there there's no
such thing as hackers who are good
enough to do something like
this um don't they have a way to
disguise their origin like how could you
even be a hacker if everybody can tell
where it came
from I don't
know
um all right I got to look at this
comment
H mentions of all right I think I won't
mention
that Mike
BT but
noted noted
anyway so yeah my first my first
impression was it's American companies
or the government going after that deep
seek so the latest uh the latest guess
is that deep seek probably cost well
over a billion dollars not $6 million to
make so that was always BS the Gateway
pundit reporting that doj is opening an
investigation into Chuck Schumer for
threatening the Supreme Court of
justices and I didn't even remember that
um I mean I remembered it when I was
reminded of it but it didn't didn't seem
important to me at the time but maybe it
is so here's what uh Schumer said in
public at a pro-abortion rally in 2020
he said that the two
justices um that that he didn't like
their decisions he said they would quote
pay the price for overturning Rover Wade
and uh so that's before they actually
did it he was warning them and then he
Saidi want to tell you Gorsuch I want to
tell you Kavanaugh you have released the
Whirlwind and you will pay the price
Schumer said you won't know what hit you
if you go forward with these awful
decisions now how do you interpret
that is is anybody
aware of any case where Supreme Court
Justices were
somehow legally or politically
attacked like what what exactly would
happen to the justices that they know
when they take the job that half the
country is going to hate every one of
their decisions so if Schumer just going
to say we're going to hate this decision
would that have any impact on the
Supreme Court what exactly did Schumer
think he could do to these specific
justices now if you're asking me if it's
inappropriate oh my God yes that's
pretty
inappropriate but is it
illegal is it illegal or are they only
looking at it in terms of maybe
impeaching Schumer for you know bad
judgment I don't know so it seems like
here's where I am at this um Trump says
a lot of hyperbolic
things do we take every one of those as
a literal
we don't do we we don't take it as
literal we just know when he's
threatening and that sort of thing now I
think the way Schumer played it by
naming names
that's that's pretty scary and it does
seem like it would have the effect of
biasing the court because they might
want to stay alive or you know not be
attacked in some way that they don't see
coming so yeah I think it was definitely
worth investigating
but I'm not sure that I'd want him to go
to jail if there's any kind of law he
broke because that would be that's going
to feel law
fairish if they investigate him and
rebuke him or you know give him some
kind of centure in the in the senate or
they even do an impeachment I would say
yeah that seems that seems about right
but I wouldn't you know if it turns out
there's a law that's technically
broken I don't know that would be a
tough one as much as I want to say
nobody's Above the Law if we're going to
say that uh nobody would have been taken
to all these lawfare situations except
Trump which is
true you maybe there's an equivalent one
on the other side so here's the reason I
bring this
up um I feel some responsibility as a
citizen to make sure that uh The Winning
Side
stays within bounds now sometimes I like
to let them color Outside the Lines not
let them they're just going to do it so
sometimes you don't mind if they color
Outside the Lines if they're getting
something done so I don't mind
whatsoever if Trump you know stretches
the power of the executive say well you
know you think I can't do it but I'm
going to try it anyway we'll see if I
get away with it I don't mind that at
all because those are transparently for
the benefit of the country what else
would they
be it's not transparently for his
benefit he's not even running for office
again so if he's doing something that's
obviously and
transparently for my benefit yeah you
can call her a little bit outside the
lines but when it comes to putting other
people in jail if it comes to that
that's where all of us have to be
responsible Citizens First and political
second now we wish that the Democrats
had done the same they
didn't but I feel like we could hold
ourselves to a higher standard so this
one I'm going to keep my eye on it if if
it if it's not
a uh a prison risk then I'd be okay with
wherever it goes but if you're really
talking about putting Schumer in prison
well then I'm going to ask some more
questions and I think that that's
appropriate you know in the end I might
say you know what this was so bad that's
why the law exists if there is a law so
I could be I could be
convinced but I think the the most
responsible position is you're going to
have to prove this one you can have to
prove this and I'm not I'm not satisfied
yet if it's going to be anything
legal so don't be like them is what I'm
saying um so there's an article in the
guardian in which the title is female
narcissism is often
misdiagnosed now
I don't care about that
topic it's true I'm sure female
narcissism is
underdiagnosed but uh what was
interesting is the propaganda in it so
as they're talking about just narcissism
in
general here's a s here's a sentence in
the Guardians article so this is in case
you think the guardian is a
responsible
publication they're not this actual
sentence is is in that story quote from
Charles Manson and Ted Bundy to Joseph
Stalin Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump
most famous people we consider
Psychopathic or narcissistic are
male wait a minute let me read that
sentence again Charles Manson Ted Bundy
Joseph Stalin Adolf Hitler Donald
Trump oh come
on they just dropped that in there
like that's some kind of a like a
fact that Trump should be in the same
list with serial killers Stalin and
Hiller come
on that is so
repulsive that they just drop that in
there and and the thing is it's not even
a political story and they just drop
that in there like you're going to
accept it like a fact uhhuh yeah Lenin
uh-huh yeah makes sense Stalin not Lenin
but Stalin Hitler Trump yeah same same
list I can see why that would be the
same you you you you
people at the Garden you're just
 that there's an editor Who let that
in so it would be one thing if a writer
wrote it and a snuck in but there was an
editor who looked at it whoever that
editor editor was you suck you are a
damaging piece of for doing that
that that is Unforgivable
both strong they're both
negotiators I think they have a real
respect for each other but they don't
have all the same objectives maybe so
it's a real interesting Dynamic just
because they're so smart and so good at
what they do you know persuasion wise
and politically that uh you put the two
of them in a room
and I I kind of think something good
could come out of it most of the
time so here's what I think
the the big question and only Trump can
sell this is what do you do with Gaza
now that it's basically unlivable and
ruined but people want to go back anyway
they want to go back and live in the
ruin I guess uh because it would take a
long time to fix it and it seems like it
would be toxic and so Trump has teased
the
idea that the the residents might be put
in other countries and then Gaza uh just
gets basically bulldozed and turned into
something awesome but you know in its
own time so there' be no rush to
repatriate anybody because there
wouldn't be anything to repatriate them
too that's worth that's worth being
there um and so finding some other
countries to take them but as you know
no other country wants them because it's
just
trouble I think for purely political
reasons the pressure should be on
Iran now I don't think there's any
chance that Iran would take all the
gazin into
Iran but they should have to answer for
it if they're the ones who were behind
you know backing the the Badness that
got Gaza in this situation I think they
broke it they bought
it and even if you don't think that
would be a productive line of attack
like they'll just say no you broke it
you bought you bought it I think it
would at least change the
frame so the frame is Iran did this to
you and they're not willing to make good
on it so we're not going to correct
Iran's mistake or what Iran did to you
we we can maybe rebuild the area and in
some cases maybe some some people could
come back someday but I think only
Trump only Trump can say nobody's going
back to
Gaza and I don't think there's another
way to round it I don't think there's
another way in the real world I just
don't think there's a way to play it
where people just go back because they
would just recreate the tunnels recreate
the same situation October 7th would
come back um so there's no way that
Israel is going to say yeah let's just
move back the people who are really
really mad at
us it doesn't make any sense it would be
ridiculous and Trump knows that so
Trump's the only one who can say the
truth nobody's going
back I I think that's the part that they
have to finesse now now the question is
is there some way to say nobody's going
back but you do sort of a cat in the
roof where you don't say it all at once
so maybe you say things like well you
know it's going to take a long time to
get back because we have to assess the
toxins and then once we're assessed you
know the environmental problems once
they're OBS once we looked at it then
they have to be remediated that could
take a couple years so it could be that
the cats on the roof is uh we think you
can go back in five
years and then people are like oh five
years yeah five years and in the
meantime you can either resettle in Iran
if they want you or some other country
and uh you'll be at least happy in the
meantime and maybe you stay there
forever um so I think so that's what I
think I think they're going to cat on
the roof it you you're going to see the
signal that they're really saying
nobody's going back or at least nobody's
going back for 5 years uh I think that's
what's going to come out of it some
something that looks like a a time frame
meanwhile over in Ukraine Forbes is
writing about uh Ukraine has a new drone
bomber that can fly 1,200 miles with a
550lb bomb and then return so the big
thing is they don't have a lot of
reusable uh death
drones uh if you were going to do a long
dist
with a drone usually the Drone itself
was the weapon and it you just would
crash into something and explode but if
you could drop a 550 lb bomb 12200 miles
away and then fly back and do it again
well that's a pretty strong weapon
pretty strong
weapon so we'll see if that makes any
difference and they also have some kind
of robot that can shoot down drones with
you know with electrical um what do you
call it when somebody uh interferes with
the drones navigation with one of those
anti-drone devices what's that called
what what is the technology called is a
electromagnetic force
beam is there a word for it I'm just
looking in the
comments EMP I don't think it's an EMP
it's a Jammer yeah let's call it a
disruptor or a Jammer yeah EMP is would
certainly do it but these are not EMP
driven yeah these are not
EMP um I don't
think or or is there like a micro
EMP are the Jammers and the disruptors
basically an EMP but you know a micro
siiz not like a nuclear
weapon I know I'll try to get that lingo
down well according to the University of
Birmingham there's a uh freshwater algae
that could be the next
superfood uh I would like to do your
comments now before you write them I
ain't going to eat no algae you can't
take my beef
away uh you can't make me bugs your
world economic Forum I'll never eat bugs
I'm not going to eat your
algae I already have algae in my
swimming pool I don't need your extra
algae I'll just go lick the sides of my
swimming pool if I want algae stop
talking to me Scott stop talking shut up
nobody's going to eat algae it's going
to taste terrible don't make me even
think about it am I good did I did I
cover everything now I can tell you the
story this way you don't have to type it
at the same time I'm
talking um but it's called Uh chlorella
vulgaris I love the name of that it
doesn't that sound like a Disney movie
villainous
oh look out it's chlorella
vulgaris part of the vulgaris
family anyway so apparently it's a got a
lot of nutrients and protein which is
the hard part and it's not so much that
you would eat it it might be
incorporated with other Foods I don't
know what that means but if they can
make it tasteless but it has all the
nutrients then you can maybe mix it in
with some kinds of foods um um but what
I wondered is since it's a freshwater
algae could you grow it at home you know
I'm always trying to figure out how to
do a um indoor Farm especially one that
you could just have in your backyard
that would give you all you needed to
eat because if you think about it we now
have a way to be off the grid for
electricity uh off the grid for water
you can even take water out of the air
now and um you could have a septic tank
if you want to be off the grid for Waste
sort of Off the
Grid but you can't get off the grid for
food can you food's pretty hard to get
off the grid so if somebody finds a
protein
source that you could grow in a little
uh a little pool in your backyard you
know not the size of a swimming pool but
something smaller that would be kind of
interesting yeah now I can also Imagine
someday in the future that our food food
will be like the replicators on Star
Trek so I can imagine something like
this freshwater algae being used as the
printer
ink and uh mixed with different
seasonings so that you basically say
give me a hamburger it goes and it just
prints a hamburger and it's got like a
bun and a pickle on it and piece of
lettuce and everything and but but the
ink is is made by the algae
I don't want to eat no algae stop making
me eat bugs I'm not going to lick my
swimming pool I want beef why are you
stop stop it you world economic Forum
Jill all right I think we've covered
that and that ladies and gentlemen is
all I had to say this morning I'm going
to talk to the uh locals people
privately Emi versus
EMF is that what I should have said
Emi I thought Emi was a
company in the music
field boy in
green how do they make squid ink pasta I
have no
idea all right you could talk about
algae all
day well all right Emi is jamming okay
so Emi electromagnetic interference
there we go Emi was what I was looking
for what does Lindsey Graham
say um Lindsey Graham will vote to
confirm Tulsi RFK and cash good Lindsey
Graham if he would not if he would not
voted for those
three he'd have a tough
time yeah I don't want to sound like
Schumer
but who who whoever doesn't vote for RFK
Jr in
particular they're going to have a tough
tough road ahead because there are
people are going to make sure that
happens it's BMI is the Music Company oh
you're right all right I'm going to talk
privately to the locals people those of
you on X and YouTube and Rumble thanks
for joining I will see you same time
tomorrow locals I'm coming at you
privately
and
e
e
e e