there's a bit of Pampa boom ba-ba-boom
hey everybody come on in here
Genisys that's it why is it so slow
today is it because everybody's watching
the news of which there's a lot there's
a lot of news happening so you better
get on in here and catch up with it
find out what you should think about it
we have 1,000 viewers and that means
it's time for the simultaneous sip
afternoon version
I don't always give you an afternoon
coffee but you're lucky
grab your mug your cup your vessel your
stein and lift it to your lips so if you
haven't caught up with the news in the
last hour you've missed a lot it's
another busy news day so CNN is
reporting that somehow and the some hat
will be interesting they got emails from
Roger stone talking to Bannon from back
in the campaign in 2016 in which he was
saying something about WikiLeaks having
access to I guess Hillary's email or
stolen emails so CNN is talking about
that right now now before I get into the
rest of what I'm going to talk about I
want to want to tell you that what I'm
going to be talking about is the
persuasion view of what's happening
so I'm not going to stop too often to
say oh this is despicable or this is
immoral or this is unethical I will
trust you to know that stuff when you
see it okay so believe me when I say you
and I probably not that different on in
terms of ethics and morality but we're
going to talk about persuasion primarily
so here's the funny thing if you if you
look at the news a week before less than
a week before the midterms
you see CNN pounding to death this story
about Roger stones emails about the
campaign and something that now you tie
it if if if other information came in
could potentially sort of tie it to
Russia collusion the holy grail of CNN
is Russian collusion so now they have
this new story so number one they have
to talk about it because it's new and
it's about Muller and it's about an
interesting character Roger stone
interesting character Steve Bannon it
goes right to the narrative they've had
but it's a few days before the midterms
when you saw that story did you say to
yourself ah those clever Democrats they
saved their good stuff for the last week
damn it it's their October or November
surprise well I'm not so sure let's just
consider for a moment that apparently
polls have shown that the public the
public cares less about the Russia story
than just about anything else in the
world it's the thing that care least
about and CNN is being forced to talk
about it
a lot to use up all their shelf space
talking about it there could not be a
better story to drop for the president
right before the election because only
then only the press believe this
believes it matters what it looks like
to I think most people who either don't
care about it or are sick of it is oh my
god are you still trying to make all of
these dots connect when they haven't
connected before but it gets better the
the entire case for why there might be
something here depends on and I'm not
even making this up is that it sounds
like the funniest movie but I'm not
making this up their case depends on
Roger stone being a credible person
even Roger stone doesn't believe that he
bullshit's for a living so even the CNN
people several of them I was watching
the pundits I think Jeffrey Toobin said
it first that you can't really build a
case on the credibility of Roger stone
who is by profession a bullshitter he is
a person who exaggerated s'what he has
exaggerates his connections etc and I
believe he's already offered that
explanation so the fact that that's
their best shot their best anti-trump
story is the worst thing that could
possibly be presenting a few days before
the midterm is frickin hilarious but I'm
not done yet
the other thing that they're talking
about non-stop is the what they're
calling the racist ad this starts a
Republican ad that shows this cop killer
who was an illegal immigrant who should
have been deported I guess but he was a
cop killer and he ended up being a cop
killer and he wasn't wasn't even didn't
even have any remorse and he was saying
he wished he killed more cops etc it was
just horrible
and then they interviewed somebody else
in the crowd of the caravan saying that
he had committed some kind of crimes and
in his own country so the so it's being
compared to the old Willie Horton ads
that came out during the first Bush
campaign I guess and the Willie Horton
ad was definitely a racist ad because
what they did was they decided to
represent crime by one person who
happened to be black he fit the
narrative of being hating evil being
soft on crime so that the message fit
but you had to look at that ad and you
say to yourself of all the criminals in
the world you just had to pick a black
guy that's a little bit you know I mean
even I can hear the the racist dog
whistle in the will of the Willie Horton
ad but now fast forward to today we're
not talking about
domestic crime are we see this is a
problem with analogies analogies never
help Willie Horton was a domestic
criminal and picking the black guy to
represent crime is that's pretty sketchy
if not just our right racist behavior
but suppose the topic is immigration
we're talking about immigration coming
across our southern border that's the
topic it's not domestic crime now in the
case of immigration coming across our
border what was the type of person he
was supposed to show committing the
crime was he supposed to show the white
Mexican I mean that what was that what
was the alternative if you're gonna show
a visual and you of course you'll want
to be visual a visual very well let's
say you know graphic example of you know
crime coming across the border it's
gonna have to be a person and it's gonna
have to yeah and it's gonna have to be
somebody who came from the other side of
the border that's sort of the only
options you have there
so yeah CNN's building their case based
on an analogy that's a ridiculous
analogy because crime and immigration
are just different topics they have a
lot in common but not enough to make
that analogy be persuasive because
analogies are never a persuasive anyway
but more importantly you have two sides
talking about the same persuasion that
helps the Republicans more than it hurts
them that is every time they show that
ad and they show that guy it kind of
plays to the whole point of the ad which
is you know you should be afraid of
crime coming across the border so if
that's the message the Republicans are
trying to sell and if they are even
their critics talking about it is going
to deepen their message because people
are they're working on sort of a fear
level more than the
working on a thinking level just all
people now at the same time that the
anti-trump anti Republican side is
showing the worst possible things for
the benefit of their there side Trump is
highlighting getting tough on
immigration which if I understand my
polling is a wildly popular thing in
this country that most people agree with
being strong on immigration
so Trump has picked the best topic to go
into the midterm so the very best one
there could be no better topic than this
it's also super visual it's scary if he
if he gins it up enough it's scary III
think it's a legitimate criticism that
there's not an actual you know danger of
scale there but if you're looking at the
caravan as a one-time deal as inhaler a
thousand people you know or there are
only a few thousand left and they're a
thousand miles away and you know it's
not that big a deal
that might be true but that's not really
what the Republicans are worried about
they're worried about the sending the
trend if people can just walk into the
country let me let me show you another
frame on this I haven't heard this yet
the people coming across the border
illegally whether they're in the caravan
or just the the people were coming
across all the time they they create an
expense and we end up arguing about
whether they've created more benefit or
expense and we act like that's what's
important or then we act like you know
they're they're bigger issues than the
expense which is there always are but
here's the frame I haven't heard anybody
put on it which is who gets to decide
the laws of the United States do the
citizens of the United States get to
decide what our own laws are or do the
people south of the border because if we
don't do anything new to stop let's say
Caravan
one or caravan two that would follow it
if Caravan one was a big success if we
don't know anything to stop it
then the people who are not Americans
will effectively be creating our
immigration laws by their actions so the
de facto law of the United States would
be created by people who are not even
people in the United States they're
literally people trying to get to the
United States so forget about how much
it costs forget about even whether it
there are more benefits because we even
the people who were strong on
immigration I think everybody agrees
that immigrants add a lot and that you
wouldn't want to get rid of the
immigrant nation of the the immigrant
character of the nation is more positive
than negative by a lot so I think people
agree on that but what we haven't really
talked about is who gets to run the
country because if it's our Congress
doing it then there are at least our
elected representatives and you could
say the citizens of the United States
are running their own country they're
making their own decisions but if we let
the law become whatever it just drifts
into because people from another country
are bringing enough people and resources
and they're clever enough they're the
ones making our immigration law so no
matter what you think the law should be
you still have to ask yourself who gets
to make the law for the United States
now one of the interesting things
happening oh so just to put a cap on
that part of the discussion
so while CNN is focusing on the worst
weakest least important part of politics
yeah this Roger stone email stuff the
president has this visual super strong
emotional popular issue that you know
he's branded with and he's also doing
things he's doing bold things even if
you don't like him even if you don't
like him they are bold aggressive acts
to do something about a topic that
people care about and he's also talking
about a sentence
you if you saw his speech today so I was
very happy to hear him call out fentanyl
as you know a specific thing that that's
a top priority yes or leaders with me
now here are some of the other
interesting persuasion elements of this
CNN was covering the president's claim
and I think some other people have said
it that there might be middle eastern
folks filtered in with the caravan and
CNN says and the idea is that they might
be up to no good and trying to get into
be terrorists and and CNN says but he
says that with no evidence whatsoever
there's no evidence that Middle Eastern
people are sneaking in now if I've
taught you anything it's this if I tell
you if I tell you don't think about an
elephant you're going to think about an
elephant if I say to you stop
considering Middle East terrorists
coming in with the caravans because
there's no evidence we've seen that
would suggest there any there
have you checked well it's hard to check
it's very hard to check but there's no
evidence that Middle Eastern terrorists
are in the group but you don't really
know right no there's no evidence that
Middle Eastern terrorists are in the
group coming to the country to commit
terrorist acts all you hear is Middle
Eastern terrorists coming in in the
caravan it doesn't matter if it's true
in terms of the persuasion level again
you make your own decisions on the
ethics the morality we're not forgetting
that stuff it's all in the cost-benefit
analysis but on the persuasion level
every time they say he's wrong about
that they're adding to his persuasion
that's a thing he does a lot now here's
the most interesting thing if I if I may
say so the whole birth right question
and the president bringing up the idea
that he can do an executive order to end
the birthright meaning that the that's
the right where if if you're born on
this soil United States oil you're
automatically a resident and the problem
is that when it was made the point of it
was to help freed slaves make sure that
they had citizenship so that was
originally why it was formed but it has
been reinforced apparently by the courts
over the years redefined to mean anybody
so it's no longer limited to freed
slaves that has been updated so now it
means really anybody but when it was
updated nobody was really seeing that it
might become a massive problem because
people could game the system so the
environment that existed when the law
was made was a good law yeah in the old
environment of it being a rare thing it
was a excellent law in my opinion
because you don't really want you know
some poor baby who isn't in charge of
being born to be penalized for things
they have nothing to do with the baby
right so I just have to send the message
to Christina so you don't want the baby
penalized but the people made that law
didn't foresee that caravans might be
coming in etc or that people would be
trying to sneak in just to have a baby
and give them citizenship so here's my
question I'm no legal scholar and I'm no
constitutional scholar but let me ask
you this under the weird condition that
a law was or or a constitutional let's
say a constitutional right was redefined
so it's a constitutional right what do
you do in a situation where the
constitutional right they used to be a
good idea and everybody would agree has
become because the environment changed
there was something in this situation
that changed even though the law didn't
or the constitutional right what happens
when the situation changes to the point
where pretty much everyone thinks it's a
bad eye
now I'm not talking about a few people
think it's a bad idea in that case you
just keep things the way they are but
what if a strong majority thinks it's
the wrong idea and I think that's the
situation with the birthright thing I'll
bet you there is some other part of the
Constitution and again I don't know
anything about the Constitution right
I'm that I'm the dumbest guy in the
world when it comes to the Constitution
but I'll bet you there is something
about the Constitution they would say
you couldn't have a law that is so
oppressive and nobody wants in other
words you I don't think that you could
you could get away with keeping even
with the precedent even though the
precedent is very strong I think that
precedent could be eliminated because
the situation that created it doesn't
exist see what I'm saying so the the
first time it was amended it was because
it applied to slaves at first and then
they needed to clarify that means the
situation changed it was no longer just
about slaves time had gone by now
another situation has changed the number
of people coming in and gaming the
system so it feels to me like if you had
and here's the fun part an activist
court if you had an activist court they
can reinterpret the Constitution in a
way that society would like them to do
by a large majority but it would require
the the conservatives on the court to be
a less about the letter of law and it'll
probably end up there so what's going to
happen when the the judges who by
majority or the kind who just say if
it's in the Constitution that's the end
of the story you know we're strictly
gonna define it by what's in there and
then they see this situation where it is
unambiguously not what the country wants
and you couldn't make an argument that
the country is wrong right in some cases
you would want to keep the majority from
tyranny right if there's something
that's obviously bad in the
Geordi wants it you might need the the
system to stop them but what about the
case where even the court says you know
it's a pretty good case you can't let
people come in and game the system so
there's no just no benefit of this law
anymore though whatever the point of the
law is went away I'm gonna I'm gonna go
I'm gonna make a prediction well I will
not predict that a an executive order
will necessarily hold up I think Lindsey
Graham has some legislation on it that
might be the more appropriate way to go
about it but I'm going to bet that the
the the Constitution will not prevent a
change to that to that you know to the
birth right thing I believe that the
Congress will be able to change that and
that it will be what they'll be allowed
by the Supreme Court that's why my
prediction my prediction is that the
Constitution will not prevent it from
happening and by that I mean it will not
prevent the administration and/or
Congress from having a rule that stops
it all right
so I'm not sure if Congress would have
the votes so that would be interesting
yes somebody saying Dershowitz
and I do want to hear what Dershowitz
has to say about this oh did somebody
say Dershowitz disagrees I'm gonna go
out on a limb and I'm gonna say that you
have to be careful being so my rule as
you know just to tell you my rule my
rule is that if I disagree with anything
the alan dershowitz says i immediately
change my opinion to his because he's
smarter and especially on stuff like
this he's literally like the best person
on the planet and I'm I know nothing so
it wouldn't make sense for me to bet
against alan dershowitz of a
constitutional question and so just for
fun I'm gonna bet against Alan
Dershowitz on a constitutional question
it's all I'm Alan or it's on now I'm not
going to argue with you on the details
of the Constitution I'm just gonna say I
can't imagine the situation in which a
constitutional clause that nobody wants
can't be temporarily set aside until we
figure it out constitutionally which
would be an executive order so I'm gonna
bet against and get a bet against Alan
Dershowitz first time ever who is with
me
who is against me take your sides now
but by the way for all the people who
say I'm wrong you have a really good
point that you I think you've watched me
enough most of you to know that I'll
fight pretty hard to defend my opinion
against critics this isn't one of those
times this is not one of those times
oh if somebody is clarifying that the
the distinction might be between illegal
and and legal citizens so I should put
that in yeah but so in my opinion that I
think the country will close that
loophole
and the Constitution as it stands will
not stop it from happening and and I
think the Supreme Court will be okay
with it and and I think that the
reasoning will be something about out of
life liberty and happiness someday I'm
saying it'll it'll be something that
comes out of left field so it'll be some
other part of the Constitution that
somebody argues and tortures they're
gonna have to torture it a little bit
and let me give you an example if if
someone had said to you before Roe vs.
Wade that they would use privacy as the
reason for making abortion legal would
you have seen that comin before anybody
had mentioned that as a possible
argument yeah we just imagine you go
back in time and they're saying okay
they're gonna abortion they're gonna
argue about abortion in the Supreme
Court but they're gonna say the Supreme
Court is gonna rule it's it's legal
based on privacy and you heard that for
the first time would you say to yourself
yeah I get that it's a privacy thing I
don't think so they they had to reach
way over to some other area and pull
something out
now many people would argue they're glad
they did that that would be an activist
legal system and many people would be on
the other side so this this was the most
controversial one of all but when it
comes to this birthright immigration
thing I think it's like seventy five
percent want that to go away for people
who are not legally residents in that
case if a Supreme Court reached across
the Constitution to pull out some damn
thing like privacy which not in this
case but I think they could pull it off
I think they could pull it off and then
that gives you plenty of time if you
want to amend the Constitution later all
right
to be clear we're agreeing this will be
changed without thee
I'm saying that whatever change so
here's my prediction that whatever
change is made will survive a Supreme
Court challenge if and I haven't heard
that issue it's talk so I don't want to
say that I'm necessarily disagreeing
with them because I'd have to hear the
nuance and I can easily get that wrong
third hand but I think they're gonna
find a way to do it that's my prediction
I pull numbers out of my ass I'm so
irresponsible
well fact check me here so the beauty of
doing this live is that I can give
fact-checked in real time and I think I
believe your objection if I understand
that the critic who just said that I'm
pulling numbers out of my ass is that
when I say there's overwhelming
agreement that I believe it was polled
and I fact jackman right I believe there
was a recent poll that said on the
narrow question of whether people gaming
the system and coming over it illegally
just have a kid whether that rule should
be changed I thought it was something
like over 70% can somebody fact check me
on that I hear people saying I'm correct
and I haven't seen anybody say I'm not
correct but for whoever said I was just
pulling that in on my butt I wasn't
intentionally making up a number I
thought I had just seen it
yes I'm directionally accurate you were
you are so right oh I'm not disagreeing
with Dershowitz he just wants it to stay
yes that ruins everything though you
just ruined everything
I I thought Dershowitz was arguing that
it couldn't be overturned I want to hear
his argument on that so until he's
argued on that specific point I won't
know if I have a different different
opinion or not what about China is
stealing I haven't looked into that or
not
obviously I'd like to see less of that
now I think the thing that trumps doing
that smart with sending the troops is
that it's such a large show of force
that it will probably make things safer
you know there's there's a rule with
there's sort of a rule of thumb that the
larger the show of force the less
violence there's going to have because
who's going to start a fight with the
entire US Army right so it's just better
to say all right all right so being
understaffed would be the dangerous
thing the president and that was that
everybody else knows it and well what
was the quote from from general mattis I
forget the context I don't I think he
was talking about immigration but this
is a great general mattis quote he said
something like we're tired of admiring
the problem admiring the problem that is
just the best turn of phrase I don't
know if he made it up but talking about
admiring your product your problem
instead of going after it and solving it
is is just a wonderful framing all right
somebody says I don't care about the
numbers it's immoral well so I'll make
the same argument with the birthright as
I will with that I made with the other
immigration in general if we do nothing
if we don't change our laws the law will
be effectively modified by people from
another country they will effectively be
rewriting our laws to make their their
gaming of the system legal and and so
well demonstrated over time that the
precedents of of just life makes it a
law so should we be a country that our
sources are lawmaking to random people
coming across the border and gaming our
system because that's essentially what
would happen or should we be the ones
who control our decisions through
elected officials all right that's all I
got for now I will talk to you later
there will be so much more news tomorrow