pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom hey good morning come on in what a
great day
yeah today's a great day I feel as if
sometime in the next week maybe two
weeks there's gonna be some really good
news
like really good news I can feel it
coming sometime in the next two weeks Oh
we'll have plenty of bad news I feel
like there's something big coming
maybe something medical maybe something
better
we'll see but while we're waiting for
that we could enjoy the simultaneous
sipping all you need is a cup or a mug
or a glass a tankard cello sir Stein a
canteen juggler flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine the
other day the thing that makes
everything including the coronavirus
better it's called the simultaneous it
but it happens now go yeah so I have a
entertainment recommendation for you now
this entertainment recommendation comes
with a caveat that if I had not told you
it's good you wouldn't be able to tell
by looking at the advertisements for it
alright there's a TV show on FX it's new
I think it's several episodes they've
already got the camp and it's called
what we do with the shadows what we do
in the shadows on FX and the setup
there's as three vampires who have been
living together for a hundred years and
Staten Island and they're sort of lazy
vampires and they have a they have a
human who's a they call a familiar and
it is the funniest freak
thing that you've seen in a long time
now they used the technique that the the
show the office used where they where
they act like they're in real life but
they'll occasionally turn to the camera
sort of like modern family did so it's
like a half documentary ish fake
documentary of people living their real
life so it's like a fake reality show if
you will but man isn't clever now I'm
just gonna tell you I don't want to ruin
it for you but I'm just gonna tell you
one concept from the show all right so
it's three vampires living in Staten
Island and then one familiar which is
the or maybe more familiars there are
the humans who take care of them and
then there's one who's a special kind of
vampire he's an energy vampire and he
looks like Dilbert and he just works in
a cubicle and the only does is he goes
from cubicle to cubicle
he makes conversation and he feeds off
your energy while he drains of that
Effie and here's I'll just gonna tell
you this one thing
that is all you need to know about how
clever this is the actual vampires who
suck blood the only thing that they're
afraid of is this guy all right that's
it that's all you need to know about how
clever this show knows that the vampires
are afraid of the of the guy from the
cubicle who will suck their energy out
of them and in one episode again I don't
want to give away too much I just I just
need you to know how clever this is the
real vampires get to there they're
virgins that they're good and drink
their blood
they've captured some human virgins and
they find their human virgins by having
their familiar joined live-action
role-playing groups where he where he
recruits all the Virgin's with for the
vampires to to suck their blood because
I guess virgin blood is extra good I
hear I mean that's what I hear but in
one episode the real vampires get to the
virgins too late because the the energy
the energy vampire has already sucked
all their life force out
and they're like oh no no good no
nutritional value it's it is so good you
have to watch it anyway if all you saw
was the commercial for it the commercial
doesn't sell it at all
you know usually the the trailer for a
movie is sometimes better than the movie
itself but but this is very much the
reverse you would have no idea how good
this is just by watching the commercials
for it all right there is still a big
mystery for me and why we're not hearing
more about this Michael Moore backed
documentary planet of the humans because
it pretty much debunks the green energy
whole field how is that not a gigantic
story that's the only thing we can talk
about today
I mean besides coronavirus it would be
the second biggest story but how is that
not getting more attention is there
something going on here that I don't
understand somebody pointed out that
even Fox News is not hammering on this
as much as one would expect you would
expect that they would be talking about
this non-stop but and I know it's been
mentioned I'm pretty sure it's been
mentioned I think it was mentioned by on
the 5 probably at least but whether or
not it's been mentioned wouldn't you
expect and it's been mentioned the
website of course Fox News website but
shouldn't this be like the main story I
feel like there's just something missing
in all of this I don't know what it is
one thing missing was of course talk
about nuclear power that this of course
brings up that question but there's just
something going on and I don't quite
understand it yet about how we're
dealing with this story it could be that
people who just can't wrap their heads
around it it could be that it's so mind
destabilizing to think that Michael
Moore may have killed the green new deal
because he did he killed the green new
deal it might be the G people just can't
wrap their heads around it and so we
just talked about the
things that are easier to talk about I
don't know what something's going on I
hear that in phase one of the reopening
plan that the government has put
together that apparently there were some
you know friends and lobbyists and stuff
who got included in the first phase that
gyms could reopen so gyms would be in
the first phase of reopening if certain
requirements were met by States now this
raises a question because one of only
one of two things can be true so you
decide which of these things are true I
would like to warn you that if you have
children who are already awake probably
not but they should not listen to this
next part there might be a curse word
coming up I think only one today so if
you want to get past this one you
probably okay after that but there are
certain topics that can only be
expressed with an obscene word and it's
coming up so there are two possibilities
with the food to explain why gyms are
included in phase one number one
everything we've ever been told about
how Coronas virus spreads is wrong
because that would make sense right
because a gym is really a place where
people go to breathe hard and expel
water droplets in a variety of ways so
if you were to design a place that would
have the maximum spread of coronavirus
you'd say well I don't know let's put
people in close proximity will make them
sweaty you know we'll get them nice and
moist on their hands and stuff and then
we'll have them exercise hard breathing
hard and stand close together use the
same circulation system and make sure
they touch a lot of the same things you
know all the equipment and stuff so
that's what we'll do we'll build a
system that maximizes the spread
wouldn't it look like a gym so
here's my swear word coming up there are
only two possibilities for explaining
why gyms are in phase one number one
everything we've been told about the
coronavirus is a lie that's one
possibility or number two we have
achieved new levels of dumb
because if there's anything dumber than
 open a gym during a pandemic I
haven't heard it can you top it can you
top that for dumb or or
everything we've been told is just a lie
that it doesn't doesn't travel through
the air doesn't you can't pick it up by
touching things that infected people
have have touched
I mean maybe why is somebody delivering
something right now okay so creepy old
guys stay home okay
I'm reading a comment I don't know what
that was related to now IME a avid gym
goer for over 30 years I've been going
to the same gym I love the gym and and
mine was like a full health club so it
wasn't just gym equipment there's snack
bars and you know babysitters and
classes and stuff so there I don't think
there's anybody in the country who wants
gyms to open more than I do
because it's really the only other place
I go you know 50% of all of my outside
the home exposure is my gym so nobody
wants those gyms open more than I do
I mean I really want the gym open but I
don't understand what's happening you
know my my love of gyms is not
independent from my love of
understanding what's going on either
this is the worst idea in the world to
have them in phase 1 or everything we've
been told is a lie pick one
that said if you know I also believe in
freedom and I also think we've probably
reached the point where the country is
willing to take the hundreds of
thousands of deaths in order to get open
and why don't I just say it out loud
because I feel like people are just
hesitant to say it because we don't want
to be bad people so let me say it out
loud and and I'll start it by sitting by
a special special message for the dumb
people so for the dumb people who are
listening to this next part I would be
sad if somebody I knew died of the
corona virus just so you know that
because otherwise you're going to ask
that question as soon as I say the next
thing the next thing is I don't see any
possibility that there's any way to get
to the other end of this without killing
a few hundred thousand Americans just
Americans forget about how many people
would die in the rest of the world but
just Americans I don't see any way to
get there everything that I see has
pretty big drawbacks won't work etc so
I'm ok with opening the gyms as long as
we're honest about it if we're honest
about it
opening the gyms sort of is the opposite
of our strategy of social distancing
right yeah and if we're gonna if we're
gonna open the gyms just say I'm
sorry if we're gonna open the gyms just
open everything you with the exception
of maybe you know large sporting events
or you know maybe you know clubs and
bars might be special but if you're
going to open the gyms certainly open
the restaurants certainly open business
certainly open everything else and let's
just let's just take the take the price
and a couple of the 3,000 people are
gonna die I don't see a way around that
and if there's no way around it it is
not an adult decision to put it off if
you can't get around it and and delaying
doesn't seem to be kicking up any kind
of a solution so far there's a whole
bunch of cool things that are on the
horizon but they're still on the horizon
I don't see them you know running to the
rescue so every day there's a new story
of a vaccine that's done earlier than we
thought and they're testing it and the
thing they tried that worked or didn't
work but we don't have anything that
looks like a solution we have nothing in
the correct me if I'm wrong I don't
believe we have anything in the pipeline
they're reasonably would allow us to
open up the economy and also avoid a few
hundred thousand deaths right I don't
see anything that would do that because
even if we're really good at testing it
just means we know who got it I mean
it's not really gonna stop it from
ripping through the population so let's
be honest about it it's gonna be a
hundred three hundred thousand Americans
are gonna die and for the dumb people
watching this yes I would be sad if it
were a family member yeah in case you're
wondering about that yeah I would be sad
if a family member died you hypothetical
dumb people all right there's a story
about dr. Rick bright and because the
the simulation loves us and wants to
entertain us this doctors last name is
bright his first name is Rick which is
of course short for Richard what's the
other nickname that people named Richard
have sometimes they're called a Rick
sometimes they're called rich sometimes
Richard sometimes dick so dick bright he
he issued a statement saying that
talking about how he was removed from
this position as director of the
biomedical Advanced Research and
Development Authority and the HHS deputy
was
okay it's all too boring what his job
title was but he says that he was
removed because he kept saying that
hydroxychloroquine should not be
promoted because it was not had not gone
through the proper testing for
effectiveness more than safety I would
think and he was demoted or basically
moved to another part of the government
where it would be less trouble and this
story was presented as though he was
sort of a whistleblower they didn't use
that word but there was a presenter that
way he's sort of a brave whistleblower
who's complaining about how his expert
advice was not being taken seriously and
he was demoted for it but I read his
story I mean I only read his side of the
story without even seeing the other side
of the story which is even worse just
reading his side of the story I
concluded I would have fired him I mean
I wouldn't have av I don't even know if
I would have reassigned him I think I
would have just fired him because
everything about this guy looked like he
was quite a quite a Richard if you know
what I mean and he looked like he would
be impossible to work with and he seemed
to think that it was his decision about
risk management where I remind the world
that risk management is the boss's job
risk management is not the experts job
the expert is to inform the boss of the
risks if you do this or that their
information they are not in the risk
management business directly it's the
boss the boss in this case being Trump
and if Trump decided that everything he
had seen made a good risk management
decision to let's say promote the
hydroxychloroquine presumably in
combination with is this a thermos and
NSYNC because that's when the least
anecdotally that's what it looks Eames
like it works if the president made a
risk management decision it's his to
make
it might be right it might be wrong but
it's only the president's to make after
he has gotten the input and you have to
fire people who don't understand that
certainly if you were in the military
you would be demoted or fired or
reassigned right away if if you told the
if he told you boss your opinion and you
fully expressed it and you know he heard
it and then he makes a decision that's
not the one way you would have gone so
so that's how it works
the president is including other
considerations which maybe mr. Richard
bright dr. Richard Wright did not have
as his priorities all right I'm loving
the story about the president tweeting
his orders I don't even know if he told
the military or he just tweeted it I
assume he told the military to but he
could have just tweeted it that the
military has permission basically to
blow up the Iranian gunboats that are
hassling them now I'm so interested to
know how this plays out number one does
that really mean that our US Navy is
going to just blow up those ships if
they get near probably not right because
if you're the captain of the ship you're
you're probably going to be pretty
flexible and you're not going to blow up
an Iranian boat because it's killing
people I mean you don't kill people just
to make a point you know you need a
better reason
so will the Iranians just sort of back
up a little bit and say we're not
touching you we're not touching you
we're just in the area and and try to
try to game the system and find out
where the where the limit is or will
they just say I think we'd better stop
doing this because they haven't blasted
one yet right
somebody says Trump is a con man
all right I'm gonna I'm gonna block you
for coming into here and saying Trump is
a con man it's not because I disagree
with you
or because I agree with you
completely irrelevant it's just that you
didn't pass the Turing test so to be a
guest and to come in here you have to at
least pass the test that it doesn't look
like a laundry list of common phrases
have been message now in order you
should show some kind of human thought
possibly connected to the topic but if
you just say Warren is making bad you
haven't passed the Turing test because I
could write a program very easily like
yeah I could use a the basic language
you know print quotes orange man bad so
a computer can do what you're doing you
can say Trump is a con man but why would
I do it what would be the point of it so
you will be sent into the I lost you
damn it this is this interface lost you
but anyway if I see you again I will
block you for that you have to show some
signs of being a human being that's like
a minimum if I don't if I can't even
tell if you're human by your comment
maybe I would like less exposure to you
Nancy Pelosi was speculating on a public
interview that Putin must have some
blackmail material on Trump because it's
the only thing that explains it now
shouldn't she be removed from office for
that I would say that if the Speaker of
the House speculates publicly without
any evidence no evidence and she doesn't
even claim she has me that the President
of the United States is actually being
controlled by a foreign government
shouldn't he be removed from office
immediately for speculating that now she
had evidence if she had evidence of
course we want to we want to know like
if Nancy Pelosi had some evidence that
Trump was being blackmailed by
yeah we want to know but if she doesn't
have evidence she should be immediately
removed from office for saying something
so insanely dangerous during a crisis
immediately she yes sir what is the
process for that is there is there some
process for removing a Speaker of the
House from office but that should be
started all right
Fox News is reporting that in 2012 it
was first reported in 2012 so this is a
story that's sort of been around for a
while that Joe Biden was Osama bin
Laden's preference for president so
apparently the reporting is that we have
some intelligence that bin Laden was
trying to get somebody else in al-qaeda
to assassinate President Obama when he
was flying over to the Middle East I
guess and also Petraeus and that bin
Laden his reasoning was that he really
wanted Biden to become the president
because Biden is quote totally
unprepared for that post which will lead
the u.s. into a crisis so I don't know
if any of this is real do you somebody
says bitcoin is surging really let's see
what bitcoin is doing it's so in it's
surging so much oh it's surging 6% okay
all right so I have to tell you I made a
investment decision several months ago
based on an 11-year old
so an 11 year old was telling me about
snapchat and when I saw the new feature
that they'd added snap maps where you
can see all your friends and chat with
him and stuff and then you listen to an
11 year old and they'll tell you it's
the only app that you
I mean they used tick-tock and stuff but
for communicating it's basically it's
basically snapchat so I bought a stock
and snapchat and they went up 32 percent
yesterday so they're doing something
right so I got lucky on that one I don't
tell you the ones worth it if I don't if
I only tell you a stock that did well
don't assume that's my only stock I
bought because you know buying
individual stocks is a fool's game and
you should only do it for I don't
entertainment or if you have some
special knowledge about a company but
generally it's a bad idea I just got
lucky on that one because I took advice
from eleven eleven year olds literally I
literally took that advice from an
eleven year old so the story about Obama
wanting Biden to be President who knows
how true that is but it's a funny story
so I woke up in the sort of a
competitive mode this morning because
you know we're all having this Groundhog
Day feeling it feels like every day you
wake up and it's just more stories about
this or that therapeutic works or
doesn't work this or that state is doing
better at this of that comparing
something that shouldn't be compared and
so it's making me a little crazy about
how bad we are
as a society and making decisions and
the decisions that we make most of the
time are not going to end civilization
if you get them wrong most of them but
the decisions we make this year with the
coronavirus could actually you know
Edmunds civilization on earth I suppose
if you did the worst case scenario so we
got really really big stakes and if we
don't think about them correctly we're
in trouble and it's almost to the point
where I'm not even sure you can call
this a virus crisis anymore it sort of
started as a virus that's not the part
of the physical world that is the
trigger for at all and of course the
virus is killing people so that matters
a lot what it feels like the problem has
morphed
into a thinking problem and a decision
making problem because if we made the
right decisions the problem we would
have would be much less than if we make
the wrong decisions and so let me make
this case would you say that getting hit
by a car is your biggest problem today
like as a pedestrian would you say
that's your biggest problem and the
answer is no no you wouldn't say that's
a bigger problem and the reason is
because you know not to make the
decision to walk in front of a car so if
your decision-making is good I think I
will not walk in front of a speeding car
then you don't have to worry about the
physical part because the physical part
didn't change it's still a car still
speeding down the road but you made the
proper decision I think I will not walk
in front of that car okay and so it is
with the coronavirus except that the
right decision is a little less obvious
then I'm walking in front of a car there
is a right play we just don't know what
it is and if we're not good at a
thinking we're not going to find it so
it feels to be like that the coronavirus
is a little bit like the speeding car in
a terrible analogy way I know there are
lots of differences right but the point
is if you think about either one of them
right you get a much better result than
if you think about it wrong and when I
wrote my book looser think which was
tips on how to think better on the
Internet
basically I didn't realize how timely it
would be because looser think could
actually destroys civilization and a lot
of has to do with making bad comparisons
and let me tell you a few of them that
are happening today so there's a writer
named Alex Berenson who's getting a lot
of attention because he's he's being
somewhat of a contrarian
about the press about coronavirus and
his position seems to be that the that
is an overstated
problem and that may be the hysteria is
the bigger problem than the virus maybe
we should go back to work that sort of
vibe so he's ugly on the maybe it's
overstated to get back to work side of
things but the real problem is not the
virus in his case the real problem is
how he thinks about it
and then people who don't know the
difference think he's thinking about it
right and so they agree with him here's
what he said today after hai had tweeted
tongue-in-cheek that it would be another
day of comparing the wrong things and he
tweets a New York Times story and he
says they'd be more credible if they
mentioned that only New York City and
maybe New Orleans and Detroit have had
serious problems
now his point is that the New York Times
should carve out and I would agree with
this point that whatever's happening in
New York City and the other hotspots is
entirely different from what's happening
in the rest of the country and then I
say so so what do you do with that now I
think what Alex Berenson is suggesting
we would do and I hope that I'm getting
this right is that you would suggest
that the places that are not like those
hotspots are probably ripe to be
reopened
soonish because there's something
different about them well one of the
things that's different about them is
that their earlier in the cycle so he's
making the mistake of comparing what
they are now with what they would be if
you stopped mitigating as if those would
be similar the entire point of it is
that if you opened up now you would have
an outbreak of massive infections and it
would become more like New York City so
if he's comparing New York City in the
middle of a big you know what might be
their peak to Nebraska that hasn't
started getting it yet that's just a bad
comparison problem right so it's not
about the virus it's about how you think
about it
so the thinking is broken let me give
some of them examples you will you'll
see in the news today as you've seen let
yesterday and last week the people will
tell you that there's a study about
hydroxychloroquine the shows that it
doesn't work but of course when you
drill down you'll find out that it's the
wrong comparison because they gave the
hydroxychloroquine without the user
thermos and n' and zinc the zinc being
the secret ingredient that that you need
in there so they would they would test
it without that and they would give it
to people who were already ready for a
ventilator when basically it's too late
so all of the studies are going to be
comparing the wrong thing to the wrong
thing they always have it looks like
they always will be it looks like all of
our news will be the wrong things being
compared how about comparing the United
States to Sweden and then making a
decision based on Sweden doing it
differently and they seem like they're
not going down the tubes so why don't we
do that
well how about because the United States
and Sweden have too many differences and
how about we don't really even know how
many people are infected we don't know
if the testing is just as good we don't
know if Sweden will have a good result
in the long run we don't know anything
about Sweden except that it's so
different of course we expect that they
would be having a different experience
but what does that tell us about us how
did you go to your summer cabin what you
didn't go to your summer cabin well if
you'd lived in Sweden about half of them
have a summer cabin so is it easier to
socially isolate when half of your
public has a summer cabin and also
apparently half of the public I'm not
sure if this is true but I read it
half the public in Sweden is living
alone and they don't have the same kind
of density we have so you'll see more of
those comparisons
how about how about everybody saying
that if we have some temporary tracking
of people and some temporary
restrictions now going to parks and
stuff that we're clearly slipping into
Nazi Germany you're gonna hear a lot of
that today to which I say you know
coughing into your elbow is obviously a
slippery slope to the Holocaust right
because coughing into your elbow is just
giving in to the fascist demands of your
overlords because you want a coffin the
area you just want to go you don't want
to be told
you got a coffin here elbow because if
you start giving and on the little stuff
and it's like okay I'll coffin my elbow
that's not a big deal the next thing you
know they're gonna be tracking you and
then after that they round you up and
they murdered you it's it's obvious boop
boop boop ABC so if you're coughing in
your elbow that's your only two jumps
away from Nazi Germany you can hear a
lot of that today and yes I'm kidding if
anybody's coming in here late now let's
also compare Trump's diplomatic public
statements about President Xi to how you
and your friends would talk about
President Xi in private because if he
were in private and it was just you and
your friend you'd probably say something
like well that Chinese government is a
murderous regime and President Xi is a
terrible dictator and he's taken the
organs from dissidents and he's rounded
up wee girls and put them in prison
camps and he's killing Americans with
fentanyl that's what you'd say to your
friend yeah you'd say that quite
honestly to your friend privately but if
you're the President of the United
States and you're trying to avoid
economic meltdown you're trying to avoid
a nuclear confrontation how might you
talk about the person that you need to
negotiate with might you be polite
yes you might my you be respectful even
if you don't feel it on the inside yes
you might so let us not compare how the
president treats Putin in public or
President Xi in public or Kim jong-un in
public
let us not compare that now you were
talking privately to your friend about
these same topics bad comparison our
hospitals anywhere overwhelmed okay so
that's an example of loser think I won't
call you out but whoever said our
hospitals overwhelmed you know what's
wrong with that right you know you're
comparing places that are experiencing
you know the the peak with places that
are predicted that they would have a
peak if we had not already done
mitigation so when do you say to
yourself here's a little Oh God I I
don't want to insult my audience but I
kind of have to because there's so many
of you have the same feeling I'm going
to insult you for utility okay I
wouldn't do it just to be mean you know
I wouldn't do it just because I'm in a
bad mood
I'm going to insult you some of you not
healthy I'm getting in Seoul some of you
so it'll hurt a little bit more when you
say things that don't make sense I'm
going to add a little pain to it
if you've ever said in the last week
hey hospitals and parts of the country
are not busy you're being stupid
okay because you're comparing a full
mitigation scenario where obviously we
can't predict exactly the week that
something would be overloaded we just
know there was a risk and so people over
prepared if you don't understand that
being over-prepared doesn't mean you did
it wrong do you not understand that that
being over-prepared
probably means you erred in the correct
direction because we didn't have the
option of hitting the nail on the head
from a thousand yards away with a BB if
we could hit the nail on the head from a
thousand yards away with a BB every one
of our hospitals would be have just the
right amount of capacity just right
they'd be operating 75% capacity 25%
left over just in case
man those hospitals would be nailing it
if if you could shoot a BB a thousand
yards and hit the top of a nail if you
could do that then it would make sense
to wonder why the hospitals are so empty
but if you're wondering why the hospital
is empty and you think that that means
that the flu is not so bad the virus is
not so bad that's stupid it's
 stupid don't ever say that in
public if you don't wanna the people
here at to think oh my god why is he
comparing the hospitals who couldn't
possibly know what was going to happen
why is he angry that they over prepared
now wouldn't it be better if they
prepared exactly the right amount yeah
it would it would be better how could
they know that how could they possibly
know that they couldn't so they over
prepared should they maybe look to
correct a little bit oh I would think so
and I think some are I think some of the
hospitals are are saying hey we
overcorrect it maybe we should do some
more elective surgeries at least until
things look worse
maybe the mitigation is working better
than we thought but man if you're
comparing those empty hospitals to as if
you're saying that the empty hospitals
tell us that's the reason that it's okay
to open up the country you're not
understanding anything you really are
not understanding anything right so
sorry I didn't mean to be mean
but somebody has to be mean to the
people who are looking at the empty
hospitals and declaring that their four
is no worse than seasonal flu that is
such broken brain thinking that that
needs to be expunged from from the
conversation do you feel it is an
unsolicited unsolicited panic I don't
know if that means that could cause a
famine due to the supply lines
restricted well panic panic couldn't
cause problems yes
so let's shut the country down with bad
information if I ever talk to you about
the so you're this user is saying in the
comments so let's shut down the country
with bad information I actually wrote a
book two of them actually I mentioned
this there were when you start the
sentence with so at least on the
Internet
everything that comes after so is just
your own imagination it's not something
that ever happened so this user saying
so let's shut down the country down with
bad information did I suggest that did
it sound like I suggested let's use bad
information to shut the country is that
what you heard because he you need to
you need to check your thinking if you
thought that I was suggesting hey let's
use bad information and shut down the
country that's what you heard how about
we don't know what's gonna happen in the
future
so sometimes it's better to over prepare
that's why you should have heard and
nobody can be exactly right and knowing
how much to over prepare because the
models are not that accurate we don't
know how well mitigation work and maybe
you adjust it's probably time to adjust
but it cannot be said that it was a
mistake how about comparing the
president Trump's performance to that
other president that you imagine could
have been the president
who has the gift of ESP an unlike
President Trump who is a normal human
being who can't see the future
especially in the fog of war and a brand
new situation in which even the models
and the experts look like they're just
guessing
compare that and Trump's terrible
performance as a regular human being to
what we could have had for example we
could have had a Joe Biden we could have
had a Hillary Clinton and they have the
gift of hindsight meaning that if they
know what happened in the past they can
also know what will happen in the future
it's an amazing power and regular humans
don't have it but they could have made
all the right decisions and why can't we
have one of them why can't we have a
magic president or I mean really why did
we make such a big mistake and elect a
human president with the inability to
see the future the inability to make all
the right decisions when there's no data
that is reliable why can't we get the
president whose magic I mean every time
I look at our normal human president I'm
so disappointed in him not being magic
when it's obvious we could have had a
magic president who would know what to
do even when it's unknowable come on
give us a magic president all right well
I feel like I'm exhibit a of how this
lockdown is not good for our mental
health are you having the experience
where you'll have bouts of anger and the
anger doesn't seem to be necessarily
related to what's happening around you
you know you can certainly make the case
why you should be angry but you can
always make that case you can always be
angry you know being angry is sort of a
choice you know you you can decide how
you feel about stuff and that's really
up to you and you know there's a morning
like this where I I just open up Twitter
and I just fly into a rage because I
think I might die
because people are bad at comparing
things and I've always thought that you
know we're all gonna die right well I
mean I might be immortal in the sense
that I'll become a computer entity
someday in the cloud but my physical
body you know it's gonna die and one of
the things I think about is I don't want
to die in a dumb way you know imagine
one of the reasons I'm not a rock
climber is because what I think about if
I think about you know that dangerous
job of being a free free rock climber
with just your fingertips and you know
there's nothing holding you up there
what I think about is if I slipped and
it took let's say 10 seconds to reach
the ground to my death and now as I was
falling down I'd be thinking to myself
why was I so stupid I shouldn't have
been a free climber or I'm not good at
this and then I'm dead and the part I
worry about is not the dead part the
part I worried about is that 10 second
fall where I feel so disgusted at myself
for being so stupid to think it was a
good risk management to climb rocks when
I'm sort of not good at that right and
when I look at Twitter and I see the
quality of the thinking and I realized
that my life to some extent will depend
on the quality of other people's to the
thinking because collectively we have to
think right so that our leaders can make
the right decisions right because we
sort of have to support the decisions or
they don't they don't get implemented so
watching the United States not be able
to compare the simplest things is a it
makes me mad and what it makes me what
it makes me mad about somebody says that
you blocked me on Twitter well you
probably had it coming if you got
blocked on Twitter in the last few days
it's because you said something in
public which claimed to show your
superior knowledge of my opinion and it
was different from my own opinion that
I've estate
if you're stating my opinions for me
you're using Twitter wrong you should be
using Twitter to state your opinions and
then people can interact with you but if
you're stating other people's opinions
incorrectly and then you're using it to
insult them for what you imagined was
their opinion but wasn't well then
you're not using Twitter right although
you're using it in the most common way
somebody says you're in a rage because
your amygdala my amygdala is swollen
maybe so
update you thinking catch or avoid
coronavirus today I'm thinking that I
would prefer to catch it and get it over
with but that's not a logical choice
meaning that you know there's there's a
personality element to this so my my
personal risk management is that I don't
want to spend the next year worrying
about getting it and I don't think it's
been gonna be gone in a year because I
just feel like it's gonna be with us so
I don't want to spend a few quality
years of my life hiding in my house
worrying that I might die I am ready to
make the risk that I would die or be
deeply injured somehow in return for my
freedom and for the economy to be
working so I will make an attempt you
know I'll make all the smart attempts to
avoid you know getting too close to
people and stuff but I no longer often
worry about getting it I want to just do
the things that are smart and then clear
my mind of worrying about getting it and
rather put myself in the mindset of I
might get it I might not doesn't matter
somebody says you blocked me because of
my vaccines opinion yeah I would block
somebody from for a vaccine opinion that
sounds like something I would have done
if I blocked you for a vaccine opinion
it means
that I thought your opinion was
literally dangerous doesn't even know
you know I'm no a vaccine expert but if
you were making weird claims about Bill
Gates using vaccines to conquer the
world or something like that that I
blocked you yeah if you made any kind of
a vaccine conspiracy theory I blocked
you now I am I do have some sympathy or
empathy I I guess I agree with the
anti-vaxxers up to a point
so the anti-vaxxers who say hey we
haven't really tested all of these
vaccinations in combination we've only
tested them individually but we give
them in combination and we there might
be too much for the body to handle blah
blah especially if you give them to
children now I I don't know if that's
true I don't know that that's bad for
you but it certainly raises the question
if if the entire point of medical
testing is that you want to test things
because you don't know you don't know
you know if you don't know it's
dangerous that's why you test it but
we're giving massive combinations of
vaccines to kids and we've never tested
the combinations so we are doing with
vaccines the thing which every medical
expert would say you shouldn't do that
that should be noted right that's that's
just an objective statement that there's
a standard in science there's a reason
for the standard and it is flagrantly
being not done now it could be and I
think this is probably the argument that
there's no way to do it
because in order to test the combination
of vaccines wouldn't you have to not
vaccinate a certain number of children
because you'd have to test children
they're the ones who get the vaccines if
you test the adults you wouldn't really
know could be different so we have a
situation to where we probably can't
ethically test but we also can't know if
it's a
without it so smart people we hope
they're smart have said you know we got
these two unknowns we've got these
vaccines and combination we think we'd
maybe see a problem you know we think it
would be obvious if a problem pops up
maybe we can dig into it and see if see
if we can know more about it but we
think that overall it's sort of a you
know best professional gas then you're
better off doing this even if it does
cause some problems you're better off
doing it and we can't test it we wish we
could but we think this is the best risk
management reward okay I can see I can
see why we got in this situation no
vaccine has been double-blind tested no
vaccine has been double-blind tested I
think I think I've heard that claim
before but we can tell that we don't
have measles right what we can't tell is
if there might be some new kind of
health problem that got introduced from
vaccines and we thought it was from
something else
somebody says sorry that's
dunning-kruger effect what is you'd have
to be more specific vaccines are
liability free well shouldn't they be
you know there's a reason that
governments are liability free because
governments have to make decisions that
kill people but if they do it right
they're making decisions as save more
people than they kill so there's a
reason that governments can't be sued
for a lot of stuff and is that therefore
and the government's are sort of the
ones who are behind - vaccinations so it
does make sense to be that vaccinations
that vaccine companies could not be sued
or they have a special court that does
make sense because you otherwise it
would be any vaccines so if you have one
you need the other problem I you know
I'm going to throw out a concept that I
kept throwing out earlier
and I couldn't get anybody to agree with
it except on social media I've never
seen anybody in the government or on TV
arguing this and it goes like this why
are we opening by zip code is there a is
there any argument and or model or
experience that would tell us that
opening by by physical location is the
way to do it because wouldn't it make
more sense for everybody who has an
individual situation that's low risk to
open up no matter where they are I mean
is there a reason that the safest
situation in New York City can't open
today if it's the safest situation now
let's say the safest situation is a
let's say it's a store vendor who
already is recovered from coronavirus
I'll just give an example has been
tested for antibodies wears a mask and
it doesn't touch the food or whatever it
is is the reason that person can't open
up I mean there's no customers but
besides that so I just ask the question
it seems to me that we should open
everything right away to the people who
are in the safest situations and that we
could probably just discourage people
who are in a bad situation from going to
work half of them would go to work
anyway because they they just want to
take the risk whether they did the money
or whatever and the other half would
probably say yeah you know because I can
stay home a little bit longer I think I
will
I think I'll ride this out a little bit
longer just let everybody make their own
choice I think you would be surprised
how many people choose correctly
especially under the glare of public
opinion you know if you look at the
number of people who recycle the number
of people who wear their seat belt you
know even though it's you get a ticket
if you don't wear your seat belt I think
people mostly wear their seat belt for
safety I can't prove it but you know if
when you put on your seat belt is the
reason you're putting it on to a
take it that's not the reason I put my
seatbelt on so I think you could get
pretty darn good compliance maybe half
of the people at risk the other half
will take the chance some percentage of
them will get the coronavirus you know
we could probably flex our hospitals up
to handle that they would be overwhelmed
maybe but nobody has modeled that and in
the if they did the modeling wouldn't be
if they did that what the modeling
wouldn't be reliable yeah experts are
monitoring by country it all doesn't
make sense to me now we're hearing more
reports as of yesterday that young
people are getting strokes and young
people are having problems you know what
I'm starting to wonder about I'm
wondering if the reports about young
people dying from coronavirus are either
well I'm sure it's true first of all but
since it's so rare it makes me wonder if
it's foreign influence because if you
were if you were China or Russia and you
wanted to mess with the United States
what messages would you want to
reinforce well if I were Russia or China
and I want to mess with United States I
would say it's killing children too it's
killing young people too
the reason I would say that is it then
we won't open up the longer we believe
that it also kills young people and
frankly we just care more about young
people you know children it feels like
disinformation it's what it feels like
which is not to say that young people
are dying but they're probably dying as
such a small number that it would only
make sense for that to be a national
story if you're in the disinformation
not it's not disinformation but if
you're in the business of trying to ruin
the United States that would be the
story you'd push so I got my questions
what are the sources of that story and
New Jersey hasn't hit Plateau yet
most of you know Tony Heller who was a
famous for his skepticism about climate
change and he came after me yesterday I
ended up blocking him because he was
comparing things poorly and what was it
what was his argument no forgetting his
argument yeah he had a terrible
comparison and he got blocked for that
Elizabeth Warren's brother has died of
kovat did that really happen
well that still hasn't satisfied by
somebody in the comments and that I
don't know that that's true somebody
says the Asthma vulnerability was
debunked by Washington University School
of Medicine I would love to see that
link because I have a suspicion you
probably I think that's the reason you
told me that is that I expressed a
suspicion the asthma wasn't the problem
that people said it was and the reason
that I'm suspecting that and certainly
don't take your medical advice for me
that's your warning the reason I
suspected that is that the the way the
lungs were responding under coronavirus
was weird meaning that their oxidant
level could be down to like you know 50
or 60 and they could still be walking
around when they should be dead so
there's something about how it was
affecting the lungs there wasn't you
know the straightforward way you'd
imagine then it was also the rapport
that smokers were doing better not worse
which also makes me think okay whatever
this is has a very unique way it works
on the lungs and it could be that that
unique way it works just doesn't
interfere with asthma doesn't make it
worse so I was at least speculating that
we would have known for sure if asthma
was a was a death sentence if you got
coronavirus because we would have enough
data by now so the dog that wasn't
barking is after all these cases of
corona
virus I was seeing the list that always
had asthma and it would sometimes not
have asthma anymore so remember the the
list of things that would kill you would
be like you know overweight heart
problems high blood pressure diabetes
asthma and then suddenly I would notice
the list would just asthma wasn't on the
list anymore and smoking fell off the
list too if he noticed that remember in
the early days smoking was you know if
your smoker you're pretty much dead and
then apparently that's not the case
right we don't have confirmation on that
but there was the one study that said
that smokers actually did better than
non-smokers could be because the smoke
interferes with the ability of whatever
to get into whatever so it could be just
an oddity but and then today I was
seeing that almost everybody who is
dying in New York City
had some pretty serious health problems
and diabetes seems to be a big one so
diabetes is sort of moving up the charts
along with you know heart heart and
blood pressure problems so it's starting
to look like diabetes weight and
cardiovascular are the biggest risks
somebody says you have a blood oxygen
saturation of 60 Wow
I didn't know you could survive that in
normal situations
somebody says ten thousand deaths in the
u.s. are from nursing homes yeah so if
it turns out that smoking and asthma are
not actually the death sentences and we
thought I'm really gonna want to open up
the economy even more than I do all
right maybe the smoke going into the
lungs kills the virus I don't know I saw
a story the other day about a company
and I think I interpreted this correctly
but see if maybe somebody can confirm
this I thought it was a company that was
developing a fara UV light
that kills viruses that would actually
be like a ventilator that you would
stick into the lungs and then turn on
the light and the idea was that the UV
light literally shining in your lungs
might kill enough virus to give your
immune system you know a little bit of a
boost you know on itself I mean it
wouldn't boost your immune system it
would just let your immune system do
what it was
I don't know that vaping is good for you
something tells me fake vaping is a
whole different situation insulin
receptors if somebody says is the issue
all right so that's about all I have for
today I'm going to talk to you tonight
diabetes and high BMI you know I say
open up the country to everybody who who
is under sixty and doesn't have heart
problem or diabetes let's just go for it
I'm ready to just go for it
now of course you know maybe the hot
spots need to do something differently
but in my neighborhood my neighborhood
doesn't seem to have a problem and if it
if it became a problem I think I'd
probably still be okay with it because
those are the risks is it clear at this
point that all of our problems are from
huddling people indoors it does seem
like that's the big problem all right
I'll talk to you tonight you know where
to find me