[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adamson I'm
pretty sure you've never had a better
time but if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand here's all you need all
you need is a CPP marker a glass a
tankered CH ory and a canteen juger
flask of vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparallel pleasure
of the dope me the day the thing that
makes everything better it's called the
simultaneous zip it happens now
go oh that's good so
good
so you know I always complain about my
microphone stand and my lights
and I'm just going to put this out here
I I had to basically make my own
microphone stand and I wondered why
nobody makes one that works the way you
want it to which is it it just sits on
your desk fully stable and that's
it instead have you ever seen how the
professionals put a microphone like this
in front of a person like
me they'll put you can see this on
Tucker car car show they'll put a floor
stand on the floor next to you and then
it'll be a a te kind of thing that
connects to it that'll come across you
and then they'll be here so they have
like a bar that comes across the person
sometimes so not a boom I'm talking
about a boom would come from above I'm
talking about something that comes from
the
floor and all of these are crazy this is
what you need right here and this
doesn't exist I had to I had to buy this
microphone and this stand and then
separately find connectors to connect
them because it doesn't come with the
stand or the microphone so and then then
what about my ring
lights you know what a ring light
is it it looks like this right the light
is good but every ring light I've ever
bought they put the
control not on the device
but
on on the the cable so here I've taken
the cable and wrapped it around the
device so that the control is close
enough to the device that I can find it
so I don't have to go fishing every time
I turn it on now who makes this who who
in the world would put the on button for
this two feet away from the the unit on
a cord who and and and why are they all
like that there's not one person who
said you know what I will put this on
the cord but I've got an idea I'll put
the the on button sort of close to the
unit that it turns on but still on the
cord no they have to put the turn on
halfway down the cord does that make any
sense at all no all of those microphones
are too tall so somebody said Scott you
idiot here's a whole bunch of
microphones to do what you want nope
every one of them is this tall look for
yourself
you're not going to find one this though
this is the height you need they just
don't make it it's weird anyway that's
my complaining let's talk about Joe
Rogan allegedly signed a $250 million
Spotify deal that allows him to put some
of his stuff on the X profile or X
platform I don't know what any of that
means does that mean that Spotify will
also benefit from any revenue from X did
they share it
what exactly does that mean so we don't
know what that means but it's uh I'm
glad that Joe Rogan is signing big
multi-million dollar deals and what
happened to his $100 million deal is
that already
over or did you renegotiate it I have
many questions so we don't know what's
going on there well people are uh raving
about the Apple Vision
Pro and I've learned quite a bit about
it today number one I've seen zero
people complain about giving the a
headache has anybody seen anybody
complain about the Vision Pro giving
them a headache because that's the big
problem with uh virtual
reality I see a yes no it's the the
number of people I saw who were raving
about it didn't say anything about
headaches or dizziness or
anything got you
dizzy all right yes with 30 minutes use
I got a no I got get a yes all right
well that's an open question it looks
like there's a lot of
yeses um but what I didn't know until
today is that it's not just VR it's also
AR uh AR different than VR and it
probably wouldn't give you the same
headaches AR so AR adds things to your
existing
environment so you could in theory drive
a
car but it would add some things to your
environment Maybe some you know extra
useful things but you could also watch a
movie while you're driving a car don't
do
that that's definitely you know not uh
recommended but the AR stuff looks uh
kind of mind-blowing a lot of people are
blown away they can you can put a you
can basically put a big screen floating
in front of you and just put a number of
them around your environment so that
you've got a giant theater of sports and
you've got the stats on another screen
and you know you can you can manipulate
it all with your fingers and stuff very
cool
um but the things we haven't uh worked
through yet are the social part because
there are people now walking around with
those glasses and doing stuff like this
as they walk in
public and why wouldn't you because
you're manipulating your personal
environment but it looks kind of goony
and maybe a little nerdy but it's also
apparently so well done the the people
are saying that the technology is just
mind-blowing so am I going to have to
try
these am I going to have to try these
out I was like over $5,000 out the
door I don't know I feel like I'm going
to wait a little while so I'm not going
to be the first week but I'll probably
get dragged into trying it because part
of what I do since I talk to people in
public about what's going on I'm
probably going to have to try it out
even though I don't think it's my thing
because I don't want to be in the in the
unreal world that
long but oh the other thing I wonder is
uh about
glasses so I'm
nearsighted which means that if you put
something you know far away from me as
the glasses I could see them perfectly
so in theory I wouldn't need my regular
glasses right and I wouldn't need
sunglasses either
so I could go outside without sunglasses
or regular
glasses
uh so that's interesting you need
glasses no I think you would need
glasses if you had uh if you were if you
were farsighted if you're nearsighted I
should be able to see anything up close
it should be fine without
glasses you have to order special
inserts H I might be wrong about that
but it's seems to me I wouldn't e them
could could be different based on
people yeah they make you get inserts H
interesting well I've tried that for uh
snorkeling you if you're if you have
vision problems and you snorkel you can
get snorkel lenses that are
approximately your prescription but they
give you a
headache and it's just not fun because
they're not exactly your prescription
you know they're just in the general
area so now all right so there's a new
machine I saw post by Massimo that
coffee shops are using the uh cameras in
the shop and AR and AI to figure out
which employees are making or or being
uh
productive so you can see if you know
one employee made 20 cups of coffee and
the other one only did five
Etc now this is this would be the point
at which the humans definitely become
the
machines right so if the AI is watching
the humans and determining if the humans
are working hard enough that is the
humans being the
machines it should be the humans
monitoring machines to make make sure
machines are working properly but now we
flipped it now the AI is going to
monitor the human employees and judge
them by their
productivity that takes all of the
Humanity out of
working all of it because the human part
of working is the part where you're not
working you're chatting with your
co-workers you're messing around right
that's all the human part so now that
will be removed you will literally just
become a cog in the machine well as you
probably heard there was this jobs
report that beat like crazy and added
350,000 jobs in January beat what the
experts imagined and so therefore
I guess that's proof that the economy is
doing well huh econom is all fixed
everything's good jobs reports great
right because all of our our data is
accurate
right well I don't know the details in
this one but some
say that nearly all of these jobs are
part-time jobs do you know what that
means it means all these people either
got a job that didn't pay them enough to
live if it's their only job and it's
part-time
or they had to take a second job because
they weren't making enough to
live this jobs report might be terrible
news some some of it is government jobs
but not much of it apparently so how do
you know the difference between good
news and bad news is it good news that
we created all these jobs or is it the
worst news you've ever heard because
everybody needs two jobs to do what one
job used to
do I actually don't know I legitimately
don't know if this jobs report is is
good news or some of the worst news
you've ever heard in your life I don't
know but I I'll tell you what I do
know I do know that these numbers were
going to be good whether they were good
or
not I predicted
it now I've told you the closest the
closest the humans can get to knowing
what's Real is how how well their
worldview predicts so my worldview is
that our economic data is largely fake
and that the government that controls it
would make it look extra good in an
election
year here it is now is it possible that
it's actually good yes it is but I have
a worldview that predicted perfectly and
guess what it'll work next next time too
you can h c asked it you do whatever you
want it's going to work right the
government who controls the numbers is
going to tell you that the numbers look
good in an election year that's just
guaranteed all
right
um so let's see here are some things uh
that we now know that we didn't used to
know uh I saw the rasmon report talking
about some I think it was AP or somebody
was talking about how apparently it's
it's known that LBG LBG that
LBJ uh cheated to win his Senate
race has anybody heard of that that the
cheating was just a widespread
understood thing at the time and that
everybody understood and they even knew
who the boss was they knew how it
happened they knew who was in charge of
it right they knew know exactly the
whole story
so
sorry I'm allergic to the truth I guess
not enough exposure to
it but uh so okay so we know that I
think we know that lbj's election was
fake now here's the question I was alive
then how many of you were alive and old
enough to you know remember that there
was an election who was running and
stuff like that I don't recall any time
that the news told me that
LBJ got two prominence which allowed him
to become vice president then president
I didn't know he got to prominence by a
rigged election nobody ever told me
that now how about uh um
JFK Don't We Now understand that it's
common knowledge that he got elected by
rigging something in I don't know
Chicago or Ohio or
something that's I my understanding is
that's accepted history that the mafia
had some involvement and all that so
these are two things that happened in my
lifetime I was alive when these two
stories were just presented as the
result of the democratic
process and now I'm
alive when there are questions about the
election and the same people you know
same jobs I guess that said uh that
those prior elections were fair when now
we know they weren't are saying that
Biden's uh last election was
fair it's how's it
different are the elections uh more fair
now because of all of our
controls is it because we put in good
controls and now we don't have to worry
about fake elections
I'm not aware of anything like that
because best of my understanding we
don't have elections that can be even
fully
audited that's my understanding so why
would it be that in the past few years
we found out not only did our elections
used to be fixed it apparently it takes
about you know 30 years or so before you
find out for sure or you admit it or it
becomes part of the record uh we know
that the FDA the
CDC uh the wh the basically everything
with letters has been corrupt for the
last five years six years seven years we
know that I mean the the you know the
FBI the CIA all the intelligence people
all corrupt everyone the media media
completely
corrupt and and even the elections
confirmed used to be
corrupt and yet we see here like idiots
imagining that we have we live in a
system where the election makes any
difference if our elections are not
rigged it would be the biggest surprise
in the
world now I have to say so I don't get
banned because we don't live where we
have free speech I'm not aware of any
specific proof or evidence that any of
our recent elections have been rigged I
have no evidence of that but I didn't
have any evidence during LBJ lbj's time
JFK's time either I didn't have any
evidence then either to imagine that
these elections are
fair and have been
recently is really bordering on absurd
at this
point it would be the weirdest set of
coincidences if the elections were fair
when everything else is not and they
used to not be fair and not much changed
how in the world are we supposed to
believe in the elections how in the
world 26 I think is exactly what it
looked like uh they didn't realize that
Trump would do as well as he did because
the polling was maybe a little weak it
might be that that's all that happened
it looks like
it anyway um New York Times is uh has an
opinion piece saying that Trump's
running mate has got to be vake um I
don't read the New York Times because
it's a pay wall and I'm not going to pay
for it but uh I will point out that I
think all the people can see it at this
point does it feel to you like everybody
was really paying attention they're all
in the same page at this point sort of
the's really sort of the obvious
choice anything short of that is going
to be a little bit not even a little bit
it's could to be very
disappointing if Trump ended up picking
some safe Governor I never heard his
name or her name or or worse you know
just as a diversity hire that doesn't
have the power of of
aake how are we going to be happy with
that how are you going to be happy with
that now I get that Carrie lake has a
lot lot going for her but she doesn't
have a vake level you know power profile
she's just really good at what she does
but you we haven't seen her in politics
or run a major business like
vas all right keep an eye on that um I
guess New York Ci's wants to uh give a
$53 million program to give uh prepaid
credit cards to uh
immigrants the ones who are recent and
Mer Eric Adams is wondering why
everybody keeps coming to New York when
they're paying them cash to come to New
York
so does it seem to you that Democrats
have a problem understanding
systems as in they understand goals all
right our goal is to make sure these
people don't starve got it give them
food but then the system can't possibly
work because then everybody comes in for
some free food in unlimited
numbers all right um so we're going to
do more on that yes if you pay people to
do something something that will be more
of it not less now I I saw a post from
JD haltigan
PhD who's got a hypothesis or Theory
he's been working on that uh there are
two kinds of PE people basically
empathizers and systemizers and women
tend to be empathizers and men tend to
be
systemizers so in other words if you
want somebody to read the
room uh you're better off on average of
course everybody's different you know
there's no Universal guy or a universal
gal people are all different but in
general uh women are going to be better
at reading the room and emotions and
nurturing and stuff like that says uh
JD uh and that men are more likely to
think in engineering terms about how the
whole system
works now again there are plenty of
female engineers and there are plenty of
men who can read the room so we're not
talking about every man or every woman I
just say that for the NPCs who have to
rush in and say but I know a person who
is different from your general average
and it's important that I note that
because I'm an NPC so anyway get that
out of the
way but here's another way to say the
same thing if women are empathizers and
men are systemizers you almost
automatically get a goal versus
System model or a shortterm versus
long-term model shortterm let's be nice
to everybody because we're nice people
and we like to be nice long term if your
system is just being nice to everybody
you're all
dead so the systemizers say hey don't
break the system or we're all dead in
the long run and the empathizers say but
this person is hungry today right now
why why can't I just give them food I
feel really bad for them right now so
the right now is a
goal and the the system you know build
it up for the longterm make sure you
have a long-term Integrity of a system
that's more of a male Centric Behavior
but of course lots of exceptions so
bottom line is if women have more power
in the country it should in theory
destroy the
country let me say it again if women
sort of in general and again not every
person is like every woman and not every
man is like every man for the NPCs but
in theory uh everything we know about
men and women on average should mean
that as women gain more power in the
society it should destroy
it in the long run because they should
uh favor
short-term kindness uh and empathy over
long-term systems that are a little more
cruel you know the free market it's
pretty cruel capitalism pretty cruel the
justice department pretty cruel the uh
borders being closed pretty
cruel but what do all those cruel things
have in
common in the long run they work they
are systems which we know work and what
do we know never works paying people to
break the law paying people to break the
law has never worked anywhere in in the
history of
humankind anywhere but capitalism has
worked in a lot of places you know it
has its problems but it's worked in a
lot of
places so and one of the things that is
hard to say is that women are the
problem and you know that's one of the
benefits of having free speech I can say
women are the problem and then the smart
people can say oh you don't mean every
single women obviously you're plenty of
conservative women you know Etc
and of course I don't mean every woman
but I still say women having power in
society in general should lead to the D
destruction of that society that would
be the most predictable outcome given
biological differences between the the
genders the Sexes let's say not
genders all right um Elon Musk is
weighing in heavily on the uh
interpretation of the Biden immigration
strategy and and Elon said today or
yesterday maybe that Biden's strategy is
very simple number one get as many
illegals in the country as possible
number two legalize them to create a
permanent majority a one- party
State how many of you say that's what's
going on that the real plan of the
Democrats is to get a whole bunch of
Democrats in the country and then
control it all with their one
party uh I disagree
I
disagree I I think we often make the
problem on this and lots of other topics
of looking at the outcome and assuming
there's an
intention the outcome is exactly that
you know if you were going to straight
line it I would definitely say the
outcome of bringing in massive millions
of people from other
places as a very good chance of
increasing the Democratic control and
turning it into a onep party situation
so we're there's no argument about the
predicted
outcome are we on the same page on that
that if we just keep doing what we're
doing it does look like it could lead to
that now nothing is 100% predictable
right the future is is usually a guess
but so far that makes
sense that would be the outcome now
here's where I differ I think that the
situation is a whole bunch of people
with different incentives
there might be and probably is some
people who are thinking exactly like
this and have power people in power
saying you know what just keep bringing
them in and we'll turn these red red
States blue and we're done we control
everything so I do think that that
exists and when Elon Musk calls it out I
think he's accurate and that it exists
and there are people who have that point
of view but I think there might be so
many other points of view there's really
a it's just the average of all people
operating under their self-interest as
they see it for
example there are certainly lots of
regular Democrats who support the open
borders who are not thinking of it in
terms of Voters would you agree with
that statement that there are plenty of
people who just think it's a kindness
philosophical thing and they might say
well you know this could get us more
voters but that's not really that's not
the idea
it might happen but that's not the point
of it so I think there are those people
who literally just want this kind of
world I think there is also a sexual
element to it uh I do think that women
on average are more likely to say yes to
uh hordes of manly men coming in their
Direction I I think that's actually part
of the story it's not the whole part
it's part of it I think that there might
be something about the whole sorrow
organization that we don't fully
understand that's not just about getting
Democrats you know he seems to have some
bigger IM bigger purpose that's not
entirely clear to
me um we'll talk about him a little more
later so my my interpretation is that it
might have that effect but that it's a
lot of people operating under their own
self-interest that just sums up to this
and it might be that the people who have
the most power are thinking in terms of
votes that could definitely be so that
would that would that would be very
close to uh the the musk Theory uh but I
don't think that Joe Biden has a um
strategy I I don't sense that he's in
charge so I don't think it's his
strategy so some it would be somebody's
strategy
unknown so who yeah and then you look at
foreign
influence is Tik Tok friendly to
immigrants
I don't use Tik Tok if I go on Tik Tok
is it going to be a whole bunch of
people saying stop the
immigration or is going to be a whole
bunch of people saying we must be kind
to the
immigrants if if Tik Tock is telling us
to be kind to immigrants and do a lot
more of it then China's part of the
issue and I don't think the Democrats
are necessarily coordinating with China
about Tik Tock they could be just you
know influencing in the same Direction
so it could be you got your Democrats
who just think it's nice to be nice to
immigrants could have your political
people saying you know the main thing I
like about it is getting all these extra
voters could be probably and it could be
that China is saying uh this is very
disruptive to America so keep sending
over those you know keep keep it
going and then Soros who knows what
what's up with that situation so that's
my take it's true but it's not the whole
story that there is a a voter element to
it here's what I would do if I were
Republicans you already see that uh
Black Americans are revolting against
the immigration because they see it
directly affecting their paychecks they
think and their
facilities so you know there are stories
of uh you know gyms that are turned over
over to the immigrants that used to be
someplace that the the inner city people
could go at all all hours of the
night
um
so if I were Republicans here's the play
I would make I would say uh you might
win with these immigrant voters coming
in but we're going to take your black
voters as a trade and here's how you do
it you can tell black voters that the
reparations got spent on immigrants
now that's not exactly how money works
because money is what we call a fungible
so you know if I have a dollar in my
pocket I can kind of spend it on
anything it's not like it was it's not
like it was dedicated to one thing and
then when I changed my mind that one
thing I can't have it's just money can
be spent on whatever but it is
realish that if you don't have extra
money you're not going to be considering
reparations is that fair if you don't
have extra money if you can't afford it
then reparations are off the table and
at the moment the cost of the immigrants
is so high that I think any reparations
conversation would have no
chance so I would just if I were a
republican I'd say look they promised
you reparations and then they gave it to
the immigrants what I wouldn't say is if
you vote Republican you'll get some
reparations I would say the Democrats
already spending your
money that they they hurt your pay
paycheck with inflation that caus you to
get two jobs they shut down your recck
Center filled it with immigrants and
they took your reparations money and
they're paying it directly right now to
the migrants how would you like to be a
black American and know that the migrant
who's standing next to you is getting
$1,000 a month from the
government not even a
citizen that would hurt yeah if you were
looking around and you saw your
community was suffering and you saw that
money that could have gone your way in
your opinion you know but money is
funable um it's going to hurt and you
see people expressing very much that
opinion so if you want to be persuasive
you find something that people are
already thinking and feeling and you
boost it and I think that the black
Americans are already thinking and
feeling that they just got pushed down
uh one more rung so imagine you're black
American and and you feel that there's
some kind of hierarchy in the world and
that you're at the bottom and that's you
know that's affecting your whole
Community now suddenly the migrants come
in and it would look to you like they
they somehow they got a higher
priority how's that
feel well probably exactly like you
think so I think Republicans can say um
we can't stop the immigrants coming in
right now we don't have the power but we
can sure make you know that this isn't
good for you black Americans you need to
get on the side that's going to stop
this and and we heard some you know
anecdotally some black Americans do seem
to be switching over to Republicans and
Trump in particular because they say we
had more money under
Trump that might be the whole story we
had more money under Trump if if that's
something that black Americans believe
that should be
enough all right
um Alex Jones says he has a scoop here
that uh there there are two stories that
seem to be converging this would be Alex
Jones's take uh one story is that we've
got all this facial recognition
technology that uh isn't turned on
because you know it wouldn't be right
and proper to just be facially
recognizing and tracking all
Americans however if you needed it to
track the Immigrant
it would just sort of always be on
wouldn't it because if your cameras are
tracking facial
recognition and your purpose is to find
out what the immigrants are doing once
they're in the country how are you not
watching the rest of the citizens
because they have faces too so Alex
Jones is suggesting that there's a uh
the possibility of a fake white
supremacist attack that would give the
cover for the facial recognition to be
activated by the NSA which would give
them an excuse to monitor you know all
citizens
forever that's the sort of thing that
you would have called crazy a few years
ago I don't know if any of that's true
I'm just telling you that Alex Jones is
saying is true and given that his track
record has been weirdly better than
average uh and it caught my attention
because it's it's a pretty specific
claim and he says his sources are
impeccable so we'll
see all right Biden did this uh tearful
kind of uh Speech yesterday I guess in
which he said we must not be enemies
meaning Republicans and Democrats at a
moment of deep division President
Lincoln said uh we are not enemies but
friends we must not be enemies I've long
believe we have to look at each other
even in our most challenging times not
as enemies but as fellow Americans
you buying any of
that uh scripture tells us you know we
got to love our fellow people okay now I
had to respond to that and I think a
million and a half people have already
viewed it which suggests that maybe
people agreed with my comment so I
posted in response to that I said uh
president dotard doesn't remember
declaring war on one-third of the
country smearing them as white
supremacists discriminating against them
in employment and jailing J Sixers while
law faring their preferred candidate you
are me this is me talking to Biden you
are indeed my enemy Mr President we are
not in the politics frame anymore you're
jailing people for protesting that's not
politics no and I said NPCs are invited
to demonstrate how brainwashed they are
by insisting it was an
Insurrection and of course the very
first comment was somebody insist think
it was an
Insurrection can always depend on them
so here's my
thing this isn't politics when you're
putting one side in
jail if we were just talking about which
policies were good and it got out of
hand and we were insulting each other
then I would say very good Mr President
very good you should be calling for
Unity because we should be able to talk
about these things without fighting and
making it physical but you made it
physical
you made it physical you physically put
protesters in jail these January Sixers
and you're trying to put their preferred
candidate in jail in
jail in jail no that's not
politics Biden is my
enemy am I
wrong I've never said that before about
a president but this president in my
opinion has targeted me and people look
like me and act like me and I think he
said it directly I think he said it many
times I think he's unambiguous he's very
clear and he is my
enemy he's my enemy I'm not going to do
anything violent or illegal
obviously but yes and my thinking about
him is as an enemy not a political
opponent I believe he's destroying the
entire country I think that he's going
to cause hardship on a scale we've never
seen before unless he get stopped fast
enough and which I think will happen
actually
um but no no you don't get to put people
in jail and then ask for them to you
know talk nice to you I mean if they
done a crime I'd be on your
side you know real crime that wasn't
just a political thing and yes
for the NPCs I do know that some of the
protesters broke the law we're not
talking about
that all
right um so if you want to know how bad
things are Reuters was reporting that
there's a massive um recall of Tesla
automobiles oh my God a massive recall
of a Tesla automobiles oh man that would
certainly change your mind about buying
one wouldn't it certainly changes your
mind huh do do you know what it
was the massive
recall there was an automatic
over-the-air software update that
changed the look of some
icons the owner of the car needed to do
nothing and there was no risk and no
expense and it all happened
automatically and had no no impact on
anything
whatsoever and reuter told you that
their cars were falling apart
essentially
so do you have any questions about who
Reuters is do you have any questions
about who the AP
is
no it's all pretty clear at this
point well Hallmark is remaking uh the
book that I think was also a movie Sense
and
Sensibility which took place back in
1700s in uh
England uh but they're casting it all
with black actors so it'll be all black
remake of a historical situation which
originally featured all white people
now let me say as clearly as possible I
don't mind remakes in which they changed
the uh race of the actors for example
when The Wizard of Oz was remade by you
know Michael Jackson and some others as
The Whiz that was a good watch and the
thing about The Wizard of Oz is they
were all imaginary made out people so
why did they why do they have to be all
white if they're imaginary and made up
people they they could be all black so
if you if you take something that's
imaginary and made up you know whether
it's a you know uh the Chocolate Factory
willly Wonka the Chocolate Factory or
Star Wars or Star Trek if you want to
make them all black that seems like just
a good creative choice if you've got an
audience for it you got good actors yeah
why not I don't care like I didn't if I
didn't care that they're all white I
shouldn't care that they're all black or
all Asian or all anything else as long
as it's wellmade right as long as the
art yeah Hamilton Hamilton's a good
example Hamilton was of course based on
historical stuff but I don't I don't
require a play to have all the right
ethnicities you know based on the
historical accuracy of it that doesn't
bother me so I thought Hamilton was just
sort of interesting that they changed up
the ethnicities but they they weren't
trying to change history per
se but I do think that when you do a
historical thing there's a little more
pressure to get the uh original
ethnicities right for historical
purposes but uh here's my question how
long will it be before the Babylon be
creates a movie that's a remake of roots
but they use all Irish
actors that's going to happen isn't
it wouldn't you watch
that
I might actually watch that movie
because it would be
hilarious they just do all the same
Parts but they just make them all irish
guys come on that's pretty funny all
right all right I don't take any of this
too seriously uh if if Hollywood makes
movies and people go to them they're
good movies if they make movies and
people don't go to them they're bad
movies everything else is details so I'm
I'm not going to get too excited about
how they cast a movie
all right
um you know about the uh loneliness
epidemic of
course um but at least the lonely people
in the past could go online and have at
least fake friends in the digital world
not nearly as good as real friends but
at least the social networks were built
around
friends but I think that's changed and
as AI content becomes the main content
you watch that's not really your
so there is some thinking uh I think
Bindu ready was talking about this that
the old social networks were focused on
friends but that's dead now now your Tik
Tok feed is going to be mostly AI
created
content so your loneliness
epidemic could get a lot worse because
you won't even have the same online
friend experience could be for totally
artificial on top of that if you add
your Vision Pro app Apple AR VR glasses
are you going to spend a lot more time
around things that aren't even real
completely outside the real world in a
sense and is that going to increase your
loneliness because the alternatives are
better you know uh I've fameless said um
It's Not Unusual for me in my current
stage of life well actually when I was
in my 20s it was the same thing um It's
Not Unusual for me to have three days a
week
where I don't have any human contact
none at all you know I I'm not going to
count ordering a coffee as Starbucks and
that's not really human contact and I'm
not I don't mean if people are walking
by in the sidewalk but an actual
conversation so I can go two or three
days without having a conversation in
person that's very common for me
actually in my 20s I did it all the time
every weekend mostly just about every
weekend
um however I find it's much easier now
than it was in my 20s because today
it'll take
today so I don't know if I'll have any
human contact
today don't know I mean there's it's
hard to say but all day long I'm going
to be doing things I like because I have
so many options I get to exercise I like
that I'll probably take a walk if the
weather's good I really like that I'll
probably spend sometime in my man cave
doing God knows what I really like that
I'll probably do some work that I wanted
to get done that I kind of
enjoy uh I might I might do some things
around the house that I want to get done
kind of enjoy it so the loneliness thing
is an epidemic it is important but it
it's worsened by basically everything
that's happening almost everything is
worsening the loneliness problem so keep
an eye on that um here's an update on
the Trump lawfare stuff you probably
already heard that the uh the case that
involved Trump being an
insurrectionist allegedly is uh delayed
until the Supreme Court or the upper
courts can figure out whether a
president could be charged with
something like that or if they had
immunity but what's interesting about it
is not just delayed until another date
is indefinitely delayed which suggests
that the judges don't think it's
necessarily going to happen
if at
all um or at least before the election
so I'm feeling like Trump might be in
the clear just because of the timing and
the
delay you know because if he gets in
office it's not going to matter he'll
still be
president and I think the other charges
are weaker am I right aren't all the
other charges kind of
weakish so does it does it look like
Trump's going to beat the lawfare after
all this it does to me if I had to put a
bet on it I bet he beats every one of
them uh they'll be you know that somehow
they'll be pled down to something like a
misdemeanor that nobody cares about or
they'll be the um the the non-criminal
ones where he pay some money but that's
not a criminal problem it's going to be
all these not quite a criminal
conviction go to jail
situations in a variet ways from delays
to you know
surprises yeah there was there's always
an October surprise might not be in
October but you can be sure there will
be coming all right CBS News had John
Bolton
on and John Bolton Said this now here's
the surprising
part this happened in
2024 just
recently see if this sounds like
2024 or if he's stuck in time you know
somewhere back in the past John Bolton
quote I think Trump will cause
significant damage in the second term
damage that in some cases will be
irreparable I have to say that is
scarier I think Trump will cause
significant damage in the second term
damage that in some cases will be
irreparable are you scared
yet does
Bolton not know that Trump was already
president for four
years how' that go do do we have a bunch
of irreparable harm from the first four
years because I'm pretty sure people
were telling us there was going to be a
lot of irreparable harm existential
danger if Trump is
President why are we arguing about
things we've already shown not to be a
thing now I will grant you that any
president could cause a problem that's
irreparable it looks like it looks like
Biden's causing a bunch of them at this
very moment you know immigration being
the top of the list
but uh the only thing I can figure is
that this wasn't really John Bolton
talking I believe there might be enough
soup in his mustache at this point that
has formed its own entity possibly a
civilization I believe the mustache soup
had having evolved into more of a
creature now has enough control of his
mouth so I can move it just from the
mustache alone like he got there and he
probably probably thought he had other
things to say and then the mustache
takes over his mouth oh Trump is a
existential danger oh I've never said
this before this is a brand new thing
I'm saying so it's news oh I've never
said that Trump might be Reckless or
cause some chaos before so you better
pay attention to me cuz my mustache is
making my my lips
move so that happened all right let's
talk about excess deaths which you
believe are caused by uh the covid
shots how many of you believe that the
excess deaths are high and they were
caused by the co shots how many believe
that to be true most of you all right
now I think there's a good chance that's
true so can you please hear this first
part before I get to the second part
there's a good chance that's
true good good chance that's true but
here's what you should
consider everything else we were told
Based on
data turned out to be
untrue everything else we've ever been
told Based on
data we know to be
untrue but did you decide that this
would be the one time the data was
accurate and that what it told you was
definitely exactly what it looked
like
why just ju and I want to make a
distinction that's very very important
to the point I'm not telling you you're
wrong I'm not telling you you're wrong
because I don't know I'm not telling you
that the shots are not the reason for it
I'm not telling you that I'm saying that
if you believe the data was right and
yet all the other data for literally
everything important has been wrong
which we know not guessing we know that
all the data we saw on the pandemic
everything we learned about nutrition
over decades was wrong uh probably
everything we heard about the jobs
report is fake data we don't have data
about you know how many deaths there are
in Gaza because it's a war zone you you
tell me where you think there's good
data about anything is our inflation
number accurate is our what what is
accurate there's no such thing as
accurate data and if you haven't learned
that
yet you're still a little bit
behind now let me say it again because I
apparently I'll just have to say this a
100 times I'm not saying you're wrong it
might be exactly the case that these
these shots are causing excess mortality
I think there's a good chance of it but
if you think it's true because the data
says it and here's the important part
the data from lots of different sources
say
it then you haven't been paying
attention do you know what the sources
do you know what people from lots of
different countries and lots of
different sources say they say that
you're all going to burn up from climate
change lots of different countries lots
of different experts how could they all
be telling you something that's not
true how about the pandemic lots of
different experts they told you those
Mass going to
work all over the country different
experts different places how could they
all be
wrong right and that and that's just one
thing Ivor and can you know you just
keep on
going so do you think that this time
because it's a whole bunch of different
sources are telling you that uh almost
everybody saying the excess mortality is
up it's not just up in the us it's up
everywhere and where
there's a high correlation I saw this
morning between the excess death rates
and the rate of vaccination uh oh and
I'm talking about the co
shots which you don't call
vaccinations now that's pretty damning
right suppose that were true suppose
that data was true and again that would
be gigantically unlikely because every
other data is untrue but if it were true
that there was a perfect correlation
between the excess death rate and How
likely you are to be vaccinated that
would prove wouldn't you feel that that
would be all you needed to know that it
was the the shots how many would say
that that's that would be enough
confirmation oh you know I'm tricking
you damn you all for being with me too
long you you can sense the trick coming
can't you yeah there should be a
correlation between how much
vaccinations you got and excess
death you would expect the people
getting most vaccinated are the ones who
have the most concern about dying early
from
anything
so probably it doesn't mean anything
that
data and if and if you didn't see that
right off the
bat then you need to up your game a
little bit it could be exactly what it
looks like that the more shots you get
the more likely you're going to die
from the shots it could be I I don't
have any data that I trust to support
that idea but definitely that's
definitely in the short list of
possibilities but if you think it's
because it it's correlated with how
vaccinated you are that's probably a
data error or a analysis
error so how many of you are saying to
yourself uhoh I do agree that I
disagreed with every data set and every
expert for the last 5 years and I was
correct to do that but somehow I decided
to believe the excess data
numbers which who do you think comes up
with them who do you think comes up with
excess death or excess not excess data
excess mortality who do you think comes
up with those who would have the
information what group of people have
the information about excess
deaths insurance companies insurance
companies and would an insurance company
make more money or less money if the
data shows excess
deaths they would make less money if
they kept their rates the same and there
were excess deaths correct if they kept
their rates the same but more people
were dying that's bad for the insurance
company because because they have to set
the rates based on their best estimate
of how many die but suppose they wanted
to raise the r
what would be a good way to do that good
way to do that would be to tell the
world that there's a really high excess
mortality problem and we just can't
figure it out we don't know where it is
ah gosh you know we're the we're the
insurance company you think we'd be able
to narrow this down to let's say was it
the shots or was it something else
because they need to know what it is
it's not enough to know that they are
dying at a higher rate you need to know
why because that allows you to set your
rates you know based on different
demographics oh this group is doing
something differently than this group
you know they're smoking but this group
is not smoking so we'll set our rates
differently so I suggest to you that one
way everybody in the world
simultaneously could be telling you that
the excess mortality rate is high is
that every insurance company in the
world wants to tell you it's high
because that's how they raise their
rates
follow the
money do you know why do you know what
would it would take for me to trust the
excess mortality
data it would take for it not to be in
the best interest of the insurance
companies in every country and every
city everywhere on
Earth that's what it would take for me
to believe the
numbers yeah so are they right they
might be but I'm not going to do what
many of you were doing which is to say
all the other data in the world is wrong
but the stuff that I wanted to believe
is right just ask yourself if you did
that did you did you doubt all the data
that we now know is wrong and then you
accept it boom right off the right off
the bat as soon as you saw some stuff
that agreed with you you're like oh yeah
that that's the good data there that
excess mortality numberers pretty good
even
though even though the insurance
companies everywhere have a financial
interest in lying to you about
it
yeah
so I made it more messy so the lesson
here that you should take from this is
not that the excess mortality is not
true that I don't know so don't take
away from this that I think the shots
were safe don't take away from this that
I think there is no excess mortality
don't take from this that I don't think
those two things might be connected
connected I'm just telling you if you
fell for this immediately because it
agreed with what you thought was
true that was not rational
thinking it wasn't you might be right
but not because of rational
thinking all
right um I heard there's a whole War
starting that we don't know much about
but I can tell you that all the news
from the war zone is
fake do you know how I know that
because all the news from all war zones
is
fake all the news from non-war zones is
fake I just covered this so do you think
that the war news from the war zone is
going to be real of course not there
isn't the slightest chance of that not
even the slightest chance that the war
news is real but we'll talk about it
anyway so here let me give you an
example so the I guess the US government
said that they hit 85
targets Is that real so our government
says that they hit 85 targets real news
or fake
news well I've got questions how many
different locations was
it was it four locations let's say bases
or camps that each had 20 buildings on
it you know 20 structures 20
targets doesn't that feel completely
different than if there were 85
individual Iranian proxy sites which was
it was it
four or was it
85 why don't we know
that why don't you know
that yeah they fired 85 times or 125
times was another number I saw why why
is that so confusing what what if they
wanted you know the real
story wouldn't it be easy to tell it we
attacked four
locations and we you know with 85
weapons or whatever it was and then
you'd have a real good sense of it oh
there are four places we have to worry
about but if it's 85 that's a totally
different story if it's 85 we've already
lost because if they could put 85 proxy
places in that area how in the world are
we to stop
them let me ask you this how many could
answer the question as the US is
entering this war is in it how many can
answer the question of why the US has
places in the Middle East in Syria and
Iraq that even exist in the first
place how many of you know the answer to
the
question I think the official
answer is that we're uh doing it
to stop you know terrorist for terrorist
groups from forming you know so we're
looking to you know mow the grass as
they say of the
terrus I doubt it you know that might be
one reason but it's probably you know a
whole bunch of other complicated thing
yeah it might be protecting some oil
interests God knows but whatever the
government is telling you is probably a
lie all right so we don't know what the
US did we don't know if the
attacks were uh made a difference we
don't know how many
sites
um but the real question is even if
everything went just the way they
planned would it make any difference and
the answer is no does anybody think that
these attacks will make any
difference
anybody how could
they no I I think all we're doing is
showing that if we get attacked we'll
attack back which has some value do you
do you remember uh remember I told you
that the menu method could be
persuasive but not the we'll do
something that you don't know in the
future that that just never works
because the only way you're going to
stop what Iran is doing is if the
proxies run out of human
people I guess that's the same
humans so if the proxies still have
people and they got plenty of people and
they got plenty more if we kill them all
so we're not going to get we're not
going to get rid of their people if they
have assets you know
weapons we'd have to destroy their
weapons but we'll never be able to
destroy their weapons because they'll
just get new ones so if we can't get rid
of the people and we can't get rid of
the
weapons what difference does our bombing
them make they just
reconstitute which is exactly what
they'll do so why do we do it you don't
think our government is fully aware that
it won't make any difference
it's for it's for domestic
consumption this is purely for American
domestic consumption as far as I could
tell because it's not going to make any
difference strategically or
geopolitically now there are other
possibilities it could be a cover for
something else we're doing it could be
that we're doing an attack on a bunch of
valid targets but really it might be a
distraction from a real Attack that
might make a
difference you maybe the some some of
our dark arts you know special forces
are preparing to do something or already
did something that could actually make a
difference but maybe you'll never hear
about it yeah maybe there's something
cyber going on we don't know about but
so some people like Lindsey Graham and a
few others saw some general saying that
if we did not attack inside Iran against
actual Iranian military types and and
targets that Iran would never get the
message well I disagree let's compare
this to my technique which president uh
Trump apparently used on the Taliban do
you remember the famous meeting I don't
know if I have the details right but
it's something like this when the
president met with the Taliban he said
some version of we plan to get out of
Afghanistan if you kill even one
American now that we said we're leaving
if you kill even one of us here's a
photo of your house with your children
in it this thing is going to blow
up this specific thing your
house and then the you know the the
heads of the Isis said uh that's very
specific and that's my house I don't
have to wonder what will happen that's
my house my children will die and Trump
just told me that in
person that's the menu approach now when
that when that uh Isis or Taliban guy I
guess more Taliban than Isis was it Isis
or Taliban it was the Taliban I'm
confusing him um when the Taliban guy
left do you think he was thinking about
a general risk or was he thinking about
his family blowing up he was thinking
about his family blowing up so what
Trump did was he created a champion for
not fighting so the guy who we showed
his house he became a champion for
avoiding fighting a champion on the
inside in the Taliban so Trump turns
people into
champions of not fighting
internally who is the champion of not
fighting right now in
Iran
nobody
nobody right because there's nobody who
thinks it's going to get them everybody
thinks yeah people will die but probably
not me probably probably not my
family
so um the Biden approach of we're going
to do a generic thing to your proxies in
my opinion has no
persuasion value at all unless we could
magically degrade them so much they
literally can't fire but then it just
buys us some time and they reconstitute
can't
work but if you said to Iran here Iran
here's a picture of the ayatollah's
house here's a picture of his
girlfriend's house here's a picture of
his other girlfriend's house here's a
picture of his other girlfriend's house
here's a picture of his children walking
to work here's a picture of his
daughter-in-law uh going to work in this
building every one of these things is
going to disappear the second you do X
whatever X is that's completely
different then we'll do bad things to
you if you do bad things completely
different because you turn turn anybody
who sees that specific threat into an
advocate for okay maybe maybe this isn't
in our geopolitical
interest because my house is going to
blow up with my kids in
it so have I made the point yet because
I feel like I've been failing on making
this point over and over again but I
think maybe I did a better job this time
you need to create Advocates on the
other side and you only do that with
very spe specific threats you can't do
that with we're coming after you the
Biden
way all right got it so the question of
you know can Trump stop a war or prevent
a war that Biden um
can't
yes yes capital letters yes we've seen
him do it twice three times four
times we've seen him do it over and over
again right you don't have to wonder if
his form of persuasion is the powerful
kind we saw it no mystery to
it all right
um well actually there are three things
you want to degrade if you want to stop
let's say the proxies you'd have to
either kill all their people or enough
of them that'll never happen you'd have
to get you destroy all their military
assets or economic assets which would
get you to the same place that that'll
never happen because they can just send
new ones uh or you destroy their
will and their leadership which would
get you to the same place and I don't
see any of that happening so that should
be the whole
story yeah uh the best you could do is
make it uneconomical to be a proxy you
can make it uneconomical so if you could
figure out who's in charge of each proxy
and then go after their secret money
they might find a new way to be bad
because you took all their secret money
that was the point that they were doing
it in the first place you know
hypothetically so there might be a way
to take away their their willingness to
do it if you went after the leaders of
the proxies and also could get their
money or kill their families or
something something like
that and that ladies and
gentlemen brings us to the conclusion of
the best live stream you're going to see
this Saturday morning because a lot of
people don't work on the weekends not me
I'm here every day for you solving your
loneliness problem in some cases filling
you in about how to evaluate your data
and others and generally having a good
time so thanks for joining on the
xplatform and on YouTube and
Rumble and uh I'll see you tomorrow same
time same
place