bum bum bum bum bum
everybody you hear the siren call it
sounds like this bum bum bum bum bum bum
yes it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and the simultaneous sip
world-famous really it's gonna be the
best coffee with Scott Adams all day
until possibly later and we got lots of
stuff to talk about today and in order
to enjoy it to its maximum all you need
is a copper marker glass a tanker
Challenger Stein a canteen drug turf
Alaska vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine here the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous up it happens now go well
there's so much silly news today that I
almost can't stand it I like the silly
news the stuff that really doesn't make
any difference at all to anything I I'm
much less interested in the bad news
that really affects people that stuff's
just sad well let's start at the top
here's a provocative thought for you
if the coronavirus only targeted young
that males with the economy have shut
down I say no because I think if the
only people who were dying were young
males that we would see this like every
other war and we'd say well we don't
shut down the economy just because we
got a war so it's just a thought I think
that biologically society considers
young males largely expendable and I
actually think that if all of the if all
of the risk had just spent on males I
don't think we would have
close the economy I mean it's just a
thought experiment I don't know for sure
but I don't think we would have
President Trump is making things
interesting by tweeting that he was
going to do an executive order
suspending immigration because of the
coronavirus what did people say about
that did people say well from the health
perspective that's a pretty good idea
did they say that no no they didn't do
they say you know given unemployment is
so high that certainly makes sense did
they say that no no no they did not
nope they called him a racist Jennifer
Rubin always always wants to be first to
that so what did she say she said so
this is Jennifer Rubin now I honestly
don't know the real story with Jennifer
Rubin you know she calls herself a
conservative but she she only talks
smack about President Trump so I don't
know what kind of a conservative she is
and I don't even know if she believes
her own stated opinions and I actually
don't know that I mean I actually I
don't even have
I'm not even leading one way or the
other I can't tell can you do you think
that Jennifer Rubin believes her own
opinions the ones that she expresses in
public because I really can't tell and
I'd be that seriously I honestly
seriously can't tell if she's being
serious or if it's just part of the act
part of the show you know she's on the
team so she's playing team sport can
tell but let me tell you what she
tweeted she talked about President Trump
saying he was going to stop all
immigration during the coronavirus and
she said replying to his tweet no doubt
Trump's base is primarily motivated by
racism this is why Trump does this every
damn time and so I ask you this have you
ever met
a conservative who thought their race
should determine public policy I've
never met one now obviously I've met
people who are racist and they come in
all types you know they're not just
white I don't know if I've met anybody
that I wouldn't call a racist on some
level you know if you know what I mean
you know when you talk to people
privately no matter what ethnicity they
are they they tend to express
preferences you know if you ask anybody
of any race are you a racist most people
will say no no no I'm not a racist
they ask the same person would you do
you have any preferences for dating and
they'll say oh yeah now often their
preferences for dating are not even
their own ethnicity ethnicity is quite
common for people to say the fact I know
several women who say they would only
date black men it's just their
preference that was that racist well
yeah isn't it if you have if you act in
a way that shows preference based on
race that's sort of racist so I don't
know anybody personally who doesn't make
their own personal decisions at least
about who they who they have the same
mating preferences for but in terms of
anybody who thinks that the world should
be organized that way I've literally
never met anybody have you I mean this
is a serious question I've been you know
deeply embedded talking to Trump
supporters of all types and I gotta tell
you people will tell me just about
anything privately because I think
people understand I'm not telling people
secrets around so people will reveal
things to me because I am sort of
famously non-judgmental
I've had people reveal to me horrible
crimes they've committed horrible things
they've thought horrible things they've
done and all you know just goes into the
vault so it's safe to tell me and I
don't judge it I just think everybody
you know my opinion is
I really knew everybody's internal
thoughts they should all be executed
you know everybody should have the death
sentence for the thoughts but we don't
do that there's a good good reason for
that
so I've just never met anybody a trump
supporter well let's just say Trump
supporter or a conservative I've never
been a conservative who thought there
should be any kind of laws or public
rules or guidelines or anything that was
based on ethnicity I've never seen that
and but Jennifer Rubin believes there's
no doubt she uses the phrase no doubt
Trump's base is primarily motivated by
racism do you think that's something
that somebody could tell from a distance
do you think have you met anybody who is
primarily motivated by racism I don't
even know if anybody is you know it's
certainly not conservatives they're not
primarily motivated by racism I've never
met that person so what I tweeted about
that is that if you think you can read
the minds of 60 million people and you
can see in them that they're primarily
motivated by anything you know whether
it's racism or anything else if you
could think that you have no doubt about
60 million people's primary motivation
and you're so certain of that that you
will tweet it in public you're not
operating at a high level of awareness I
won't say intelligence because I don't
think it's an IQ issue you know there
are smart people on every every topic
all over the place
but clearly there's an awareness problem
you know like a awareness of reality how
could you go through life unless you you
know again unless she's just acting you
can't rule out the possibility that
because I can't read her mind right so
I'm trying to be consistent with the
fact that we don't know what the
strangers are thinking I don't know why
she does this it's actually kind of an
interesting mystery to me but anyway
that's enough about
Jennifer Rubin so much going on today
let's talk about Kim jong-un I tweeted a
little Twitter poll today who do you
think is more likely to be seen in
public this week Kim jong-un Joe Biden
or Jeffrey Epstein it's pretty close
call isn't it in the Twitter poll I
think Jeffrey Epstein was the winner but
here's my here's my take is is still
true that Joe Biden hasn't been seen
since Thursday can somebody confirm that
because I keep looking I'm checking the
headlines and I'm not seeing any links
to videos of him we'll talk about him
some more but I think Joe Biden is done
can I can I be the first one to make
this prediction in public I don't know
that anybody else is making this
prediction but my prediction is that at
this at this time and the election cycle
getting as close as we are to Election
Day I think that not seeing the presumed
candidate for the Democrats is really
telling you pretty directly that he's
being replaced
so I'm gonna make this my prediction
that you will not see Joe Biden again as
a candidate the next time you see him if
you do will be to announce that he's
dropping out pretty bold prediction
right but can you think of any other
reason that Joe Biden would simply not
be in public because even if he were
feeling ill I think they would tell us
or somebody said video last night can we
can we get a fact check on that somebody
says he was interviewed on WDIV Detroit
yesterday okay so I will keep my I'll
keep my prediction alive for the future
then so the prediction is a generic one
that if he goes if he goes two days
without
being seen in public between now and the
election day it means something it means
that there it means that they're getting
ready to switch about somebody says they
saw videos on there's Twitter or one to
two days ago so so I given that the fact
checkers here are correcting me that
they have seen them on video or recently
then that doesn't mean what it would
mean if he had not been seen so I'm not
I'm not predicting use it withdrawing
from the race if it's jus he's been on
video in the last two days it's a
conditional prediction all right three
CNN anchors now have the coronavirus
that we know of Brooke Baldwin Chris
Cuomo and Richard Quest was just just no
she hasn't
are there any Fox News anchors who have
the coronavirus and if not what's up
with that I see somebody in the comments
saying that the there's a saliva test
coming for a corona virus that would be
good
I hope so but why do three CNN anchors
have it and no fox news anchors that's
just a curiosity Brooke Baldwin who for
in interest of full disclosure I've
spent time with her husband because he
did he was doing a documentary and he
spent an afternoon with me interviewing
me so I know Brooke Baldwin's
husband and I've messaged with Brooke a
few times have appeared on her show and
the messages were mostly about setting
up the interview with her husband so
just in terms of full disclosure I've
had some contacts with her and she's
very nice and her husband is very nice
so that's that's my bias is that they're
both nice people politics aside if you
can do that
she wrote a great write-up about her
experience with the coronavirus then I
tweeted maybe yesterday
the day before but you can also see it
on CNN's website it's really well
written so you should you should check
it out because it's completely absent of
politics there's no politics in it it is
just a personal account that is really
compelling and well-written and
absolutely worth your time all right
let's talk about Kim jong-un well what
we know about that is that we don't know
anything about it we don't know anything
about Kim Jong gun
so if you think he is dead or you think
he's brain dead or you think he's alive
it's just a gas I mean the best the best
evidence we have is that he didn't
attend one event but I mean it's
possible he's not attending events just
to stay away from coronavirus so if
somebody says Jenna daya Bella has it on
Fox okay I didn't know that
and I and I don't know did she get it
while she was staying home well I guess
we wouldn't know all right so thank you
for that fact check so there are more
famous people getting it you know I've
said that personally I'm not going to
get real panicked about the corona virus
and from the health impact part for me
personally until there's one celebrity
that I know who dies from it it has to
be under 70 because you know somebody
over 70 dying is no surprise but the
first time I hear that somebody famous
could be in sports or any any domain and
they're under 70 and they die from the
corona virus that's when I will get
worried because this is my irrational
you know the irrational mind there's no
logic to this whatsoever so what I'm
gonna say I'm completely aware as
irrational but it still works and that
is what are the odds I would be the
first famous person to die from the
corona
well you'd have to it would be one out
of all famous people how many famous
people are there in the world that you
and I would all know their names and say
oh yeah yeah I don't even follow that
sport but I know Tiger Woods you know I
don't really watch the Kardashians but I
know what Kim Kardashian is so there are
a lot of celebrities in the world there
were a lot of famous people if you want
to use a more generic work not a single
one of them under 70 has died yet and of
all those celebrities until the first
one goes what are the odds I'm going to
be the first one so that's what I'm
thinking I know it's irrational I'm just
telling you that's how I'm thinking so I
don't I don't know if we there's not
much to say about Kim jong-un because I
think you just have to wait and see if
there's anything there at one point
there was this report based on a rumor
that Chinese doctor who had corona virus
came in to operate on Kim and that's
where he got the corona virus but none
of that is checking out apparently
there's no evidence for anything so but
you would think that North Korea would
at least show us some signs of life
if Kim were in good shape so I'm gonna
I'm gonna assume that he's got some
health issues but that's all we know now
let us speculate who would take over who
would take over if Kim leaves and
somebody says you're famous Google me
you can find out for yourself and I was
reading a michaelm Alice's tweet thread
so my caballus has a book about North
Korea he's visited there and he's got
better insight than 99.999 point of us
so he was saying that there's no clear
succession and that you just don't know
and somebody's
Joe Diffie was 61 doesn't count because
I didn't know who he was until he died
but all acknowledge that you know him
but it doesn't count because I didn't
know who he was would it be his sister
now I think there's and I think Michael
MELAS said this that the there's a very
low chance that a female would be in the
leadership ranks in North Korea because
there there are sexism so it's very
unlikely to be the sister so if it's not
the sister and I guess he's only got one
one brother left who isn't interested so
things could get really interesting over
there things could get really
interesting it makes you wonder if
whoever is next in line would maybe be
somebody who didn't have blood on their
hands if that's possible I don't know if
that's possible over there but imagine
if they got a new leader who did not
have a reputation for having been
involved in some kind of badness that we
couldn't really get behind them what if
what if they come up with a new leader
who has sort of a clean slate and has no
reputation for having killed anybody
because that that's the only leader who
could come to the United States and say
hey how about we work together because
it would really be hard for any country
to fully embrace working with Kim
jong-un even though we might hold our
noses and try because he has he has
blood on his hands but what if they come
up with a new leader and either we don't
know about any blood on their hands or
there doesn't seem to be any that's a
leader who could say I think I could
work with other countries because then
we wouldn't be you know we wouldn't be
so concerned about that yes I know John
Prine died but I'd never heard of him
either so it doesn't count unless I've
heard of them I hear Apple is planning
to build their 20/20 iPhones in Brazil
which I think would be I think means
moving there at least some of their
production out of China
you know Apple is the what I've been
watching because people have been saying
that there's not going to be decoupling
unless Apple does it because as long as
it Apple is happy to make their iPhones
in China I think every other company has
cover because Apple you know they do a
really good job of positioning
themselves as kind of a moral company
you could argue whether that's true or
false but they do a really good job of
positioning that way and if Apple is
looking to move their supply chain and
of China it doesn't have to be for
political reasons it could be just
reduced their risk then that kind of
makes it safe for everybody else to do
it so the decoupling is on nothing will
happen nothing could stop it now let's
talk about Trump's stopping of
immigration from the political
standpoint I think the Democrats are
going to say oh he's gonna win this
round because his base will love it
because it looks like they'll be
thinking well maybe it'll be permanent
it won't be permanent but it may be his
base we'll think so or some of them so
it might help his popularity his
popularity with his base might go up and
it makes it very hard to argue against
it because at this point you know who
exactly benefits from stopping
immigration during the coronavirus I
think it's mostly minorities right
wouldn't the people who would be helped
to the most be the people who are
competing for those jobs I mean it seems
to me they're the ones would be helped
the most so the president's being called
the racist for a policy that clearly is
strongly weighted toward helping you
know the black population in this
country even the other immigrants who
are already here given the illegal
immigrants who are already here
stopping immigration is good even for
the people who don't have you know
documented citizenship because the last
thing they want is more people
like that in the country because they'd
be competing for the same limited jobs
so it's sort of ridiculous that that in
this case a policy that's clearly
primarily beneficial for the minority
population in this country is being
called racist but their habit it's a
political political year Iran's
Revolutionary Guard the new head the guy
that replaced Salomon a who was killed
in the drone strike so their new chief
he unveiled a corona virus detection
device that could was a huge
breakthrough in corona virus detection
and you might be wondering why was it
being introduced by Iran's Revolutionary
Guard instead of some kind of medical
group well it turns out that even Iran's
own medical people quickly dismissed
this device as being a fraud that's
right the guy who replaced the the
strategic genius that we killed with the
drone so everybody seemed to think the
Soliman a was you know hate him or love
him he was a sort of a genius and a
master manipulator I've often said that
it does make sense to kill the top
terrorists because the number-two
terrorists often is not as amazing as
the number-one person and sometimes you
need that number-one person to really
get things going and keep it keep it
going
it seems to me that the Iran's
Revolutionary Guard chief the
replacement of the genius Solomon a is
so dumb that he fell for a fake fake
device that was probably a shoebox full
of twine that he thought could detect
coronavirus from a distance that's the
guy who's the head of their
Revolutionary Guard now he fell for a
hoax that there was a device that
apparently this same device had been
used in other hoaxes it was even or it
was even a retread of a
so yeah somebody says it's a hydrocarbon
detector or something I don't know what
it is but or maybe that was what the
other the other hoax was so I don't
think we have to worry about Iran's
Revolutionary Guard employing genius
strategies against us cuz it doesn't
look like they have a gene just running
it some what I'm saying there's a weird
little story about Chris Cuomo breaking
quarantine because of course he has the
corona virus and there's a story that he
went and visited some other property he
owns that was under construction and he
got in an altercation with a a bicycle
er who recognized him and thought he
should be in quarantine and if that's
true then people are wondering what is
this video of Chris Cuomo emerging from
his basement for the first time if he's
been driving around if he's been driving
around to places and visiting is he
really emerging from his basement from
the first time in two weeks and here's
my spin on it reality TV is not exactly
reality TV if you know what I mean
reality TV is always a little bit
scripted right if you watch any reality
TV show all of the people involved have
a little idea where the producers want
him to go they might go in their own way
about the you know the producers know
where they wanted to go so when Chris
Bobo on the video emerged from the
basement of his house I guess his older
daughter was videoing it his reunion
with his other daughters as his wife
upstairs and of course they couldn't hug
or kiss or anything because he's still
showing a little distance but it was
filmed as though it was the first moment
that he had emerged from his basement
but
is that a lie is it a lie because
there's this other video of him being on
the bicycle or not a video of him but
there's a report that he was out of his
basement and going somewhere I'm gonna
rank this as gray area all right I rank
it as gray area because the way the
Chris Cuomo emerges from his basement
video was presented it could be
interpreted as simply the first time
he's going upstairs do you know where
his family is now I don't know if he had
to go upstairs to get out of the house
but it could be interpreted as it really
was the first time he was sort of in the
same room with his family in two weeks
that could be which would be true enough
honestly you know for my personal
standards that would be true enough
remember I'm the guy who says that when
President Trump uses hyperbole you know
calling it a lie they're sort of making
too much of a big deal about it
because you know it's you know it's
exaggeration if you just understand that
you don't really need the fact check it
if you understand what it is
likewise if it's true that Chris Cuomo
got in a you know drove his car
somewhere to get out of the house
maybe his parent and maybe his family
was error in the separate car you don't
know you don't know what the story was
and just visited a property kept his
distance you know we know there was no
report that he was getting close to
anybody right so if in fact he left his
house visited a property kept his
distance went back to his house but the
only time he'd ever gone upstairs in his
own house was the video we saw yeah
that's close to reality I'll give him a
pass on that so in in the in the realm
of news and reality it's close enough to
true it's close enough right you know he
wasn't upset
aerosol week it's close enough I give
him a pass I have a theory that all it
will take for online education which got
a big boost of course from everybody
staying home from school etc I think the
only thing that's left for it to really
just replace education in person in the
classroom is a search engine I think all
you would need is a search engine that
could find any class on a topic across
all platforms so right now there are a
bunch of siloed teaching platforms and
there's a lot of stuff on YouTube you
could if you could find that with a
search engine but it would just be the
YouTube stuff I don't think you could
easily search and compare so what what
I'd be looking for is something like
Yelp for online education you know I
want to go up to a site and say I would
like to learn you know I don't know data
security or something and or your
geometry or taking English grammar class
or whatever and I want to type into the
search engine and I don't want it like a
yelp review I wanted to tell me all the
all the videos on that all the classes
you could find online and then where to
find them so in some cases I might have
to sign up for udemy or you know any one
of dozens of different online you know
colleges but I'd know which one I needed
and they don't cost much to sign up so
you could create you could you know if
you said ah darn it I've got to take one
class from this online platform then pay
money for it and have to take this other
class from another online platform and
I'd have to be a subscriber to that too
but you're not talking about much money
you're talking about you could google it
but you wouldn't get reviews so it's the
reviews it's it's this knowing which
ones are the good ones
that makes the makes it good yeah so the
Khan Academy etc so so there are lots of
places you can find things but there's
no one place where you can search for I
want to class on this top
and get a list across platforms with
reviews because I don't think people
would mind signing up for let's say
udemy for whatever it is per month
because you could pay for the whole
month and it's you know dozens of
dollars I don't know what it costs is
pretty low amount and it would be
cheaper than going to college buy so
much that it would still be worth it
anyway that's what I think apparently
according to Kenmore who tweets out that
Peter Thiel's company Palantir has
created dashboards that are a single
source for health officials to track
supply chain stuff for PPE
and ventilators and so on so you know I
was I was shouting from the early days
of the coronavirus where is my dashboard
so that I don't have to listen to the
task force give numbers and a context I
can just look at it and say oh these
hospitals are low on PPE but here's the
pipeline and I'd know what's going on so
I guess palate Peter Till's company did
that in the article that also was
interesting I guess teal pulled back his
employees from overseas earlier than
basically anybody so why is that the
Peter teal could see the future and we
can't well how does he keep doing this
you know I mean the reason the Peter
teal is a billionaire and you're not is
that he could see things early right
invested in Facebook early etc and and
he did it again
so you I guess his company was like the
first one to pull their employees back
to the United States you know in
February and I thought to myself is it a
coincidence is it a coincidence he keeps
seeing the future and you don't probably
not all right see what else we got going
on here what's up with the lack of an T
file are you surprised that an Tifa
are you surprised that an Tifa is not
protesting the shutdown - for the
economy because what could be more
fascist according to them than the
government overruling pretty much
everything in civil liberties and you
know talking about you know chipping us
and putting ankle bracelets on us and
armbands and you know carry IDs and
stuff which by the way I don't think
these are all bad ideas I'm just
wondering why anti fun doesn't is there
some reason an tyfa is so quiet yeah
somebody says it's because schools are
closed maybe maybe if a lot of them were
college kids that could be part of it
but you would think this is when they
should be most active and it just kind
of shows that it was always a fake
organization in the first place partly
fake in the sense that probably funded
by outside sources and also fake in the
sense it was more of a lifestyle
movement it was about the fun of the
event as much as it was about politics I
think that's my personal opinion
based on hearing interviews with at
least one person who was a member who
confirmed that in his opinion and the
people he talked to an anti foul a lot
of it was lifestyle it wasn't even about
the end end result late last month this
was from I think a Fox News report the
Trump admission administration officials
ignited a quest to root out with
suspected spies from prominent US media
outlets and don't you wonder how big a
deal that is how big a deal are Chinese
spies or just foreign spies in general
and our big media outlets including the
the other social media platforms plus
the news
how big a deal do you think that is now
I don't know I don't know how big a deal
is but I've said before and I'll
reiterate that you should expect the
in the long run I don't know how long
their own long run is I don't know if
we're in the long run or approaching the
long run but in the long run you should
expect all of the social media platforms
and news platforms to be essentially
captured by intelligence services
because it's too valuable not to it
would be crazy if the it would be crazy
if our CIA is not trying to capture
foreign news entities at least the ones
that are not owned by their own
government it would be crazy if other
foreign entities are not trying to put
spies into our platforms and given that
they have so much to gain and and they
can lose the spy now and then you know
nobody's going to stop spying because a
spy got caught so from the perspective
of a foreign country there's this
gigantic thing to be gained if you can
get some control of any of any parts of
the media in another country gigantic
gains to be had with no risk at all
because we catch spies all the time and
you sort of ship in the home or you send
some diplomats home but basically we
don't do anything we don't do anything
so it's a it's a free slap so what are
the odds that China and Russia and who
knows who else what are the odds that
they're not already deeply embedded into
our social media and news platforms it
would be crazy to assume it's not
already happening and if it hasn't
already happened completely my
prediction is it has to happen in the
long run there's no there's no force to
counterbalance it it's like you know if
the if the agencies try to get in and
control any given platform and it
doesn't work on the first try what are
they going to do if the first attempt
doesn't work they're not going to stop
there's nothing that would stop them
they would just try again different
person different way
so given that the intelligence agencies
have so much to gain nothing to lose
that would stop them I mean they can
lose spies but that doesn't stop us my
agency that's part of the deal
you should just assume that they will
all be co-opted by intelligence agencies
I know I don't see how it could go any
other way because there's no
counterbalance you can't catch them all
and there's too much the game all right
I think I've talked about everything
that works talked about today I believe
I have somebody says why forget Israel
Israel is in the category of everybody
else in the world who has a good
Intelligence Agency you should assume
that all of our allies are also trying
to influence our social media so why
would why would Israel be any different
it'd be crazy if they didn't try
likewise it would be crazy if France and
Great Britain weren't trying a little
bit to influence us
somebody says where's Adam Schiff he's
been kind of quiet doesn't he isn't it
weird that all of the Russia collusion
stuff and whatever's going to happen
with Durham and you know who may or may
not go to jail oh I have a question
about that I'm wondering about so we're
all expecting that you know the
coronavirus is sort of keeping the
regular news from coming at us as
quickly as it would and so we're not
really watching as much as we normally
would
events with the whole steel dossier and
the Russian collusion and stuff and I
was wondering what the penalty would be
if anybody at a high level got convicted
for trying to overthrow the President of
the United States is there a penalty for
that and I'm just going to google it
right now
so so treason would be if you levied war
against your own country in this case
the United States or adheres to their
enemy giving the aid and comfort within
the United States or elsewhere is guilty
of treason and she'll suffer death or
shall be in present less than five years
okay
so that was the question I wanted to
have an answer to because I was
wondering if it's always the death
penalty apparently it's not it's not the
death penalty necessarily so it could be
over five years so it says not less than
five years or you could be fined but and
fine so you can be fine and five years
not necessarily death but I don't know
if it would be considered treason unless
our intelligence agencies were working
for the benefit of an enemy whoever oil
is levies war against them orienteers to
their enemies so I guess enemy would be
the key word here and there's there's
probably lots of constitutional law and
stuff that I don't know about that so or
somebody's saying sedition all right
sedition see what the penalty for
sedition is or even what it is not even
sure I know what the sedition is so
serious it's a serious felony punishable
by fines and up to 20 years in prison is
the act of inciting revolt or violence
against a lawful authority with the goal
okay yeah it's punishable by fines at up
to 20 years in present yeah so that
would certainly fit the definition of
what we believe to be true about the
steel dossier that did look like it was
wait no is it didn't look like it was
inciting a revolt depends if the revolt
has to be violent can a can a bloodless
coup be the result of sedition I don't
know so I guess we got lots of
questions on that I was just wondering
if it was literally possible that any of
the the people involved in the steel
dossier from the Russia collusion hoax I
was wondering if any of them had at
least a risk of the death penalty and I
would say not it looks looks like not
yeah apparently an internal coup against
the president doesn't get you the death
penalty according to our laws did you
hear the hot mic moment yeah so there
was a open mic when John Roberts of Fox
News was waiting for the task force or
somebody to come on and he was chatting
with I guess the tech was working the AV
and they were chatting and somehow I
listened to the whole thing and somehow
people believe there's something in
there that's like a new conspiracy
theory because the the tech guy said
that they'd all been vaccinated because
they were joking about coronavirus
exposure and the guy said he they'd all
been vaccinated to which I said what
vaccination so it should be seen in the
context of two people who knew each
other who didn't think anybody was
listening
except whoever was in the room and they
were just talking crap all right so I
don't know what the tech guy meant when
he said we've all been vaccinated but it
was probably a joke and then John
Roberts said something about the the
news is that it the thing might be less
deadly than we thought but of course
here's the problem with I I feel like
I'm going to say something this is
obvious as when I said face mask
obviously work even when every medical
expert on TV was telling you they didn't
and I was still saying no I'm pretty
sure they work this feels like another
one of those situations the news that
we're hearing is that if it's true that
the corona virus is far more widespread
than we think then that would also mean
it's a rel
a weak virus meaning it doesn't kill
many people as a percentage and it might
not kill any more people than the
regular flu at least during during the
lockdown it doesn't but if you have one
that's the same deadliness as the
regular flu but it's far more viral
correct me if I'm wrong super viral what
only kills the same percentage of people
as a regular flu is still super bad
compared to the regular flu
can anybody fact check me on that is
that not screamingly obvious that
there's no good news from the fact that
lots of people have it without symptoms
there's no good news in there right am I
wrong
because everybody's acting like that's
good news and I don't see any good news
I see something that's exactly as deadly
as it is because it's filling up ER
rooms and ICUs and we're also looking at
a situation with full you know full
mitigation so I think everybody on
television who says hey lots of people
have it with those symptoms therefore
it's not that dangerous I think they're
just wrong right then it's exactly as
dangerous as we thought look at the
comments you'll see some people saying
you're wrong and you'll see people
saying you're not wrong and somebody
somebody says it's just math right I
think it is I think it's just math that
it's just as bad no matter what we find
about how many people have it without
symptoms I think all right I've got to
go get ready for a podcast with a
representative dan Crenshaw don't you
want to watch that
it'll be recorded I believe so I'll tell
you what it is but don't you want to see
me Dan Crenshaw interview me on his
podcast come on you know you want to see
that you know you want to see that I got
to go get ready for that I'll talk to
you tonight you know what