I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom happy
you fit the July everybody it's good to
see ya come on in come on in there's
plenty of room yes what a day we got
lots of stuff to talk about but first
before we talk about all this stuff
there's something you need to do
something you need to do every morning
it's called the simultaneous it makes
everything better yeah it does and all
you need is a cup of Margar glass of
tank your Challenger Stein the canteen
checker flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure that dopamine hit
of the day the thing that makes
everything better including fireworks
and pandemics racism you name it it's
all better with the simultaneous imp let
us bring the country together go and for
my international viewers we'll bring the
world together a second step for
inclusivity hmm very good very good
can you feel the unity I think he can a
little bit because you feel in a way you
feel exactly like you did a minute ago
but with slightly more unity you feel it
I think you do well as you know
fireworks were banned and outlawed last
night because of all the dangers but it
was also the fourth of July sometimes
called Independence Day at least for a
part of the country and I don't think
the citizens of the United States gave a
 what the government said last night
I think everybody's just done with the
government it feels like people said
wait it's independent stay and the
government's telling us we can't do
how about we just do twice as much of
that today well how about we just
actually have an actual Independence Day
and just say everything and
everybody and just send off fireworks
mingle to our death and live our lives
you know I'm I'm simultaneously thrilled
and appalled by how by how Americans
acted last night you know the the
appalled part is that obviously people
acted in ways that are clearly unsafe
and not recommended do I recommend that
people act in ways that are unsafe
health-wise or fire wires or otherwise
no I do not recommend that but when they
do it I like them better I don't know I
can't explain those two feelings I'm
just just gonna have to be happy with
having two conflicting feelings it's
like no don't do that
well I'm glad you did I'm up to 500,000
followers a little bit more you might
call that half a million oh there was
something if you didn't see the the
videos of the the wide shots of all the
fireworks going off in LA last night you
have to have to look for that video
because it's just sort of I don't know
where it's taken from a high building or
a mountain or something and then the
entire Los Angeles was just exploding
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
I thought I heard more fireworks last
night locally just inside my house I
could hear more explosions it sounded
like it was in the middle of a war zone
anyway I've got half a million followers
as I told you when I reach a million
followers
I will effectively be running the world
now the reasoning behind that is that
influence has two parts one is how much
talent you have for influence but the
other is how many people are paying
attention so if I can get a million
people to pay attention to say a million
followers that I'm pretty dangerous I'm
halfway there there was an article in
The Guardian about magic mushrooms
you know psychedelic mushrooms and once
again just there just continues to be
mounting anecdotal and other evidence
the psychedelic drugs and mushrooms
being one of them helped people with
PTSD now given the enormity of PTSD
especially last night how many people
got triggered last night who had
military experience probably probably a
few and we know that the psychedelic
mushrooms almost certainly I would say
at this point the odds of these being
effective medically without much of a
downside it's close to a hundred percent
you know when we talked about
hydroxychloroquine and I still put the
odds of that at thirty percent that it's
gonna make a big deal even though some
of the studies say yes so so that's just
so you can gauge my level of certainty
hydroxychloroquine lots of evidence and
still lie just saying I had thirty
percent chance that that's really
something important but with the
psychedelic mushrooms I think is closer
to a hundred percent because it's just
so universally true if if you gave
hydroxychloroquine to ten people and I
know them said that just made all the
difference
you'd probably stop studying you know if
it was that obvious that it made a
difference we wouldn't even be studying
hydroxychloroquine we would just say
alright we just gave it to everybody
nine out of ten people have got better
to the you know now or after they got it
and psychedelic mushrooms are sort of
like that you know one trip and people
say you know I think
solve that problem and it's so
consistent the fact that the United
States keeps that illegal so there it's
hard to experiment with even in this
country so researchers can't do what
they need to do because of government
regulations if if Kanye ran on their
platform of getting rid of these weird
drug laws
I don't you probably win but the
president should get rid of those anyway
did you see the article in The New York
Times suggesting that offices might need
to spray bleach all over their equipment
have you heard that
yeah the New York Times is reporting
that that because the World Health
Organization is saying that the virus
stays airborne for a while they might
have to spray bleach all over your
computers and your electronics every day
in the office
oh they didn't say that oh oh they
didn't say that
so it's not true well I rather write in
the article they said they said from the
New York Times article said that they
were thinking they might need a UV light
in offices as a disinfectant
that's bleach isn't it that they I'm
sure they taught us that because I used
to think UV light was just a part of the
light spectrum which happened to have
the quality that it kills viruses and
back in the old days I thought oh well
there it's just the light but once the
president mentioned using UV light as a
disinfectant I was reading it to find
out that when the president says UV
light could be used as a disinfectant
potentially even in the lungs because
they they're testing putting it on a
ventilator or just ventilating your
lungs directly with light I mean not
ventilating but disinfecting but the
mainstream media has taught me that what
that really means is bleach so even if
you say UV light
what you mean is actually just bleach
so they they wanted to spray bleach all
over offices I think unless I'm confused
by the article so the Washington Post
the New York Times and every dead
brained Democrat has decided that the
the phrase for the summer will be
darkened divisive so the president's
speech at Mount Rushmore was darkened
divisive darkened divisive that's really
good it's actually better than dark you
remember they got some extra expert
advice in the last election the
Democrats and after the president's
campaign speech at his whatever he
called the Republican convention they
all said it's a dark speech it's dark
dark dark but now they've upgraded it to
dark and divisive dark and divisive is
better and dark was pretty good so so
the Democrats have cranked it up and the
I would say the quality of their
campaign now is pretty good it's pretty
good so I'll talk about that in a minute
so it's it's really shocking and amazing
if you happen to be aware of you're
aware of your environment which many
people are not and you read how the
press has clearly colluded it's obvious
that the press has gotten together they
all got the memo they're working for the
Democrats we don't have any question
about that anymore because they all come
up with the same phrases at the same
time there's there's no doubt about it
and for them to turn that speech into
what they turned it into it it's just
amazing that people can read these
publications and come away well away
from the thinking that they're even
trying to put trying to produce news the
fact that anybody thinks these are news
organizations say more is mind boggling
but anyway that's that I had my own
complaints about the president speech
because he uses words culture and
heritage
in ways that I think either are intended
to be divisive in the sense that they're
good for the base but not good for the
general election or or he doesn't know
the difference and there's nobody on the
on the team who can tell him the
difference because honestly if I heard
heritage and culture and I thought that
my background or my my let's say my
ancestors history was mostly slavery and
then the ripple effect from slavery
I would not be looking to celebrate
heritage and culture I would feel like
hey that's white people heritage and
culture so I would say that is a the one
complaint that well it's not the only
complaint that they have a good point on
but it's one complaint they do have a
good point on and to the extent that the
president continues using words like
that and the and the Republicans do
those are losing words in a sense in
other words those are the words you use
if you're not really trying to win
honestly and some of us have had some
question about whether the president is
really in at this time
now I've heard other people say I think
Mike Serna fish says this that the
President's speech at Mount Rushmore was
actually a strong rallying cry for the
base you know was no more apologizing it
was more of a more of an aggressive you
know statement of how things should be
and it was all of those things but it
was also included things like culture
and heritage now I know what you want to
do you want to say no those words mean X
don't tell me those words mean this
other thing because they don't mean
those I we mean these words to mean a
way of life that includes let's say you
know a strong family unit things which
have nothing to do with race don't tell
me I'm not the one you have to convince
I'm simply telling you that if you want
to lose an election use those words I
don't care how you to find them I'm just
saying that those are election lose
words in my opinion now could it be that
those are such strong words for the base
that it gets more vote out and I imagine
that that's the calculation but I think
the it also reads the mood of the
country wrong because none of it needed
to be said you could get to the same
place without using those words for
example you could say let us appreciate
you know the the history that was not
kind well you know let us understand it
and study it but let us take the things
which have worked well for our country
for hundreds of years and they've always
worked well and try to build unity
around it and if you said it that way
then you could go out and say we think
strong family you know family bonds are
good we think you know whatever
education whatever you want to say so
you could say anything you wanted and it
was sound unifying it would also sound
perfectly good for Republicans because
you'd still say yes we think your family
unit should stay together yeah we think
God helps Republicans would say yeah
that's exactly what I'm talking about
but if you try to capture all those
concepts which are strong concepts if
you try to capture them in words that
the other side says means something else
to them well you're not really trying to
win all right that would be sort of how
not to win now I realize that there's an
argument to be made that other people
should not define what your words mean
if you don't mean them that way hey I
don't mean it that way so why are you
taking it that way I would say that that
is a childlike view of the world meaning
that our words if we mean to persuade
people we should choose our words
carefully if we don't want to persuade
people well go ahead and use whatever
words you want if it's not your
intention to change anybody's mind use
any where do you want it doesn't matter
if other people don't like it you're not
trying to change their mind anyway but
it's the whole point and I think that is
the point in an election
is to get people to vote for you why
would you use the words that guarantee
they won't I don't understand it because
there are other words that are just as
good for your side why would you use the
words that are only good for your side
when there are words that are good for
your side and the other side seems like
a strange choice and now compare the
president's approach which I think you
would agree seems primarily aimed at the
base maybe you don't agree but that's
that's my starting point
compare that to Joe Biden's speech which
he gave sort of his own version of a
fourth of July speech and I retweeted it
without comment because it was good I
can do that right sorry but as everybody
okay with me
retweeting Biden who you know I've
endorsed just for my safety but I don't
agree with his policies I don't think
he's you know necessarily all there but
I'm allowed to retweet him when he does
something good right and I thought he is
I thought he is fourth of July message
about unity was very good in a
Republican way in a Republican way
that's right Joe Biden did a Republican
speech for the fourth of July and by
that I mean he did not say you're all a
bunch of racists he did not say black
lives matter he didn't say they you know
he just didn't address race at all he
just said unity America America unity
we're all Americans
it was very Republican so who was he
talking to was Joe Biden talking to his
base he was not which is interesting
so Biden was trying to persuade
Republicans mostly while Trump was
trying to persuade Republicans
interesting which one of those is the
better strategy I'm not sure we know but
it's interesting that they've chosen
those
because you know we like we like to see
what turns out there was something else
that Joe Biden said that I thought was
worthy of tweeting retweeting he said
this statement which I know you disagree
with okay all right so in advance I know
you disagree with the following things
that I say and also Joe Biden said and I
agree with him he said wearing masks is
patriotic wearing masks is patriotic do
you agree I totally agree I totally
agree and I will allow that you might
disagree about wearing masks you might
say to yourself hey it's a free country
am i arguing that you didn't hear me
argue that right did I say that you have
to wear a mask I did not did I say that
you know you're a bad person if you
don't wear a mask did not did I did not
I don't have any insults for you if you
if you choose independence over wearing
masks I have no comment that's the
choice you have but I would say this it
is a known understood medical fact
alcohol in fact they're wearing masks
might protect other people now would you
call that patriotic if you're doing
something which is a personal sacrifice
something you don't want to do it's a
personal sacrifice and you do it for the
purpose of protecting other Americans
what would you call that what do you
call it when somebody personally
sacrifices for the benefit of other
Americans patriotic its patriotic I
completely agree with Joe Biden now if
you disagree with that let me reiterate
I'm not saying that you're wrong to go
with that amount I'm not saying you're
wrong I'm not saying that you can't have
a different opinion about the experts
opinion of whether it's good absolutely
you can
I'm not saying that you should curtail
your personal freedom just because other
people think you should I'm not telling
you that I'm giving you a personal
opinion that if you sacrifice for the
benefit of other people and here's the
important part
your sacrifice for the benefit of other
people might not be guaranteed meaning
that you may say to yourself I'm not a
hundred percent sure this makes any
difference at all right because we can't
be a hundred percent sure that it works
that mask works you're just you know the
odds are good so what would you call it
if you were even a hundred percent sure
it made any difference
it was totally what you didn't want to
do it's completely a sacrifice and the
only reason you're doing it is to
protect other Americans patriotic you
may you may you are welcome to disagree
you're welcome to disagree and I won't
even argue with you it's just my
personal opinion of that so I thought
things were calming down for 2020 no I
didn't really think that but last night
Kanye decides that he's in the race yay
is running now all we know so far as
they he tweeted it and now we're
starting to learn how practical or
impractical that is because people who
are smarter than I am are doing some
googling and they're saying things like
somebody says wearing burkas is
patriotic the does that analogy I think
I have to respond to your bad analogies
the does that analogy make sense you
think of burka and a medically required
face mask that might last a few months
those are kind of similar to you
somebody says control I said you could
not wear a mask what control am i
putting on you no control somebody says
I'd call this stupid you're welcome to
master a sign of slavery something says
fine no argument you can have any
opinion of it you want
but you must wear wess because experts
are wrong 90% of the time perfectly
acceptable it is perfectly acceptable
for you to say the experts have been so
wrong I'm not gonna do this now I would
have a different opinion but I'm not
going to tell you that's an unacceptable
opinion somebody says they wear a mask
to protect themselves okay fair enough
all right so none of you had good
comments but there there were lots of
them I'm sure I missed some of them were
I probably missed all the good ones all
right he did not say he'd run in 2020
well his tweet did because it said Kanye
2020
all right so Kanye says he's running
does he mean it let's get to the
questions does he mean it I doubt it
I doubt he means in the sense that he's
going to do anything about it
you know I doubt he's gonna campaign I
doubt he's gonna do the paperwork I
doubt it but just for fun
what if he did what if God Nia did win
it looks like there are enough states
that he can't win in that he probably
couldn't just wind in a straight-up way
but if you were right in let's say can
you write into anybody you want I have
some questions about that but I think
you can write in to anybody right those
are a law against writings so is it
technically possible now even if you won
in the voting booth apparently there's
another problem that's a little more
technical you're supposed to have
electoral college people who are
basically backing up your vote I'll give
it to you in the non-technical way so if
you're running for office and you don't
have electors already set up in each
state then even if you win the state
there's nobody to cast your vote because
just winning the popular vote or winning
the state doesn't get you elected
it's the Electoral College so if you
don't have your own electoral college
there's no humans who have that job
for you to cast that vote for you then
maybe there's no way to do it because
the system requires those there's
electoral college people to exist now
could all that be put in place probably
I mean nothing is impossible
now the big question is if Kanye
actually ran who would he take votes
away from I think he would take them
away from the Democrats would you agree
would you agree that Kanye would just
completely wipe out Biden's vote you
know not completely but he would take
enough of it so it would it would make
the difference but let's ask this more
interesting question what if Biden just
sort of dropped out what if Kanye took
so many votes away from Biden that Biden
looked at the polls and he went from a
commanding lead over Trump to 20 points
behind let's say that happened and then
that poll those polls showed that for a
few weeks in a row that Kanye didn't
have a majority he had you know a solid
chunk but it took Biden down to say 20
points below Trump a few months before
the election
what would be I didn't do ask yourself
what would by didn't do well of course
everybody would say Kanye Kanye get out
of the race you gotta let Biden win but
woody I don't think you would have
announced if you wanted Biden to win
woody you don't really announce that
you're gonna run for president if you
think the other guy that's already in it
is the guy and again my guess is that
Kanye is not completely serious about
running may be you seeing what's gonna
happen and then maybe he'll decide after
he sees what the reaction is I don't
know yeah anything's possible that the
thing we love about Kanye among other
things is that he's not predictable if
you were predictable what do you like
him as much no no he's an artist all the
time part of being an artist all the
time you know not just when you're
making this
or you know making some fashion or
something he's an artist all the time so
he's always interesting
he's always surprising and it's always
fresh you're like okay I haven't seen
that before so predicting what Kanye
would do is always that this is a tricky
business but imagine if Joe Biden said
ah right amount because under these
conditions I don't ever have a chance to
win
good luck Kanye do it you can just
imagine that happened it's not
impossible if Biden were 20 points down
a month before the election and the only
way you could get rid of Trump was Kanye
being elected right you see it don't you
if you think he doesn't have a play he
kind of does kinda does which was
brilliant because if he doesn't win
nobody's really gonna hold it against
them right nobody's gonna say how Kanye
you ran for president and you didn't
make it
you loser no because the way he's doing
it if he's doing it at all doesn't look
like a regular campaign it would never
be held against him to not be elected
president in 2020 but suppose it worked
he could is it impossible not really
it's not really impossible and if you
saw a straight-up election between Kanye
and Trump I actually don't know who
would win then actually I take it back
Kanye would win I think Anya would win
straight up I think you would now here's
the other thing that might come to this
I've said before that I didn't think
Kanye would run for president in a
serious way and we still don't know how
serious is but I said I didn't think it
because it would be a demotion there's
nobody else who could run for president
wind and you'd look at it and say that's
kind of a demotion and I don't mean
because Kanye is is famous you know I
don't mean a demotion in that sense I
mean that what he's been doing for
last a couple years if you haven't been
paying attention as he's been doing sort
of that I guess a Christian revival or I
don't know you call it but he's going
very heavily into a spiritual direction
in my opinion the country needs that
more than they need a new president
right because that's there's sort of a
spiritual void or something you know I'm
not a religious person but I even I can
feel that people are drifting they need
some kind of a connection to something
bigger than themselves it's just useful
so could Kanye be something more than a
president I believe he already is could
running for president or even teasing
that he's running for president help his
real job as a spiritual unifier which is
what I think his greater purpose could
be I think it's all good anything that
drives attention to Kanye was good for
me yeah in the sense that I think it's
good for the country
all right of course I had to announce oh
let me give you another way that Kanye
could be the kingmaker yes or no
whichever way the black vote goes that
will determine the next president we're
all on the same page of that right if
the black vote moved you know in mass to
Republicans which is now doesn't look
like that's going to happen but follow
the logic of this if the black vote went
in mass let's say 60% of them and voted
Republican it would guarantee Trump got
elected we're all on board right that's
just math likewise if 95 percent vote
Democrat pretty much guarantees the
Democrat will win so I would say that
black voters have complete control of
the next president am i right now I
don't know if the black lives matter
protesters are quite understanding that
they already run the country because
they do in the sense that they get to
decide to as president but as
others have said they have abdicated or
they've left free money on the table
meaning that as long as you can depend
on them voting democrat nobody has to
offer anything they've given away all
their power by being predictable
Democrat voters now imagine if you will
Kanye enters the conversation could
Kanye end racism in the United States
yes here's how all right and I I'm not
saying he's going to do this I'm just
this is just a mental experiment could
Kanye end racism without becoming
president yes here's how okay as I've
described before if everybody had a good
education that would still be racism in
the world but you know you can't get rid
of the way brains are organized and let
me start with an analogy to soften you
up let me ask you this let's say you had
a problem there's a risk of drowning
what do you do about a problem that's a
risk of drowning and if you live on the
planet Earth there's water all over the
place
you got your swimming pools you got your
lakes you got your streams you got
bathtubs you've got oceans there's all
kinds of places all over the United
States that you can drown so that's a
problem what are you gonna do well one
solution would be to remove all the
water from earth but it's not very
practical is it you might even call it
impossible the other way to go is to
learn to swim or to build a boat or to
have some life preservers on you now
this feels very unfair doesn't it
because if you're a person who may or
may not drown is it your fault that
there's water everywhere it's not your
fault
right it's really not anybody's fault
it's just the way it is
so if you can't remove all the water
from earth the only thing you can do is
sort of learn to deal with it
this is much like racism in my opinion
racism is everywhere in the world that
there are people because bias is built
into the way any normal brain is
organized it sees patterns and then acts
on the pattern but the trouble is were
really bad at recognizing patterns we
can't tell confirmation bias in other
words a fake pattern from one that's an
actual pattern we can't tell the
difference and you've seen this a
thousand times in 20/20 alone people
will look at the same news they'll say
well here's the pattern and somebody
else will look at and say no this other
pattern is the one that matters we're
terrible at pattern recognition so black
lives matter would like to reduce or
eliminate racism in this country can it
be done no no it can't be done you can't
even be reduced it's not possible the
only thing you can do is learn to swim
you can learn to swim you can't get rid
of the water you can learn to swim and
so imagine a imagine Kanye with this
proposition again I'm not predicting
anything will happen but you can imagine
imagine Kanye says something like this
here's the deal if you get education
right and and you can make sure that
every poor person but black people is
who we're talking about but every poor
person can have a real good education
then the perceived racism in a
generation will look a lot less because
everybody that an employer talks to will
be somebody who's well educated they're
not going to say well odds are or
anything like that those to say hey
well-educated kids they're all good if
you can educate everybody equally
you wouldn't eliminate any racism but it
would be such a better world because you
could slice through the racism like it
didn't exist so if you could slice
through it
like it doesn't exist is there racism
well let me ask you this does Kanye
experience much racism in his personal
life things that he is discriminated
against because he's black I don't know
yeah there may be things that he feels
are offensive but I don't think racism
bothers Kanye why is it because racism
doesn't exist no it's exactly the same
everywhere in the world but Kanye is not
bothered by it
it just doesn't affect his life in any
way at least on the big stuff right I'm
sure there are you know offensive little
things and things you imagined and
things that are true that are in the you
know in the noise now we can't all
become Kanye if you could become Kanye
or Michael Jordan or Oprah the last
thing you worry about in your own
personal life is the racism that people
are applying to you
it could be annoying it's not gonna
change your income you're gonna slice
through life like it didn't exist if
everybody had a good education they
could do the same thing so imagine Kanye
saying I'm neither Republican nor a
Democrat but if we don't get education
right for everybody for everybody being
the secret sauce we're never gonna have
a better world here's what I propose
that whoever makes the best offer on
education will get my endorsement so
imagine imagine that Kanye develops
enough of a support base that he's
actually polling with like 20% of the
vote so this is just mental experiment
he stays in the race conceptually the
next poll that comes out says he has 20%
support well now you have to listen to
him right because if he decides to
endorse somebody it's gonna matter so
now you say let's say Kanye gets a 20%
of the poll and he says look I don't
know who's gonna win but here's my deal
for you America
Republicans give me your best offer for
what school would look
like for everybody to make sure that you
absolutely get a good education no
matter who you are or where you're born
what's your proposal
now Republicans say something like
school choice they'll say something like
charter schools and guess what those
things are very popular in the black
community the Republicans have a
proposal for education which as far as I
can tell is far more popular among black
voters because what would they like more
than a choice of where to go to school I
mean that's that's pretty pretty high on
the list of things that can fix
everything right you get your school
right
so imagine condi is saying look I'm
neither Republican nor Democrat I've got
20 percent of the vote behind me and get
asked for one thing tell me which of you
guys has a proposal Democrats your
proposal is that these that the school
unions own you and you're not going to
do a thing is that is that your
proposal it is okay
debt Republicans what's your proposal
and I'm not talking about college
because any black kid who's got good
grades it's gonna find a way to get to
college we get the training they need or
skip college because maybe it's not so
important anymore learn to code whatever
but you got to get there early school
right you know so Bernie's talking about
free college well that's great but you
got to get the early stuff right so if
Kanye could say here's my deal I'm gonna
go with whoever it could fix racism and
the only way to do it is to fix schools
and fix it for everybody you give me the
best proposal for that and you have my
endorsement and then Kanye is not
technically the president but he fixes
racism in one generation fixes it I mean
because if the proposals are good and
when I say fix it I do not mean reduce
it because you can't you just make it
less important that's fixing it all
right here's my
campaign slogan I've also announced that
I'm going to run for president I have a
few requirements so I don't want to do
any paperwork so I've announced on
Twitter I'm running for president but
without the paperwork I also need to
work from home I'm not about commuting
and another big requirement is this is
my only policy proposal all foreign
dignitaries have to wear name tags
I'm not going to memorize all of these
names of foreign dignitaries I'm just
not so it's my one proposal just wear
name tags just just do me a solid only
when you're visiting I also have a
campaign slogan that I think I think is
quite good and it goes like this black
lives matter more than others now you
might say to yourself whoa Scott you
can't say that you can't say any group
matters more than others to which I say
well I do not need your looser
philosophies I know how to negotiate
everything's a negotiation in politics
right even if you're not calling it a
negotiation it's kind of a negotiation
why would you if you are selling the
product why would your first offer be
the lowest price you're willing to sell
it for why would your first offer be the
lowest price you'd start high and let
them negotiate down to a fair price
right so all good negotiation starts
with a big first ask so I would start
start with a campaign slogan of black
lives matter more than others and then
when people try to negotiate me down I'd
have to have a room to get to go down
and and then would they get down and say
hey how about we just say it's all kind
of the same and I'd say no I'm willing
to listen to that offer but my first
offer is that black lives mean a little
worth a little bit extra a little bit
extra and then people say we can't live
with that
that feels like a violation of the
Constitution but can we talk you down to
two even can
get you down to equal I'd be like I
don't know you sound a little bit racist
when you talk like that
but here's what we'll do now you've seen
lots of deals that there could be things
that are a trade off for example you
have to pay people more to work in a
dangerous job you have to pay people
more to work on a holiday alright so you
can see that discomfort and money can be
you substitutes right I'll pay you more
if you'll take a little more discomfort
so there are lots of cases where money
is a substitute so I'll say yeah I'm
willing to entertain your offer of
bringing a first offer down to roughly
equal but you're gonna have to kick in a
little extra maybe some better schooling
something so so I would just be a better
negotiator and I would get all of the
black vote that way so I might be your
next president if Kanye isn't there was
a new fake video that CNN apparently ran
and some others that seemed during the
Keith that president Trump didn't know
that Operation Desert Storm was not in
Vietnam now of course it was a deceptive
edit which they finally had to admit
wasn't true but can we learn can we
learn from now that video lies can we
all agree that video lies and that it
lies almost every time kinda lies almost
every time so if you think I saw it with
my own eyes as a thing it's like you
missed all of 20/20 anybody who says to
you I know it's true Scott I saw on the
video if anybody says that your best
answer is sue it looks like you skipped
all of 20/20 and didn't notice that if
it's on the video is probably a lie
that's why it's a viral video
all right did you see though let's talk
about a little more on Biden so I
offered a in a tweet today or I offered
a way to take him ahead of the race and
it would look like this now this assumes
that a reporter can ever talk to them
and ask questions I don't know if
that'll ever happens but there are two
questions if s then this order would
take Biden to edit the race are you
ready two questions in this order and
it's the order that matters it's gotta
be in this order takes them out of the
race number one do black lives matter we
assume he'll say yes number two here's
the key question do white lives matter
what would Joe Biden say if after you
said do black lives matter and he said
yes of course and then you say do white
lives matter what would the answer now
here's the beauty of it if you would ask
them do all lives matter he would know
that that trap is coming and and of
course he would be prepared for it right
I mean he would be prepared for it he'd
say oh let's not be divisive we all want
to live in a better world blah blah blah
so he almost certainly would have a
response ready but if you ask them
specifically do white lives matter
what's the answer to that it's stuck
it's not obvious right you would fumble
on the answer and in the fumbling of the
answer you would create the video clip
which would pretty much end his campaign
so here's my supposition that because
Biden's mental acuity is in question and
I think it looks like it's obviously
less than they used to be if you look at
old videos of Joe Biden talking it's
really obvious or something different
going on so if you ask him questions
which are of the type he is answered
before during his career and I'm not
talking about answered before as in
yesterday I'm talking about things which
he has thought about for a long time he
probably has the right kind of memory
capacity to dredge up some general
answer right you probably generally
answer somebody says stop and shaving
him for stuttering well I've never done
that because I don't shame people for
stuttering but any question that he has
never seen before a novel question she
would throw his brain into a reboot so
it so think of it this way
I gave you one specific example of a
non-standard way to ask the question
does the standard way would have been do
all lives matter and of course that's
the racially divisive but the do white
lives matter you just haven't seen
nobody's asked that specific question so
it's the uniqueness of it that would
throw him off his game whether it's this
topic or any other I have some a self
defense recommendation for you and it
goes like this if you accidentally hit a
protestor with your car in under normal
circumstances you should stop right
because if there's an accident
especially if somebody's hurt you don't
want to leave the scene of the crime
that would be another crime you want to
work it out but in this specific
situation where you hit a protestor with
your car and there are other protesters
which clearly would surround your car
and kill you can you leave the scene of
the crime in that situation I would say
yes I would say that even if you hit
somebody with your car you should get
out of there as soon as you can you want
to leave as soon as you can
now to protect yourself as soon as
you're safe you want to call the
authorities and tell them what happened
I think that would be good enough to
protect you I'm not a lawyer
but I can tell you you're better off
dealing with the legal consequences than
you are with the mob that will certainly
kill you if you stay around even if it
was an accident most of you saw the
horrific accident yesterday there's one
fatality and it was just horrific if
you've seen the video
jool Pollock had this interesting twist
on two ideas he put him together I guess
is his wife he reports says this this is
Joel's tweet my wife's fourth of July
idea put the proposed National Garden of
Heroes along the National bicycle path
that's kind of as proposed now I should
remind you that the somebody else before
I had I thought I had this great idea of
a nationwide bicycle path route with
lots of lots of supported structures
that would create lots of jobs around
the way and then you could be a sort of
a robot proof business because you would
need lots of humans to maintain it no
matter what at least for the foreseeable
future and and then there's the idea of
putting all the statues in the National
Garden but what if you let you have the
statues put near the bicycle paths or
the bicycle paths goes goes where they
already are so that you would have a
continuous a history lesson at each stop
so you'd be you know on the surface
you're bicycling across the country or
just some part of the country yeah you
don't have to go the whole way but every
time you stopped there's a statue might
be Martin Luther King might be George
Washington with some context well he was
a slave owner and we don't like that
part whatever you do but basically make
sure that everything is in context if
you want to make sure that you've got
the you know more modern and you know
non slave owner statues then do that to
throw a Columbus in there but gives the
full context why not and then of course
they would be torn down in an hour so it
wouldn't work but yeah I think it's
always fun to noodle of these kinds of
ideas because it might give you ideas
for better better ideas in the movie
business that's called the bad idea so
somebody comes up with a bad idea and
you know why it's bad but that makes you
think more creative
and you end up loads away wait if you
changed it a little bit it would work
and that's that's what would be the good
outcome all right if I talked about
everything have I talked about
everything I think so
how would you make it flat excellent
question and I mentioned that before
your bike path would not need to be flat
everywhere it could be flat in parts
based on just the local topography but
because the electronic bikes are now
they've gone from maybe a novelty to I
own one down and it's completely changed
as transportation I won't go into my
long sales pitch on that but with the
elect electric bikes they give an assist
to your pedaling the hills don't really
matter so even at my age there's no Hill
in my neighborhood and I live in a
really hilly I'm in a really hilly place
where they're really steep hills where I
live they just disappear with an
electronic electronic mic so there will
be more of those and you could probably
rent them you wouldn't you wouldn't have
to bring it with you
you'd just rent it on-site just like any
rental car etc they they're in the range
of yes they could be four to eight or
twelve thousand dollars mine might cost
$4,000 my guess is that it'll be a
thousand in a few years you know
probably in three years will be a
thousand dollars and then you still
might not want to own one but it's a
very economical thing to rent you know
if you're renting a thousand dollar item
probably doesn't cost you that much per
day alright that's all for now and I
will talk to you tomorrow