doesn't bump bump bump bump bump ow
Papapa Papapa hey everybody hey Scott
Joanne you're quick Eric Andrew come on
in here Jenna Donna badger Valentine
Olga fuzzy Clayton come on in here it's
time for the simultaneous up grab your
mug your cup you're jealous fill it with
your beverage of choice Coffee is the
best and it's time for the simultaneous
sip me mmm
so my son the news that there were two
fairly large busts of fentanyl on the
border and what caught my attention was
that both of them were caught by dogs so
drug sniffing dogs apparently can sniff
out fentanyl really easily I didn't know
that but there's a downside because
apparently a lot of dogs are overdosing
so drug drug sniffing dogs are actually
dying from over sniffing fentanyl what's
that deadly now I have a question how
hard is it how hard is it to train a dog
let's say your family dog if you had a
regular family dog who is relatively
trainable could you train that to sniff
fentanyl how hard would that be because
it seems as though any family that has a
teenager would be well-served if the
parents would say alright our kids 12
now let's take the family dog in and
train it to sniff fentanyl just in case
and then just have the dog do its thing
and every once awhile the dogs go to go
work I smell fentanyl I'm pretty sure
when you traded a dog it does that or oh
just like that well where is the
fentanyl that could be a great aid for
parents but I have a question
is that a good idea how hard is it to
train a dog to sniff fentanyl could you
do that with any dog any dog that
responds to treats and can be trained
for anything could you do it I don't
know and so I wish that I could use my
company's app interface but I wouldn't
have to ask that and I just went on
there to see if there were any dog
trainers so this is an app where you can
go on and and get some expert advice and
there are it looks like one two there
are two dog trainers but if there's
somebody who wants to get out in the app
before I'm done here
and has expertise in training dogs
specifically for sniffing drugs put in a
keyword that says sniffing or drugs and
dog and I will look for you before the
end of this before the end of this
periscope now see what I was talking
about about using my company's app to
fill in those blanks because that's
either a really good idea training the
family dog to smell to sniff out drugs
with the teens room or it's not it might
be a bad idea but there's no way to
Google that I'm guessing it's probably
ungoogleable you'd actually have to talk
to somebody who does that to even know
so let's go on here's one of my favorite
topics oh I'm gonna do this after this
most of you have seen all the jabbering
about the CNN panelists Bakari seller
I talked about it too on Don Lemon show
night before last in which Bakari
sellers and I think there was at least
one african-american woman on there who
were making negative comments about
Kanye and the folks on the right the
Republicans and Trump supporters and
conservatives are making a lot of noise
about the fact that I think Bakari was
the one who said what was his statement
he said that and he was I think he was
quoting somebody else might have been
Chris Rock or something so he said this
sentence that you wouldn't would not
normally say on television which is this
is what happens when Negroes don't read
right so this is coming from an
african-american man on television this
is not me saying that
and so the conservatives are saying
racist how can you say racist things
racist racist how could you call him a
token racist racist racist to which I
say well when when did we start calling
black people racist for saying things
about other black people what let's be
at least a little bit consistent about
what even racism means if we're calling
our own people you know it it if you if
you're calling a black person racist for
talking about another black person who's
not in their opinion being unrest enough
if it doesn't even make sense all right
so here here's a rule that that I would
propose that black people insulting each
other white people should not label that
as racist
it just feels silly now there are
racists they exist and when they get
labeled as racists by somebody who's
offended you know somebody who's in the
target group especially that's fair game
and if a white person calls another
white person racist because that other
white person was saying something bad
about black people well that's fair well
it's kind of weird for white people to
accuse a black guy of saying racist
things about another black guy
specifically because he's complaining
that the other black guy is siding too
much with who they think are racist I
mean none of it makes sense
so there were so I think that's a
totally wrong attack it's just it's just
doesn't feel right on any level attack
from the right that is but what was
slightly not even slightly but more
valid was that they were also making fun
of Kanye for his past admitted mental
issues I don't know how to label and by
Kanye himself has talked about being
checked into you know some health
facilities for some mental problems
briefly at one point and I saw Glenn
Greenwald did a tweet i retweeted they
said that's the bad part you know
discounting somebody because they once
had an admitted medical problem that
they got help for that's that's pretty
low you know especially since a third of
the people watching CNN at any minute
probably have had some kind of mental
problems some kind of anxiety some kind
of phobia some kind of PTSD so I'm kind
of something so that was actually a good
criticism because it's not who we want
to be right we don't really we don't
really want to be the kind who say you
had that problem one time in the past
therefore you can never do anything so
we don't want to be those people alright
let's talk about the two movie thing I
saw something that was just flat-out
hilarious accidentally yesterday on the
five so it's my favorite show so I'm Fox
News the five they have Juan Williams
who plays the part of the you know the
the opposition on the left and the other
panelists the other four are more likely
to be approached from conservative types
or at least leading that way so you have
that that set up so it's quite normal
that on that show you'd hear two
versions of reality one from Juan and
one four
the other the other panelists but
yesterday I heard two versions of
reality that are so stark that it was
amazing and here's how it goes
they were talking about universal health
care and I forget who it might have been
Jesse Watters said that the estimate for
universal health care would be 35 32
trillion dollars all right so one
version of reality is that universal
health care in this country would cost
32 trillion dollars 32 trillion dollars
and then Juan Williams said well no I
think actually it would save money now
there is a bit of a difference between
32 trillion dollars and now it actually
it would save money those are not even
the same planet now I believe that the
32 trillion is way overstated because
the way they just the way it was
calculated and I believe the it's gonna
save money is ridiculous and overstated
and neither those are true I don't think
all right I'm no expert on this but my
suspicion is that neither of those
extremes is really accurate but those
are the two extremes that are I would
think maybe the average of the viewers
of say CNN and the average the viewers
of Fox probably embrace those two
extremes as the truth now how much
further apart could you get on agreeing
what reality looks like then something
that's greater than 32 trillion right
because one says it's going to be 32
trillion plus a cost and the other says
it's not even it's not even gonna be any
cost this could be saving money so
what's that maybe let's say a thirty
five trillion dollar difference in
reality thirty five trillion dollars in
reality I don't know how to
overemphasize that but or emphasize that
enough
that's as big a difference as you can
get in what the world actually is now
you think that's rare it is not rare we
have exactly the same situation with
climate change so you've got one side
saying climate change is you know it's
the biggest problem and if we don't deal
with it to the tune of trillions of
dollars of the world will fall apart and
the other side says no it would be
better to not deal with it and just
increase your economy save you money and
use it to help people who are her by
climate change but the difference in in
the analysis is trillions trillions
that's the difference and what people
think those two two paths would call
would be trillions of dollars of
difference these are not the same planet
so I've just never seen such a stark
example of the two movies playing on one
screen because we're largely we think or
watch it the same information but
somebody's seeing 32 trillion and
somebody's saying well I think that'll
save money crazy crazy stuff alright I
saw it at Newt Gingrich tweeted I think
yesterday that we need to build the wall
there's a proposal by against McCarthy
has a proposal to fully fund the wall
and Newt was listing some of the
benefits of the wall and he listed that
too much fentanyl and opioids are
getting in across the border now I have
there are only a few people in the world
that when they disagree with my existing
opinion I will actually stop cold and
say oh I better change my opinion all
right you know that Alan Dershowitz is
one if his opinion is different from
mine
I just stopped cold and go okay what am
I doing wrong why is my opinion
different from the smartest guy on TV
but new gig newt gingrich's one of those
people for me too
so when he and I disagree on anything I
just stop and I go okay what am I doing
wrong here
if newts got a different opinion and
it's not obviously let's say let's say
it's now obviously just a political
opinion if it's a logic opinion or you
know maybe a strategy difference and
newts on the other side I stop and I go
okay what the hell am I doing wrong why
am I on a different different opinion
than newt and one of his opinions that
did that with me today was they're
building the wall would somehow help
with the fence and all stuff now I
understand that a lot of fentanyl is
coming across the border and therefore
the better your border security is in
general you you would think that that
would help if you had more dogs at the
border you could check more cars it
makes sense that it would help but on
the other hand fentanyl is really small
it feels like the one thing you could
get across the border easier than just
about anything else
easier than we'd probably easier than
cocaine you know even just the size of
it so no matter how tall that wall is
all you have to do is you know put it on
a rope at the end of a you know put it
in a sock at the end of a rope and swing
it around a few times and toss it over
the wall tea or your friend who's
standing on the other side so I don't
know how the wall actually stops the
fence at all in that case now I'm going
to make a distinction between that and
my call for executing the Chinese lab
owners who are you know creating the
fentanyl in China and sunny here
executing the people that we can
identify as actually being behind it in
China is not just about stopping the
supply it might in my slowdown the
supply that would be great but it's more
about making sure that people know that
those people need to be killed because
they have killed so many Americans it's
a lot about the message alright so what
I say let's kill the
News executives or let's let's insist
China kill them because China does like
to execute their drug dealers the
benefits of that are the messages
sentence about the importance of
stopping fentanyl and we're just using
their lives as part of the message
because they've sacrificed their lives
their mass murderers right if somebody
is literally a mass murderer responsible
for possibly thousands or tens of
thousands of deaths at the United States
I have no no no hesitation to kill them
if we can get some benefit out of it and
the message would be the benefit as well
as it might disrupt the flow a little
bit but it's the message I want the wall
on the other hand does send a message
but I don't know that it actually stops
any fentanyl from coming and that's a
slightly different question so yes on
executing Chinese executives of drug
labs that are creating feds and all
illegally because first of all it's
illegal but whether the wall stops
fentanyl I would like to hear from
somebody who knows more about that if
only somebody had an app in which you
could talk to somebody who's actually
involved in drug interdiction at the
border an expert for app perhaps who
could be on the on the interface by one
hub app all right the question is should
borders be respected well yeah those are
separate questions there's a article
that I tweeted this morning so you can
find it in my Twitter feed this morning
from a Democrat who has switched from
anti Trump to pro Trump and you really
have to read it
it's very first of all it's really
well-written so it's worth your time
just for a good read but secondly to see
to see that mental transition from anti
Trump to oh I think I've been taken and
and it felt like it was somebody who was
getting out of their cognitive bubble I
think that's actually
the phrase he used in there but you have
to read it it's really it's really
well-written I'm a little bit biased
because after I after I read it I
thought well that's really well written
and then I saw the author tweeted that
he had just finished wind Bigley and I
think they had some influence on him oh
let me ask you this how many you tried
my technique to get at least one person
to register how many of you tried my
technique and tell me if it worked
tell me in the comments right now have
any of you used my technique to guess
somebody got six I did I was halfway
through when your periscope started I
registered three I did I've got four
holy cow oh my god go to my Twitter feed
and you'll see the article it's one of
the tweets I did this morning I'll
repeat my technique but look at all the
people who said they used the technique
and they registered multiple people I
was saying just try one but it looks
like people got anywhere from two to six
people registered already all right
here's the technique the technique is
you pick out somebody who you think
would vote your way somebody who is
philosophically like you and you is
likely to vote the way you would like
them to vote the only thing is you don't
think they're gonna vote so you want to
see if you can influence them to vote
and here's the technique you want to
simplify the process to the smallest
step and then offer to help them with
the smallest step the smallest step is
to register online and there's just a
website and it takes about 60 seconds so
if you have never registered before or
you haven't registered in a while or
you're thinking about it and putting it
off it helps to say hey have you
registered
it only takes 60 seconds and here's the
link just click it just click it in one
minute you'll be registered and then
people think oh but then I that
day I've got to take you know I've got
to get to work early there's traffic I
got to get to the polling place that's a
lot of work so you take all that away
from their mind and you say oh just
check the box that says you want to vote
by mail
you know if there's still time right
there's only a little time left but just
check the box that says you vote by mail
so here's the link click it sixty
Seconds to register roughly and they'll
just mail you a ballot and then the
person's going to be thinking well I
don't I don't want to learn about all
these topics I don't want to do a lot of
homework and then you say you don't have
to vote on everything you can just vote
on the things that you do understand and
you care about you just leave the others
blank so what so the process is you take
this big thing that in people's mind
seems hard it's like how do I register
do I have to go to the post office do I
have to wait for something does it take
a long time or are they gonna is there
some downside to this so I have to drive
to the polls it just seems like a lot so
you want to shrink it down to the
smallest thing here's an email with the
link click it in 60 seconds you'll be
registered check the box that says you
want to vote by mail it just shows up in
your mailbox and don't don't have to
vote for anything you don't know about
and by the way I'll help you let's vote
during lunch because I'm going to do it
by mail too so we'll just go to lunch
and I'll help you fill it out if you
want all right so if you use that
process you've made it sort of a social
process
yeah let's fill it out together you know
I'll help you out you've simplified it
in people's heads to the smallest step
and then you've provided the the step
click this link you've you've chunked it
down to the smallest bit all right so
that's that's the thing so that's the
technique but you want to start with
somebody who's sort of pre-sold someone
who would vote they just they're busy
they would vote that they don't really
know how they don't feel like figuring
it out they would vote but they're
afraid that that's sort of a bigger
process they don't want to bite it off
so it's important to pick your targets
carefully as people who would like to
vote and they're halfway there they just
don't know how to get the other half so
you saw how many people in the comments
said that they actually successfully got
somebody to vote so instead of standing
on the street corner with a clipboard
you just find one person you know and
you say hey here's a like alright here's
another funny thing so the Democrats as
you have noted in the news have become
far more aggressive so they're talking
about harassing Republican leaders in
public they're there they're yelling in
the streets they're there talking about
impeachment they're you know they're
stopping and nothing there they're
saying bad things about people they're
using more provocative rhetoric as we
just talked about earlier and and it
seems that they've figured out that what
they need to do is be more like Trump
I'm not wrong about that right the the
Democrats have decided to be more like
Trump because they believe that his his
sort of impolite let's say impolite
aggressive approach is the secret to why
he won is it my imagination or have they
completely miss analyzed why Trump won
they seem to think that they're the
reason he won is the only part they can
see is that he was provocative and
insulting it's like they've looked at
this big complicated bag of persuasion
and policies and and hard work and
energy and and having the right message
for understanding the understanding the
real feeling in the country you know
adding the the business perspective you
know making America great again the all
of these things there's a lot of stuff
a lot of variables but they looked into
this whole world of variables and they
did the only losing thing you could do
well probably isn't the only losing
thing but it's the most losingest it's
total loser think they looked at all
these good things that trump dead that
are unambiguously good things like
understanding the voters better playing
a better strategic game in terms of what
states he goes to having rallies using
social media coming up with great
nicknames that are really quite
scientifically cleverly created the
branding him you could go on and on
about the things that Trump does well
everything from the way he tweets which
is frankly genius and the historians
will treat it that way and they figured
out the only thing that people don't
like about him and decided to copy that
am I wrong that they decided to copy the
only thing that even Trump supporters
are uncomfortable with which is the you
know the fact that it's a little risky
and that it's a little aggressive even
the people who like Trump are a little
uncomfortable with that stuff right and
so the Democrats have picked the only
thing Trump does that is not the
important part I've decided to copy it
it's hilariously incompetent in fact you
can see it backfiring all over the place
because what is it we're talking about
when we talk about the Democrats now
we're talking about their bad behavior
now when we were talking about Trump we
were talking about his wall we're
talking about what he wanted to do for
the economy
what do you wanted to do with North
Korea etc when you talk about Trump
you're talking about policies and stuff
but when we're talking about the
Democrats we're just talking about their
bad attitudes and the fact that that
they're whiny and provocative and
insulting it's it's all of the bad stuff
with none of the good stuff there's no
good stuff in there now there is an
exception you're not gonna like this
you're not gonna like this at all
but I'm gonna be consistent right I like
to be consistent no matter which side
I'm talking about there is something
that the Republicans I'm sorry that the
Democrats are doing that is pure Trump
smartness do you know what it is it's
health care so the the Democrats went
from the bad the bad version of trying
to sell health care is something like
Obama care all right trying to resell
Obama care to a country that they
couldn't get it down their gullet last
time would have been sort of the the old
way the Democrats would act it's like ah
Obamacare it's got all these problems
why do we want more of that the it's
sort of a halfway I don't know committee
driven monster of policies that nobody
even really understands but did they do
that no they went far to the left
they wouldn't full Bernie and and by the
way credit Bernie for being the the
first one to to be on to this their
first ask is so aggressive that in all
likelihood they're gonna give something
closer to it than if they had settled
for arguing for Obamacare you know minor
fixes so be aware that when the
Democrats go way to the left and say how
about we go fold a Democratic Socialist
and let's let's have some free or yeah
let's have some government-sponsored
health care whether or not that's
feasible or not feasible is far less
important than the question of whether
it captures your attention and moves
your thinking so far left that if they
could get something halfway to what
they're talking about it would be a big
victory for their side so when you see
the Democrats just picking up Trump's
you know added
and let's say combative miss just
mindlessly picking that up they're just
missing the whole point
but when you see Octavia Cortez say heck
with Obamacare let's go to all the way
to Burnie like health care for everybody
and let it again let's credit Burnie for
the one who made that a national
conversation have you seen the polls of
how much the public is interested in in
sort of a national single-payer health
care the polls have really moved in that
position who did that that was Bernie
that was Cortes and so if we're going to
talk about just persuasion good job good
job in the health care stuff for the
Democrats so that's there they get an A
plus the the deep lefties the the
leftist of the lefties get an A plus and
persuasion on health care because they
have moved the dial they've really moved
the dial and they did a smart way by
asking for way more than the public the
thought should be asked for at this
point that was the good move all right
let's talk about the issue that I have
been seeing a lot of but you might be
seeing less of it in the future
and that was the idea that Trump has no
philosophy he has no moral ethical core
the Trump doesn't have a strategy or
vision that's sort of a cohesive
philosophical you know binding that
would predict everything that he's going
to do or you know where our policies go
or or give the country like a brand
that's a that's a philosophical moral
ethical brand and people say Trump
doesn't have that he's impulsive he's
all over the place doesn't know what
he's doing and I bet you know again I've
been watching the same movie I thought
but it turns out I was just in the same
theater but I was watching a different
movie happening and on my movie Trump's
philosophy his ethics and all that are
so
transparently obvious that I don't know
how anybody could be confused and here's
what he did he simply took two extra
skill sets and combined it with
government that's all he did the two
extra skill sets are as follows theater
theater he understands no and when when
Trump said recently about Hillary
Clinton that she doesn't get it and she
never will
that's it's a comprehensive statement
but part of what she doesn't get is that
the theater of Trump is intentional and
it's functional that the things people
thought were the unimportant part about
Trump were actually a very important
part he understands that bringing the
show is government you have to bring the
show that's why the rallies are
important that's why the base is fired
up that's why people got off the couch
and voted he brought the show he
understands that theater is a skill set
which stacked upon government as long as
you don't have bad intentions right as
long as your intentions are good that's
a really important skill set to bring
over so that's the first skill he
introduced more so than any other
politician far more so the second skill
set he brought in was business he
brought in an actual capitalist business
perspective and you can see that in
terms of make America great again what
does a capitalist do when competing with
other companies the capitalist does not
try to kill them the capitalist does now
say I hate your CEO nothing like that
the capitalist says those to that CEO
that other company that's great I love
that guy I'm going to compete as hard as
I can and you know what that other CEO
should compete with me and if we all
compete hard
we'll get somewhere but what we're not
going to do is leave money on the table
if we have negotiating leverage so the
old way the old political way as well we
don't want to hurt our allies we we
don't
want to ruffle any feathers we we want
to be good people we want to be
diplomatic and all that stuff is good to
a certain degree what Trump layered on
top of that was capitalism in capitalism
if you have the negotiating leverage you
use it every time there are not
situations where you have the community
where you have the leverage you have the
power to get a better deal where you
don't use it that's why he brought to
the trade negotiations so Trump came in
and said what kind of deals are these we
have all the power we have the biggest
market the biggest economy we've got
that we have all the leverage and these
are the deals we negotiated
why don't we negotiate deals like a
capitalist and by the way China I have
great respect for you North Korea I have
great respect for you Russia I have a
great respect for you but we are we are
going to compete your asses off and you
should too the best thing that could
happen is we're competing it's
completely transparent we're telling you
what we're doing we're not breaking any
laws we're just using our market power
and if you had market power we would
totally expect you to use it why
wouldn't you so to me capitalism is a
very clear philosophical moral code you
could not like it there people don't
like it but I don't know how you can say
it's not clear how is that not clear
Trump has the clearest strategy moral
code that I've ever seen in government
it's so completely unambiguous what in
any given situation what would you
expect is I guess this is the test of a
good moral code a good ethical set a
good strategy the test of it is that
anybody from the outside could predict
how you're going to act because being
predictable has benefits in some areas
in other areas like military you want to
be unpredicted
perhaps and negotiating sometimes you
ought to be unpredictable but in a
general way isn't it true that other
countries know exactly what Trump would
do which is to say if there's something
that's good for the United States it's
completely legal and it's doable we're
gonna try to do it just like any
capitalist would right so if seems to me
it's completely clear now you could
argue that capitalism itself has flaws
it has sharp sharp edges not everybody
wins it's it's unambiguously bad for
some members of society those are all
true
but it's also true that nobody's come up
with a better plan that right as soon as
there's something better than capitalism
and by the way I think that might be
coming you know the age of robots might
be an age in which capitalism the way
we've understood it doesn't make sense
anymore but at the moment nobody has a
better plan
so capitalism has you know I think I saw
a statistic that half of the world is
about is middle class or better and
we've never been at that level before
and capitalism got us there so as a
moral framework capitalism has lots of
you know sharp edges but nobody has a
better idea and that's sort of what
Trump is bringing to the bringing to the
table and I've said before that where
Trump seems to be failing the
fact-checking more than normal
politicians that's also because he's
coming from capitalism capitalism sells
capitalists are just selling they're
using hyperbole they're marketing
they're exaggerating
they're exaggerating how good their own
stuff is and they're exaggerating how
poor the competition is if you if you
just move that framework into a
political context well the politicians
are you say hey that's a lie that's a
lie that's a lie I keep telling you that
he's directionally accurate meaning that
any time he doesn't pass the
fact-checking he's in at least the right
side
he's moving he's moving our opinions our
thinking our energy in a productive way
and you can see that in everything he
says and the the examples being that if
the president says the economy is doing
great under his leadership the the fact
checkers may say hey wait Obama set this
up but it's still smart for Trump to say
his leadership is causing these good
things
why because capitalists understand that
economies run on confidence they run on
psychology so Trump understanding
psychology understanding capitalism
understanding business is telling us
consistently that he's part of the
reason the big part a big part not maybe
not the big part but that he's a big
part of why things are going well with
the economy whether that's exactly true
or not is less important then it's the
fact that it's exactly the right thing
to say because that's what makes the
economy actually confident that's what
makes people invest they're like we got
the good things we got this president
he's the right person things are going
well under him all invest and then
suddenly the economy is doing well so
you're watching the president actually
persuade the economy into a higher level
just right in front of your eyes he's
actually persuading the economy to a
higher level and I'm positive that
historians and economists of the future
will describe it that way yeah there
they will say that he did that and that
that was something he brought to the
process in a way that in a way that
nobody had done it as well before all
right so it's crazy to me that people
say that the president doesn't have a
clear strategy and moral code if you
just think of it as starting with
politics which is you know nasty and
ugly layers on top of a theater because
theater is a really good tool for
managing expectations and expectations
are what you have to manage for
everything from negotiating to war to
the economy all of the big things
our persuasion leverageable persuasion
is a big variable that moves those
things so he moves those things and he
brings capitalism and theater and adds
it to politics and you've got a full
system that is proven as as you know it
stood the test of time
he doesn't have to invent anything
Reagan is theater good example alright
somebody just said Reagan understood
also had to bring the theater
good example Reagan brought the theater
that is exactly right I would argue that
Trump is you know a clearly higher level
of theater than even Reagan and Reagan
was the best we'd seen right would you
say when you say Reagan was the best
we've seen until Trump in terms of
bringing the theater and understanding
it
he didn't just bring the theater he
understand he understood its value so
when I say Reagan understood the value
of bringing the theater Trump
understands the value of bringing the
theater and then you hear that Trump
says about Hillary Clinton she doesn't
get it and she never did now it makes
sense right she she never got that
theater is a tool and because she wasn't
good at it so I think it makes sense
that the Hillary would not think that
the theater was a legitimate part of the
process because she isn't good at it all
right so she discounts it JFK was
theater a good example all right and
thank you
yeah JFK brought the theater too he
brought the family he brought the you
know the wife the you know the look the
Camelot he brought the theater and it
made a difference right made people feel
good there was a good time in the
economy that's a good example to Bill
Clinton the yes Bill Clinton was more
charismatic and popular and just one
heck of a
speaker a great speaker really but I
wouldn't call it theater for Bill
Clinton he was just charismatic and
really good at being a politician I
would say yeah he played the saxophone
and you know he so he was a little bit
out of the box but not that much Romney
didn't get it exactly yes
Romney did not understand the theater
part here so here's a here's something
to think about so I keep taking keep
talking about Rand Paul because in my
mind Rand Paul's his credibility in his
game just keep getting better I didn't
think he was a serious threat to become
president because he didn't quite have a
strong enough game you know the the the
persuasion part but I feel like I feel
like Rand Paul is watching the world's
greatest display of persuasion and he's
so close to it you know he's he's right
in the persuasion zone these close to
the president it's got to be affecting
him he there's no way he's not picking
something up out of this so the thing
you should be looking for and I would I
would kind of expect it is that the Rand
Paul you used to see is sort of evolving
in front of us to be a newer version of
Rand Paul you know Rand Paul classic is
rational science logic out-of-the-box
libertarian you know a lot of good stuff
but he didn't really package it well he
didn't he didn't persuade well he didn't
have that part he didn't have the
theater but now does he understand the
importance of the theater now I can't
read his mind
but my assumption is that Rand Paul
being a bright guy who is writing this
of things it would be impossible for him
not to understand at this point that
what Trump does the theater of it is
part of the part of the effectiveness
and it almost certainly he's starting to
think how he could incorporate the
better parts of that now the parts he
would be able to incorporate in theory
would be the doing something a little
bit wrong a little bit provocative a
little bit just to gain attention you
remember when Rand Paul was it was
during some budget time he he got the
cameras to follow him around and he was
knocking on doors to see if anybody had
read the read the big report or
something like that I forget the details
but it told me that he is he has
recognized the importance of the show he
got the theater element now that and and
that he's trying to incorporate that you
see him picking the pieces that he can
fit into his personality you know the
part that fits into his platform
platform being his whole package if you
will so I keep telling you that you know
you have to you have to look at not just
where people are but you have to look at
where they're heading and Rand is
clearly on a an uptick in terms of his
talent stack and and what he can bring
to the process so keep an eye on him and
the other one and the other the other
one is Kanye of course now the fact that
people are criticizing Kanye think about
the situation we're in and I don't think
I'm gonna say anything right now that
isn't obviously true but I'll just put
it in a different package so people are
criticizing Kanye for not doing his
homework and not being an expert in the
things that he's getting involved in
meaning politics and they criticize him
for comments about slavery and
everything else now who does that sound
like well sounds like Trump right in the
in 2015 Trump was the guy who didn't
read up enough he didn't didn't do his
homework
so first of all you have to say okay
well it didn't stop Trump why would it
stop Kanye the thing that Kanye and
Trump both have in common is an
understanding about theater right Kanye
comes in with a full understanding maybe
maybe better than anybody's ever
understood it about how the theater
works how to get your attention so he
has that in the same way that President
Trump has it and he also has that
entrepreneurial part he has the
capitalism so Kanye or yeh as we like to
call him now by his preference I
understand so yeh has the capitalism and
he has the theater the party lacks is
the the background in policy and you
know some of the historical context and
stuff just like Trump now he's probably
behind Trump because he's much younger
right there there there are some things
that you pick up just by being around a
while so Kanye is younger but he's
jumped in and he's already he's having
meetings with the White House and with
Jared about the air entraining convicts
are very important you know he picks the
port he picks the hardest issue right he
picks the hardest issue and he goes
right after it
so by 2024 will Kanye be too uneducated
in terms of politics to run for
president well I would say the 2024 is a
long way away all right in six years how
much can a Kanye West learn seriously
how much could that man learn in six
years a lot all right a lot he could
learn so much that he would be
completely you know completely qualified
in terms of background in context and
understanding the politics of it in six
years should he choose to do that now
they should he choose to do a part we
don't know right he may change his mind
six years as long
but if you're if you're judging Kanye's
ability to be president by Kanye 2018
you're gonna be in for a big surprise
because he's not a steady-state guy so
Kanye 2024 is going to be a whole new
invention and it's going to be stronger
it's going to be more qualified it's
going to be more substantial in all
likelihood he'll have a portfolio of
things he's actually done that you could
you could point to and say oh yeah you
did that thing you know he helped out
and that thing and that thing so just be
aware you can't judge him by who he is
but you can probably make a prediction
based on his trajectory and he is
someone who will jump into something he
doesn't know how to do and he will he
will not let his ego get in the way have
you noticed that Kanye has a weird ego
have you noticed that it would be easy
for you to say well wait a minute he's a
egomaniac and he thinks so much of
himself he's a narcissist and you would
think oh that's true right and you can
make an argument for it and you could
show clips that would support that and
and etc but at the same time were
watching Kanye jump into areas that he
knows he's going to get invited for
areas in which he is not an expert and
admits it so when he jumps into politics
he's coming in and saying I don't know
this field yet I like to help I'm
jumping in it is the most ego vulnerable
thing that anybody could do in his
position because remember he's starting
with this he's starting with a
reputation that's sky-high like just
loved by people of all types you know
consistent creative genius he's starting
with his perfect perfectly well
conceived brand and he just put it all
on the line he just put the whole
frickin brand right on the line that is
something you don't do if you're trying
to protect your ego I have argued that
people who can understand the ego as
something that you pump up when you need
and you see him do that right in front
of you and then he sucks it down and he
completely he completely sublimates it
he completely pushes his ego in the back
to get a job done and in this case
you're watching it happen right in front
of you
the fact that he would put on a Maggi
hat and talk to the president the fact
that he would stand in front of the
Saturday Night Live Crew and say what he
did that got cut off there he is someone
who knows how to manage his ego pumps it
up when he needs it
deflates it when it would get in the way
because it would have stopped him from
doing any of the things he's doing right
now doesn't stop him doesn't stop him no
one else likes yeh believe me no one
else no one in the whole world just me
I'm the only one all right he lacks
persuasion are you kidding me we're
talking about him that's all you need to
know so the funny thing happened you saw
that of course you heard the quote where
Trump said I guess Taylor Swift said
something anti Trump --is-- political I
forget what it was and and Trump asked
about it and he said we're sort of a
twinkle in his eye Trump said now I
liked Taylor's music 25% less and what
was funny is that he picked a specific
number 25% that's what made it all whole
areas yeah and that's what he does he
that little bit of wrongness is why you
can't look away
if Trump had said well I like their
music less and it's not that interesting
but as soon as he said I get 25% less it
was immediately captured your mind
because how can you calculate such
things so that little bit of wrongness
that he put an exact number on
is what made it so viral and of course
he knows that all right this is the sort
of thing that Trump does automatically
because he understands that that's the
extra sauce the the specificity was the
wrongness it was just enough but the
funny part was that I guess Taylor was
at the American Music Awards I think it
was and the the report was that the
ratings were down for the show do you
know how much the ratings were down 25%
I don't know what are the odds of that
happening because it looked like it kind
of looked like you know the simulation
was winking at us
that Trump looks at looks at the camera
and with a twinkle in his eye goes I
like her music 25% less now and sure
enough the AMAs in which she was you
know the star person of the show the
person they talked about ever afterwards
is down exactly 25% now I'm not saying
it's related I'm not saying that's proof
we're in the simulation it's just
hilarious that it was the exact number
25 percent when he shouldn't have picked
Trump should have picked a specific
number in the first place but you know
I've been talking about how his week is
so good
Trump has had the best week anybody has
ever had like of all politicians ever I
don't think anybody has been more
successful in one week than this
president and then he gets that he even
gets that 25 percent thing by just weird
coincidence it's just perfect all right
so I don't want to ignore the the
hurricane winds or storms or whatever
we're labeling it in Florida I hope
everybody does okay I just don't talk
about the Hurricanes too much because I
don't have anything to add I think FEMA
in all likelihood is doing a great job
and the people there I hope they're
paying attention to all the safety stuff
and staying safe
all right let's uh let's try to have a
great day and I will Oh Nikki hailey I'm
sorry I was gonna say something about
Nikki hailey all right here it comes
so the nikki hailey decision the top two
candidates are Dina Powell and I forget
his first name Grinnell who is the
ambassador to Germany and pundits are
trying to trying to guess who Trump will
pick well I'll give you a some breakdown
on that now if it's true and I don't
know that this is true but if it's true
that the decision is between Grinnell
and Dena Powell which would be the best
to pick for this president well here's
my take on it
Richard Grinnell okay so Richard
Grinnell is a gay Republican which looks
great right so having a gay Republican
in the highest diplomatic office that
any president has ever had of somebody
who's out anyway I'm sure there have
been other gay diplomats but he's the
first one who's was out is great is
great for the brand it's great for the
public it's just a great thing if you
were to move him from Germany where he's
already a great symbol of the better
part of Republicans and he moved them
over to the you know to be the UN
representative to take Nikki Haley's job
you haven't really gained that much have
you in terms of your brand you already
had them in you know one of the most
important countries in the world Germany
you know it would be it would be not
that much of a difference and then what
would happen if you replaced him with
let's say a woman wouldn't that look
like a demotion for a
woman in other words if a woman had been
in Nikki Haley's job but then the next
time a woman was promoted it was for a
head of let's say that to be the
diplomat for Germany the ambassador to
Germany we feel like a little bit of a
demotion for women coming into the
midterms when the the male woman the
man-woman thing is going to be so
important in terms of how people feel
about the two parties but if Dena Powell
is picked to replace nikki Haley
not only do you replace a woman with a
woman which would be a better look right
because you still get you still get
Richard Grinnell apparently doing a
great job and you know still an
important part of the the image of the
brand but here's the thing
why did everybody's asking why did nikki
Haley announce so early have you've
wondered about that right why did she
announce so early I can think of one
reason but I'm not going I'm not going
to assume this is true but I can think
of one reason that would make a lot of
sense and it goes like this it's so
their president can announce another
high level position for another one
before the midterms
now that position would be just
replacing nikki Haley so really it's
just you know a woman for a woman so
it's now really like women have gained
by you know a one-for-one replacement
but what's it going to feel like if the
news is focused on a high-level
appointment of a woman right before the
midterms that's as good as it gets that
is the best situation for president
Trump so hypothetically if nikki Haley
had been talking to the president about
making you know making the the change at
the end of the year I guess it would
have made sense for them to say what's
the best time to announce it is the best
time to wait to the last minute or is
the best time to go really early which
is very transparent and I think
the public appreciates it right the
public appreciates the transparency
nothing there's no downside to it but it
also gives Trump at least the
opportunity we don't know if the timing
will work but at least the opportunity
to appoint a high-level highly qualified
woman for a high-level position and even
though it's just a replacement the
headline is going to look good for
Republicans and women so if you had to
bet and don't bet based on me right
because there may be a lot we don't know
it has a lot to do with the
personalities does you know who supports
these people what friends do they have
in the administration who has offended
who who is married to who you know there
are a whole bunch of things that we
don't know but if the only thing came
down to how it looked the woman is the
right choice and not only because you
know as our external face you know the
external face of the United States the
face we're putting on to the rest of the
world half of the world is female so
having a woman that in that position
that's a good look because half of the
world is female and women probably have
a worse time of it than men in most of
the rest of the world but putting in a
gay man as the face of the United States
would also be great I think I would you
know I'd like that for all the all the
signalling it does that you know we're
the kind of country that that has gotten
past that so that part is good but
here's the thing only 5% of the world is
gay but half of the world is a woman so
the woman seems like the better
interface for our exterior facing
personality if you will it just makes
more sense
alright I'm just looking at your
comments here and I think we've said
enough and I'm going to talk to you all
later bye for now