I'm pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here stream on in
here for your morning streaming and your
morning simultaneous it which is coming
up as soon as we get enough of you in
here or thirsty and ready for a bit of
simultaneity and I think we're there
alright you know what you need to play
along doesn't take much all you need is
a cup or a mug during class but tanker
chelators time a canteen juggler flask
the vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I am partial to coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hill is the day
the thing that makes everything better
this simultaneous sip go alright there a
few things going on number one
Michael Shellenberger it will be on
c-span testifying very soon any minute
now to the House Committee on Science
Space and Technology and he'll be
talking about the quote green nuclear
deal yay
so in other words our Congress and the
House the House Committee on Science
Space and Technology which I imagine is
exactly the right place we'll be hearing
a positive message about the potential
for nuclear power so they'll be hearing
it from the right guy at the right time
in the right place that's good news now
will that message break through and
change anything we'll see but it's
definitely the right person talking to
the right people so system wise the
system is working
general Flynn has withdrawn his guilty
plea odd so apparently there's some
disagreement on whether general Flynn
did everything he was supposed to do and
whether the government did everything
promised to do which is keep a man in
jail if he cooperated but apparently now
they're talking about putting him in
jail because they don't think he
cooperated enough and so they've
withdrawn their plea deal
suddenly it's starting to make sense why
he hasn't already been pardoned do you
see it yet
because I thought the end of the year
would be sort of a perfect time to
pardon Flynn but there might be a
smarter play here it's entirely possible
that general Flynn is gonna win this
thing flat
he might not need a pardon he might win
this the old-fashioned way and you know
I say this a lot but if you ever get in
a dispute that becomes sort of a chess
match which is what a this there's legal
proceedings against Flynn or kind of a
chess match the last person you want to
be in on a sort of a strategy chess
match the last person you want to
compete against is a general literally
somebody who learned how to do stuff
like this in other words somebody who
knows how to play a chess game so it
could be the slim is trying to win it
outright and get just cleared in the
normal way because if he got pardoned or
whatever the word is if you haven't been
convicted it would always look like he
was guilty wouldn't it it would always
look a little like he was guilty if the
president had to bail him out but it
looks like he's gonna fight it the
old-fashioned way and I think the
president probably not directly but I
think because it seems likely the
president would pardon him if things
went the wrong way it changes his risk
assessment if you thought if you thought
you had no help and no hope of any help
from the outside you might play it a
little cautiously
say well I don't want to go to jail but
I'd better take this six months because
it's better than better than what might
happen if I fight it
but he his risk profile might have
changed he might say now I might as well
fight it I've got let's say a one in
three chance of winning it outright but
if I don't have no worse off because
I've I've always got the the pardon
option and I'm assuming I'm making a
gigantic assumption here that the pardon
is in the bag which I think it is
because I think the the public the the
public that supports the president seems
pretty firmly on the side of of you know
helping out Flynn
so what for that all right let's talk
about the debates did anybody is anybody
enough of a masochist that you watched
the debates I literally fell asleep I
mean actually blacked out and fell
asleep about halfway through the debates
so I had to catch up with them by
looking at the coverage now I think
looking at the coverage of the debates
is sort of everything you need to do
because any impact that the debates are
going to have are gonna be because of
those few moments that percolate it up
and the the press decided that those
moments are the ones that are gonna
emphasize so you can just look at the
press coverage and you know what matters
because if the press doesn't report on a
particular answer well it kind of didn't
matter because not many of the public
are watching the debates but a lot of
them might watch the reaction to the
debates I would say absolutely nothing
happened and I loved Van Jones's riff
takeaway on this
Van Jones said quote there was nothing I
saw tonight there would be there would
be able to take Donald Trump out there
was nothing I saw tonight that would be
able to take Donald Trump out it wasn't
one person on the stage that Van Jones
thinks would not be absolutely
obliterated by Trump and then then he
said Van Jones that none of them are
prepared for quote what Donald Trump
will do to us
he says us which is accurate I guess I
love the fact first of all I'm a big fan
of Van Jones so you you may disagree
because he's a Democrat and you don't
like that but as Democrats go he's the
smartest one now the the most
interesting thing about hearing Van
Jones say that nobody on the stage
looked ready for running for president
is that if Van Jones were running he'd
be the top guy am I wrong
if Van Jones had done part of this mix
and he were on stage wouldn't he be the
nominee
I mean seriously is there anybody on the
stage who could who could last against
Van Jones now I don't I don't think he's
shown any interest in being president
but he's stronger as a candidate than
every one of those people in part
because he's not a partisan meaning that
well he's he's clearly prefers Democrats
and says that directly but he's willing
to look at issues on both the Pro and
the con side which you don't see that
all you don't even see it from pundits
so he would absolutely be the
front-runner if he were running but it
looks like the Democrats have set
themselves an impossible task
so here's here are the expectations from
the Democrats own supporters all right
so in order to win the Democratic
candidate who wins has to do two things
at the same time be really nice to the
other the other candidates because
there's the nice party and they've they
made a big deal about being civil and
nice to each other so whoever wins has
to be civil and nice to the other
Democrats at the same time that person
is tearing the other ones apart in other
words to show enough toughness to be
qualified to run against Trump
you're gonna have to show your toughness
but the only way you can do it at this
stage is by showing it on other
Democrats but you can't those are two
Impossibles well it's an impossible that
they can both happen at the same time so
you see the Democrats setting themselves
up with a no-win situation we have to be
kind and also rip apart our our other
people in our party can't do it there's
actually no space for them to do the
thing they know they have to do and
they've created this situation
themselves did you ever see the
Republicans do that what maybe
I mean maybe there was some Republican
who said well we should be nicer to each
other that probably happened but did
anybody really try to talk Trump and do
a ana being Trump not really I don't
think so I mean a lot of people said it
was a bad idea to be so caustic and
stuff but I feel as though that the
Republicans let their candidates be
their candidates and the Democrats are
just absolutely killing themselves you
know the the circle circular firing
squad reference seems to fit now
I turn down the debates primarily to
watch I felt like I was watching the
Democrats doing everything they could
they could to lose the black vote did it
feel like that to you all I can see was
a whole bunch of white faces losing the
black vote in real time because if
you're you know if you're flipping
through the station let's say you
haven't paid too much attention you know
you're one of those voters who you'll
get serious closer to to Election Day
but right now you just label the noise
play out wait for the noise to die down
you'll get serious your float you're
flipping through the channels and you
come to the debates you say I haven't
been paying too much attention
let's see who's who was running for a
candidate to be our next president white
person white person white person white
person white person white person about I
don't see how the
the Democrats can possibly compete with
not a single minority face on there well
you could say that actually women are no
longer a minority since the last woman
who ran got most of the popular vote and
as Elizabeth Warren said the two women
on the stage are the only ones who have
won every one of their elections which
was a great line by the way
very well done meanwhile Trump is at his
rally and while the Democrats are up
there losing the black vote by being as
white as they can possibly be in
standing in the same place while being
hypocrites because where's your
diversity Trump said this quote in his
speech last night Republicans are
fighting for citizens from every
background and from every race religion
color and Creed we are a movement for
all Americans who believe in fairness
and justice equality and dignity
opportunity and safety we are a big
tempt and a big party with big ideas for
the future so President Trump is saying
directly and forcefully that the
Republican Party is the place for
everyone now I've said this before but
it's one of those things that gets
smarter over time if you just wait for
this it'll just keep getting smarter
when I first said it it sounded kind of
stupid but just watch it's gonna morph
over time from well that's stupid Scott
that's the dumbest thing you've ever
said
- well that's starting to make a little
bit of sense now now wait a wait for six
months from now when people say that
makes total sense now and here's the
statement the most natural fit for black
voters this is a Republican Party
here's what the Democrats are obsessed
with identity and black people are only
one of the identities so they're
scrambling and fighting for a place at
the table
in their own party who has to fight for
a place at the party a place at the
table in their own party why are black
people fighting for you no
representation in their own party
meanwhile Republicans have one
overriding characteristic which I say
all the time but it's the most important
thing and if you can find an exception
to this good luck but here's my
statement I want you to fact check this
all you want that if you're a typical
Republican you know they're always weird
exceptions to things but if you're a
typical Republican are you okay with
anyone who is a legal citizen who
respects the Constitution and follows
the law a plus if that person also is
religious a Christian for example well
extra credit for Republicans I'm not a
Republican by the way I'm just
describing if you're black and you only
have to do those things to be completely
accepted completely no there's
absolutely no there's no wiggle room
there the Republican view is if you do
follow the Constitution follow the laws
great you're a plus so if you want to be
respected for who you are instead of who
you look like Republicans are the best
game because if you if you hang around
with Democrats you know that they are
going to judge you by strangers that's
right Democrats are going to judge you
by other black people who are not you
because they've decided you're a you're
a group you're an identity you know you
must be treated as a group Republicans
say nonsense you are an individual why
should you be held back by the group
because Republicans aren't holding you
back there's no Republican who says you
can't rise to
any level you want president obviously a
Republican is going to help you or
Republicans can help you get a job a
Republicans can help you network the
Republicans gonna you know help you with
advice and mentoring Republicans are
very helpful if you want to get ahead
make some Republican friends they're the
ones we're gonna say hey try this do
this this will work come to church with
me if you want to get ahead make a
Republican friend it's one of the best
advices you love right you'll ever see
you know good luck finding better advice
than that alright so over time in six
months you're gonna hear people saying
wait a minute isn't the most natural
place for black voters to be in a
Republican Party where everybody can be
exactly equal I mean exactly equal
because if you're a citizen and you're
following the Constitution you're
exactly equal there's no wiggle room if
you're a Republican
that's exactly equal especially you know
if you're a Bible lovin Republican extra
equal whereas the Democrats well I don't
know you're gonna have to figure out if
your little group of Democrats is liked
or respected as much as the other little
group of Democrats that's a whole
different game and I don't know how you
win that one
so the natural place for the black
voters as Candace Owen has been telling
people for three years now is a
Republican Party and again I'm not a
Republican I'm not a Republican I'm just
saying that's where the fit makes sense
to me all right and also you'd have the
most leverage in a Republican Party
because there are fewer members there
are fewer black people in the Republican
Party and anybody who's got a good idea
then again is compatible with
Republicans and the Constitution and
everything you're gonna be heard you
have a much better chance of being a
notable important voice in the
Republican Party if you black just
because of scarcity all right let's talk
about more on the debates
apparently Elizabeth Warren I couldn't
tell if she refused to shake Birdy's
hand at the end or it was just an
awkward moment where when Bertie he put
out his hand to shake hand she was still
several steps away and I think it just
seemed walk were to maybe walk with her
hand out so it's not entirely clear to
me that she made a decision to not shake
hands with him it might have been an
oversight
just a walk word situation but on camera
it looked like she refused all right so
to the public all that matters is it
looked like it and I think that's how
people will interpret it now
as by now most of you know that the
weirdest thing happened when Bernie was
asked about his statement that a woman
couldn't win the presidency which of
course he never said he said his
response was so the so he was asked by
Lizzie Abbey Phillips I think one yeah
Abby Abby Philip asked about that
statement and Bernie said well as a
matter of fact I didn't say it that's
pretty clear as a matter of fact I
didn't say it and Bernie is very
credible love him or hate him it's not
likely Bernie is lying on this it's very
unlikely I mean so deeply unlikely I
don't even count it as a possibility
because he has earned that well I'll say
this over and over again
Sanders has earned the credibility which
I am assigning to him in my mind you
know my own personal view he's earned it
he absolutely earned trust on this
statement and Warren has absolutely not
earned our trust on this disagreement so
so after a birdie says well as a matter
of fact I didn't say it then then she
asked are you unequivocally denying
happened and birdie says that is correct
that's as clear as you can be
unequivocally denying that
is correct and then phillips ignores the
fact that he's categorically denied it
happened and she and she goes to warren
quote what did you think when senator
sanders told you a woman could not win
the election
so she acts like it's a fact after the
guy who was in the room 50% of all the
people who were in the room just told
her it didn't happen and he's far more
credible that warren is on this question
now let me tell you what almost
certainly did happen oh let me finish
this point so if CNN is trying to act as
though they're not actively trying to
kill Sanders this time - they're not
doing a good job of acting because it's
sort of looking like CNN doesn't want
Sanders to be President they're the ones
who they reported that he said this
about women and then the way this
question was asked like he's just the
liar which is not the case I'm sure
that's just so biased it's it's even
even other Democrats noticed it so even
other Democrats are mad so we have this
weird situation that whoever wins the
nomination is going to have a whole
bunch of other angry Democrats doesn't
matter which way you go
imagine if Warren wins the nomination
what will the Bernie supporters do will
they just say well similar policies
we'll just move to Warren after Warren
said what she said about Bernie and most
of them if not all of them believe it's
not true I don't know if they're going I
don't know if you I don't know if Bernie
supporters will leave the most credible
whether you like his policies are not a
separate question but as a human being
as a politician he's the most authentic
credible person the Democrats have if
you support that authentic and credible
how do you switch parties or not switch
parties with switch candidates to Warren
if
she wasn't nomination how do you do that
I don't think you do I think Trump picks
up a lot of those votes just like last
time
and no matter which way it goes I think
somebody's gonna be angry at whoever so
let's go through Oh so here's what I
think happened with that Sanders war and
conversation and see if this doesn't
sound like your experience all the time
all right imagine instead of Warren and
Sanders it's a married couple this will
make it easier for you watch this
imagine that instead of being
politicians Warren and Sanders are just
a married couple and they had a private
conversation and then when they talk
about it later they have two versions
Bernie says I didn't say anything I
didn't say that and Elizabeth Warren
says you did say a woman can't be
president what really happened
wine too backwards you know reverse
engineer it let me tell you what
happened Warren and Sanders were talking
because Warren was I believe fact-check
me in this I think Warren was telling
Bernie she was going to run against them
or thinking about it or probably that
was the conversation what was birding
going to say to Elizabeth Warren when he
found out that she was going to run
against him using essentially his
policies
what would Bernie say about that well if
he's smart which he is if he's
persuasive which apparently he is he
would say something that didn't sound
like women can't win but certainly
suggested it would be harder so it does
seem to me that what birding was trying
to do was talk her out of running if
you're trying to talk somebody out of
running against a Trump and the person
you're talking to is a woman one of the
good ways to do it is to say you know
you're going to be drawing attacks for
your gender that I would not be drawing
so you can have a harder time because
Bernie believes that being a woman will
more kinds of heat that birdie would not
attract which would be sort of
suggesting indirectly that maybe she
couldn't win but that's not a definitive
statement it's only a statement that she
has an extra burden because she's
running against Trump and it might not
be an extra burden if it were somebody
else
now two people are a married couple they
walk out of that conversation the
husband let's call him Bernie said it's
gonna be hard to win as a woman you've
got extra you know extra obstacles what
would be the way the wife and this
analogy Elizabeth Warren
how would she characterize that same
conversation well if she's like
everybody else in the world she'd say my
husband just said I can't win because
I'm a woman is that what he said no no
he would have been talking about the
extra the extra obstacle which is
completely different from woman can't
win as birdie rightly says you know
Hillary got three million more votes
he's been saying for 30 years or 40
years that a woman could be president
it's the most inconsistent thing anybody
could ever say there's no way in the
world he said that to somebody who could
tell somebody else it just didn't happen
but like every other personal
conversation in the world if you say
there's a problem with something and the
other person doesn't like that you're
saying there's a problem with something
how will they characterize it they will
characterize it as an absurd absolute
it's what you see everywhere all the
time the absurd absolute is where you
take somebody's assessment of the risks
hey there's extra risks and then you
turn it illegitimately into he says it
can't happen happens all over Twitter it
happens in all of your personal
conversations it happens in every
relationship is the most common
misinterpretation that a probable gets
turned into a can't
it's the most common thing yes I believe
that's in my book loser think so that's
almost certainly what happened so I
think Warren's credibility is falling
now let's talk about the first question
that I think Wolf Blitzer asked was why
they thought they could be
commander-in-chief and I kind of tell
you that was the weakest bunch of
potential commanders in chief I've ever
seen let me tell you what they all did
wrong like so wrong so wrong that even I
could have done it better
I mean seriously with no practice I
could have gotten on that debate stage
and answered that question better
totally honestly completely seriously I
could have done better and I'm saying
that because many of you could have done
better
almost anybody could have done better
here's what they did wrong now of course
they're talking to their base because
it's the primary so they're not trying
to win the general but if you say why
are you qualified to be commander in
chief here's the wrong answer well I
would never go to war I would never use
my military I would I would just
negotiate what I'd do is I'd negotiate I
wouldn't be going to war what did they
just tell every foreign country that
might want to get a little adventurous
what did they just tell Russia take
whatever you want that's what they said
they basically just said if Russia takes
over Ukraine that they're going to
negotiate with them what maybe you know
maybe that's all you can do but my point
is my point is not even whether it's
smart to be thinking negotiate first
probably yes but the way they presented
it to the world is as surrender errs in
chief it seemed like they were competing
to see who would be the least
threatening to the people we want to
threaten now is our situation in Iran
better because they believe that
Trump would launch the missiles I think
so I mean to me it looks like president
Trump's continuous credible threat of
violence looks like it makes a
difference to me looks like it works how
would I ran be acting if the only thing
they had to worry about is that the
commander-in-chief of the United States
would negotiate a little bit harder I'm
gonna negotiate you you know you better
you better stop funding those proxies or
watch me negotiate you I will negotiate
you so hard
weapons no I'm not gonna use that in
weapons are you kidding me I'm not even
going to cyberattack because that's like
a weapon too
but I will negotiate you like a
surrender and chief negotiates I think
you know Van Jones is correct when you
see them they all look weak
particularly for a job which one of the
greatest assets of the job that you
could bring to the job was the
impression of strength Trump did that
Trump brought to the job the impression
of strength that's important they're all
offering to bring the impression of
weakness are you kidding me you're
running for president to be the
commander-in-chief and you're telling
the world I'd like to bring weakness to
the job I mean not with those words but
when you say you know negotiate
negotiate don't want to use that
military it just sounds like you're
gonna let anybody do anything they want
and maybe that's a good answer
so even Democrats are angry about why
the Democrats are now fighting with each
other but of course they can't they're
all stuck now I didn't see the whole
debate but it seemed to me
I'm sure I'm having trouble
understanding why climate change wasn't
pretty much the only thing they wanted
to talk about because it seems to me
that climate change if it's
the big problem they that they claim it
feels like that should have been the
central point of all of their
presentations they should have you know
worked it back to that they they all
mentioned it but it just seemed weak
because I it just felt like a attack on
or I have to throw this in because it
sounds good
I'm not sure I believed any of them were
serious about it I guess that's the
thing none of them looked yet Steyr
steyr did make as somebody said in the
comments steyr didn't make climate
change more of a central thing but since
steyr himself is not too important to
the race at this point he's sort of a
sort of a sideshow it just felt like it
wasn't getting the level of importance
that their own team believes it believes
it should have when Biden was asked
about his qualifications for
commander-in-chief he was asked to
defend his his record on Iraq which he
says to his credit was a mistake so the
the frontrunner for the Democrats is
running for to be commander-in-chief and
he's claiming that the most important
decision he's ever made there was in
that realm of you know foreign defense
things he got wrong and that's the only
thing I remember about his answer
because there were other things he was
sort of on the team right there were
other situations where Obama did
something and Biden was just sort of
he's on the team I'm vice president hey
I'm on the team I'm part of this so he
he took credit for some things which he
wasn't too directly involved in he was
just one of the people on the team I
call that the wally play if you're
familiar with the Dilbert comic strip
Wally is the lazy the lazy one in the
office and one of his tricks is he
always joins a project that is going to
succeed whether he does good work or not
and then he can always get credit for
being on the project so I think
Biden is pursuing the wali approach well
I was on the I was out of the Obama team
when something good happened when he
when he killed Osama bin Laden even
though I told him not to the two most
famous things the famous things were the
war in Iraq that he says he got wrong
and telling Obama not to try to kill bin
Laden that day until he had more
information and I'm thinking those are
the only things I remember I don't
remember anything else about Joe Biden's
record do you quick mention all of his
accomplishments in that area I can't
think of any but I can think of two
really big high-profile things they
wanting and miss he got wrong and the
other one he just got wrong that's
that's tough to sell and still the field
is so weak he's still the front-runner
all right I think it was Scott who was
it Scott Scott forget his name
Democrats Scott somebody who talked
about the the Democrats being in a quote
pitiful Crouch which was a great a great
play of words what is his name Scott now
you'll tell me he was one of the regular
Democrat pundits on CNN anyway yeah and
somebody who's prompted me in the
comments a lot of the Democrats I
believe have said that the that the Iran
nuclear deal was working well what does
that mean what does it mean that the
Iran nuclear deal was working wasn't
Iran killing Americans and you know the
funding proxies to do terror attacks
what about that that counts for now
what about the fact that after the Iran
nuclear deal timed out they would have
done all the research and being been
ready to just become a nuclear force and
there were only how many years left and
they have a long long time frame if you
don't mention the fact that Iran was
definitely going to get a nuclear weapon
in a few years you're not really
qualified for commander-in-chief it
would be one thing to say the Iran
nuclear deal would keep them from
getting a nuclear bomb for X number of
years that might actually be a pretty
defensible statement but to stay but to
say that the deal prevents them from
getting a nuclear weapon is exactly
wrong it guarantees them a nuclear
weapon after the end of the deal it
guarantees it because they'll have all
this time to do research which they're
allowed to do and then they just put it
together kind of a guarantee all right
so let's talk about the the bottom line
under debates is that it didn't move the
needle so that's good for the
frontrunner I thought Budaj edge has by
far the most clever and I can say this
because Budaj edge is is a white male so
I can call him articulate if you don't
know this you don't want to use the word
articulate about anybody who's not a
white male you're allowed to say it in
that case but it becomes like a back end
and insult if you say you know if you
said a black candidate was articulate it
would be considered an insult because
well why are you even bringing it up
yeah and why do you even have to mention
that unless you think it's some kind of
weird exception but that's that b-buoy
judge is articulate as heck and man can
that guy put a sentence together he's
clearly the smartest yeah I think also
what we're seeing is the benefit of
youth when you see Peabody Judge handle
the question you're seeing somebody
operating at
I would say his biological peak I mean
yeah he could even get better and
smarter and more experienced but man is
he on his game the the the complexity
and the level of his answers was
actually really impressive however there
is a however here he was the smartest
most articulate complicated speaker
however nobody wants that nobody wants
that seriously you know as a mayor he
would have been better as a city manager
you know the guy who does the actual
work
I think Budaj edge is looking like a
really good senator if Budaj edge was
say he doesn't make it to the nomination
but someday decides to run for the
Senate he looks like exactly the kind of
guy you want as a senator you know
assuming that you're a Democrat because
I like the guy who's really in the
details can really analyze something
he's a good you know communicator
clearly he's going to understand thing
at deeper levels but man you see him
standing next to Trump and Trump is
going to make him look like Professor
duty he's gonna he's gonna look like
this wonky professor who can't
communicate with the public
he put a judge did a great job of
communicating with people who watch
democratic debates because they're
probably above average and you know
intelligence and knowledge about things
and so it was probably pretty impressive
if you're CNN watcher of debates but if
you're just a voter I don't think you
want somebody that smart if you know
what I mean people really don't love
that smart they want you to be smart in
a streetwise way smart in a political
way smart in a leader way but they don't
really want you that smart that smart is
off-putting because people don't relate
to it at all
so that's his biggest problem I thought
Klobuchar there's something about the
way she talks this sounds weak does
anybody else pick that up it's in her
voice it's not because it's a female
voice I'm not saying that so what I'm
gonna say now has nothing to do with
their gender at all but there's
something when she's she sounds she
talks with some kind of urgency that
makes her voice quiver a little bit
there's something about the confidence
of her voiceless missing which again
would make her a great senator but
president you just need that little bit
of extra gravitas confidence is it maybe
it's missing some confidence I don't
know what it is
wavery somebody is saying but are you
picking that up too
now by the way I think Klobuchar is a
really strong candidate I think she's
smart I think she got this far as she
said she's won everything she would be
strong in the Midwest
she's centrist she's where the voters in
her party are she's really strong
candidate you know experience wise and
and skill wise she got this far and I
would say that my opinion of her has has
gone up you know every time I see her
because she's just a solid solid
candidate I think but the voters are not
for whatever reason the voters in the
Democratic Party are not finding her
let's say inspirational so I think she
lacks the inspirational element and I
think that's going to put a cap on her
Bernie was okay and Biden I thought
Biden it seemed like he was barely
avoiding a gaffe the entire time he was
talking it felt like an old man driving
without his glasses
I think there's a right turn here I'm
pretty sure the speed limit is 25 if
this had a car or I can't tell he missed
all the other pedestrians but I felt
like they were all near misses it felt
like he was right on the edge of gaffing
because he would he would stop and he'd
correct what he said to make it more
accurate he would clarify as he went it
felt like he was struggling for
coherence now he was coherent ish you
know he was he spoke in generalities so
there wasn't much there to to grab on to
but P held on so maybe that's good
enough let's talk about something else
so there's new evidence new evidence in
documents and texts and messages and
stuff regarding Ukraine and the
impeachment process and if you haven't
been following it let me explain the new
evidence all right and I'll try to give
this in the simplest way because it's a
complicated story here are the players
Murray ivanovitch UD Giuliani robber
Hyde president zalanski Lev partners Joe
and hunter Biden general Yurii Lutsenko
and Victoria Tenzing that's all you need
to know that's the end of the story now
there's some details to the story but
here's the rule are you ready if there
are more than three people in the story
it doesn't matter
watch how often that rule works now not
every time but I used to have a rillette
I was it used to be in a relationship in
which I had a girlfriend who would tell
stories that had too many people in them
and I realized that when you've got to
the fourth character in the story I
couldn't follow it anymore it became too
complicated so her stories were all okay
so then you know Bob was over there he
was with Janice and Janice's brother
came in and he was saying that they're
her sister and I'd be will hold on hold
on
I'm not gonna follow any of the story
four characters that's too much story
for me if you can get that down to three
I'm gonna follow along but here they
have a one two three four five six seven
eight at minimum it's an eight character
story and that's not even counting the
president that's without Trump it's an
eight character story how many people in
the public are going to follow a story
about Ukraine on something that feels
like old news that involves eight
characters operating in a way that
corresponds to and connects to a story
with ten more players about something
with impeachment and Ukraine and
something about the letter and it was
the perfect letter but maybe it wasn't
perfect and who did Trump talk to and
what were the dates of that and who
exactly has information about the stuff
that was and doesn't even matter it can
care he do that anyway the most
complicated story you've ever seen and
watching CNN wrestle with this is
hilarious because it's the story that
can't be told it literally can't be told
I mean you could you could write it down
in an accurate way which all the details
are there but nobody's going to
understand it if they bother to read it
it's all just becoming this what seems
yes oh they said conflate in the
comments it's all starting to conflate
into the same stuff it doesn't even feel
like new so here's a little test be
ready for this find an article about
these new shocking bombshell revelations
that involve live porn as some kind of a
loose associate of Rudy Giuliani with
this you crate stuff find an article and
then see how far you have to read into
the article before you can find what the
point is I've never found it so I read a
very long article on cnn.com and I was
trying to figure out okay it's a
bombshell it's new information that's
Dan
Oh what exactly and I kept reading and
reading looking for the part where they
say and here's the important part here's
why we're telling you this here's the
main point here's the bombshell and I
kept reading and reading and then I ran
on a text and I don't know what it was I
mean I actually don't know what was the
Bob Phil I keep reading stories and
seeing stories and I don't know and I
even tried
I put work into it I actually I put some
muscle into it I tried to understand the
story and I couldn't there's nothing
there
all right here's the funniest comment
from representative Val Demmings a
Florida Democrat and the House
Intelligence and Judiciary Committee and
this is what she told CNN when asked
about the Parnas documents which is what
I've been talking about she said quote I
think it's something we can't ignore do
you know what this is this is something
you can really you could really ignore
all right so Bella is out to says I'm
very disingenuous and I'm not that
stupid
well you got blocked reasons only
insults to your hosts are not allowed
YouTube continues to D monetize me for
no reason and so I do a commercial a day
which I'll do again so my content is
also mirrored on bit shoot bi TCH ute
and rock fin you have to be a subscriber
to see it on Rocklin ROK fim if you
google either shoot or rock film
you'll find their sites and just Google
need to find it
and and I and let me tell you that my
youtube channel is this content do you
think there's anything about this
content that an advertiser should be
afraid of
compared to other content where they
swear and they do just about everything
well well well so there's somebody at
YouTube who's D monetizing me it's
probably one individual whose actual job
it is who sees my contents as haha d
monetize I'm watching this story about
the law enforcement and Bilborough wants
Apple to help them break into an Apple
device that this terrorist had an apple
either can't or won't or there's some
disagreement about whether they're
helping or not I tend to believe Apple
and this they probably are helping but
there's nothing they could do they made
it they made it encrypted for a reason
and I'm kind of torn on this because on
one hand I do want law enforcement to be
able to find terrorists and all that on
the other hand I've kind of liked the
fact that nobody can get into my phone
unless they have my password I kind of
like that so I'm kind of torn on this I
could go either way on this but I
definitely respect Apple for having
privacy on their phone that that's a
completely supportable position even if
that privacy is working against the
government's interests and law
enforcement have you all seen the Bernie
video it's about project Veritas as a
video in which a Bernie one of Bernie's
what we call campaign people I forget
who I don't care what his name is we're
saying that if Bernie doesn't win with
Wisconsin would burn and that the police
would police would get beaten up and I'm
thinking is that guy not fired yet
because if that guy's still on the
campaign I think Bernie's gonna have
some questions to answer
has he been fired yet somebody says yes
anyway if he's not fired by the end of
the day I think you have to worry about
birdy now here's a birdie thought let me
ask you this a lot of people think that
Bernie at his current age he's not too
old to be president would you want a
president who was too old to drive
because bernie does Drive I believe I
just saw a video of him pulling out of
his driveway and it seems to me
somebody's saying that the name of the
Bernie campaign guy was Kyle jurrac that
sounds right but it seems to me that if
you think a guy where a woman would not
be qualified to drive an automobile
because they're too old and I'd be real
worried about getting in the car with
Bernie wouldn't you I mean seriously if
Bernie is driving do you want to be in
the passenger seat serious question what
do you feel safe and if you don't well
maybe you should maybe you should find
some meaning in that one of Rupert
Murdoch's sons is mad at Fox News which
is owned by Rupert Murdoch's parent
company because Fox News is blaming or
at least some of the pundits are not the
news people but some of the pundits are
opinion pieces opinion people on Fox
News are blaming the fires that are just
devastating Australia blaming it on
arson instead of climate change to which
I say loser think loser think if there
are two reasons for a thing and you're
only willing to say there's one reason
for a thing you should not be listened
to if you are saying that the problem
with Australia is only arson or you're
saying that it's only climate change you
should not be listened to
why can't it be both wouldn't that be
the more likely thing that its climate
change that you wouldn't have to worry
about that much
if not for 200 arsons if you didn't have
200 arsons would you care that there was
a climate change because nothing would
be on fire I mean and if it was it would
be limited compared to 200 fires so the
same way I criticized Hillary Clinton
for saying a new reason why she lost
every week when in fact it was a
thousand reasons a thousand things had
to happen just the way they happened
for the result to be just what it was so
this whole climate change versus fire
thing is just dumb people arguing with
each other if you can't say it might be
both you don't belong in the public
conversation about it now I would
respect people who say there is no
climate change element at all but I
think you have to say that if there is
some climate change you need both the
climate change and the arson to get the
problem you have if you take any one of
those away you might have a different
outcome
although the climate part people will
debate I saw a very convincing graphic
that showed that showing the earth
warming and I would say at this point
that the earth is warming probably is as
close to effect as you can get and
probably also that co2 is part of that
we don't know how much you know that
that parts a little harder but I think
that's parts of fact to the part the
only part that I think deserves serious
questioning is the economic projections
that come from that over 80 years
nobody can project an 80 year thing and
if I had to predict if there were any
kind of a betting market I would say
this this is what I would say if there
were a betting market I would bet that
will be fine and the fewer people will
die in the future from major disasters
than in the past
because that's the way it's always been
and will probably continue so I don't
think there's gonna be an earth
killing and but it's worth worrying
about how does global warming stop
rained well do you really want the
answer to that if global if global
warming changes the weather patterns you
would expect some places to get warmer
or some places to get cooler some places
to rain more than the usual some places
rain less than usual so it's the
disruption that's the problem it's not
some general continuous warming that
affects everybody the same way if you're
talking about disruptions which make
everything different than it was and if
you've built a society around a certain
temperature and climate and it changes
well your society is gonna have to
adjust to that and that could be
expensive and dangerous sunspots plate
tectonics yeah I said before and I'll
say again the worst take on climate
change is that it's the Sun now even if
you're right it's the worst thing
because it assumes that the scientists
haven't really looked into that they
have they have they looked into the Sun
that's like right on the that's in the
top five of things you look into if
you're a climate scientist because the
Sun creates some warmth so you're gonna
look at the Sun so everybody who says
the climate scientists forgot to look at
the Sun or they got it wrong
that's the worst take even if you're
right you could actually accidentally be
right about that that it's really the
Sun and amazingly all the scientists got
the Sun wrong or they forgot to look at
it I'd be as possible but it's not good
take what's the optimal co2 level well
here's the other worse to take on
climate here's the other worse to take
co2 used to be much higher in the past
that is an uninformed take true this is
a true statement but it's also true that
when co2 was high a number of other
variable
including the Sun were different so
looking at what co2 was in the past is
irrelevant if you go past if you go into
the far past because there were too many
other things different about the earth
so it's not a confidence not a
comparison sorry Scott the IPCC is
adding the Sun to the next report that
supports what I'm saying that doesn't
refute what I'm saying I'm saying that
the scientists have looked at the Sun
and that's not what they consider the
primary mover of climate change so if
it's included in the IPCC report it
won't be included as oh we found out
it's just the Sun that's not going to
happen
all right the Sun was different yes in
early Earth life when when co2 was much
higher the brightness and the warmth of
the Sun was substantially different that
is correct that is one of the big
variables that were there was different
in the past what if climate climate
scientists are lying somebody says why
are scientists automatically beyond
reproach I never said that
now the Australia thing is confusing me
because even if it's climate change why
are they blaming their own government
does that make sense
the Australian seem to be blaming their
own government for climate change what
is the total percentage of climate
change that Australia is responsible for
one percent one percent there's nothing
that Australia you can do by itself it
would make any difference to climate
change so I don't even understand what
the protesters are complaining about
they should be protesting China right
and India
[Music]
never hear them talk about solar cycles
because it's not too relevant apparently
it would take a lot to convert me
somebody says somebody's saying that the
co2 one of the bad informations on the
internet you'll find is that co2 follows
temperatures instead of the other way
around or not you'll see on the on the
Internet's the skeptics will say no the
the the warmth happens first and then
the co2 follows that's been debunked if
you don't know that spin debunked just
google it and you'll see the debunking
apply both venues reporting rule bright
Breitbart not Fox I don't know what your
topic is there co2 has never been higher
well there are experts saying it was
once higher failure to do controlled
burning that may be part of it
I don't know enough about that topic
somebody says co2 is a lagging indicator
I just told you if you google it that
has been debunked so it's one of the
common things that skeptics say but it's
debunked yeah the scientists have looked
at it and they know that that's just not
the case it doesn't follow but you will
and I remember I've read the debunking
and it has something to do with the way
the graph is made blah blah so that it
is just not true that it follows how
many here there was cooling during the
industrial revolution yeah all of those
things have been debunked so basically
every everything that you believe is a
debunking scientific fact has been
debunked by the actual sign
I don't there are no exceptions to that
if you think that you have one that has
not been debunked just google it Google
what you think is true that hasn't been
debunked along with the word debunked
it'll pop right up no now I want to say
carefully that none of this means that
science is right because often there
could be a consensus and they could be
wrong I'm just saying that the people
who know how to debunk this stuff have
debunked all of these common skeptical
things if you haven't seen the debunk
you shouldn't believe believing
believing the people who make these
claims you've got at least see both of
them alright that's all I got for you
and I'll talk to you later