hey everybody come on in it's time for
the simultaneous swaddle it's that time
when you get to enjoy the unparalleled
pleasure feeling connected to people all
over the world at the same time wrapped
in a soft blanket or just thinking about
it or just wishing you were wrapped in a
soft blanket well we got plenty of news
lots of stuff to talk about a lot of
people are gonna bring you the bad news
about the corona virus and I figured
that beats pretty well-covered all the
bad news but is there no light at the
end of the tunnel is there nothing that
we can appreciate while we get through
these tough times well I think there
there are lots of things one of the
things that I would like to celebrate is
human ingenuity quite quite impressive
wouldn't you say today in fact I tweeted
an article i retweeted an article that
MIT came up with a design where you
could make your own ventilator for parts
that I guess are easily obtainable for a
hundred dollars now who saw that coming
you know what's a real ventilator cost
probably I think it's over $10,000 it's
pretty expensive right
somebody tell me in the comments how
much does a good ventilator cost so when
I saw that the geniuses at MIT had
invented a do-it-yourself $100 a
ventilator I thought I'm gonna make one
of those and I thought I'm not going to
be selfish and just sort of make it for
myself I want to also teach you how to
make it so
trust me this is easier than you think
so I'm going to teach you how to make
$100 possibly less because you'll be
using material
say you could obviously I think all of
you have around your house so this is be
the first time I've tried this but I'm
confident a lot of people you don't know
that I'm not just a cartoonist
I worked as an engineer for years at the
phone company and when I say I worked as
an engineer I mean as an engineer on my
business card I didn't have any actual
training but I worked near engineers and
I had the same job done and if you work
near people long enough you can pick up
you can get the vibe right you don't
have to you know spend four years in
college you know MIT you know you work
near people you pick up things and so I
started to assemble the parts and make
sure that you're writing this down
they're not many parts to it but write
this down so you want to look around
your house and just use common household
items for example grab your air hawk I
know you have one of these so this
normally would be used for filling up a
tire that's a to inflate a tire but you
know by itself well this would be a
pretty poor ventilator by itself right
and think we could agree but then you
want to take a tube that comes from your
hydroponic garden that turned out to be
a huge mistake and you want to insert
the tube now watch this into the air
hawk like that all right then that and
then the other tube is available now
this isn't the kind of thing that you
want to just start using on an actual
patient without a little testing so
you're going to need to run some kind of
a clinical trial
I've been safety first so you're going
to need one other thing you need one of
these now I don't know exactly where you
can get one of these
probably a home depot I got mine in the
back yard when I was digging of digging
a little foundation for a shed and and I
thought you know I might need it someday
so I thought well not gonna throw it
away and if you were gonna throw it away
what bidden would it go and it's not
exactly trash you can't really recycle
it it's not lawn clippings so I was kind
of trapped
I wanted to discard it but I'm also a
good citizen so I'm like well maybe I'll
just reuse it someday more it's almost
like a recycling thing so anyway you see
you take the tube that's attached to the
airhawk that goes in here that then you
turn on the air Hawk and then and then
you remove the ventilator again less
than a hundred dollars in parts stuff
that's that's already in your home your
your patient has recovered as you can
see you have to use a little bit of
imagination here it's not I mean I can't
do everything for you and you can see
that the hundred dollar ventilator was
quite successful now somebody's
suggesting duct tape that's a fine
upgrade that's a good upgrade all right
so president I gave a press conference
tonight I rank it he is guess one I
would say in number one and you know of
course people have and will continue to
mock me sometimes was good with good
cause
because when I say good things about the
president they say you only say good
things about the president no matter
what he does but that wouldn't be the
case lately I think most of you would
agree I've been pretty pretty brutal on
his earliest you know his some of his
earlier communication but I would have
to say of all the Trump public things
he's done I mean not counting rallies
they're their own category but the if
you count you know press conferences I
would say this is his best one not just
of the not only of the pandemic
situation but the best of his presidency
I would say and I think actually clearly
I think it was actually just a clear
best best of class so far so good job
there mr. president I thought he had all
the right notes he had the right tone I
loved it when he fought with CNN that's
just part of the show somebody on
Twitter said you know was was mocking
him and by extension me was mocking the
president for bragging about his ratings
for his press conferences and you know I
guess the the assumption was that it
would be bad to be dealing with this you
know catastrophe but also you know in
the same breath is saying that your
ratings are really good and I thought to
myself what kind of an artist are you
because in my world one of the most
important functions of the government
and certainly of the president is to
inform the public to tell us what to do
what's coming up and you know even you
couldn't argue in the details about some
little stuff you know the details were
wrong and had to be corrected I don't
think any of that's going to matter in
the long run but I'll tell you what does
matter what matters a lot is that the
citizens feel that they they really have
some kin
action to its government and the
government is doing lots of stuff which
the citizens don't know is the right
thing the wrong thing the right time we
don't really know but we like to feel
connected to something that's happening
because just being connected to it
hearing about it you know learning
battery figuring out what we're supposed
to do knowing what to expect and all
that stuff is super important so what
would be what would be more important
than having good ratings you know the
way the president does it is always more
interesting and provocative than someone
else would do it but should he not is
this going too far I mean it's just too
much for Chile or for the president to
say that it's absolutely functionally
superior to have more people watching
him inform the country what to think and
what to know and you know not what to
think exactly but you know what what to
you know what we need to know that they
know that sort of thing what can be
better than having a big audience it's
crazy so I mean he nails have done that
that that's probably the strongest thing
he does that nobody will ever be able to
to equal you know in the history of
future presidents I doubt they'll ever
be one who can command attention the way
this one can and see if you have the
same response that I did so today the
president was showcasing a number of I
guess CEOs of big companies that were
being especially helpful for the
pandemic so there's CEO of ups and CEO
of this and that hospital and whatever
and so some of the CEOs got to say their
little piece first a table there was an
earlier setting where they were sitting
around the table but with some good
distance and yeah and then later when
they was at the podium you know some of
them would come up and say a few words
and I was really struck by how little
charisma these top-level CEOs have
compared to Trump
yeah
if you have it to play it back or
anything just look for that just look at
the the raw wattage of the CEO it's just
as a charisma scale they forget about
whether you like him or don't like him
I'm just saying pure interesting
charisma and then you watch the
president come on and like that you know
the stadium lights come on and he's just
it's just like a billion watts brighter
then then these guys who are top CEOs in
the whole country you know and I'm not
saying this is any kind of an insult the
CEO is because they're they didn't get
their jobs by you know being bad at what
they do obviously you know I assume that
all those CEOs are just you know the top
level kinds of performers or they
wouldn't be in that situation but even
they kind of disappeared a little bit
when Sean when Trump was in you have the
same zip code it's I don't think people
will quite understand how good he is
history is gonna be so kind to him if
nothing worse happens you know assuming
that he doesn't break anything in the
future if if all that happens is we get
past this and get back to something kind
of normal he will be judged so well by
how well he captured the audience and
got our attention at least at least for
that stuff anyway at this moment the
death toll from the corona virus is
negative meaning more people are alive
because of it now I'm not saying that's
going to stay that way but it is a fact
that the actual natural deaths that we
would have had from car accidents and
such is actually been studied now
there's enough data that we can look at
and say well how do we do for you know
accidental deaths that week and I think
they're down like five to five to ten
thousand so since the the lockdown got
serious
something between five and ten thousand
people are alive that would have
otherwise been dead now the cost of that
is a little over I think I think it's
crossed 2,000 people have died so far
now you can't compare because the
coronaviruses is far from done all right
so we don't know what that number grows
to and that's the only thing that
matters in the long run but will we save
another five or ten thousand lives next
week you know or I'm not sure if it was
a one or two week period whatever it
whatever it was but certainly we're
going to be in lockdown some more so
wouldn't you therefore conclude that we
will get whatever we say it before would
probably continue so we might save
fifteen to thirty thousand lives I mean
a great cost of course because you know
people are dying a coronavirus the
economy's you know taking a hit so at
great cost but you have to add all the
costs of the benefits if you're actually
going to have a an adult opinion about
things you have to say this counts
because it's all the same decision it
caused the side benefits those have to
be in the calculations so I'm gonna I'd
like to go on record as being the most
optimistic person who also thinks that
the corona virus is super deadly there
there are people more optimistic than me
who never thought the corona virus was
going to be worse than the flu so I'm
not counting them that they can have a
competition within their own category I
would like to be the biggest optimist in
the category of people who also think
it's exactly the same pandemic that the
experts think that they that the the
topside worst case actually is somewhere
in the general vicinity of what the
experts say so I believe that to be true
I don't know it to be true but we're all
we're all kind of guessing are we I
don't know it to be true how could you
you know my years on this earth you know
whatever whatever brain cells I have
have converged on that opinion fairly
strongly that the the downside risk is
pretty tremendous if this got out of
hand
so I'm you're I believe that we have
several ways out and that if we can hold
on as the president has now moved the
target date if we can hold on to the new
target date will will either have a lot
more supply of things we need include
masks tests ventilators will have we
might have more kind of lessen serum you
know we might maybe we'll have DNA tests
we're probably getting better read
social distancing so there's a whole
bunch of stuff that can happen in the
between now and the new deadline which
is April 30th I believe so April 30th is
sort of the new expect to be locked down
until then date but of course everything
is flexible based on changing data now I
would like to update something that I
had said earlier so before the President
had ever picked a date and before he had
ever said let's you for Easter I had
said he should give us a date even if
it's wrong even if it's revised
because you'll feel better and it won't
change what we do because they'll always
have the ability to revise anytime they
want but you just feel better if your
government said well we don't know what
we're going to shoot for this so that
was the Easter date almost immediately
some of the experts were saying wow you
know it's sort of aspirational which is
the word that president used today and
and when he revised it he talked about
talking to all of his experts
considering all the options you know I
think the public and this is something
he did really well I think the public
really thought he wanted to get back to
work soon
so the fact that he you know that you
knew that was his bias and then he
described talking to the experts and
then coming to this decision which is
very much different from where you from
where you knew his bias was so that
gives you actually some confidence
because you can see the range of his you
know flexible thought and that it landed
compatible with the experts now are the
experts right no it does I think in this
case they're the smart bat at least in
terms of sizing the thing and and
guiding us toward solutions but my point
is the next several weeks will get us to
and probably have you know way more
tests and masks and hydro chloric wind
and test results and stuff so where do
we go hard at it we're gonna be pretty
well-equipped so given all that and the
fact that I think the hydrochloric Queen
is sort of already working am i right so
my understanding is that if you get the
hydroxychloroquine if you get it as you
know sort of soon after you get symptoms
your odds of never needing a ventilator
are really good but if they don't give
it to you until you're sort of you know
on or near the ventilator it still can
work pretty well but it's not the it's
not the magic that it would be if he got
it early so why should you expect if
that's actually true versus just my
anecdotal hallucinations which it could
be right we could all be who's
hallucinating that there's evidence for
this but it's really just anecdotal so
what you would expect to say is that the
the number of deaths would start to
level off at the same time the number of
infections with skyrocketing and I think
you're gonna start to see that I think
maybe you've already seen the first
signal of that but you have to wait a
few days to see if it's just noise I
guess
or a coincidence but that's what that's
what to look for and I would expect to
see that so if they hydroxychloroquine
that works as we suspect we could get
the death rate down below the point that
even though it could be a few tens of
thousands of people we could actually
get a below the point if you net you out
the people who didn't die because
they're not on the road this week with
drunk drivers you know for that same
time period
so my moat my optimistic projection is
that the net all things considered will
be under five thousand five thousand
deaths now that's not anywhere near what
any experts saying and by the way I'm
even calculating you know just not with
anything that any science behind it but
I'm assuming in my opinion I'm not
forgetting any deaths from extra poverty
from the you know the economic
dislocation so I'm gonna be the super
optimist on this with the understanding
you should know in advance that almost
nobody who knows what they're talking
about thinks it will be this good I'm
kind of alone on this but that's what
makes it fun right
have you ever seen me make a prediction
in which I was completely alone and that
it turned out well so if you have all
right I couldn't believe that Trump
called out New York City not not
necessarily the government but
apparently they're a lot of masks have
been shipped to New York City but they
seem to be maybe disappearing now that's
not and I mean by disappearing I mean
stolen and now that's not confirmed but
what's interesting about this is that
Trump I think Trump has a really good
sort of BS detector yeah crime detector
you know say what you will about him but
don't you think he can sniff you know
sniff out a you know a little
impropriety like he would be good at
that don't you think
especially if had to do with New York
City and let's say the the the
underworld connection to moving goods
back and forth in New York City so if
Trump looked at those numbers and said
ah maybe those numbers are real but I
really think the press on a look into
this because it doesn't look real to me
it looks like something's falling off of
the back of trucks and I don't think I
could have loved more the fact that he
put that out there
even without proof because I don't know
if I had to put odds on it was 70%
chance he's right
wouldn't you say that's worth looking
into if you had if you had to guess is
Trump right that there is massive
criminal activity going around these you
know these so valuable masks when you
kind of assume there must be you know in
especially in this environment and the
fact that it's probably easy to get away
with it yeah I think I think Trump knows
might you just might sumela from you
know ten states away and you might be
right let's see what else we got going
on here so the experts were predicting
that zero to two know what was it from
zero to two million or twenty know
twenty thousand to two million or
something
two hundred thousands of two million
some gigantic number I hope not
here's the idea so Bill Ackman hedge
fund guys sometimes not that popular in
some circles if you're on the other end
of a trade and you
lost money you don't like him but he he
tweets less and I don't think he's some
big friend in the president but this was
a productive idea you know no matter who
you are so listen to this so Bill Ackman
says mr. president in his tweet
why don't you launch the biggest
infrastructure program of all time now
roads bridges and other infrastructure
involving outdoor work pretty clever huh
that allows for social distancing that's
not bad
he says doing so will put Americans back
to work now and good-paying virus safe
jobs and you know I have to say like why
didn't I think of that
you hear that idea and the first thing
you think of is why didn't somebody
already say that did nobody say that
before I didn't think of it but what
would be a better time to do the biggest
bipartisan infrastructure build of all
time seriously what would be the better
time to get a bipartisan enormous
infrastructure bill and just put masses
of people back to work outdoors it's
kind of brilliant you know being honest
there's nothing wrong with that idea
right okay
of course with all this big news CNN
decided that the thing they would focus
on is that when the president was
sparring with a member of the press he
referred to her as part of a group
meaning the press then he doesn't like
as you people which was immediately
interpreted as what what was that that's
right
yes it was interpreted as racist so
that's what CNN decided to focus on say
you got that
I would like to read to you before I
take your questions a tweet thread that
might make you feel better so suddenly
you already saw this but I think it's
worth reading it to you again
and goes like this
the Kuroda virus is acting like an
unwelcome Olympics for scientists
doctors engineers entrepreneurs techies
leaders parents and ordinary heroes of
every kind setting records in every
event you can almost feel humanity
getting smarter the most capable among
us are forming lasting connections
sharing best practices learning
shortcuts building a working trust
creating tools of blazing speeds one way
to imagine the future is that the
economy will lose trillions of dollars
and we'll never get it back another
filter in the future is that energy
doesn't disappear it only relocates and
changes form a huge amount of energy is
leaving the economy we know that for
sure what is less clear is where that
energy is going my filter shows a global
mind being formed in real time to find
our common enemy the virus that mine
needs a lot of energy like a newborn and
Wow
is it getting it I had resisted the
common pundit prediction that everything
would be different after this crisis
because I expect a speedy recovery but I
revise my opinion while I still expect a
speedy recovery I also think this
experience is rewiring the rewiring the
collective mind of civilization we
probably crammed
years of innovation into months will be
coming out of this with a lot of extra
knowledge about our systems and about
ourselves and that energy will get
channeled back into the economy
the coming weeks will test us all but
when it is over we will be far smarter
and far tougher in every way as Steve
Jobs proved the right thoughts and the
right skill stack can turn into
trillions of dollars civilizations skill
stack is undergoing a major upgrade
watch how much energy that later pumps
into the economy it will be amazing so
that's my positive thoughts for the day
if any of you have any if any of you
have a question I would be happy to do
take a shout out all right yeah that was
a tweet thread that I wrote earlier
today so it's pinned to my pin to my
Twitter feed if you want to see it and
yes somebody says the energy released
thanks to deregulation yeah one wonders
if you can put that genie back in the
bottle so easily that we all kind of
witnessed something incredible which is
what humans can do if friction is
removed in the friction in terms of
government requirements now of course
that's dangerous but it was pretty
amazing
and we were right in the middle of it
and watching it is it's sort of a yab
it's a privilege to be able to watch
this this degree of human capability
coming together at this time what does
the ideal government look like well I
think we might be evolving into it oddly
enough
here's what I mean when I talk about the
energy that's being taken out of the
economy and then stored into the global
mind imagine if you will that before
this crisis that people were sort of
like independent Islands you know each
person just think of them as an
Island just visualize this and some of
those islands had you know bridges
connected him so now in your mind
connect a few of the islands to each
other but make sure not all of the
islands are connected to all the other
islands or just you know you can get
from every island to every other island
but maybe you have to do a two hop or
something but what this crisis did is it
took those existing islands and suddenly
everybody could talk to other people and
they did and they did it easily because
of the internet and we formed these
connections instantly that didn't exist
before so there were a whole bunch of
bridges that just went springing out
from each Island so that everybody now
was only one jump away from everybody
else you didn't have to do it to hop to
get to anybody you could pick up a phone
you could send a message you could DM
and you were talking to anybody in the
world and if they needed you and you
needed them and you recognized that you
connected immediately and that and if
you visualize that those islands first
with just a few bridges but enough to
get from anywhere to anywhere and then
suddenly bridges from every island in
every direction that's where all the
energy went so all of our all the energy
that we had been putting into the
economy we suddenly just turned in the
same direction as one following our
leaders who were pointing us at the
common enemy the virus and over several
weeks we've taken all of that energy
that would have otherwise been put into
the various parts of the economy focuses
on this one incredibly important task
and something amazing is happening and I
think that you know because we formed
this global mind if you will the after
we beat the virus those connections not
every one of them but many of them will
remain and will have a will have a let's
say a shared civilization memory of what
worked and what didn't
we'll all see a whole bunch of rapid
models and tests we'll see how a B
testing works
we're all going to be better
decision-makers because one of the weird
things is this has been like a a harvard
business case and had to make decisions
with inadequate information that's
changing all the time and lots of
interests and lots of variables and
because it's such a shared experience we
all were engaged in the harvard business
case we all got to see all the variables
we all got to say alright if this were
me what would I do yeah how would I
handle this and so we all we all sort of
learned almost like a college class in
crisis management if you think about it
you it would take you a while to to make
a list but if you thought about all the
concepts that are really good ones the
things that you'll learn at the end of
the cycle because it's like taking we're
all at college basically we're learning
a ton about how do you approach these
situations
what do you do how do you get ready how
do you assess risk how do you manage
risk how do you balance things when you
know these kinds of lives are at the
risk versus these kind had it you know
how do you apply you know ingenuities
the problem versus you know money versus
all those things so you know I think
we're going to come out of this with a
global mind that's grown all these new
neurons that many of them will be
permanent and we'll just know how to
solve problems differently we'll have a
different maybe a different feeling
about red tape maybe we won't tolerate
it perhaps we'll have procedures that we
do in good times and a set of procedures
that immediately go into effect where
there's a crisis and at the very least
this situation has surfaced who the
leaders are and who the capable people
are and who the people really you know
you can depend on and you know in a
crunch and I think some of that's
permanent to there were there will be
people within corporate America probably
people in government
whose entire careers will be determined
by how they get through the next several
months you know just the way 9/11 made a
rudy giuliani this is not just New York
although they're getting hit hardest
this is all of us so every mayor every
governor every every senator every
representative every person on the task
force they're all audition for a better
job or more more responsibility later so
if nothing else we're going through the
greatest talent filter our country's
ever experienced that's good and I do
think even though I'm a bit of a cynic
and a skeptic I do think that some of
what we're learning about being able to
work together is good a last not all of
it you know there there's gonna be a lot
of goodwill that's happening now because
people understand there are higher
priorities and then arguing about you
know politics and most of that will go
away you know as soon as we get back to
normal we just go back to being humans
we get a little tribal because we would
have that luxury but I don't think it's
all going away I think there's going to
be a good solid ten percent that is a
lasting civilization of memory that says
yeah I'm arguing with you now but when
you know when the when the stuff goes
down you're you and I are gonna be on
the same team I've always thought that
that's why the the United States and
France for example will always be best
buddies you know internationally no
matter how much we argue with them and
you know if you don't like them for this
or their attitude or their policies or
socialist whatever yeah we might bicker
like siblings forever but the one thing
that we sort of believe about each other
you know France in the United States is
there based on history we would have
each other's backs
that feels permanent doesn't it
you know what when was the last time I
mean in your lifetime when it was left
last time you had to have Frances back
or France had to have our back you know
in skirmishes and Iraq and stuff but
those were sort of you know over there
I'm not sure if that was a case of
anybody having any buddies backs but you
know we would right and part of the
reason that we would like you know with
a hundred percent certainty if you live
in America that if France were you know
seriously threatened by an external
threat the the next thing that France
would hear is could you step out of the
way could you you know you know we love
that you want to fight this out on your
own but seriously just just step out of
the way give us ten minutes and the
United States would take care of
business because we would always have
Frances back and the reason we would is
because they've had our back right
historically and vice-versa so that kind
of feeling can last you can last
generations and there might be this is
the hopeful part of me there might be
just a little bit of this experience
when we get to the end of it that we
just remember as a society we just
remember that we're capable
we're just capable of being on the same
side when it's important so that's the
last thing that I'd like to leave with
you and now I'd like you to go off to a
really good night's sleep
and I will see you in the morning you
know what time make sure you've got your
simultaneous sipping beverage have a
good night