boom-boom-boom-boom
join me everybody sing along hey
everybody come on in this is better
better than simply coffee with Scott
Adams this is new this is upgraded it's
the best you've ever seen
featuring navall ravikant and evolve say
hi hello everybody we are here to talk
about everything interesting maybe not
our usual topics but everything
interesting we're gonna we're gonna go
places and I would like to start with
this question are we a computer
simulation thanks for starting with the
easy one do you know this is like my
number one question people ask basil
because that's that's my view and you
know my view yeah but give me your
updated view I've got a couple of
thoughts on it I don't have a concrete
view obviously statistically likely that
were in a simulation just because of how
how these things develop the simulations
develop simulations but but I would say
wait give them for the people who are
new to this yeah just give them leave
okay on a long enough period of time a
sufficiently advanced civilization will
invent a simulation go into it and since
the universe has been around for a
really really long period of time it has
probably already happened many many
times over its to statistically likely
given how long it takes to do it which
is how long the universe has been around
that's so that's why a lot of people
just think mathematically speaking we
are in a simulation but I would say on
top of that what's interesting is if you
look at Buddhism as sort of a philosophy
and if you look at the simulation
hypothesis a lot of things that are true
in Buddhism are true in the simulation
hypothesis like they call it Maya the
great game the illusion of the world
really right that's that's the reference
so there's already simulation type
references well but is illusion a
simulation because that there's a
different intention behind those two
things somehow needed one and the other
one else yes yeah so the intentionality
is a really good
question like for example queso what the
Buddhists would basically say like you
know we're all one thing which you could
argue like in the matrix I think yeah
we're all made of the same code so we're
all basically one program that's running
and in the if you when they talk about
the multiple lives hypothesis which
there's no proof oh by the way but it's
just like their religion right that's
like someone playing the game over and
over until and then what does
enlightenment buddhism is realizing the
whole thing is a game so you can map the
simulation have pots and buddhism onto
each other very nicely so i i've often
had this upgrade to the simulation
hypothesis that plays off of that that
if there were something called
reincarnation and were a simulation
could it be that the creator of the
simulation we are working from a
software can't you know because every
kid every kid could make his own
universe now it's the future they say
i'm gonna put myself as the character
and i'll play different lives yeah so
there'll be something about me right i
take to each of these lives maybe it's a
central characteristic of me but not all
of them that's sort of it yeah I mean
it's a final hypothesis there's no
evidence for that of course I think one
thing that doesn't get discussed in
simulation hypothesis is if we create a
simulation the simulation is never going
to be as good as a real thing because
the compute power that we have to
simulate another complex system you know
users you just use up all the atoms and
molecules and energy in your simulation
unless you're creating a world where
people are hallucinating the reality
that's which is exactly our world okay
right so some of the strongest argument
that were in a simulation is that the
way you would conserve resources is
exactly what we see so if you were the
if you were the maker you wouldn't say
you the universe is infinitely large
because you can't program it you would
say well let's say it started as a small
thing and it's getting bigger but it's
got an edge and you can't get there how
convenient that nobody can go the speed
of light because you can't get to the
outside and find out you're in this
simulation I do and how
universe you know quantum mechanics is
the smallest forces and particles are
actually discrete you can't go below
that right so there's a there's a level
below which you just not allowed to peek
the universe is an analogue and
continuous it's actually discrete the
quantum which does lend itself more to
its programmed in a simulation and even
weirder also slightly compatible with
weird science the fact that we are being
observed in this conversation might be
the only thing that makes it real
because if you and I had had had this
conversation and nobody saw it you would
have the option of going home and saying
we talked about agriculture it was a
good time right and I could have a
memory of you know we talked about
science and we had a fight right well it
wouldn't matter
we would never it would never have to be
resolved yeah and this this is the same
thing in quantum mechanics the
Copenhagen interpretation were they
basically Niels Bohr and and other
scientists working with him cause this
little revolution because they basically
said reality doesn't exist unless
there's an observer that's what like the
quantum differentials that experiment
was showing if the observer is critical
as the observed plus the wave-particle
duality doesn't collapse unless there's
an observer there to see it I don't have
enough conversations about the
wave-particle do all reality that's
that's why I love talking to him all
right not a physicist I just I'm an
amateur I just read this stuff all right
we're only doing the hard questions
today so free will free will is a good
one free well so do we have free will I
say no not in any way that isn't just
mechanical in other words the laws of
physics do not end at your skull and
then on the inside there's something
called magic and freewill and spirits
and souls and stuff I think there's just
a little moist computer happening in
there and it does what it has to do
given the inputs yes so I agree with you
I think that we don't have free will
because it's an unbroken chain of
particle collisions for the Big Bang
till now but I will make one tweet which
is that doesn't mean is predetermined we
are living in a calm
like system and the only way to model
the next move in a complex system is by
having a computer of equivalent
complexity to step forward so you can't
model what happens next in our universe
without a computer that's what is our
ability to predict it
that doesn't change its nature and it's
correct I agree it's still free will but
it's still been determinate we still
have to move forward to find out what's
gonna happen all right it's a surprise
that's right it's a surprise and there's
no there's no entity out there just
computationally speaking that knows the
surprise that is watching so you're
saying that nobody can predict the
future I think there's two yeah the
future nothing
everybody simultaneous sip are you ready
all right so here we are just bouncing
around and one of the things that we've
talked about before that I always like
your points of view is on strategies for
success and if I were to give you a
there are lots of variables you need to
get right I'm gonna list them and I want
your quick opinion a scale of 1 to 10
where 10 means ah this is like a really
important thing for success right and 1
is now you don't even need that okay all
right number 1 hard work 3 or 4 maybe
like early on like 7 or 8 at some point
but yeah really 3 or 4 in Silicon Valley
that there might be exceptions because
you're playing games winner-take-all
trying to build a next 50 billion dollar
company or only one can win
so the number one by definition is also
it's gonna hit 10 on everything right
but for general people going through
general life just going to be successful
hardwork leader doesn't matter that much
because we live in an age of infinite
leverage technology capital media make
it so easy to multiply your work that
what you do and how well
you do it is so much more important than
how hard you do it who you know your
network scale the one to ten how
important network ooh you know it wasn't
that important for me early on but now
as I look back I realize if there were
some networks that really mattered like
moving to Silicon Valley was that's a
network right that you kind of go into
just by moving there that was a critical
decision my college network I don't
think matter that much for me I tried to
create work that people would see and
recognize and the network sort of
emerges now your you may be using
network yeah that's sort of a higher
level you know where we're both
operating yeah but how about that first
job like that I would I advise you know
the advice that you just know I said
that's like an eight or nine you know
it's really important because what Pat
where you start out okay that makes it a
lot easier fewer hops when will you end
up I just didn't start there
so a network-wide I started closer to
like zero right so I think that's why I
have a little reaction to it shouldn't
matter what I think it does better so
what's what's the quick story of how you
got traction for a phenomenally
successful career started with literally
nothing can you now can you boil it down
to well there was this job this person I
met this like I was a total unknown kid
in New York City from a nothing family
with no you know Engel parent household
immigrants trying to survive kind of
situation and I just passed the test to
get into Stuyvesant High School right
and that was it that saved my life
because one side the Stuyvesant brand
then I got into an Ivy League college
and the once your entirety college then
I was in tech you know so yeah that
network mattered but it was it started
with no network but there Stuyvesant is
like one of those intelligence lottery
situations where you can break into an
instant validation network right so you
go from being like blue collar to white
collar in one move so you had a singular
advantage you know your academics were
spectacular so you could you had a path
that was you to this is what I love
about Stuyvesant it wasn't
endemics some academics were initially
that great I wasn't a good student but
it was about a test it was like an SAT
that you took in the eighth grade and if
you were among the highest scorers in
the in all of the New York City public
school system you got to go to this
magnet math and science school that's
what happened and if you were number two
you have to go to Bronx Science which
they'll never live down if you're number
three you got to go to Brooklyn Tech and
whatever but Stuyvesant was the hardest
to get into school in all of New York
and the public and you know brilliant
teachers and great students and they
would take anybody as long as they
passed that exam ok then this leads me
to the next question
scale of one to ten importance for
success intelligence this is where I'm
really biased but I mean have you
defined intelligence one of those
catch-all questions you do me the
g-factor the standard accepted one that
they look for the genetic tests and is
the IQ tracker no I usually think of it
more wise likes or quite you whose few
smarts emotionally tightens all right
let's let let's do what we both want to
do which is skip that because it's
really a subset of the the scale stack
okay all right so how important is it to
have the right combination of skills of
course you know leading the witness
oh yeah I don't know of course then
average your books to a read your whole
theory on this I think but I think it's
absolutely right I think so to me the
number one thing you can have a general
intelligence because general
intelligence allows you to get pretty
good at everything else I would add one
more thing general intelligence and you
just have to be open-minded right you
can be like intellectually curious
open-minded if you're smart and you
question everything you'll eventually
figure everything else out at a good
enough level you'll figure out hack your
nutrition and your workout so that you
do them and you eat relatively well for
yourself you hack your habits so you're
not smoking or drinking you'll you'll
hack your works that you know how to
make money you hack even your sales
skills you'll figure out the minimum
amount of persuasion you'll have your
development skills so I think
intelligence an open mind and that's
going together or the meta thing
that will then make you pretty good at
everything and then that's the way you
win now you've probably seen more
entrepreneurs before and after success
than just about anybody ever gets to say
just from from your vantage point of all
the people who made it how many could
you tell five minutes after you met him
like oh this one's you know this one's
gonna make it and it doesn't even sort
of matter what the idea was so it's it's
hard to tell which business is gonna
work cuz a lot of businesses fail and a
lot of good entrepreneurs chasing not
good businesses fail but the
entrepreneurs themselves don't fail over
a long enough period of time when you
meet the right entrepreneur you know
they're gonna be a winner they will be a
winner it's a question of how many times
so you just had to back them a few times
so so the stock market is broken because
we're betting on the bad thing we're
betting on businesses instead of people
well well definitely at the early stage
it's much more about the people as the
business gets larger more mature it can
become like a fortress you know then
then it becomes more about the business
of Warren Buffett always says you know
invest in the business that any idiot
could run cuz at some point one will or
he has some paraphrasing I'm
paraphrasing him but the kinds of
businesses he invests in there
irregardless of who's running it they're
basically Buffett you know Buffett plays
the wise old nice man on TV but there's
a there's a lot of shady stuff there too
and one of those is that Warren invest
in basically natural monopolies really
calls them boats but they're basically
natural monopolies so for example he was
he talked about how coca-cola the reason
why people are the coca-cola is such a
massive business or one of them is
obviously you're psychologically and
physiologically addicted right when
you're used to us kind of drink in your
mouth like you can consume it the sugar
caffeine all that is obvious but people
don't realize about Cola in particular
Cola as one characteristic that other
soft drinks and drinks don't which is it
as zero taste build-up zero taste memory
so you don't get sick of drinking coke
over and over so literally coca-cola for
for an addicted drinker can take over
your entire life you can substitute
water 100
with coca-cola and and people do that
and so Buffett was basically saying this
is what coke is a great business now he
mentioned this an offhand - an mba
lecture like a decade ago if he were out
there saying this right now on twitter
yeah like people would be like my god
you're this this whole company is a
predatorial company that is basically
hacking people's genes and tastebuds to
essentially get them addicted to this
horrible substance that can make replace
drinking water with sugar water making
diabetic how did he get away with this
so sure I loved it I'm not calling buff
it up I'm just saying like he's invested
in natural monopolies that are basically
addictive drugs you might as well be
investing in weed companies you know
that that basically control distribution
and shove not all that compare the other
the other things he sells are like junk
food and candy right though there are
all the things there and let one of them
are great and these are all legal
businesses and I think it should all be
legal so I support you know warrant god
bless it he should go do all this but
yeah it's about it so he talks about
investing in businesses that are in
bullets but those are natural monopolies
until your business is the natural
monopolies it's all about the people
they're really illegal drugs it's even
better than being a natural monopoly
yeah because you can make money selling
cocaine even if other people are selling
cocaine yeah I hear ya that's why I hear
it's the nature of things that are you
know physiological or psychological to
us that we just form you know which
forms a deeper bonds with them like
Joette for example right or like a
toothpaste or something you know and
when you're putting something in your
mouth you're used to a flavor you can
just get addicted at a physiological
level that's just a mental addiction it
is not in a certain age to that point it
could you hold up your water bottle like
that this will make sense so this water
bottle came with several of their frozen
water bottles in Amazon's food delivery
so now they're doing food delivery to
your house and they used to have these
cold packs that once you got them they
would make you sort of angry as a
consumer does you'd be like cold backs
what do I do with these I don't want to
throw them away I don't want to store
them until you come
back for them you've just made me a
little angry and I just got your product
and now they replace these with with
water bottles that you were probably
gonna use anyway you know how to you
know you know how to recycle these and
you feel like you've got something extra
like oh my god this is the smartest most
awesome thing I can a bottle of water so
in that way they're making a little bit
of little dopamine or whatever the
chemical reaction is that every time you
get a package for them you're getting a
little oh so it's what Apple does when
they do their packaging you know you
fall in love with it before you actually
touch the actual process Emma's on is
not only providing me with water today
but back when I was doing my first tech
startup that I was running opinions back
in the dot-com boom the first one we
would make a big heroic thing out of
hard work cuz we were young kids didn't
know any better we thought it was all
about like how hard you worked and so
everyone would like compete to spend
time at the office so we would sleep
underneath our desks and we've kind of
made a big deal out of it
and we used to get this one Amazon was
pretty new but we used to get books and
CDs and stuff delivered from Amazon and
there and a computers would come from
Amazon and they would pack everything in
these rice and corn based packing foam
and so we would eat it so do you think
it's new that I'm drinking amazon's
packing material dilicious
it's a marathon still alive today all
right my next question do you
centralization yeah the big the big
buzzword yeah unless you're working in
the area you hear it and it's like we
hear this decentralization blockchain
and whatnot is going to change
civilization but can you give me the
human being explanation of what the
future might look like yeah yeah so what
block chance to do is they basically
look humans
we're just groups when co-operators
we're networkers right we build networks
English is a network the United States
is a network the US Dollars and Network
uber is a network right so we just have
all these networks that
cooperate that's what makes the special
as a species that's what allows us to
beat up all the other species because we
can cooperate across genetic boundaries
unlike even answer bees who have to come
from the same hive or the same nest so
humans are Network cooperate they're
Succot bees sided ants but our networks
have to be control because there's
always cheaters in every system right in
a network if it runs contributing
resources but the people who are giving
more resources need to get more and the
people who are not giving research
consuming more need to pay more so you
need somehow to run a network to control
who gets in who gets paid who pays out
was to do what work who is cheating
who's not doing their job and so we have
given these networks of historically
been run by individuals who eventually
become kings and tyrants and emperors or
they've been run by elites or
aristocracy's though they've been run by
democracies which are like mobs or
they've been run by companies like uber
or Facebook you know so we organized
networks through these different
governance government systems how do you
like organize and run a network and what
I would argue what block chains do is
they bring a fifth form of governance
into today purely digital but eventually
including physical networks and that
form of government is like a market in a
blockchain system what happens it's
basically a piece of code running in the
cloud that says hey we need certain
resource let's call it we need storage
right
anyone who contributes storage into this
network will get paid and anyone who
needs storage out of it will get it will
have to pay and we're going to track
this all online we're gonna keep track
of the little debits and credits and a
little ledger and that's a blockchain
the block change is a piece of code in
the cloud that nobody owns us doing that
and it's punishing cheater who use a too
much storage or break the rules and it's
rewarding people who bring lots and lots
of stories reliably they'll bring no
bring that to you no me you guys
still in a sandwich well yeah yeah yeah
so what Brockton's will do is they will
build these giant permissionless leap
programmable unsensible networks
permissionless leap programmable means
that unlike our current money system
where if i want to write code and i want
to send money to receive money i have to
work with Visa MasterCard PayPal pay
huge fees I can't do micro
transactions I can't send macro
transactions I can only operate within a
very tight band I need their permission
so just people don't code that stuff in
so the financial world has been immune
from programmers it has been shielded
from technologists and programmers but
now we're gonna make finance
programmable which means that the
engineers and the technologists are
going to take over the privilege of
Cigna Ridge printing money from bankers
so that is a big thing that's the money
craze around cryptic are so so what is
eliminating the banking gatekeepers with
their rules and placing them with code
but very if it's like imagine it looks
like your bank was actually a decent
website you know where you could
actually go in like it would behave like
Amazon the way Amazon treats you what if
your bank treated you that way what if
they had all those features and
functionality online right so the fact
they don't think it's an antiquated
permission-based system and it's not
just banking it's just the entire
finance industry the other piece that's
really important is unsensible so now
you can actually start building things
where you don't have a gatekeeper in the
middle taking 30% or you don't have you
know being shut down for people
somewhere in the world like when Twitter
is not available or Facebook is not
censored or like how the Chinese social
media companies are wrong but will it
make a big difference in that way
because people like to self-censor
so somebody gave an example recently of
a homeowners association saying hey does
that restrict your rights and I'm
thinking well yeah it does but people
move there because of that of course the
Annis tree at some level all laws are
contractual social self-censorship right
it's basically we get together that's
300 million Americans and we say we
don't live in this piece of land this is
these rules and controls we have to
prevent us from going insane so in
killing each other how likely is some
big institution going to insert itself
into the decentralized world as say
either I don't know an insurance against
something or a guarantor of some kind
which is really all banks do you know
that's I mean there will be big
centralized actors who will try and do
things but fundamentally as long as
block chains are sufficiently
decentralized they're bigger than any
country they're like they still haven't
be able to shut down Victoria how would
they shut down Bitcoin or
hundreds of companies and thousands of
independent nodes and miners and the
code hasn't really been changed and you
know it's a bit kind of kind of
impossible to stop at this point if even
if you in the ten thousand if there are
ten thousand rich people in the world
who believe in Bitcoin and will take it
and give it as legal tender then as good
as a store of value then it is a new
independent form of a store of value
alongside gold or oil or any of those
what if and I love this question because
it's so naive but I it's hard for me to
believe that a government such as ours
couldn't say you can't use Bitcoin it's
illegal now couldn't they detect it that
you're I don't know if they sure I don't
think so because first of all it's just
code code is just speech I think it
catches well and then on your device I'd
they it's a First Amendment issue it's
just you can't make code illegal anymore
they can make speech illegal this battle
was fought by Bill Clinton back when the
Clipper Chip stuff was going down and he
wanted to basically ban PGP exports and
stuff like that but but there are
examples of apps that are illegal right
you know the child porn is illegal
that's content that's illegal so it can
do anything no but that as far as I know
that's the only one that's illegal
demonstrate like for example even having
plans to make a bomb like the Anarchist
Cookbook I don't think that's illegal
yeah yeah so I think in fact that's
political speech because that's how you
would like revolt against your
government you need to know how to build
a bomb or a gun or whatever right so
Cody Wilson when he's put in defense
distributed when he's publishing the 3d
printed guns schematics and how to's
that's not illegal so freedom of speech
is a big deal First Amendment but the
big one but if let's say we were a
dictatorship we could if we were
dictatorship we would and the government
could you know at the device again again
they're hacks
again perhaps what they would do is they
would start to filter and like a
dictatorship they want to block all
cryptocurrencies will start filtering
the Internet traffic it would have to
basically drop all crypto they try
like that is problematic for many
reasons one is you can hide crypto
traffic and other traffic second is I
think other traffic will be hiding
inside crypto traffic eventually like to
access certain websites you will have to
go through crypto traffic and thirdly
you can sync cryptocurrency block chains
just by broadcast on satellite I could
have one computer you know hidden inside
Inner Mongolia it's receiving the
signals it can sync the Bitcoin
blockchain and then I can serve as a
validator for the new electronic goal
for people in my community so they say
tomorrow the government says we've got
our own cryptocurrency and Bitcoin is
illegal and you say haha but will will
get away with this so easily you can't
make it illegal and then I say well we
can catch 10% of you yeah sure I mean
yeah you don't have a function well okay
so that's not even true because if you
look at because a government that's
doing that at that point the is at
the fan that's a terrible government
we're in a Venezuela like slide so today
in Venezuela they're arresting people
for a Bitcoin whining right and they're
shaking them down but yet people are
doing it because it's the only what if I
what if the government simply did it
through persuasion and they just made a
case they said look are our crypto has
got more security you know we don't want
old people getting ripped off with the
fluctuations a Bitcoin it would be easy
to imagine that the government made a
legitimate case well they already have
that it's called the US dollar so it
doesn't offer anything new
I mean it's some at some level it could
be the replacement no that's not true of
all blockchains there are many other
things block chains do like you know
like programmability and allocating like
you could use it for an articling energy
grids or allocating bandwidth or all
kinds of interesting things but at least
bitcoin is basically insurance against
politicians it only has value because
it's not politically control the moment
you have a cryptocurrency that is
controlled by a dictator or even a
democracy or a mob or a by a
elite or by or by a company it's
nonsense it's it's an oxymoron it has no
value so all the values there because it
is an extra sovereign currency and so if
Bitcoin can be stopped by governments
then bitcoin will be worth
by the way that's why today the total
value of all the Bitcoin in the world is
still like one twentieth of the value of
gold because we don't it hasn't been
around that long the world is still
putting in the market so putting a very
low probability that it will survive
they think it'll get stamped out by the
government or that the code will somehow
end up being weak or broken but inside
the world it's gonna go 20 X from here
when you say the world I mean the
markets bitcoins trade in a very
efficient very liquid market Hey hmm all
right let's see what kind of comments
were getting here is there still 0.4
thousand people watching this and I
think it's time for a simultaneous it
how many do you normally get you know
for some reasons I think it caps around
there every only rarely do I get more
than it I remember why I haven't called
you haven't seen you on periscope a long
time but one of the very early
broadcasts that was on when you're just
starting out you were trying to get to
800 remember we're counting down waiting
for them to come in yeah they some of
these are over a hundred thousand
ultimate viewers in Wow in replay all
right
let's see what kind of questions that
somebody asked prediction about the
future of Bitcoin do you that sort of
quasi investment advice
yeah you stay away from that yeah I
don't do investment advice to your own
homework yeah that's so that's my policy
as well what's something that you and I
philosophically disagree on hmm I'll bet
they're family oh you don't have your
own biological kids oh okay
why does it matter that why does it
matter to have a biological kid as
opposed to adopt it or step hold on now
you're turning us into a virtuous the
only thing adopted in stepkids are great
but you try to wait for somebody to have
that because the way he's framing this
adoption that bad I like for me to make
a me point I like you
I like to win by arguments before they
start trouble calls at setting the table
yeah I'm not I don't need to be at your
level of persuasion but I can see that
one coming a mile away
no we're not going to talk about adopted
in foster because adoption foster kids
are wonderful and you know we should all
adopt kids because kids are beautiful so
it's not fair to and we're not talking
about people who can't have children
because if you can't have children in
camp children life is still fantastic
it's still I'm just saying that having
children having your own biological
children if you can and if things permit
and if you have a dog but did already
foster children it's a wonderful thing
to do I just don't think it gets enough
credit you you're James oh I don't know
that I disagree with that what part do
you think I disagree with there it's
it's obvious that I will do that you
don't have that big gray in you and you
told me in the past that you have sort
of stepchildren that that gave me enough
of that oh no I don't think I get the
same thing than a genetic pair again
that's right so I think there's this so
I think you get a couple of things one
is you get this amazing you know
hormonal release where your genes are
finally relaxed again resumes yeah thank
God yeah exactly because you are here
because an unbroken chain of your
ancestors from tide pools still not
replicated and you're the first one
who's gonna miss that branch and you're
basically missing it because you're too
lazy because you can't be bothered right
well I think it's some point no your
genes will punish you or no so the goal
so we all have this natural evolutionary
need to reproduce so even if you're
religious instead of evolution you you
know that people want to reproduce for
whatever is right so a basic thing
because we are researchers it's not why
we're here
but I have this unique situation where I
am reproducing as you as you look right
no my ideas at a very deep level my
ideas are now being captured forever
right I've got books on all kinds of
topics and people have been following me
for a while know that I've been doing
this somewhat intentionally I mean it's
more than one goal for what I do usually
yeah but I can be reproduced in software
I think everything good because I think
at these days you know like a lot of
times you want to have an impact
more than you want to have kids because
at some level you know that them that
nomadic replication is more effective
than pure genetic replication that said
you're a biologic creature you know
you're mostly body with a little bit of
mind
well I just got to come along to know a
big part of mind not wanting to have
kids is that I didn't want to pass my
genes along because I'm your fantastic
teens well you know at the moment I had
a very unhealthy childhood so with it
without getting into the detail we got
Scott at the moment a big part we got
persuasion I know we got lots out of it
so it's well that's great for you but
what about me now I I did not enjoy my
well within the next decade we're gonna
have a technology to do genetic
sequencing of embryos frozen embryos at
scale so at that point what you can do
is you could basically have a ton of
frozen embryos through IVF and then you
can sequence each of them and see which
ones of them are the least likely to
have genetic issues that you're
concerned about and then you can select
one the kind of a or I could build a
terrible future ahead surrogates or I
could build a software simulation in
which I give bursts of my virtual
children within the within the
environment the virtual reality is just
not gonna be good enough for a long time
for that although here's one theory
which is a base long hallucination
hypothesis which is that we're gonna
invent a VR at some point that's not
anywhere near as good as our real world
in fact some you like you know it's not
gonna look very good so I'm gonna sound
very good but it's gonna have the huge
advantage that it's good enough because
you can control it right it's a holodeck
instead of this world where you have to
sort of go with what reality is supposed
to be right as dating is to pour it on
your computer
exactly exactly it'll be the porn to
dating and it's actually a very good way
to put at it and put it and it'll be
good enough at that point you either
just take the sacrifice but the only way
to make the sacrifice is you have to
wipe your memory because otherwise
you're always comparing to your real
reality so what you'll do is when you go
into that VR sim you will set it up
temporarily erase your memory that
you're in a sim which is how it will
work for us we might be living in some
larger reality but this one we like
better because it
better for like whatever we want like I
built my own life you programmed your
own life right but to not think about
your old life if to wipe your memory and
you just suspend disbelief and pretend
this matters you think it's real that's
that's very much the matrix model where
there's a real you with to find your
heads up but that's that the model where
it's not some other person who's
pursuing it's you you put yourself in
it's your movie you've wrote it you're
starring in it you just wipe your memory
so that you can accept the fact it's a
low-res sim and so you can believe it so
basically in your model you're using a
organic human being as a really shitty
data storage unit because you don't need
the person in your model oh oh you mean
like the physical player yeah once the
person has built the little feedback
loop that gives consciousness to you
know it's it's imagine new world yeah it
can delete its organic body it doesn't
need anymore
know that I think you may want to go
through multiple rounds already so I was
just seeing this this great video in the
internet that was somebody who's
explaining Hofstede's book about
consciousness and the I go to lecture
Bach or meta magical fema's or
consciousness in the I yeah I conscious
yes yeah he has that one yeah and it was
the smart way of saying things that I
kind of was feeling but didn't have this
more worse to put on it and the idea is
that and this is my bastardization of
him so don't blame better for anything I
say but that consciousness is just the
ability to sort of broadcast what's
going to happen next your expectations
and then judge how close you are you
know judge the Delta and then yeah it's
that friction between what you think is
going to happen in a moment and what
actually does is all you're really
experiencing that's what gives you the
feeling of reality yeah I think I think
it was a memory prediction machine yeah
you know the brain is a machine that
takes the past memories and use them to
try to predict the future and then below
that that that's the mind and then below
that it's just consciousness is this raw
consciousness which is just awareness
and I think that's just but what does
that do can
can you give me a mechanical description
of consciousness because I just gave you
one
it's just they yeah the friction
basically between the expectations and
the observation oh it's interesting so
consciousness is the friction between
the expectations in the observation
because if if you had no expectations
you would have no feeling of stress and
in all the feelings that good or bad the
heightened feelings are your most
conscious all right right your most
conscious when you're in pain and a
really happy and stuff and so you can
see that when things are going just the
way you expect
you go to your lowest level of
consciousness it's the least friction
hmm that's pretty good I like that one
I think we've yeah we've settled know
anything think about a little bit more I
mean for me consciousness I've always
thought of it as you know the Buddhist
view of consciousness says it's the base
property of the universe like it's all
consciousness right it's just business
it's just the experience of what it's
like just sort of the word no that
doesn't have Valentin at a value that
the definition of consciousness you used
implies expectation and future which
implies kind of some doing it's you know
it's not just a pure existence there
just a pure awareness layer that we have
where we're just aware of everything
around us right but who's doing the
wearing well but somebody has the rest
of the uh there's a subject that is
aware there doesn't wear this isn't a
third party well there doesn't have to
be that with the Buddhist view that
awareness is a fundamental property of
the universe it's just the universe is
just aware everything is aware I said
what I'd like to believe systems where
there's just a given yeah it's an axiom
aware well you know big heart said
cogito ergo sum I think therefore I am
that latter partners in this we follow
even that's a jump but I think what he
means by I think he means like I'm aware
right like I'm here I'm aware so it's
the one constant you've had your entire
life from the moment you were born till
the moment you'll die you will be aware
everything else will change everything
else is not a given
you know fluctuates around so I think
that I think therefore I Oh eNOS is
consciousness yeah
when Descartes says I think therefore I
am he
he's now taking it to like the mind he's
basically same as a layer above that
where I can also plan for the future or
regret the past and we're not which is
very close to what I said yeah you
thinking Bart I just gave a little bit
extra description of its predicting in
the Inca barrier but by your definition
something that is an actively many
predictions machine is unconscious which
may be true but I would but it also
implies that when you're not doing
memory prediction your level of
consciousness goes down which seems to
run counter to the way I think about
consciousness are you substituting
consciousness for soul because no no I
kind of avoid soul well but it feels
like they're they're both the you know
the big you know so unstated given yeah
it's hard to define yeah there's
something there's no there's no good
language for metaphysics right the words
are overloaded they mean different
things to everybody look yeah let's
check in with the folks here okay
so is there any topic you want to hear
let's do let's do one more quick topic
and it won't be what's your favorite
movie souls are real somebody says
consciousness exists we got a cover what
in the vol Scott University teach that's
a good one oh okay let's do that
all right we're running school all right
you go first first class in line run is
actually unpersuasive writing and this
is kissing up a little bit but i'm gonna
send them to your article the day you
became a better writer and then second
as i'm going to send them to the what is
that school of persuasion a dale
carnagie a carnegie school corporation
alright well i think our schools are
gonna be very similar well up till up
till this point then nutrition i think
it's not that you're gonna tell them one
way is right but you're gonna make them
cook you're gonna make them log
themselves and see what makes them feel
good
kind of learn over it to learn a system
you learn a system I'm figuring out
optimal nutrition for ourselves because
what is correct is very dogmatic and
that target moves around so much that I
almost considered a political process
mathematics for sure but it's got to be
fun it's got to come through application
so make them build instruments and
physics or play in the chemistry lab
such that there but always take a
mathematical bent towards that make sure
they understand the underlying
mathematics that's really like a core
foundational thing yeah of course
reading and writing you know we are
persuasive one I threw on top but very
important what else do you teach in
school I mean Fitness right but again
Fitness is find some sport that you love
to do and learn kind of the basics of
you know what builds muscle which is
what they'll speed and what those
flexibility and so on history I would
does a drop just introduce them to
Google and say here are some nice books
you can read in your spare time and I
know someone's gonna get pissed off and
I'm back what about history is always
some history professor somewhere it's
gotta go right to the class exactly you
have finite time so things like history
and geography and even literature like
you can read that on your own
here's a ton of amazing literature books
that we highly recommend that you read
in your spare time when you're curled up
a couch and this way you read the
literature you're gonna enjoy as opposed
to literature that I just ran down your
throat that you're gonna hate so you
know those are things that are hobbies
but and that people do for fun that
somehow got turned into school alright
there's not as much of an educational
required over there right can I throw a
few in because yeah I like all of those
I think I might have quibble with the
math because some people just will never
use math well I well here's where math
is so important because all advanced all
advancement in the world today that's
like high intensity and high values come
from technology right and technologies
applied sciences applied math well I'm
agreeing with all that part I'm just
saying that everything else you said I
would make everyone do and math only if
you have aptitude ok fair there's a
technology I would get everybody
comfortable
ecology included basic computer
programming and understanding how
hardware and chips
you know high-level work I would add to
that strategy absolutely strategy for
your own life and then strategy forever
things I'm continually amazed as I talk
about world events and stuff that there
are strategies that are obvious to
anybody who's been sort of in the
business world enough that they've seen
all the the different forms of
strategies then you see it in the
political world then you go oh well
that's a strategy that's it where
another and other people are saying oh
my god I think I'm seeing something
insane or that didn't work lifestyle and
I'm thinking do you not recognize the
strategy yeah yeah it's funny because
people always asked me to recommend
books on game theory and I'm embarrassed
to say I've had really read books on
game theory
I just know because I grew up playing a
lot of strategy war games as a kid and
so everything that I see in business or
in politics like I can easily map it
into oh yeah that time I was in the
Polian attacking Russia and that guy was
negotiating with me and this guy was
offering this how did I work it out
right so I I saved a special question
for you that just dovetails perfectly
into this which is the better strategy
becoming better friends with your
friends or finding a way to work with
your opponents and take this from any
realm from yeah the world to business
over nearly if you can work with your
opponent's you know you've got it made
you win every time and let's let's give
some examples it's a similar set by
deficit by the mathematics of it right
so give some examples before I get my my
bigger point here so if it's two
companies were competitors if they could
find a way to work together yeah you
know they probably are better off in the
case of I've been making the case that
try to keep this non-political the
cooperation is the human advantage
anytime you can cooperate with more
other humans you win so that's why I
like that's why in the tech industry
move to Silicon Valley or you go to
Hollywood for acting because you're now
you can connect them
people who are like-minded who are in
the same environment ecosystem this is
why people inherently wanted a network
that's why you people Brad a little bit
suddenly about their Facebook graphs or
whatever because you do more people you
can work with the richer you will be all
right this is built into the human
species yeah so it seems to me that
exactly wherever you're looking at a
situation like how can I succeed ask
yourself who is my opponent and how can
we break that because that that Epona
ting is friction that yeah well I think
the first thing is like so you know not
to get too metaphysical but we've
already been there the first step I
would say at least for me is not
declaring anybody your opponent in that
sense I think Anya has a better high
ground maneuver than Trump does because
it's all love based right like so if you
don't have it because a lot of times the
people that we think are enemies they're
just one way they don't think of us that
way and over time when our ego softens
and we get over whatever wound real or
imagined that they inflicted we'll
realize they're not really our enemies
and never were so I think it's better
just to assume you don't have enemies so
I've been saying that the definition of
the Golden Age which I believe we're
entering is when things are generally
moving in the right direction on all the
big stuff but more specifically we
realize that our remaining problems the
biggest ones are psychological and not
physical resource problems does that
ring true to you do you feel we're we're
in the golden age I think we're in the
golden age in the sense that you know
technology capitalism have created such
abundance that all humans can now slide
into an you know a world of very low
infant mortality and low poverty and
like just the rate at which people
coming out of poverty and diseases like
malaria so on are being eradicated the
world's just becoming a much much much
better place it's just unevenly
distributed you know in a weird way
though it's also creating this this
perception that things are getting worse
I don't know where that comes from but
there's this perception that everything
is getting worse but and if you look at
the mass statistics by and large things
were getting better across the board so
I agree with that so
there's psychological you could argue
there's a perception gap right it is a
persuasion problem there's probably also
a redistribution that that has to happen
because there's lots of people and lots
of words yeah it's happening so fast the
fact like you look at how quickly China
modernize and how much money was made in
China
that's where now the learning gaps are
the most extremes you know you'll have
like people who are literally Decca
billionaires and the people or you know
living in the dirt trying to make a
dollar a day so the faster it happens
the more volatile it is and the more the
extremes you see but the the world is
headed towards massive prosperity as
long as I don't blow up the engines that
create it which are basically capitalism
technology and trade so per vehicle
North Korea in the United States thought
they had this big problem that might
only be solved by nuclear war but it
turns out kind of we didn't want to
attack them and they didn't want to die
and they were rather the original I'm
cautiously hopeful I'm cautiously
hopeful but you know the North Koreans
have done this before they're really
good at playing us and our public
sentiment the difference is this time we
know it how do we know it well I think
that's probably the single most common
criticism of the process is hey you
watch out they've done this before it's
it's on the you know even Pompeo 8th oh
I see they know that that we're watching
over that so so if they don't have a
mechanism for ending what we want first
I noticed well what was interesting this
time was you know for the first time the
u.s. started cracking down on Chinese
companies that were evading sanctions
with North Korea and the Chinese didn't
stop it so you actually had the u.s.
doing enforcement so I think this really
came down to China I'll bet you a lot of
this was just Trump every time he
threatens China you know some of that is
like any better given North Korea or
else we can punish you financially I
think it was a case of everybody
realized that there wasn't a reason to
be you know at each other
North Korea will be richer and the
people who run North Korea will be
richer and South Korea will do it sure
and the US will be rich like everybody
will be it's it's basically taking a
boot off the neck of the world yeah it's
peace in the Koreas would be massive it
was the largest DMZ
the largest most militarized border in
the world it's you know been militarized
the longest it's the most unstable when
you look at all the why would the world
end scenarios it usually shows up number
one on the list I know how would the
world end scenarios yeah so you know
removing that is a huge relief for
everybody so to by earlier point I've
been writing for over a year that there
was probably a way to get to a good
solution we don't have it yet so you
know getting ahead of ourselves but it
looks like it's gonna be something good
and that too was because I had a lot of
experience negotiating contracts and
whenever you can introduce new variables
that that gives you more leverage and
when when reunification became part of
the question suddenly everything's
different because if you're talking
about reunifying and you're really doing
it and obvious you're not playing around
then verifying nuclear weapons it
doesn't mean the same thing because why
do you nuke your own country right so it
just changed my reunification does a lot
of things I mean it in the abstract it
also puts up this you know the model of
what happened to Germany's which was in
the end of day quite successful even
though it was painful for Germany to go
through it it it creates a lot more
spoils to be carved up so you know would
you like X after unification do you want
Y that depends on kind of how you behave
right now so it creates all these
imaginary goodies that you can then
start handing out so I talked about the
power of contrast when you're
negotiating and I don't know that we did
this before or didn't do it as well but
apparently South Korea presented to
North Korea's specific plans for
modernizing different zones of North
Korea and industrializing them later
yeah and they painted a picture it's
like nuclear annihilation this is good
stuff over here this yeah this is our
big and very much like happen in China
as the Chinese Communist Party slowly
takes the country to be more capitalist
the people who are in charge get rich
surprised it's a this generation of
people whatever you may think about them
you know the elites who are in charge of
North Korea they don't get they don't
get punished they get bribed but it's
better than
the current mass of North Korea and
their children the children's children
living in virtual slavery and the rest
of us being under a nuclear threat all
the time so I think it's a it's a
win-win for everybody at some point we
just said okay well there we're gonna
pay you a massive bribe to go away but
here's the catch the bribes not coming
out of anybody's pocket
the bride is clearly increased
prosperity that we're gonna create by
having a gradual transition in towards
freedom while letting you guys keep the
spoils I mean that's really what's going
on here but it also has to come with a
stick attached but if you don't then
there's you know we got to take you out
right now before you're too big right so
to me it looks like everything's going
well so go into a thousand when we've
been above it I usually start wrapping
things up so is there anything you would
like to add and any anything you thought
about and said oh I wish I had said that
better off I'll tack this on the end oh
I got a question for you yeah I have a
hypothesis on this but I'm curious to
hear yours Conny and Trump don't run
together
don't run together yeah what do you mean
oh as a ticket as a ticket yeah that's
right no yeah because people were
speculating about that I think that's
impossible
oh that no they're both alpha egos yeah
neither of them could be vice president
I've described pence as no matter what
you think of Penson dividual ii he's a
perfect vice president because first of
all he's never made a single gaffe
but he's the he's the black and white
version of Technicolor Trump so that's
why you want you want you want the
number two to look like a nice spare
tire and if you needed to go five miles
you could but let's not do that yeah and
Kanye and Trump would just be which one
should right right and then who does a
left run in 2020 because my theory is
and have been for a while but it's all
going to be fringe candidates from here
on out it's no mainstream elitist
candidates pushed by the center so who
is that on the Democratic side don't you
think it depends who they think is gonna
run on the
a Republican side so you're talking
about running against Trump yes let's
call that person the sacrificial lamb
because you know they're gonna run lots
of candidates and you know there'll be
this big food fight and it could be
somebody whose name I don't even know
right right right and very likely but it
could be somebody they're getting ready
for the one after and they just need to
get him bruised now I think if there's a
little bit I think if they're smart
they'll run somebody who was like a
younger version of Bernie like if you
think I find a younger celebrity version
of Bernie that person would have Oh God
it looks like Eric's wall well is trying
to emerge so he's my know who that is
you might have just put him on the map
he's always on CNN and five by YTV which
makes him unique because most most of
the politicians tend to be one or the
other you know but he's he's gone into
you know into crossfire
and well I don't agree with the lobby
says I would say that he's definitely
got some game yeah you can hate
everything he's doing but you gotta
appreciate he's picking up skills pretty
quickly so I'd watch for him hmm
good prediction yeah I I think he would
lose to trump fairly easily but I think
he's playing for the one after well you
pretty thick Konya ten years ago
something I predicted he was a master
persuader before I had that language yes
I think with two thousand eight thousand
yeah whatever one of my best early calls
except for in my book the religion war
where I predicted so if you're gonna
call things and I think the audience
wants you to call a cryptocurrency
besides when when tokens no showing yeah
III have no prediction on cryptocurrency
so I think I'm New York versus
California people that's my favorite toy
oh well I have lived in both places I
will tell you that New York
personalities are did very different and
there's a there's a frankness and a
rudeness
this seems more normal if everybody's
that way but you move that stuff to
California or the Midwest and suddenly
people get worried that you're you're a
little bit crazy so I had to learn to
act not New Yorker you know there's a
better way to say that sure but I had to
I had to take off the New York for the
popular New York's are more New Yorkers
are more fun to talk to Californians are
more relaxed I think New Yorkers are
more provocative in their in every way
that's true whatever the boundary is
we're gonna go yeah
so let's sign off yeah I think we've
done it thank you so much this was
probably will be our best periscope ever
big ferry ride by