hey there you are
good morning everybody it's an
incredible incredible morning things are
getting better all over the place while
looking worse but they're getting better
I'll tell you all about that in a minute
but first you might want to enjoy a
little thing called the simultaneous up
and it doesn't take much all you need is
a cover of mercury glass a tanker
chelators die of a canteen jug a flask a
vessel of any kind filled with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine here the day the thing that
makes everything better
including the damn pandemic and riots to
which you could call protests here it
comes the simultaneous it go yes I feel
the tensions diminishing well is this
the the weirdest the weirdest kind of
day I don't know if you're noticing this
but unity is breaking out everywhere
except we're so trained not to see it
that we're still acting as though were
somehow on different sides but we're not
because while you were not noticing
black lives matters an tyfa and
president Trump just wrongly took the
same side in the the question about the
George Loyd shooting now that's true
right true or false black lives matter
an tyfa and President Trump have
strongly taken the same side of us I
think that's true did you expect that
probably not probably not right
how about what is the opinion of CNN and
Fox News today about the the police in
Minneapolis pretty similar today Fox
News and CNN suddenly kumbaya they both
agree that the the arrest of the CNN
reporter on the scene was a little bit
too far I don't know if you watched the
video but you really have to watch the
video to appreciate how ridiculous it
was because the CNN crew and reporter
for the benefit of the story and because
of the context of the story you have to
know that the reporter his last name is
hitmen is but he's very dark-skinned
this is important to the story not
important to you or me but important to
the story and they decide that they're
going to arrest this poor bastard along
with some white crew members apparently
and they were completely cooperating
they were saying on camera live while
the police were there or just tell us
where you want us to go you know we were
just getting out of your way when we
came over here but let us know what you
want us to do we'll go we'll be happy to
do it and then they arrested them and
the guys being arrested he's like for
what what do you big what am I being
arrested for and I gotta say if that had
doesn't me and the cameras were rolling
I think I would have flipped out I think
I would have gone absolutely batshit
crazy and see if the police try to rough
me up on camera I don't know if I could
let that situation go I mean I would
have taken a little bit of a knee to the
neck just because the cameras were
rolling so I think that the reporter
left a good opportunity for
grandstanding behind I don't think I
would left that behind I would have
started screaming here's what I would
have done I wouldn't have started
physically resisting that would be crazy
but I would have started screaming
that there's that they're not telling me
why they're arresting me because they
kind of owe you that right they do need
to tell you why you're being arrested
especially when you're not resisting
arrest
and if they don't tell you why you're
being arrested I would have just flipped
out I would have just gone crazy
not physically just mentally just you
know verbally he missed a good chance
so is the weirdest situation I think the
president has done exactly the right
thing he's agreeing with you know almost
all of the public and certainly black
lives matter and anti-fog about this one
situation with the with the police
officer at killing George Lloyd but
here's what's interesting we all agree
that the president is taking the right
position on this right so what is CMM
say when the President does
unambiguously the right thing that they
also agree with how does C and M cover
the news when President Trump does
exactly the right thing do you know in
the comments see if you can guess brian
Stelter covers it this way Trump should
have weighed in sooner that's right if
you do the right thing the criticism is
it should have been done sooner and as
you know there's no such thing as
anything good that shouldn't have been
done sooner so it's sort of the generic
complaint so MSNBC apparently has
decided that they're going to report the
the happenings in Minnesota the
so-called rioting so-called looting
so-called
protesting they're gonna call it
protesting because it's more protests
than riot sure there are some buildings
on fire yes yes yes they overtook a
police precinct and set it on fire but
mostly in a peaceful protest kind of a
way while they're breaking the windows
out of police cars as they tried to get
away
so that's MSNBC's coverage
so Trump of course just just to make all
the stories more interesting Trump
tweets that if there's looting you know
the looting will be followed by shooting
I forget the exact quote but because
shooting was part of the tweet Twitter
decided to to flag it and and hide it I
guess hide it or flying it I forget
which one but anyway there there's semis
censoring the tweet I think you can
still find it you can yeah you can still
find it so it's not like you don't know
what he said but the reason given this
time is that a glorified violence
because shooting was mentioned in
somewhat of an optimistic context which
is weird because you know if you if you
are that one of the looters got shot I
don't know if you'd be unhappy I don't I
mean you should about the loss of life
but I don't know if you would yeah
because we watch the we watch the video
and we think well maybe if a few of them
had some bad outcome you know that there
might be less of it I don't know
as I told you before I suspect this is
the last time we might see this sort of
thing because so many of them are
eventually gonna get arrested yeah there
should be mass arrests eventually
because there's so many people just on
film yeah it can't be that hard to round
them up so we'll see what happens so
what do you call it a riot if some
buildings are burning I don't know that
it matters it sounds like most of the
people want to be peaceful there are
reports that black lives matter are
trying to keep anti far from getting too
violent I don't know if I could enjoy
this any more
what could you enjoy more than watching
black lives matter try to keep aunty
farm from destroying their city I mean
that that just takes it to the
ridiculous level
so Michael ballasts have a
had a insightful tweet this morning you
say I don't know if I can get the gist
of it but the idea was that that
conservatives are being red-billed about
how bad it is to be a black citizen
stopped by police so so we're probably
understanding it at a deeper level than
we understood it before wouldn't you say
because it's not like we didn't all know
there was an issue there everybody knew
there was an issue but watching the
video gives you like a completely
different feel for it so I think that
genuinely a lot of the country just woke
up a little bit to something they knew
but they didn't know no they didn't know
it in their body they sort of do it
intellectually they knew it they knew it
was a story but they didn't know it in
their body and I think that's what the
video does know now you can actually
feel it
you can actually put yourself in the
position of George Lloyd and by the way
you've probably done that haven't you
have you spent in no time I'll bet you
have you've imagined you are George
Lloyd have you not it's an interesting
question how many of you have at least
spent a second thinking what it would be
like you're on the ground and what would
you do and how to do feel and what did
it is last moments feel like I've spent
a lot of time thinking about that so
when you when when you go from a concept
you know there's police brutality it's
you know there's a concern that it's
it's aimed at some groups more than
others you can sort of intellectualize
that and then just move on to the next
topic but if you spent a little time
sort of living in your imagination of
what it's like to be George Lloyd in his
last moments of life you feel
differently about it so sure so I think
there actually was some kind of
important inflection point that happened
because of that video but at the same
time as Michael Ballas points out I
think we're all being read pilled about
the corporate media meaning that the
left used
to trust the media and now they're just
finding out wait a minute are you
telling me that even my own side is
lying to me yes yes your own side is
lying to you because that's the new
business model of the press telling you
what will get the most clicks and so is
it a coincidence the black lives matter
anti-fur president Trump CNN and Fox
News are all on the same side if this
should be reported as one of the
greatest things that's ever happened to
the country because it is it's it's
horrible in Minnesota but what this is
doing to our psychology especially when
you know and you've got the additional
context of the the kovat you know the
Cova thing was yet again another
situation where what was one of the
biggest concerns in the country one of
the biggest most talked-about concerns
is that it was hitting the
african-american community hardest there
was intense effort to make sure
everybody got fed there is continuous
talk about how this is hurting the lower
economic strata the most there is
something terribly unifying about the
virus it was a common enemy so in the
context of a common enemy where we've
all just spent three months everybody's
locked down everybody's trying to help
each other we are trying to help each
other it's unambiguous there is no
question about it
no matter what community you're in you
just watched every other community step
up and say all right how can we help who
is in trouble doesn't matter what your
color is doesn't matter where you live
we don't care about your religion who
needs help that's the mode we've been in
we've been in a mode where nothing
matters except you're a human you need
some help that's it and then this comes
up and weirdly the the timing of it just
couldn't be better in terms of the
psychology of the country
because I think it is unified us all
in a weird way now it's not gonna look
like it because the news is gonna report
division wherever it can find it but I
think this might change us
I might it might actually change us so
that's the positive news over I see you
then
they have a pundit who I'm gonna I'm
gonna give him a nickname he's the chief
mind reader so about once every few days
he writes an article for cnn.com in
which he reads the president's mind and
finds bad things in there for example
today is an article he he was impeached
for using presidential powers to
influence an election that's what CNN
saying that's not a fact that's an
interpretation but okay and now says
it's now clear that his acquittal in a
Senate trial only encouraged him to use
that authority to serve to serve as
personal whims in a pattern that becomes
more pronounced so how do we know that
his acquittal encouraged him to to use
the authority of the government for his
personal whims that's kind of
mind-reading isn't it
because that's not an evidence all this
and evidence is what he does we don't
have an evidence of his inner thoughts
but the chief mind reader is CNN says we
do and and that he's using the machinery
of government to address personal
affronts is that what he's doing is he
using the machinery of government to
address a personal LaFrance or is he
trying to make social media more fair no
interpretation all right so the World
Health Organization continues to say
that masks should not be used except by
health care professionals so now the CDC
and the United States
Medical
authorities say masks are good and you
should wear masks but the World Health
Organization says they're not
recommended for healthy people so when
somebody says you should trust the
experts who should you trust should you
trust the World Health Organization
they're experts and their advice is the
opposite of the CDC who are experts and
this leads me to a tweet today by
Richard Dawkins you know Richard Dawkins
famous religious skeptic meaning he's
skeptical of religion and he tweeted
this and I assume he was talking about
the whole fact-checking social media
situation he tweeted how could
fact-checking
ever ever is in all caps how could
fact-checking ever be a bad thing the
only limit to fact-checking should be
the time and expense of doing so what
honest reasonable person could ever also
a capital object to being fact checked
now I just gave you an example how would
you fact check
masks are good versus mass or bad
how would you fact check that would you
fact check it by going to the experts
because the experts disagree so how does
what Richard Dawkins was a famous
scientist a famous rational person how
in the world does he not know that the
problem with fact-checking is that the
fact checkers are really not to be
trusted
you know as many times as there have
been articles written about Richard
Dawkins and there have been a lot
has he not noticed how often they're
wrong and most of them have been fact
checked so fact-checking doesn't really
work and I'm surprised that he thinks it
does but I'm not saying you should not
fact jack I'm just saying that you know
how could it fact-checking ever be a bad
thing is his direct question and he says
how could it ever be a bad thing he
doesn't say it's more good than
add which I would probably agree with
yeah it's more good than bad it's better
to do that not do I would say that but
how can you ask how could it ever be a
bad thing you'd have to be in a coma for
the last four years to ask how could
that ever be a bad thing all right so
now we've seen Twitter flagged to trump
tweets one because the alleged had
inaccurate election information now Fox
News is reporting it that they were
talking about his his statements that
that ballot so the way Fox News is
reporting it is wrong I think which is
that I just noticed something wrong with
my wall that's weird
Fox News is reporting that the problem
was the president was saying that well
you know the story it's too boring I'm
just gonna bail out of the story because
was too boring you'll be happy about it
all right that's what's happening right
now I would challenge you to see if you
could figure out the positive in today's
stories I think it's a positive that
there's a creative friction between the
public and the government and social
media we don't know how this will come
out but whenever you see creative
friction I think that's a good sign all
right so it was one thing when there was
lots of grumbling about social media but
there was no there was no sense of equal
power social media could do whatever I
wanted the users could grumble but what
are you gonna do you know there's only
one Facebook there's one Twitter for all
practical purposes I know there are
competitors but what are you gonna do so
you end up just complaining about it but
now the president has decided to even up
the power structure now it's the
government versus social media which is
kind of a fair fight if you think about
it I'm not
sure who has more more horsepower
because Google can hire the best lawyers
in the world the government can get
great lawyers and has its own power it's
kind of a fair fight and this is the
kind of fair fight that you should be
happy about because we even though we
don't know where it ends it's almost
certainly gonna move this to a more
credible situation whatever whatever
comes out of that will probably be
something that's a little bit better at
least concealment of bonuses remarks as
going too far well let's say let's say
that the categories that they decide to
censor are limited to facts about the
election and something that glorifies
violence suppose that was all they ever
at it they ever a fact check and if it's
the president of course you see it
anyway we've all seen those tweets
more than we would have because it got
banned so if the effect of fact-checking
the president's tweets is that we all
are more exposed to them not less I
don't know if that's really censorship
because the net effect is we'd get more
communication about the thing that was
censored now that's unique to the
president if it happens to one of us
then that's just the end of it were our
voices are disappeared but it's a good
fight it's a good fight to have I don't
know how it's going to come out but I
like that society is wrestling with this
somebody said Trump didn't glorify
violence well you know that's that's an
opinion and that's the problem with any
kind of fact-checking and any kind of
censorship it's always an opinion
there's no way around it so you either
have to not allow it or accept the fact
that it's an opinion
somebody says CNN doesn't want Biden to
win he's too boring yeah I think there's
real mixed feelings there
so razzle it
yeah there's real real mixed feelings
there all right ah
was he saying the military would shoot
or the store owners would begin shooting
well I think he was just in favor of
that as being a solution and the fact
that there's a lot a lot of you were in
favor of it too you know if you heard
tomorrow
that and I think there's at least one
case of a shop owner killing a looter I
was kind of hoping for a few more am I
allowed to say that
and I am I allowed to say that I was
hoping that a few more store owners
would take matters into their own hands
and defend their stores is that
glorifying violence that's a that's a
good question the does a glorify
violence when I say I would like to see
people defending in legitimate
self-defense their property against
looters even if that meant somebody died
and the answer is I would actually be
happy to see that is that glorifying
violence I don't know I actually don't
know I think is glorifying justice I
think it glorifies a solution to a
problem which recognizes that I don't
care about the fate of the looters I
actually don't you know I think if
somebody puts themself in a certain type
of risk they know what they're doing and
if things don't go well and they chose
that risk of knowing the thing was very
likely would not go well
well I don't know that that's my problem
I don't know that I'm going to spend any
time worrying about that all right let's
see - - all right I think all of you are
agreeing with that that's all for now
I'm going to keep this short and sweet
and I will talk to you tonight