hello everybody coming in here quickly
good to see you all what a wonderful day
it is for a coffee with Scott Adams
I'm Scott Adams your host and it's time
to enjoy the simultaneous OOP yes
if you've prepared you can grab your mug
your cup your glass your Stein your uh
your chalice your tankard if you will
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join me for the simultaneous
end let's talk about Kevin Hart you all
know the story about Kevin Hart he was
going to host the Oscars but then folks
found some old tweets of his which were
considered offensive to the gay
community and therefore disqualifying
Kevin Hart decided not to be part of
that controversy so he pulled himself
out of the running apparently they're
having trouble finding a replacement I
don't and I get I can see why but the
good news here is Ellen DeGeneres has
decided to take up the case of Kevin
Hart and although she is in the LGBTQ
community and that's exactly who he is
alleged to have insulted ten years ago I
guess in his tweets she says he's grown
he's apologized it's time to move on and
I have to say this is one of the most
positive things I've seen in a year
really because here's the standard that
I think we should all live by the
standard that we've been living by is
totally destructive and that standard
says that if you've ever made a mistake
that's who you are forever that we're
going to judge you by your mistakes the
reality is that people grow they get
smarter
they get better and it's supposed to
work like that when you're born your
your little selfish baby and if you do
everything right you get better until
you die so you're getting more
open-minded you get more kind you get
more understanding you know you've
become a little bit more accepting of
other people in a perfect world you
would become better every every day of
your life but when you take somebody
like Kevin Hart and you say hey 10 years
ago you did something offensive when it
seems fairly evident that he's a
different person now and I say different
person in the same way we're all
different people than 10 years ago and
Ellen DeGeneres is quite Ellen DeGeneres
is quite generously and I think wisely
showing some extreme leadership here in
exactly the way that we need it and the
time that we need it now
now Rosanna was a different situation
because she was blamed of doing
something in the present which I believe
was completely misunderstood so she was
falsely accused which is different than
the Kevin Hart situation where he did in
fact say some offensive things he
thought it was in the service of humor
but he probably would not make those
same jokes today so that would show that
he's you know he's grown I love the fact
the alum who's taking this on because I
think that the you know that moves the
LGBTQ community another notch forward in
my mind you know the the big
improvements in the LGBTQ world is you
know getting equal rights and and gay
marriage and you know just being treated
at least equally under the law
and of course was you know societal
acceptance is its best ever and it feels
like this is like the last you know the
last push you know that there's always a
smaller and smaller thing to win you
know when
get the big wins the things to win or
smaller and smaller but this would be
pretty significant I think if the LGBT
community can show this kind of
leadership which is to establish
establish the principle that you can be
an idiot ten years ago you could be
offensive ten years ago and you can get
better and that we should recognize that
because we want people to do that right
don't you want people to be become
better see I would apply the same
argument to President Trump and in half
a number of times I hear people say he
did this or that in the 70s now whether
or not he did this was that in the 70s
none of us are really the same people if
we're that old as we were in the 70s
everybody was worse on almost every
dimension of I don't want to say
personal political correctness I'd
rather say open-mindedness
and an accepting of our fellow humans
with differences every one of us is
better today at that then we used to
date we all got better
shouldn't we be celebrating that
shouldn't we be encouraging that rather
than saying now that thing you did 20
years ago is bad anyway let's talk about
Syria is it my imagination or is the
world coming around to the opinion that
Trump's decision to move out of Syria is
absolutely the right one and apparently
Elizabeth Warren came out completely in
favor of it and even went so far as to
say we should get out of Afghanistan
so she was agreeing very much with
President Trump and we're seeing people
on both sides agreeing and the current
thinking I just tweeted an article from
the LA Times
I thought summed it up pretty well the
current thinking is that our presence in
Syria just wasn't helping and that when
we get out
we're no longer the common enemy of Iran
and Russia in some kind of a proxy fight
but rather the worst thing that could
happen to Iran is to no longer be able
to say to Russia a Russia you know
Russia and Iran have a common interest
in in maybe beating back whoever the
United States wants to win but what
happens when we when we leave well when
we leave they're kind of going to turn
on each other I think because Russia's
interests are gonna start to diverge a
little bit from Iran's and just and I
think Iran has a lot to worry about
there because if you think about it
probably Russia has more to gain by
being good to the United States than by
being at our necks and I think that we
might see some good changes there so
Syria is looking like a good decision
let's talk about the economy so the
stock market is you know taking a dump
and apples taking a dump and everybody's
talking about Chinese it was the China
trade talks some of the experts such as
Gordon Chang expert on China and North
Korea points out that the Chinese
economy is very dependent on us well I
didn't really realize this but it turns
out that the United States is not
terribly dependent on the Chinese
economy
we're buyers and their sellers and it's
a different different world so in theory
once the China trade talks get settled
and I figure everything is settled
eventually that one certainly is going
to get settled whenever that happens
what's gonna happen to stocks it feels
like we're entering one of the best
stock buying periods of all time
now there's uncertainty and you should
never take advice on finances from
cartoonists but if you have to pick one
period there might be the very
last time you could buy stocks it would
be when the economy is generally strong
so strong that the Fed had to raise
interest rates and that it's being
suppressed by something very specific in
this case the Chinese trade talks and
there's almost no no chance that we'll
lose them in the wrong in the long run
in the long run we're going to have a
Chinese trade agreement is the long run
six months is the year I don't know well
we're gonna have a deal and I would
think that buying stocks before the deal
would be a much better deal than buying
after but again I don't give financial
advice you should not buy stocks because
I said so I however will be buying
stocks so I fortunately I had enough
cash that was uninvested that I could
move some into the market now it's a
good time in my opinion but I'm not
giving you financial advice I'm seeing
more and more about the wall / fence
that suggests to me that everybody's
opinion is starting to come to the same
thing I'm not the first person to point
this out but I might have been one of
the first to point out that there wasn't
much disagreement to begin with it's
just what you want to call it do you
call it a wall do you call a defense do
you call it a Wentz
what do you call this thing so even now
Ann Coulter has said the words that a
fence like Israel has to get the job
done we've seen clips of Chuck Schumer
saying that maybe fences would be all
you need so we're very close to the
point where somebody is gonna say let's
turn it over to the engineers let's just
give them a budget and see you where
where the engineers want to put stuff
and get something done
but as you may have noticed a lot of a
lot of the political fighting is about
Trump personally there seems to be a
great dislike of him that can really
only be explained
as a personal thing because it seems to
me that the if you go back in time to
when Trump got elected didn't seem like
the complaints were that there were a
whole bunch of things they were afraid
were going to happen they were afraid he
was gonna round up people he was going
to deport 14 million people he was going
to start a nuclear war so if you take
the time machine back in your head to
2016 the biggest complaints about Trump
were about things he had not done but
they were afraid he was going to do now
how did that turn out we've got a little
over two years that we can look at and
we could say how close were they in
being afraid of these particular things
that they thought he would do and the
answer is not even close
the economy did go up until the Fed
punched it in the nose and then the
trade war we expect the economy to take
a to take a breather because we're
waiting for that to sort out so I would
say as long as jobs are good the economy
is solid yeah that's a good rule of
thumb is that if jobs are good
everything's gonna be fine and we look
at him pulling out of Syria with a whim
looking to pull n of Afghanistan looking
to they're making progress in Yemen with
little US pressure and North Korea looks
like it's heading in the right direction
so I would say and of course 14 million
people have not been deported and
doesn't look like there's any chance of
that happening so I would say that the
worst fears of what Trump would do have
largely been shown to be empty they were
empty fears so if you noticed how the
criticism has shifted so the criticism
has shifted from we think you will do
this in the future and now it's been so
debunked or disproven because we're now
in the future we're a few years into the
presidency and those worst worst worries
are clearly not coming true and clearly
there's no
real risk that they would in fact things
are moving the opposite direction but
people don't give up their criticisms
people don't change their minds just
because the facts change oh they should
wouldn't that be great would it be great
if people change their minds because the
data changed but people don't do that
that's just not the way we're wired
we're wired to keep our opinions even if
all the facts change and even if all the
facts show that we're wrong so have you
noticed and I don't I don't know if I've
heard anybody else say this but it seems
like we've gone from worrying about what
he will do because then it all got
debunked by just waiting and saying he
didn't do it
it seems the criticism has become
intensely personal am I wrong
Romney's talking about Trump's character
very personal now he says that that will
have an impact on people and that
argument is fair but it's very personal
you saw that the first Muslim American
who got elected for Congress has said
that they're going to quote impeach the
mother-effer now doesn't that sound
personal when you look at all the
reasons for why they don't want to give
him the fence or the wall it's kind of
personal
they don't they want to impeach him not
because of what he did but it's sort of
personal so in other words there's a a
trudeau of the President as a human
being there really is the focus of their
anger right now it's going from he might
do these dictator things to hoecake he
keeps following the law he does whatever
the supreme court tells him he's got
good advisers keeping him out of trouble
apparently at least big trouble and now
it's just personal so here's how the
walls last fence and impeachment and
those things could possibly be resolved
or avoided
and it goes like this
the president should call out that the
resistance has simply become personal
and that that's not good for the country
now that alone is probably not a kill
shot it's not gonna change anything
right away but I think it would be
useful for him to stop arguing about the
policies because weirdly people agree
with him on the policies who is
disagreeing with the president on jobs
nobody who's disagreeing with him on
prison reform well that looked pretty
good
who's disagreeing with him on Syria well
there's a lot less of that happening
people on both sides are saying yeah
that's looking pretty good who disagrees
with him that we need strong border
security in some kind of fence Wally
kind of way nobody disagrees so the
president has actually reached this
weird situation were kind of everybody
agrees on the big stuff and and I think
he could make the case now that he
couldn't have made before which is now
it's just personal I would argue and by
the way I haven't heard anybody say what
I'm gonna say right now but and I need
some fact-checking so I could be
completely wrong about this but give me
some fact-checking on this the president
said that after the midterm election in
which the Democrats picked up a lot of
seats in the House the president said
that maybe he would become a little bit
kinder and less harsh in his demeanor I
forget the exact words but that was the
sense of it right he said that publicly
you said it clearly then maybe maybe he
would be a little kinder and gentler in
his his personal demeanor has that
happened has there been a difference in
the president's public demeanor
since the midterm because he said that
he would look at maybe being a little
less harsh I'm looking at your comments
right now I'm seeing only yeses so I got
one one No
now of course it's subjective right but
it seems to me that he's made a
strategic change that's deliberate and
has so far been reasonably consistent
what did he say when Mitt Romney tore
into him about his character
he said that Mitt Romney he hopes he can
be a team player
that's not really that's not really the
kind of thing that you would have
expected in the past right you would
have sort of expected him to tear him
apart we've seen him say that Nancy
Pelosi would make a good speaker and
that she is very strong I don't know
that it was said that before
now we should expect him to still use
his little nicknames and he'll still
make fun of Elizabeth Warren for her you
know her claims so I would expect him to
keep saying the the funny popular things
he said before about the same cast of
characters but they're not terribly mean
are they when the president is making
fun of Elizabeth Warren for the
Pocahontas stuff it's not really that
mean it's more of funny you know it's
useful as persuasion but it's more funny
so I'm watching the president's critics
becoming the worst things that they
hated about him which is their
personalities their demeanors their
choices of words so when you see the a
member of Congress say they want - she
wants to impeach the mother effer
and everybody claps who's you know who's
bringing the bad who's bringing the
broke of the bad role model to Congress
you know who's bringing the bad role
model to government so there's a sort of
a micro trend to watch for 2019 will
president Trump continue to be a kinder
gentler person in terms of his personal
insults and such well probably not
entirely because because if somebody
who's you know let's say an external
country or something comes after him I'm
pretty sure he'll go after him hard but
so far so far he's brought a lot more
civility to the office than we've seen
in the past meanwhile his critics have
become him they've become the uncivil
unreasonable let's make it personal
people so the president has a
opportunity for a countermove which is
to say let's not make it personal you
know rejecting border security funding
is just making it personal if you'd like
to keep me out of it let's turn it over
to the engineers and let them decide the
best way to use that money but if we're
all agreeing that better border security
is a good deal and we all agree that
five billion isn't that much in terms of
the government let's let's not make it
personal all right I saw an article that
says the country is warming to socialism
they're warming up to socialism in other
words the polls show that people are
liking socialism and some of the things
that would come with that like
presumably universal health care and
free college and stuff so and I say a
lot of people are saying I'm not warming
up to socialism there's something to say
for that so I don't promote socialism
but I would say that where we might be
in a situation where regular old
capitalism just doesn't work the way
that we wanted to so if the middle class
is indeed suffering more than ever
that capitalism isn't working you know
if the middle class is not thriving I
think that would be the ultimate test so
I don't know which way the the numbers
are going right now and I'm not saying
that if capitalism isn't working and we
should do a full-tilt to socialism I
would like to suggest a third way way
number one is socialism way number two
is capitalism I would argue that there
was our two approaches that will not
work socialism we know has its problems
I think all of you watching this
probably agree just because of the
people who watch this periscope but I
would argue that if the middle class has
been taking it in the shorts for a
decade or more that I would say if the
capitalism is not working at the moment
that would still mostly works but what
could we do to tweak capitalism without
becoming fully socialist could you do it
is there anything we could do this a
third way and I'm going to suggest it
that there is and it looks like this a
lot of the things that are ruining our
lives right now I have to do with too
much technology and diversion and our
brains are getting fried and we're we're
chasing you know trying to keep up with
the Joneses etc I think the only way
that the world is going to work in the
future is if the government gets a
little bit more involved not a lot but a
little bit more involved in promoting
those technologies and companies that
can lower the cost of a high quality
middle class or lower class life I've
said this before but the highest quality
of life I ever had was in a college
dormitory which was the lowest expense
lowest living conditions you know
physically in terms of the building I've
ever experienced but it was still my
highest quality of life because they got
everything else
right I had a challenge I had something
to work on you know that my classes it
was intellectually challenging I was
around people my age my my basic stuff
was taken care of I didn't have to worry
about paying the bills I didn't need to
cook or wash dishes or was a cafeteria
so I think the big the big improvement
in the future will be figuring out how
to have an inexpensive life that's still
really good completely doable so I think
socialism in its complete form doesn't
work I think capitalism in his pure form
does not work that we can see that right
now and that we need some kind of a
modified capitalism that is a little
more enlightened about working on
lowering the costs of a high quality
life either by organizing people better
by trying new things in small tests by
maybe funding things that would cause
the cost of a house to go down in other
words putting attention on startups and
innovation all right as you know I have
been digging in deep on the climate
climate change question I am still
exactly on the fence about how much we
should be worried about it what I've
discovered so far is that there are
about 25 different arguments about
climate change and you know I'd say 25
different let's say skeptical criticisms
of different parts of climate change and
I wanted to start by dispelling the
worst arguments so there are some
arguments the skeptics make that are
just bad they're bad arguments so I'm
going to tell you which ones to stop
using because there are still good
arguments on both sides good enough that
I can't I can't yet take aside but there
are certainly some arguments on both
sides that are so bad that you should
ignore them and maybe look at the
stronger arguments on both sides so
maybe we should just get rid of the
garbage
and get to the good arguments because if
the good arguments from the skeptics
hold up well then the climate people
need to have a lot of explaining and and
vice versa so let's just look at their
best most verifiable claims and see if
they if they work but let's get rid of
the bad words first
all right here's it so here are the bad
arguments about climate science out of
the 25 or so arguments one of the worst
arguments is that scientists used to
tell us that the world is cooling and
that we would have to worry about a
global cooling so in the 70s climate
scientists were saying hey the world is
getting cooler and so the skeptics say
okay how could it be true that it they
used to say it's getting cool and now
you're saying it's getting warm and
therefore the one thing we can know for
sure is that scientists don't know how
to predict this stuff that is a bad
argument it's a bad argument here's why
the people who were saying that it was
going to be cooler was a small group of
scientists the people who now say that
it's getting warmer is pretty much the
the vast majority of scientists those
are not comparable situations there have
always been small groups of scientists
who have been wrong so what a small
group of scientists says anything that
turns out to be wrong it is not an
indictment of science so please stop
saying scientists got it wrong in the
past so maybe they're getting the wrong
in the future in the present
it's the vast majority of scientists
using lots of different science lots of
different measuring devices etc now
there still are some good skeptical
arguments but let's get rid of the one
this has a few scientists in the past
got picked up by some big media you know
like Time magazine and got reported but
it was more about taking something that
was small and just a few size
disbelieved and turning into a news
story there was never a situation where
the majority of scientists thought it
would be cold in the future so that just
stopped saying that it's not a good
argument another argument you hear is
that people say I will not believe that
climate change is a problem until I see
rich people no longer buying beachfront
homes until I see banks no longer
willing to give loans for Beach Beach
property until I see that I'm not going
to believe it's true that the ocean is
rising here's what's wrong with that
argument
it's a terrible argument do you know who
buys beachfront property rich people do
you know who doesn't care if the sea
level rises and makes their property
worth less money thirty years from now
rich people and I'm telling you this as
a as your local resident rich person so
I got to plug in some power here hold on
rich people do not need to care about
whether they're making a good financial
decision I have personally made bad
financial decisions because I wanted to
enjoy something for a while and if I
were poor or scraping by I would not
have done those things I personally
would buy beachfront property even if
even if I thought in 30 years I'd have
to get rid of it or it'd be worth
nothing if I could enjoy beachfront
property for 30 years and then I had to
just throw away my house I might still
do that okay so if apparently some of
you were saying that it's frozen and
there's no sound but others are saying
that
yeah you might have to back out and come
back in dammit I hate that it froze up
just when I was talking about this
effing subject oh my god
of all things this was the only thing I
wanted this periscope to be about
alright so I'm gonna get back on point
because at least some of you say it's
fixed alright the other bad argument is
that people say they're not worried
about the glaciers melting because if
you put ice in a glass of water and you
wait for the ice to melt it does not
change the water level well that's true
but that's not the argument for climate
change so if you think that adding that
melting ice doesn't change how much
water there is you are missing two
things number one not all of that melted
ice is sitting in the water some of it
is on land if water that's on land melts
into the if ice that's on land melts
into the water you have added water
alright so stop saying that the ice
cubes and your glass of water are
telling you something your ice cubes are
in the water the glaciers are not all
sitting in the water then secondly the
other big reason that the water level
would rise is because when you warm the
oceans the they expand and the warming
might not be equal in all parts of the
world so that you could have you could
have sea level rising in some places and
never rising in others so for example
the California coastline doesn't seem to
be rising or not as much as other places
and that would be expected under climate
change because the warming is in
different places so stop saying with the
ice cubes in your glass tell you about
anything that's a bad bad all right even
there's another one the medieval period
was warmer than it is now and in the
middle medieval period we did
have any co2 or not much there was added
the atmosphere by people so people say
wait a minute why was this so warm in
the medieval period when they didn't
have co2 or at least not co2 added by
human activity that is a bad argument
it's a bad argument now it is true that
there was lower co2 and yet higher
temperatures in the medieval period but
unfortunately for the sceptics the
climate experts have a really good
explanation for that and apparently they
know that some activity was different
then and there was a shortage of
volcanoes during that period and when
you have fewer volcanoes you you have
more warming does it work that way
they may have it backwards but anyway
the scientists know that there was
differences in some activity and
differences in volcanoes so they
actually have a perfectly acceptable
reason why the middle of the medieval
times were warmer so I would say that's
a bad argument from the skeptics because
the response to the argument I I can't
personally verify whether the response
the argument is right but it certainly
sounds credible so I would say that the
medieval argument is weak I wouldn't use
it here's another one satellite images
will show us that ice on the planet is
shrinking so here's here's the bad
argument from the scientists point of
view so they say look at our look at our
satellite pictures and you can see right
with your own eyes that the ice the ice
is shrinking here's what's wrong with
that argument
now again I'm going to modify any of
these opinions as I'm learning new
things so everything you hear me say is
a preliminary until I get better data
you
argument because I've actually changed
my opinion on several points already so
here's what's wrong with the with the
argument that the satellite shows that
the ice is decreasing on the planet my
understanding is we have not always had
satellites and then we haven't had
really satellite pictures before 1979 I
think and I'm told that 1979 was an
unusually cold year so if you start your
measuring from an unusually cold year it
would not be surprising that there's
less ice today if we had satellites that
could go back a hundred years would we
see the same shrinkage or would we see
the ice level go up and down in some
kind of a cycle that did not have much
to do with co2 I don't know but I do
know we don't have satellite
measurements before a certain year and
that wasn't too long ago so I would say
that these the argument from climate
scientists who say that the satellites
show you visually that the ice is is
shrinking it's accurate but it only goes
back to 1979 so it doesn't tell you
enough just by the satellite now of
course that's not their only argument
and I'm not saying it is but if it's the
only argument presented is weak here's
another one the climate scientists say
that the the risk a sea liable C level
rising is dire because eventually it
could have an impact on a hundred
million people a hundred million people
could be impacted by rising sea levels
what percentage of the planet is a
hundred million people let's say we've
got a billion people by the time a
hundred million are in are negatively
impacted by rising water
what percentage
yeah yes so it's about one and a half
percent I think I calculated 1.3 percent
so about one point three percent of the
population would be negatively impacted
by rising sea levels over decades is
that is that a catastrophe now if a
hundred million people died
that's the catastrophe but if a hundred
into one but if a hundred million which
is you know 1.3 percent of the world has
to rearrange their lives and here's the
fun part who owns all the property by
the beaches is it the poor people well
in some countries yes but where they're
most money is involved where it would be
the hardest to move because they've got
a building there and they've got assets
there there's somebody rich who owns
that so do we care that let's say 50
million rich people have to adjust their
lives and 50 million poor people have to
just move a hundred yards away you know
it's probably harder than that they may
have to just find a new place to go but
they're gonna have a lot of time to do
that it's not like they have to pick up
and move on Tuesday they're gonna have
decades to sort it out so what I see the
argument that sea level is rising I say
to myself oh my god my god that does
sound bad but when the people who are
telling me it's a problem say it will
affect a hundred million people over the
course of decades I say you just told me
that's not much of a problem right if if
the estimates are true 100 million
people who have to readjust their lives
half of them are probably rich the other
half didn't own anything to lose they
just have to move if feels affordable
here's the other bad argument which we
saw recently and I won't talk too much
about this because
he did but the estimate that we could
take it 10% hit to our GDP by the year
2100 now of course it's not all
happening in the last year it's
something that would be more of it in
the in the later years and less of it in
the early years would we even notice
that we made 10 percent less than GDP
than we could have over 80 years we
wouldn't we literally wouldn't even
notice how do I know that simple suppose
I told you that our current GDP right
now is 10% lower than it could have been
if we'd made different decisions eighty
years ago which is probably true can you
feel it you don't even notice you just
notice the things are the way they are
so the two biggest economic arguments
coming out of the the warming camp using
their own numbers are really not that
scary so their weak arguments I saw
somebody ask about coral bleaching and
the idea that the warming of the ocean
is killing the the coral habitats I
guess now apparently nobody is doubting
the question that there's more bleaching
meaning that the coral is turning white
when it gets distressed so I think
everybody agrees is morold there is some
disagreement from the skeptics that it's
caused by warming as much as caused by
runoff from farming and irrigation or
whatever there's other causes and then
there are other people who say that it's
not that unusual in history for coral
reefs to be greatly distressed they turn
white but then you check back in a few
decades and they're completely revived
so we can't know exactly whether this is
one of those times when it's cyclic or
or not but at the moment I would say
that argument tilts toward the climate
warming argument right I would say the
skeptics
maybe you have a little week or argument
here but they do have an argument so
it's a I would say that that much is
hard for us to sort out right so those
are the worst arguments on both sides
and one of my Twitter followers
Gregory markle's I think if you're not
following him you should because he digs
in on a lot of the arguments that I get
into online and he tends to be the most
clear thinker in the game and one of the
things he pointed out yesterday which I
agree with a lot is that anytime you try
to talk about climate change it turns
into whack-a-mole and it doesn't matter
which side you're talking about both
sides that have a whack Amole laundry
list strategy so if you say to either
side either the skeptics or the this
majority of scientists if you say to
them I'm debunking your point and here's
how I'm debunking it if you do a good
job do they ever say oh good a good
point you debunk me they do not they
just move to the next thing on the list
so if you say well the way you're
measuring temperatures is not credible
because you've made adjustments then
they say well we don't rely on just that
we also look at the satellite we look at
the ice core we look at three other ways
to measure temperature and they're all
in agreement so you have this perpetual
whack-a-mole problem and likewise if the
climate scientists say look skeptic this
was your sceptical claim I just prove
prove that you're skeptical claim is
invalid what does the skeptic do do they
say oh okay you've convinced me now I
believe in climate change they do not
they say but I've got another reason so
that so the whack-a-mole problem is
probably why we can't reach consensus
because nobody can give in on a point
they just move to the other point
skeptics do it and the scientists do it
and between the two of them there are so
many moles to be whacked that you could
never have
debate because you could you you could
never have a debate because you would
never have enough time each group would
just keep saying okay well if you don't
like that I've got another piece of
evidence
so what Gregory pointed out and I agree
is it maybe instead of arguing every
point we should look to both sides best
most checkable points so you'd want two
qualities to dig into one is it is it a
major point because there are lots of
major arguments and then minor arguments
the minor ones are stuff like you know
what about the ice in my glass you know
that those are the minor ones but
there's some that are just big important
ones that and in there are ways that you
can actually tell who's right it's
objectively you can tell and the one
that Gregory pointed out and I agree is
a famous climate skeptic Tony Heller has
and and please fact-check me if I get
this wrong because I've seen so many
climate stories now and maybe conflating
things but I believe this is true and I
and I know Tony watches these he's been
following this conversation so he might
have an answer of this but I believe
he's made the claim that the the tenth
the thermometers around the world have
been adjusted over time and those
adjustments are telling the story that
maybe if they hadn't been adjusted you
might have gotten a different story and
so therefore there's a credibility
problem with the measurements now part
of that argument I believe and here's
the part I want you to fact-check me on
is that if you looked at only the
measuring devices that have not been
adjusted and never changed they've
always been in the same place and
nothing changed about them it's the same
technology etc so the longest continuing
measurements don't show the warming
using the publicly available data that
both the scientists and the skeptics
have access to now that claim
is completely checkable and and the
claim is not only checkable by third
parties you can actually figure out did
did Tony Heller really pick the right
measurement devices are they really the
ones that have not experienced any kind
of adjustment and is it true when you
look at the same data the scientists who
look yet that they do not show warming
if you take the if you take out all the
ones that have adjustments that claim is
seems to me is testable and it's one of
the most important claims on the skeptic
side one of the strongest ones so if we
can debunk the that claim that I would
say the the Tony Heller arguments are
going to lose a leg I mean the other he
makes a number of arguments and you'd
have to look at them separately but
that's a big one all right that's that's
in the top three at least right maybe
the top one and its checkable wouldn't
you like to see that checked what do the
scientists say when Tony Heller presents
his list of all the of all the
abatements that don't show the warming
do they say you picked the wrong ones do
they say that you looked at the wrong
data I don't know so I would say that's
an open question and it's something that
I think some people are looking into it
at the moment but it gives it gives you
a possible way forward I think the first
thing you have to do is say that there
are 25 arguments and this whole climate
change thing everything from ice core
and measuring devices and you know well
there's just 25 different arguments but
probably 20 of those arguments are
weaker than the best five and the best
five might be some some pro climate and
change and some anti climate change I
don't know what those best five would
look like but let's figure out what the
best five are because they might be
something we can we can just check so
that's my goal right now my goal is to
get the skeptics to stop saying the
weakest sceptical things and try to
figure out what are the strongest
skeptical things so get off the weak
ones get onto the strong ones likewise
the climate scientists who have done a
horrible job of persuading I can't judge
their science but on the persuasion
perspective it's obvious that they've
done a terrible job because half the
country isn't buying it so the they too
should maybe back off of their weaker
arguments if they can identify which are
the weaker ones and try to just stick
with the strongest one so I'll give you
an example where they might be so one of
the stronger arguments might be
sea-level because I'm a little I'm a
little uh say I'm a little dubious about
whether they can measure ice changes
over time so I don't know if that will
ever be their strongest argument
especially if the satellites don't go
back beyond 79 but it seems to me that
they could make a prediction about
sea-level make a five-year prediction
let me ask you this if you're a skeptic
of climate change I'd like to see your
answer in the comments if you're a
skeptic of climate change and the
climate scientists said I'll make you a
deal sea level change is the one thing
we absolutely know is going to change
and are at a rapid rate assuming
everything else we know about climate is
true if it's true that co2 is R it is
rapidly rising the temperature then
we'll see sea level go up and in five
years you'll definitely be able to see
that our predictions are right if they
made that prediction and said here's the
deal in five years you need to change
your mind if we hit this prediction
would you accept that would you and I
know most of you are probably skeptics
for those of you are skeptics what do
you accept that the scientists are right
if they could call
if they could call there you know where
they're gonna hit the home run and it
was only five years it's not a long time
and in five years you look at it and you
go damn they hit it or it's even worse
than they say that would be also help
their argument would that would that
convince you now there's some people are
saying that sea level is not a good
measure because the the land is also
changing so in other words if there's an
underwater volcano and the underwater
volcano creates a new mass underwater or
or an island gets bigger or something
from the volcano there you have you
would have rising sea level so I don't
know that we can measure sea level and
predict it because of stuff like
volcanoes what I'll bet we can better
than other things so anyway the strong
arguments are probably about sea level
rise if we can if we can maybe get a
better idea about ice change that would
be great and the one of the strong
arguments that I don't haven't dug into
enough is that all of the various
measuring methods give you the same
result in other words if you'd look at
the thermometers or if you look at the
ice core samples or if you look at
whatever the satellites do about
temperature and I think there might have
been two or three other measures but
they they're all compatible and they all
tell the same story is that true that's
the story now if that's true that's a
really good argument huh but I'm kind of
skeptical that all of those measurements
really match up you know I worry I worry
that they're forced they're forced to
match but that's not a claim that is
only a skeptical question all right
I think I will and to hear and I'll talk
to you later