[Music]
well it looks like we got a little
company up here better navigate through
okay looks like the simulation is back
on track hi good morning
this is coffee with Scott Adams I'm
coming to you today from the simulation
control room this is where the
simulation that you believe as your
reality is formed and I'll be tweaking
it a little bit this morning you can you
can see that there's a lot going on up
here it's pretty busy space a lot of
people trying to tweak your reality but
I'm the the ultimate author and so
you're in good hands today and we're
going to be tweaking the simulation for
your benefit today it's gonna be really
good
watch this but first what do you need
you know what you need come on you know
what you need yeah you need a cup or a
mug or a glass a tank or chalice or
Stein the canteen juggler flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
and of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous sip go yeah now many of you
noticed that the news started to get a
little boring and since I've been
running this simulation like a reality
show
I needed to inject some interest so did
you notice how the fisa process was
getting really boring it was boring so I
made a few changes here and here all
right little little tweaks there okay
and now we've got an interesting FISA
Court again as Mike Tsarevich reported
on Twitter in February of 20
and Obama era lawyer named David Chris
wrote that Devin munis quote falsely
accused the FBI of deceiving the FISA
Court
so somebody incorrectly said that Devon
newness falsely accused the FBI of
deceiving the FISA Court only to learn
later that the FBI deceived the FISA
Court that everything Devon noona said
was correct so what would be the most
fun thing I could do to make the FISA
thing interesting you know what David
Chris in charge of overseeing it and
that's what's going to happen that's
right the guy who doesn't have a shred
of credibility is going to be the next a
FISA Court overseer you didn't see that
coming did you I know you thought it
would be some credible boring person who
would just oversee stuff no that is not
how I run this simulation could would I
bar you know now we're gonna get the
most divisive person we could put it in
there somebody who has no credibility
whatsoever and a complete public record
to prove it
that's what I call a good good
simulation all right here's my favorite
story of the day are you ready
president Trump is getting a lot of heat
because the intelligence people aren't
exactly backing up his claim about the
imminent threat from the Solomon a and
his people and I wondered to myself
Scott what was the exact quote that
Trump made what were his exact words
that are making people fact check him
incorrectly so I went back to it and
looked it up here here are his exact
words that they're fact-checking right
so this is being fact checked so when I
read this sentence and say to yourself
oh I guess they'll find they're trying
to find that if that's a fact president
Sadek quote I can reveal that I believe
it would have been for embassies Trump
said in an interview with Fox News and
now the point of that was that Trump
indicated that there was imminent danger
to four embassies and their
fact-checking that and the other the
other folks
Pompeyo and the other person whose name
I can't remember right now are saying
well you know they're sort of shading
that a little bit softening a little bit
and the critics are saying wait wait
and so I read the sentence again tell me
where in this sentence
Trump makes the claim that the
intelligence proves or even strongly
indicated that there was good the four
embassies were going to attacked find me
in this sentence where Trump said the
intelligence says four embassies are
going to be attacked watch this I'll
read it again I can reveal that I
believe it would have been four
embassies find in that sentence where he
said the intelligence says it's going to
be four embassies it's not there they're
fact-checking a belief a belief about
something that could happen in the
future in other words they are literally
fact-checking his speculation about what
he believed I'm pretty sure he believed
that or at least he believed that there
was trouble coming but you've got the
entire media who has nothing to do today
except to fact-check somebody who had a
belief in what was likely to happen
that's it he had a belief now was his
belief unreasonable no actually there's
nobody who thinks it's unreasonable to
assume that having having surrounded one
embassy that he wouldn't do some more of
it wouldn't the most obvious thing to do
if you were just surrounded an embassy
and you got a lot of
press forward and you were putting heat
on the Americans wouldn't you surround
some more embassies it feels like that's
exactly what they would have done so if
Trump says I can reveal that I believe
it he's not saying I can reveal the the
evidence you did say that he said I
could reveal what I believe did he
believe that for embassies might have
been three might even five but is it a
reasonable claim the Trump believed
embassies were the likely targets I
would say that's pretty credible now I
don't know what he thinks but is it
reasonable that he would believe
embassies would likely be at the top of
the target list given that they just
surrounded an embassy probably probably
all right
this is interesting I think who is CNN
who was reporting that Iran has the
media has turned on the government which
doesn't happen in Iran think about this
the headlines for the major Iranian
newspapers were pretty anti-government
talking about the shooting down of the
plane and changing the story and killing
all the Iranian citizens who just
thought they were they were on a plane
going somewhere what does it mean that
the Iranian press just declared some
independence probably means a lot now it
could be that the Iranian leadership is
saying you know we just got to take it
on the chin because we messed up we've
admitted we made a mistake we've
admitted what really happened maybe we
just have to maybe we just have to let
the public and the press event and maybe
that's the best thing now if that's what
they're thinking it would be pretty
smart I think it would be smart for Iran
I think to let the public and the press
event a little bit before before things
get back to normal because if they can't
vent with their free speech what there
is of it then maybe they would have to
do something more radical maybe that's a
good
to stop that so Trump tweeted they was
urging Iran to turn their internet back
on and I thought that might be really
productive in terms of a way to go and
Newt Gingrich said something interesting
he said that the the US position should
be quote aggressively pro-iranian now
what's interesting is his choice of
words
aggressively pro-iranian is what the US
position should be totally agree with
that you know anytime Newt talks you
should listen because he's usually the
smartest guy in the game and news says
we should be aggressively pro-iranian
now you could you could argue what
aggressive means in this context but
what I love is pro-iranian we are
pro-iranian
because we like the people of Iran we
wish them well with we'd like to be able
to you know do more with them it's just
the government so new tests correctly
identified that we have a common enemy
we the people of Iran and the United
States we have a common enemy which is
their current government and being
aggressively pro-iranian as a way to
frame our position is really strong
newts good at this stuff
so you should listen to them that's way
better than being somehow anti Iran or
acting like we we want to destroy the
country those are the worst frames
here's an idea so this is more of a yeah
this is a thought experiment
I believe this idea has no chance of
being implemented but the president's
tweet and and also newts framing give me
this idea just imagine this imagine if
you will that we said we'd like to
negotiate with you or ran but there's
only one thing we want I'm not saying
this will happen and I'm not claiming
this is the the idea we should
pursue just a thought experiment it goes
like this we say to them we only want
one thing we want you to turn your in
and that back on that's it that's the
only thing we want and other and we'll
we'll release the sanctions now you say
to yourself wait wait wait then they're
gonna get a nuclear weapon you know that
that's all the problems that we're
trying to avoid we have to keep the
pressure on but here's what's different
I believe the Iranian public or at least
enough of them might be on our side
meaning our side meaning peace meaning
they don't want to start a war meaning
they don't want their government to be
wasting their money on stuff like that
so it seems to me and again it's just a
thought experiment in the real world
probably you wouldn't take any risk like
this but think about how strong that
would be as a framing hey Iran there's
only one thing we want we want you to
put your own public on the internet let
him talk that's it that's all we're
gonna ask because one of the things that
that would do is who would show that
there's no difference between what we
want the United States and what the
public of Iran wants say there's no
difference I think the Iranian public
can take care of it if they have one
thing the ability to communicate that's
it it's the only thing we ask we're not
even going to ask you to do anything
with your nukes we're not going to ask
you to change your proxy stuff although
maybe that's in the process of changing
already because of Solomon a being gone
but as a framing it's very strong just
say it's all we want we just want you to
empower your own public wherever that
goes is up to you and there's a good
chance it would go in a productive
direction now it's not guaranteed so
that's why you know you know you're
never going to see an idea like that but
as a thought experiment it's interesting
[Music]
all right the other thing that Trump is
doing by saying let the Iranians have
access to
the Internet is it's starting to get
close to an idea that I've been
promoting for a while and that's the
idea that we should encourage Iran to
take their jihad there let's say their
religious impulses their argument there
their war if you will to spread the
teachings and the ways of Islam take it
to the Internet so instead of making it
a kinetic war where people get killed
making it a war of ideas and trust their
God I think that's the strongest part of
it if they trust their God then we
should they should also trust that the
ideas they're promoting their
interpretation of what their God wants
are the correct ones and that there
would be the strongest over time and
that's all they would need but if they
don't trust their own God they might
have to use war and terrorism and these
lesser tools the tools of primitive
people because they don't trust their
God enough to take it to the proper
battleground of ideas because what is
religion religion is not keep your arm
or lose your arm
religion is a war of belief and thoughts
and ideas so if they can't win on the
battlefield of thoughts of ideas an
argument they should question whether
they've interpreted their their deity
correctly because would their God let
them lose if they were fighting the
right war that would be a question for
them seems to me they would believe that
if their God wanted them to win their
God would let them win that's how it
works so the president has tiptoed right
up to that line but I think there's
another place to go which is let's take
the war to the Internet
because asking people to stop there
their jihad or or to stop their
aggressive promotion of their version of
Islam that's too much to ask you can't
ask the Ayatollah why don't you be a
little less Islamic that's not that's
not a path that's not gonna happen
but you could ask him to fight the war a
more effective way one that's more
compatible with their own God that seems
like that could be done so I'll put that
out there let's see if we can change the
simulation a little bit all right bye
this week tweaking tweaking yeah bye
this week you'll see more of that here's
an idea for Iran again I don't think
this idea will be implemented it's just
food for thought let's say you're an
Iranian citizen you want to protest your
government but you don't want to take
the risk it's not an accident that a lot
of the protesters are young and students
because young students take bigger risks
but there must be you know millions of
just ordinary middle-class married
people with families who would also like
to protest but it's just too dangerous
how could you let the people who want to
protest also protest but make it safe I
have a suggestion it's called the
ambiguous protest
are you ready we might give it a
different name and it goes like this
instead of going outside with masks and
clubs and whatever else they're doing
and tearing down flags and essentially
sort of rioting in the streets instead
of that where it would be easy for any
police officer to look at the people and
say okay well that person with the masks
who's tearing down a poster is a
protester no doubt about it
so we'll rough them up we'll kill them
and we'll do whatever we do to
protesters but what if instead of that
it were made a little bit more ambiguous
and it goes like this shoes let's say
you have a call that at a certain time
everybody will go outside that's it
that's the whole protest
everybody wherever they are if they're
indoors just walk outside they don't
have to March they don't have to chant
they don't have to sing they don't have
to throw things in fact if you just walk
outdoors on your own sidewalk how do I
know you're protesting at all
maybe you're just going to the store
somebody's calling it a flash mob that's
probably a pretty good branding so what
I'm talking about
is a show of the the pure volume of
support for the protesters without the
risk of being a protester because if you
simply walk outside in your regular
street clothes it could be because you
wanted to see who else walk downside it
could be because you were going to the
store it could be because you were going
for a walk but you're outdoors and
here's the thing how big would this be
if if the Iranian protesters just said
all right 8 p.m. Tuesday night walk
outdoors if you support the protesters
just walk outdoors you don't have to
march you don't have to go anywhere you
can stand in front of your own house
just walk outdoors some people will be
just going outdoors to see how many
other people went outside so you could
go outdoors for two reasons one to just
see what's happening two to show you the
show that you're protesting it's kind of
it's gonna kind of look the same and the
idea would be to disguise the identities
of the protesters from the people who
are just happened to be outside but
imagine if you will if 30 million people
walked outside at the same time that's
it the hard part is getting from the
number of protesters you have to some
number that's big enough to overthrow
the country without going through the
phase where the Iranian National Guard
kills thousands of you on the process
the only way you can skip that phase is
by having tens of millions people just
walk out doors at the same time just say
hey we're outdoors
look at how many there are we'll just
take some pictures that's all just go
outside take some pictures that's the
end of it all right
don't think that'll happen but it could
here's something that Iran's supreme
leader said recently and what he said
was quote that that it's a turbulent
situation with the u.s. and Iran and he
called for increased cooperation in the
region isn't that an interesting
response the supreme leader blames the
u.s. for the turbulence in the region
but then as a response to the turbulence
in the region it calls for increased
cooperation in the region I'm not sure
exactly who's cooperating maybe just
everyone but what does that mean to have
increased cooperation in the region well
here's the dog that didn't bite if the
US is blaming if the if Iran is blaming
the US for the turbulent situation
shouldn't the next thing they say be
then the US should change what they're
doing because if the US is to blame is
wouldn't you expect that the Iranian
leadership would say well u.s. is to
blame therefore the u.s. should do
something different but instead Iran
says the u.s. is to blame for the
turbulence but who should do something
different is the other people in the
region isn't that a soft response
it's very anti aggressive it's it's
almost it's flagrantly anti aggressive
but it does suggest that the solution is
a larger peace deal and I feel like
that's where this is heading well let's
make sure it's heading that way
simulation controls on control f1 which
a couple buttons all right
there we go there we go simulation is
set we should be seeing a wider peace
deal in the region
maybe not in the next weeks but maybe in
the coming months because nothing else
would make sense all the other plans are
bad but the plan of having a large
regional peace deal where Iran could
consolidate some of its gains such as
its influence over Iraq which would be a
gigantic game for Iran you know wasn't
that many years ago that they were at
war with Iraq and now Iran owns now they
own Iraq you know under Saddam Iraq
attacked Iran and caused just you know
horrendous losses as Iran tried to
defend itself with just human waves of
soldiers who were getting mowed down by
superior forces and after all that not
too many years go by and Iran owns the
country that attacked them they're not
going to give it back and maybe they
maybe they maybe they earned it you know
I'll tell you if a country attacked the
United States and we had a chance later
to own in that country we might do it I
wouldn't I can't see Iran giving it up
all right
so
Trump also tweeted Baba national
security advisers suggested today that
the sanctions and protests have Array
unquote choked off and will force them
to negotiate and then the president
talking about negotiating he says
actually I couldn't care less if they
negotiate will be totally up to them but
no nuclear weapons and quote don't kill
your protesters now we don't have a lot
of control any control over whether they
kill their protesters but somewhat
embedded in this we don't care if you
negotiate or not is a threat and the
threat is we don't care if you negotiate
but no nuclear weapons what does that
mean negotiating is optional but what's
not optional is that you're not going to
have nuclear weapons that's that's a
military threat or an economic threat
but it's some kind of a threat this says
that's not going to happen and it
doesn't matter if you'd go see eight or
not I like that but then the part about
don't kill your protesters which is a
good thing to say I feel as if that
don't kill your protesters that should
be aimed more at the Iranian public or
basically the problem would not be the
problem with the United States it would
be a problem with Iran and its
government if they kill their protesters
again I think that might be a step too
far especially after the planes
situation I've said before that the
plane situation could be Iran's fake
because sometimes you need or a reason
that's not really your real reason
because you were already inclined to do
whatever it is but you need something
that's your trigger or something you
could point to say yeah it's because of
that we're all rallying around that and
and that might be the Ukrainian airline
that got shot down and the lying about
it which seems to be even the bigger
problem domestically than the mistake
itself tragic as it was
so anyway we're watching that with great
interest
whatever happened to impulsive and
reckless does this does it seem to you
we'll see if that keeps coming back but
it seems to me that the complaints
against Trump mostly from the Democrats
were that he was impulsive and reckless
now impulsive has been debunked by the
fact that we now know that they've been
planning it for 18 months if you've been
planning something for 18 months in
other words the question now I would say
not planning but rather they've been
mulling the question of whether to take
out Sullivan a for 18 months can you
really argue that it was impulsive it's
the opposite of impulsive
so that just was stupid then how about
reckless
well reckless is one of those things
that you get to analyze after the fact
has Iran ever been quieter than they are
this week it seems that reckless has
turned into that thing that worked too
early to say things could change but can
you call him reckless when he does
something that completely works it
absolutely I ran down in terms of their
malign activities as far as we know now
we could we could learn that their
proxies are all reactivated in ten
minutes
that can all change but at the moment is
it reckless if it worked because it
looks like it worked
it looks like the equation has
completely changed in Iran and I'm also
seeing more whispers not in any credible
way yet but whispers that the Iranian
public wasn't so unhappy about losing
that guy and maybe the government itself
wasn't so unhappy about losing that guy
because if it's like every other
government organization or any big
organization there were people in the
government who didn't like that guy
and they wished he did not exist anymore
and now he doesn't by the way how many
of you went and looked at the photos of
Solomon Hayes dead charred body I saw
something on the internet about that
existed that there existed actually
photographs of the scene where you can
actually see in there with his with his
burned down body so I think most most of
the you know main professional press
sites don't carry it but it didn't take
me long to find it I went over I think I
saw it on in force and I had the worst
time understanding myself looking at
that that I've ever had and here's the
thing I kind of enjoyed it
and that's so hard to admit because he
was so bad you know it was sort of like
if that seemed bin laden with a hole in
his head or something I think I would
have enjoyed it and it says something
terrible about me I know because I don't
like that kind of stuff had that been
some random you know just citizen would
minding their own business and had a
horrible fate I wouldn't be happy about
it it wouldn't be entertaining I
certainly wouldn't go out of my way to
look at it but I actually went out of my
way to look at that charred body and I'm
not proud of us I enjoyed it I enjoyed
knowing that his end was so terrible and
I even found myself hoping that he
stayed alive long enough to know what
happened which is a terrible thought I
mean it really it tells me too much
about myself I wish I didn't know but I
assure you that I don't have these
impulses for normal people it's reserved
for your worst terrorists but there it
is so
so watch this week and see if impulsive
and reckless disappear
I think the attack is going to turn
totally on this for embassy thing how
did you know why did you have this
belief that for embassies would be
attacked and there will be fact-checking
an opinion that says that's gonna be the
main news this week they'll be
fact-checking Trump's opinion that's not
a thing he said he can reveal that he
believes the four for embassies will be
attacked
let's fact check his belief makes no
sense but the important thing that you
wanted to talk about is Harry and Megan
so the two Royals who have been kicked
off the island
now they chose to leave just kidding
they're choosing to leave them and the
news I'm not sure this is really
reliable news but the news that we're
getting today is that the pair have said
that they want to live in LA but not
until Trump leaves office to which I say
hey congratulations royal family just
found two countries you're not welcoming
because let me tell you this if they
move to LA and it's true and I would say
I would doubt this is true so the report
that they don't want to move to LA
until Trump leaves office my guess is
that's not true all right I would have
to hear I would have to hear it come out
of their mouth in order to believe that
was true because I don't think they're
that dumb right they're both pretty
smart people smart enough not to say
that if you're gonna move to a country
you don't start by making a public
pronouncement that half of the people in
the country are unworthy
deplorable 'z which is sort of what it
sounds like
so I feel sorry for them because that
just made them unwelcome by half of the
people in this country but let's hope
that that was just a bad
rumor and when they're asked about it
they say we wouldn't say that because I
don't think they would you know one of
the things if you've been raised as a
royal you certainly know what kind of
things to say in public and what kind of
things not to say in public I mean you
know the harried knows that and this
would be very much in the in the
category of things you don't say right
it would be not political would not be
wise to demean half of the country
before you move into that country so I
don't think it happened I'll go on
record as saying that that's fake news
all right
is it my imagination or there's not much
else happening i somebody says she might
say it that Megan Marco may say it but
would she say it without checking with
Harry I saw a video this morning where
people were trying to embarrass