bottom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom come on in here hey Julie
and other people can come on in here
Jess I'm not gonna say that name Donna
come on in here
we got breaking news breaking news and
it's the funny kind that's your favorite
kind what kind of news is better than
better than the funny kind nothing let
me turn off my phone here so if you're
watching the news you know that Sarah
Sanders has announced that the president
has decided to revoke the security
clearance of John Brennan who was the
CIA chief under Obama but more recently
he's been president Trump's most vocal
[Music]
probably most vocal and powerful critic
if you combine vocal and powerful
together probably probably the most
vocal credible sounding person hey Josh
and let me tell you all the things that
are right about this I don't know where
to start
so I'm watching CNN's coverage and if
you watch my periscope this morning you
know I talked about how CNN and other
news sites you know they're not unique
but they have this characteristic that
they try to make you think past the sale
and they're doing it on this story again
because the story that they're reporting
is is the rip is the president doing
this for political reasons or is it to
take a Moroso off the headlines so those
are the two two choices
that CNN has presented to the audience
one choice he's doing it just for a
political revenge to shut people up and
the other choice CNN gives you is maybe
it's to take a Moroso out of the
headlines what's missing isn't there
sort of a big choice missing after you
in the comments please tell me what
choice is missing it's gonna take a
while for the comments to catch up so
let me jump to the answer the answer is
one of the options that they are not
presenting the the listeners is that
John Brennan can't be trusted that
option has not been presented well it's
obviously been presented by the
president but why is that the CNN can't
put that on the table because we don't
know the reason we don't know if it was
only to change the headlines we don't
know if it was only to you know punish
or shut these people up but we also
don't know if there was a really good
reason shouldn't we put that out there
three three possibilities the other
thing that CNN is reporting is that Dan
coats the head of what is the Director
of National Intelligence was not
consulted before this decision but they
they agree that the president can make
this decision he has full authority now
here's the question that I haven't seen
on CNN yet I'm sure they'll get to it
and the question is if the president
doesn't trust John Brennan what the hell
else does he have to do who else does he
have to talk to if the President of the
United States who knows for sure
whether or not he colluded with the
Russians you know you and I we're
guessing right we weren't there my
assumption is he did not but if we're
being fair a lot of the country
including John Brennan believes that
he's in Putin's pocket but there is one
person who knows for sure if he's
Putin's puppet the president so if the
president doesn't trust John Brennan I
think the word that they used was
erratic it looks like John Brennan is
trying to bring down the government over
something that the president knows for
sure is either true or false you and I
don't know but the president house so
given that the president knows the
answer to that question and he doesn't
trust John Brennan did he really need to
consult anyone I don't think so
I don't think he needed to consult
anyone because he knew everything he
needed to know he knows if he's guilty
presumably he's not and he knows that
John Brennan is trying to convince the
country that he is which is one of the
biggest risks to the country you could
ever imagine so it was completely
irrelevant if Dan coats weighed in on
the value of his clearance now keep in
mind the security clearance taken away
can be reassigned so if there were some
particular security let's say some
emergency came up and you know we just
needed
Brendan's input how long would it take
to give him his security clearance back
I don't know an hour yeah you can always
give it back so it's not like anything's
truly lost so let me tell you what else
I like about this the president was put
on the defensive with this Omarosa
saying well there's this tape out there
but probably not you know all the
evidence is that there's not but it
still was enough for the news
to say can you prove here's the fun part
pay attention to this so the news the
press is saying can you prove that no
tape will ever show up well you can't
really prove a negative can you but now
I don't think this is the purpose of it
but in a strange twist of events Brennan
and the other people who are at risk of
losing their clearance we'll talk about
that in a minute
are all of the position of kind of
having to explain why they should keep
their security clearance because it sort
of makes them a little bit guilty of
something so even if they're not it puts
the onus on them to kind of explain how
they lost their security clearance yeah
so that part's good politics but the
other the other thing I like about this
is that the way it was done is just
wrong enough because it's all
Republicans and it's all people who have
been critical of the president and the
reasons given are not you know something
solid that you could look at and say oh
there's the thing he did wrong that's
why so it strikes us that there's
something I don't know that's not quite
right with this decision it's not it's
not buttoned up right there's a little
bit of uncertainty here bingo perfect if
you want to take something else out of
the headlines don't do it with something
that has a good reason behind it do it
with something that can be interpreted a
little bit differently because that's
what gets all the attention so the fact
that the critics of the president have
lots of stuff to work with means he just
filled up their agenda for the rest of
the evening so I have the the
imperfection of the way it's done is
part of the feature this is one of those
cases where the the bug is a feature
because attention is more important than
details in this and many other
situations
but here's my favorite part are you
ready for this there are a lot of
interesting elements this but here's my
favorite part
president Trump just branded the deep
state if you haven't seen the picture
that CNN was running they were sure and
and this is truly funny I took a picture
of it so you you see it alright so if
you can see it here's a picture that CNN
was running so there's bread in here but
here the the faces of the other people
who are likely to remove to lose their
security clearance so that apparently
they've been mentioned doesn't this look
a little like a most-wanted list
correct me if I'm wrong but this is the
first time the alleged deep State has
appeared in one place on CNN he just
branded the deep state the best Brander
in the world just made CNN brand the
deep State and they can't stop doing it
they can't stop reporting on this it's
it's just too interesting so from now
until the end of the week you're going
to watch the president's enemies brand
the deep state and tell you exactly
who's in it and allegedly and make
everybody you look into it a little more
like hey you're gonna have people look
at that list and say well I've heard of
a few of these people but who you know
who's Sally Yates most of you now but
but a lot of people are gonna be like
I've been looking to it let me Google a
couple of these people why are they all
in the same list what do they have in
common now CNN keeps asking this
question of their pundits they say hey
what is it that all these people have in
common and of course they're leading the
witness
to say well these are people who have
criticized the president absolutely true
they might also say that hey why isn't
general Flynn on there because he lied
to the FBI well here's a reason
general Flynn still has the trust of the
president that would be one reason but
here's the other reason that the CNN
pundits are not offering the other thing
that that group has in common is that
they were trying to overthrow the United
States allegedly alright so the you know
in our to movie world one movie is the
president's doing everything wrong and
he has lots of critics
that's how CNN is trying to frame it but
in the other movie this group of people
allegedly are part of the deep state
attempt to take down the president
because they didn't like the election
results allegedly now we live in a world
where you can't really ever be sure
what's true somebody saying only tin
foil has Scott believes us I'm getting
to that you're giving ahead of me I
personally have no solid evidence than
any of those people on that list were
actively trying to take down the
president oh sure there's lots of stuff
that looks that way
but keep in mind there was lots of stuff
that looked true on pizza gate just
wasn't true there was lots of stuff that
looked true on the McMartin school case
which I probably should talk about here
in a moment so it's very common for
there to be tons of things that suggest
something's true and still not be true
it's very common but we have we have
these two competing movies one as the
president is working with Putin and in
the election was determined by the
Russians and the other is that the deep
state is working against the legally
elected president
so now the president has solidified the
brand of the opposition and the more
that they complain the more they become
branded so now that they're now self
branding from this point on because you
can't really say clapper or you can't
really say bread and lost his security
clearance without mentioning the others
it just it's too in you know it's too
connected to the story you just have to
mention them as a group it's perfect
it's perfect in terms of politics and
persuasion you can you could make your
own decisions on the the ethics and the
morality of any of this stuff anything
I've talked about feel free to put your
own layer of ethics and morality on it
we're not ignoring it I'm just trusting
you to do it you don't need me for that
let's talk about a little a little
detour here to the case there's some
kind of Pennsylvania a situation where
there are hundreds or a thousand alleged
kids who were apparently the victims
allegedly of priests Catholic priests
and I was watching the coverage of that
this morning and you know if I hear a
story about a Catholic priest molesting
somebody I'm biased toward thinking
that's probably true because there are
better enough stories of it happening
that you say have you hear another one
it's very sad and it's probably true but
this morning I heard allegations of what
allegedly some of these priests did
there are so over the top that I call
 now I don't call on
every allegation because it seems to me
likely that some of them are real but
when you start hearing that that the
priest was drinking the bodily fluids of
five sisters and washing out the mouth
of one
the victims with holy water I'm sorry
you've gone too far and we have a
precedent for this exact thing two
precedents one is Pisa gained plenty of
evidence for pizza gate it just wasn't
true
and if you are not familiar with the
McMartin preschool case in the 70s I
think maybe maybe 80s you should do it
research that McMartin case and you'll
see that there was a preschool in which
the preschool management 80s simply is
correcting me the management of a
preschool what they were accused of
horrible satanic rituals and abuse of
children and there was a lot of evidence
there was a lot of evidence because they
would interview the children and say hey
is there a secret room underneath the
school where people are taking kids and
some of those kids would say yep I've
been in that room I got I got abused
weird things happened and none of it was
true there there were no rooms under the
school no evidence ever corroborated any
event and in the end smart people looked
at the tapes of the police I think the
police interviewing the children and it
became obvious that they were leading
the children to make up stories and then
they were encouraging them and sort of
complimenting them when the stories were
the type that they wanted to hear kids
are very impressionable you can make
them make up a story real easily and so
and I and when you're done they'll
actually believe it that's the weird
part
so when you look at this Catholic priest
story and you hear that there are a
thousand victims there are two
possibilities
three I suppose but two likely number
one there are a thousand victims of of
sexual abuse and maybe every part of
that is true
and it wouldn't be wholly impossible
because there's such a track record of
things like this happening that on on
its surface
you'd say could be true now the odds of
all of it being false it's not
impossible my feeling my bias is that
there's something to it but somebody's
saying it's true dude yet my bias is the
same so my bias says probably with that
much smoke there's something to it but
the third possibility is that there's
something to it but that the whoever is
doing the interviews are leading the
witnesses so don't assume that the
story's the most spectacular stories you
hear about that are true somebody just
said that
Brennan tweeted we're gonna have to see
that okay here we go
I'm John Brennan six minutes ago he said
talking about him losing his security
clearance on the president's decision
Brennan says this action is part of a
broader effort by mr. Trump to suppress
of freedom of speech and punish critics
it should gravely worry all Americans
including intelligence professionals
about the cost of speaking out my
principles are worth far more than
clearances I will not relent now notice
how he is trying to make it a free
speech story he is making you think past
the sale the sale is can he be trusted
that that's what the sale is right and
he's making you think past it too well
obviously I could be trusted let's talk
about the president denying my freedom
of speech and my perfectly good thoughts
that I say on TV
and I'm trying to think does losing his
security clearance at this point make
any difference to him I don't really
understand what kind of difference that
would make the only thing he could do
with it that I could think of would be
bad stuff you know let's say for example
if John Brennan had secret sources in
the government who could still tell him
stuff if he had security clearance
but then could not tell him stuff once
he loses it I'm not sure if that's real
because just having security clearance
is different from people being allowed
to talk to you those are slightly
different decisions well I can't think
of anything he could use that security
clearance for while he doesn't have a
government intelligence job is there
what did he lose by any of this so if he
lost nothing did the president really
shut him down oh actually there is an
argument that he might shut down people
were still working for the government so
I guess I guess he has an argument that
it probably has little to do with what
Brennan does but it might have a
chilling effect on other people in the
future so I think that's a good point
but in order for that to be a good point
you have to think pass the sale because
if Brennan is a bad actor than taking
away a security clearance is nothing but
a good decision and good decisions
should not be anything that affects you
know the ability of other people to have
free speech he has an NDA Brennan is
trusted more than Trump somebody says
that is not true well it might be true
if you did a poll but I think it's it
would be more clear to say that Trump
supporters trust Trump and anti choppers
trust Brennan but there has nothing to
do with either one of them be
trustworthy bigger question why did
Trump bother well you must have missed
the insightful first part of my part my
periscope where I talked about that
spied and lied yeah somebody says the
spied and lied Rand Paul says he
monetized his his security clearance I
don't know what that means because it
seems to me the CNN would still hire him
with or without security clearance if he
doesn't need his security clearance to
do his CNN job what difference does it
make how is he monetizing it the the
only way you could monetize it is by
selling secrets right so that's a that's
a pretty big complaint alright I think
that we did a nd here I just wanted to
get on and talk about the the breaking
news and the main points again for those
Justin coming late are that if the
president doesn't trust Brennan that's
the beginning and the end of the story
he doesn't need to consult with anybody
it's the president his decision he has
to trust him period doesn't trust him it
was his decision there's nothing else to
say he cleverly branded the the
so-called alleged deep state and caused
and causes political critics to
continually brand them as we go forward
because now they'll be talking about
them as a group his decision was just
wrong enough that it draws your
attention you can't look away it drove a
Barroso off the the top level you know
she's been pushed down a rung or two and
if it puts all of president's critics
who are up for having their security
clearance taken away it puts them on the
defensive because they might need to
explain at some point why they should
keep their security clearance and they
might want to well let me let me put it
in the press's terms
John Brennan can you guarantee you to us
that we will never find evidence that
you did something that would be bad for
your security clearance now that's not a
good example because that's asking John
Brennan himself how about this you say -
clapper clapper
can you can you clapper guarantee us
that there will never be anything that
comes out about John Brennan that would
validate him losing his security
clearance that's the question I want to
say don't ask the person because that
person you ask can say for sure whether
there's a tape or whether they've done
something wrong that person can answer
but nobody else can answer for whether
something's impossible for another
person I really can't do that
so ask clapper if he can guarantee
nothing will ever come out about Brennan
see what he says all right we've had our
fun for today and I will talk to you all
later