[Music]
well we're going to have an amazing show
today special guests coming on in a
moment tell you about that but let me
call up
my comments here on the special locals
subscribers there we go
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and today
if you'd like to take your experience up
to levels that nobody can even
understand with their tiny shiny human
brains all you need for that is a cup or
mug or glass a tank or chel Sy a Cen
jger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparallel
pleasure the dopamine h of the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it's
going to happen now damn it
Go
Divine so so good well today I have a
special guest I'm going to bring on
author Joel Pollock who's got a new book
called the agenda what Trump should do
in his first 100 days and if my
technology works the way I know it
will there you are Joel good morning
good
morning
wait we don't have sound did you turn
off your sound no I'm still here
hopefully you
can problem was my on my end as usual
well good morning it's great to see you
good morning from Chicago Illinois
usually in LA but I'm here covering the
Democratic National Convention so have
you run into any protesters who
threatened your life
yet no but they tried to block me from
walking down the street at one point and
I just told them not to do that and
they're not a particularly intimidating
Bunch so
[Laughter]
they that that's the best Riot story
I've heard it's like you can't go here
no I think I will go here well okay
yeah I was doing a live stream and one
of the guys in the yellow jerseys who
was from the protesters was wearing an
outfit I didn't really want to do this
and I don't like to make fun of people's
appearance but I just panned the camera
down because he was wearing these rolled
up jean shorts and these loafers without
socks so he had these like very thin
legs and I just thought you know people
need to see exactly what's going on here
this is not exactly the Chicago Bears
defensive line
yes if things if things turn dark it'll
it'll it'll end soon hey let's talk
about your book uh let do do you have an
image your book it's so brand new it
just came out today that I there it is
it's called the agenda what Trump should
do in his first 100 days now my audience
knows that I don't normally have a guest
unless it's something pretty pretty uh
interesting it's special to me so I got
to uh you let me look at the book ahead
of time before publication
is one of the few books that actually
has impressed
me and and it's because I got a feeling
from it like I got a feeling of optimism
in politics that I have not
experienced really in a long time maybe
since 2016 or something and uh so so
your book if I can describe it is 200
suggestions of what Trump could do in
his first 100 days and that would
include executive orders and and other
things that a president can do
yes and you know you're feeling a sense
of optimism partly because I'm
reflecting your optimism you've inspired
me in so many ways including in writing
this book so I'll tell you the story of
how this book came about but you'll
really see that I'm applying the Scott
Adams approach to life here so I was
watching Trump get convicted in New York
and like a lot of people not just Trump
supporters I was frustrated I was angry
I hung my flag upside down outside my
house for a few weeks and I made some
nasty social media posts and I still
felt angry and I thought you know this
is not the way I like to live and
certainly in the decade almost now that
I've been watching you I've learned you
don't have to live that way you can
actually get into the interface for
reality and think about a more positive
direction so I thought okay let me do
something positive let me think about
what happens if Trump wins what happens
if he overcomes all these prosecutions
and the media bias and everything what
does that feel like so I fast forwarded
in my mind to January 20th 2025
imagining that Trump had won the
election what next and then I realized
he had to come in with a very strong
agenda of things he could do right away
because the media narrative would shift
from the election and the transition and
it would just be on day one Trump's a
lame duck he can't run for reelection
let's talk about the candidates for 2028
it would be Gavin Newsome for four years
and they would drown out Trump so he had
to come in with something really big and
a list of things he could do right away
and get them all done as soon as
possible without waiting for congress
without waiting for Democrats and
Republicans to figure themselves out so
I wrote the book that way and I go issue
by issue Point by point with suggestions
and ideas and I think you feel
optimistic when you read it because I
felt optimistic when I wrote it it
really pulled me out of the morass of
the polls and the court cases and it
just painted a picture of the future and
think the future is very bright
potentially so that's why I wrote the
agenda yeah you had it sounds like you
had an experience that I have every now
and then where I remember I'm an adult
you
know you you grow up in the country and
you think you're just an observer right
you're taught you can't do much but then
you look around you go wait a minute
I've got a podcast you've got a big
platform at breit Bart and you're an
author you can actually change things so
so you write this book I I I I read it
and uh I'd love for you to give some
some examples things that Trump could do
without getting too much approval from
other people that would just be common
sensical I mean that's what I that's
what I reacted to is like my God these
are all just common sense can you give
us some examples for the audience yes
well some of them are simply reversing
bad things that Biden has done Biden
came in and reversed a lot of Trump's
policies on immigration for example so
Trump can immediately restore the border
wall project he can restore rain in
Mexico and those policies will
immediately tighten the border and have
a huge impact but he can do also other
things as well he can for example he can
suspend student visas from China because
of the fenel problem he can say to China
and you've said this many times hey if
you're not going to stop producing
fentanyl we're not going to let Chinese
students study in the United States
anymore Donald Trump can do that himself
he doesn't need Congress to do that he
can stop that right away and there are
so many other examples of things he can
do one thing I think he should do that I
know you've also mentioned is release
all of the non-violent January 6th
protesters you know we have political
prisoners in this country and it's not
just about Republicans and about January
6 it's about the rule of law people have
lost confidence in the impartiality of
the Department of Justice and the
justice system in general and you need
to restore that the other suggestion is
you've got to punish people who did
things that were wrong who have
oops we lost our sound for a moment go
sound how did we lose
sound oops I just lost the signal looks
like it might be a WiFi problem maybe on
Joel's end no I'm I'm here I'm good oh
no I got you back all right
continue oh I lost you again so I'm
losing the signal not just the audio so
you're you're freezing yeah so I was
just H I think we we may have a uh we
may have a bad Hotel Wi-Fi issue
here I'm here if you can if you can see
me and hear me uh I can yeah I can
intermittently but okay well let's let's
keep going and see how how we go ahead
so one of the other things Trump needs
to do is punish people who've broken the
law and one of the suggestions that
Steve Bannon in particular liked he
wrote the forward for the book I didn't
ask him to he simply did it it was the
last thing he wrote before he went to
prison but one of the suggestions is to
revoke the security clearance of all 51
of the National Security officials who
signed that letter saying that the
hunter Biden laptop was Russian
disinformation I mean they've abused the
public so that's just some of them but
there are over 200 suggestions in the
book now uh give me give me some that
are maybe not as obvious us as you know
we would have guessed something about
immigration and and rule of law what
what are some things that maybe people
didn't see coming that you just thought
were a good idea well you've advocated
for this and this is in the book develop
a national bicycle trail and this is a
section about the environment you know
there are things Trump can do to restore
a sense of national unity and the
environment and national parks are part
of that and you don't need to extend
Federal authority over more p P of land
but you can take existing rights of way
and connect them and create a national
bicycle trail that becomes like the
appalation trail for bicycles that
people visit they can Hop On Hop off
they don't have to do it Coast to Coast
or they could they could take a week or
two and just go from one side of the
country to the other and again it's not
just about Recreation it's also about
National Unity so there are things that
he can do and there's funding to do it
in the national parks budget and so
forth he could
go ahead yeah there there's there is a
national uh bicycle trail project that
is uh TR transitioning a railroad you
know abandoned railroads into and other
things into bicycle trails but it would
it would be one Trail across sort of the
maybe the top third of the country from
east to west but it wouldn't be a
complete Trail to get all the cool
places another thing he could do you
know President Biden has played around
with student loans a lot to try to
forgive as many student loans as
possible so he's shown actually that the
president has executive authority to
redesign student loans well I think
Trump should redesign student loans so
that the universities are on the hook
right now it's just the federal taxpayer
and the borrowers and the universities
are raising the tuition prices and
turning out graduates who don't have any
marketable skills Trump can redesign the
loans and say okay the universities are
on the hook if the student goes into
default all of a sudden you're going to
turn out more Engineers you know you're
gonna have fewer queer studies majors
and you're G to have people who can
build things and who can learn things
and that makes sure that we don't have a
massive student loan default again Trump
can do that on his own now I like that
but does that get the government into
the free market
business well it's in the business
already I mean so much of our student
loan Market has already been taken over
Obama basically took over the federal
student loan Market I'm just saying as
long as long as the government's issuing
these loans they should make the
universities the guarantors of the loans
so that the universities have an
investment in the students actually
being employable after college yeah bank
sence I mean they have the upside
they're getting the revenue from the
right the student so they should take
some risk all right so is there a few
others that you want to mention that
would be nonobvious to
us well I think that Federal Regulations
need to change to allow households to
make money from power generation you
know when they started solar energy in
California and other places you could
get money back if you put solar cells in
solar panels and fed back into the grid
there are still places where they do
that but in California they canceled
that because the large utilities were
spending all this money to develop these
big solar farms and they wanted to
recoup the investment so there wasn't
this expansion of solar energy anymore
at the household level because you
couldn't make money they should change
Federal Regulations so that people can
make money by generating energy I mean
if want social solar energy to expand
just do that so yeah yeah the the that
was the thing that really struck me when
I was looking at your book is that so
many of the ideas were just they just
sit there like well this is so obvious
why weren't we doing this before and
there you know I'm sure you would
acknowledge there might be some
counterarguments to them but Ju Just
Having 200 really good ideas is just so
exciting to me you know you know if if
20 of these got implemented you would
really be excited as as a citizen now I
didn't include all the ideas that I
could have thought of you know there are
some ideas that I like that I know Trump
doesn't like I'm in favor for example of
banning Tik Tok I think you can do it
consistent with the First Amendment
because it's not about Free Speech it's
about National Security but Trump has
already said he's not going to ban Tik
Tok so I didn't put that in there
because I wanted this list to be
practical I wanted it to be real so I
didn't put that in there but this is not
just a list of ideas it really is a
program that Trump could Implement and
that's because I want people to be able
to Envision what the future looks like
if he wins again I'm not a member of the
Trump campaign and I I actually think
that even if Trump loses the country's
going to be in a bad place but it's not
lost I mean as we've learned from
California none of the ideas that the
Democrats are proposing actually work so
it's almost like you have two ways to
win Trump wins and you have this great
future or kamla Harris wins and we get
to laugh for four years as price
controls fail and you know it's going to
be bad for the country but I think that
there needs to be just a sense of
optimism Trump is getting better at it
I've seen him improve over the last few
days but what he's got to do is convince
his own voters that voting for him means
something positive that they don't have
to worry about the polls so much that
they just have to stick with him and
that they can actually overcome all the
obstacles the vote by mail and
everything like that you know we like to
joke about a margin of fraud which is
the margin you actually have to win by
because of the fraud inherent in the
system that Democrats are running I
think he can beat the margin of fraud if
he has enough enthusiasm so he's got to
inspire his own voters to believe that
he can win and I think this book the
agenda can be part of that and
importantly people are going to and this
is not your fault of course they're
going to say hm how does this relate to
that project 2025 which was nothing but
bad news for Trump because he always had
to explain why that wasn't his ideas now
yours clearly are your ideas the these
These are and you've tried to make them
not provocative in terms of Trump World
so so there wouldn't be as much gap
between Trump and your ideas I'm
guessing than there would be between
2025 in his ideas well also project 2025
was written kind of as a conservative
wish list you know if we controlled
Congress forever and if our
Congressional leaders actually
cooperated with each other and with
Trump this is what we could do oh and
also if we had the right people
appointed in the right places so it's
kind of like a utopian vision of what a
conservative future would look like I
liken it to the phone book you know we
don't use phone books anymore but those
of us over a certain age will remember
if you wanted to find a number there was
this thousand page Tome that you would
keep under your desk and you would open
it up and leaf through it and find a
page and find the number that's kind of
what project 2025 is it's like a giant
phone book where some government
official in a trump Administration would
forget about what policy they were
supposed to have on a particular issue
and then they'd kind of leaf through it
it's 922 pages long I guarantee you
nobody has actually read it not even the
people who wrote it there were like a
hundred authors so that's kind of what
it is but I didn't even know about
project 2025 when I wrote the agenda
nobody heard about it until late June
really and I just wrote this list of
ideas and suggestions that Trump could
Implement on his own without waiting for
the politics without waiting for the
media for the filibuster for whatever
these are things he can do within his
constitutional Authority and I felt
liberated by writing it I know you
enjoyed reading it I've had a lot of
people have the same reaction that they
felt it was really a fun read and that's
unusual for a policy book people
actually enjoy reading
yes that that was the thing that
surprised me the most was that I
couldn't put it down like like at every
page was like wow that's a good idea wow
that's a good idea I loved it so um uh I
will uh let you get back to your day but
uh it's available now on Amazon and I
assume wherever books are sold it's I I
want to just say one thing Scott and
that is to thank you and I know that the
people watching agree but you've really
changed my approach to writing and to
politics and life in general and you
know I was living in California nice
family great job things were pretty good
but when I started tuning into you and
learning about how you approach the
world it made things so much better I
found myself so much less frustrated by
everyday problems the idea that there's
kind of a user interface for reality
that we can be the authors of our own
experience that changed the way I think
about everything and so that's why when
I was feeling miserable about Trump
being convicted which is really a
terrible thing to happen in a democracy
I said well okay he's going to have a
mandate for radical changes when he gets
into office because of this terrible
thing that's happened look on the bright
side and that's often what we get as
viewers when we come to your show every
day is we get unexpected analysis of
what's happened in the news you often
take a point of view that's different
than the standard conservative view for
example or standard you're not a
conservative but standard view of
someone who likes Trump or is partial to
Trump and you also just say look there's
positive energy in some negative events
sometimes and I think that's what
enabled me to write this if I hadn't
watched you for eight years I turned
this book around in 10 days you know
they they were the Publishers were they
said if you want to get this out before
the election you have to do it by June
11th and I started writing on June the
1 you know it's not unless you've got
that Scott Adams energy I mean honestly
it's so so I want to thank you for the
opportunity to talk about the book but
also just thank you for everything you
do for your viewers and for the country
because I really do think you've cracked
the code about how to live a happier
life well thank you for that
uh I don't know to say about that that's
a lot but thank you very much Joel U so
the book is the agenda what Trump should
do in his first 100 days Joel Pollock
it's available on Amazon and it's great
you should get a copy thanks Joel thanks
so much Scott all right take
care all right it's back to
me want to talk about some uh news and
politics and
stuff and now suddenly it just seems so
lonely it's you know
it feels so different when when it's
just me all of a
sudden all right so here's some things
uh in the news uh there's a study that
says that people who smoke a lot of
marijuana are less
obese so there's a high correlation
according to a study if studies were
real and if you believ them and if they
were better than a coin flip and if
anybody really thought that there was no
money involved with the people who did
the study and if you were in to believe
everything you see in the news you would
say to yourself wow Smoky weed might
make you
thinner first of all we don't know if
the data is true because remember all
data about everything important is fake
but here's why it might be true um I've
told you this uh this idea
before that I I believe humans require a
minimum amount of pleasure or else
they'll just they can't go on you we're
we're sort of dopamine fiends we got to
get and I use dopamine for any source of
pleasure but we uh we need
pleasure so I'm not surprised that if
somebody finds pleasure in one way let's
say marijuana legally we're talking
about
adults um that they might need to seek a
little less pleasure in another way
which is delicious food now that's
that's kind of my
experience that if I have one kind of
pleasure in any domain it's like a
really good pleasure I I don't feel the
need to go chase another pleasure
because I got some so it might be true
it might be true that if you're getting
your pleasure one way you don't need
another this is why I don't judge people
who are drug
addicts partly because I don't believe
in free will but partly because I think
that if you don't have access to some
other
pleasure you're going to get get it any
way you can and I don't judge that
because I think that's everybody and the
people who are judgy maybe they do have
easier access to regular pleasure and
somebody else doesn't but everybody's
going to get it you're going to get your
minimum pleasure per day or die drying
we're just built that
way well Star Wars has cancelled uh
future plans for the acolyte after one
season so that was there uh some say
extremely gay version of Star Wars which
by the way the creator of it say the
creator of it says yeah it was intended
to be a little extra gay um but I don't
know if it was the extra gayness or just
being bad but uh it was roundly
criticized and I guess it's going away
meanwhile over at Harley-Davidson you've
heard this story but here's the update
they had apparently a pretty aggressive
Dei o culture there that the new CEO had
brought in and uh that got a lot of
external pressure from customers and um
Robbie Starbuck in particular was making
a public social media example of them as
somebody who had gone too far in their
wokeness but Harley-Davidson has
apparently reversed all of
it so and Robbie Starbuck gets the the
win on this I think this would be his
second in a row uh very similar to John
Deere tractor so in both cases Starbuck
uh went after that's a person Robbie
Starbuck um went after both of them on
social media simply to explain people
what was going on so it's not like he
was a Critic per se he just shined a
spotlight on the thing and and they died
so so both John Deer and Harley-Davidson
completely folded on all their extra Dei
wokeness stuff as soon as the public got
a good look at it just think about that
as soon as the public got a good look at
it they had to completely just get rid
of it so that should tell you
something but they have and so I'm going
to join with uh others who have said uh
this would not be the time to criticize
Harley-Davidson Great American company
maybe they did some things you don't
like maybe they corrected it what do I
tell you about how to judge people
well if you don't remember I don't judge
people by doing something I didn't like
which you might call a mistake I judge
them by did they correct it you know
once they realized that they messed up
did they fix it yes yes they did they
fixed it well you know if you believe
their statements as of now they got rid
of their Dei they're just going to
concentrate on you know good quality
employees and making a good product and
they're just readjusting their point of
view to me that's a 100% honorable move
uh we do not expect people to be
Flawless we do not expect them to agree
with us we do not expect them to never
make a mistake that's unreasonable I do
expect that once they realized that they
had a misstep if you could call it that
that they acted in the way that a
sensible
realistic person who wants to make the
world a better place would act and they
did so John
Deere thumbs
up Harley-Davidson thumbs up if you're
thinking about getting the bike I
recommend
them Alex baronson you know Alex
baronson from the uh Co days he was very
influential in that World um had I think
he was writer at the New York Times at
one point now independent I think but
anyway he uh noted that I and others
have been talking about kamla Harris
looking like she's obviously
inebriated and he uh he said this he
said the quote comma is drunk thing is
the latest sign that the right has lost
its mind he said look I get it the media
gaset all of us about Joe Biden's
obvious cognitive
decline but that doesn't mean making up
stuff about KL Harris will work it makes
you look crazy and mean now I was uh I
was named in the post that he was
reposting so I thought H maybe I need to
respond to this which I
did so here's my
take four or five years ago I said Joe
Biden has obviously got dementia and
it's not going to get any better don't
you all see it and some of people on the
right said yeah we see it but generally
speaking the public did not now was I
right about that yes I was 100% % right
and I saw it before most of the public
saw it why well I'm not entirely sure
but if I had to guess I might be a
little bit better at detecting things in
people's personal actions because you
know there there's a wide wide range of
how good people are at this you know can
you read people's faces you know can you
Intuit it what's going on if you're
let's say if you have Asbergers for
example Le you wouldn't be as good as it
you know you would have other skills but
maybe not that
so what it feels like based on a
lifetime of experience is that I'm kind
of good at
it and uh it's been my my observation
about K Harris being what I think is
obviously inebriated in a number of
videos where she's operating in an
official
capacity I've had lots of other people
who I would consider experts in that
domain weigh in so people who have
worked in rehab people have themselves
been addicts people who are police
officers who have dealt with hundreds of
inebriated people and two a person every
one of them says yeah that's that's
obviously inebriated the only
conversation is what is the source of
the
inebriation but I haven't seen anybody
who looked at the videos that I've
looked at who said no in that video
she's just being
joyous no no no you're I think you're
over interpreting this Scott in that
video she's just being silly having a
good time not a single person now I am a
little bit
siloed you know in my social media
experience so I don't get all of the
Democrat opinions but I don't know how
much more obvious it could
be it's not really hard to pick out a
drunk that that's not a hard thing now I
said that about dementia too you know
when I was picking it out I I felt like
the little boy crying wolf or something
you know don't you see this like
everybody everybody you can't see this
you know back in 2019 I'm saying it and
sure
enough apparently people didn't see
it but they learned to see it so um I
had to point back that uh I'm not making
a claim of fact I'm making a claim of
observation my observation is that she
looks drunk to me if you don't think
that's important I think you're missing
something
important which is it might not be
important if she were just some
citizen but this is somebody who's
running to have their finger on the
button and in her official capacity
looks
inebriated I don't know if she is so is
it is it inappropriate to say how
somebody's Vibe is not in politics it's
the one place where talking about
somebody's Vibe and how you suspect they
are really matters I mean it's the the
main complaint about Trump is that the
people who don't like him get a vibe
from him it's not about what he has done
it's about what they suspect based on
their Vibe he might do now I think that
they're bad at judging
character and you know there's a lot of
brainwash Wasing going on so I don't
think they're right about Trump but it's
certainly part of the conversation I
would never deny that if half of the
country thinks he looks sketchy to them
that that doesn't matter to
voting of course it does the feeling you
get from the candidate is very very
important maybe more important than
their policies in the real world same
thing with Tim
wals I don't have any proof that he's
done anything you know onto hard or
illegal or inappropriate in any way in
any way I don't have any any proof of
that
whatsoever but there is a certain Vibe
and I think the Democrats are saying
some similar thing about JD
Vance so The Vibes matter yeah how they
present
themselves does affect your vote well
Newsweek I wanted to weigh in this and
it said that uh as D here's the Newsweek
take on this story
as Donald Trump grapples to combat The
Surge of support for KL Harris all right
first sentence is in the bag for Harris
with a barrage of personal attacks okay
s second part of that is in the bag for
KL Harris against her his campaign team
appears to be rolling on a new line This
Week by alleging that his Democratic
rival has a quote drinking
problem then they go on talking about
one of the campaign people mentioned
that she might have a drinking problem
Etc and then it closed by saying that
there's no evidence of this drinking
problem
wait the entire point of the drinking
problem claim is that there are at least
half a dozen videos that clearly show in
my opinion her looking inebriated in
public during the course of her official
duties did Newsweek not know that that's
what we were looking at because most of
them were being forwarded around like
crazy they're all viral so when they say
there's no
evidence don't you think that they
should have let you figure that out on
your own how about here are links to six
videos that people say proves or is
evidence that she's
Nuri judge for yourself no they not only
don't show you the links to the evidence
they tell you there is
none what do you mean there is none
if if you see a drunk stumbling in the
streets are you going to say well
there's no evidence that that person
who's stumbling and okay they just fell
in the bush okay they got a bottle in
their hand but there's no evidence they
drank the bottle yeah it's half empty
and it's in their hand and they're
stumbling and they fell in a bush but I
don't see any proof that that person's
an alcoholic or that there's any
drinking going on there at
all so I thought that was pretty funny
of news week no
evidence um we we'll talk about the uh
the DNC in a a
second so I have to just reiterate the
Mike Ben's view about the 2020 BLM riots
did you know that the CIA has released
documents they show uh the technique
used by our C CIA to destabilize and
take over other countries and what it
involved is you know bribing or getting
control of leaders of
movements that could start trouble on
the streets such as black lives matter
and that it's a normal repeated process
it's their most normal process to bribe
the leaders of movements so you can put
muscle on the street opposing whoever's
in charge of that other
country so that it's easier to take them
down so it's basically a coup process
so did you know that John podesta and I
think I think there was at least one CIA
asset maybe more uh that they ran before
Trump got elected the first time they
had a big meeting in which they did uh
War gaming of what would happen if Trump
you know lost or he won barely and then
what would what would happen if he just
unambiguously won and they actually War
gamed how to take him man of office if
he won fairen
square and that's all documented we know
the people and we even know what their
what their uh their solution was and I
believe the solution was to create
unrest so exactly what the CIA does in
other countries they had already War
gamed that they would try to take out
president Trump if he got totally
legally elected they would use their
same technique they use externally
internally and then we watched it happen
you know why you're not seeing a lot of
black lives matter um protests anymore
when nothing changed not nothing they
asked for really
changed it's because it was
fake apparently it was the Democrats and
maybe the CIA who may have inspired
their Leaders with money or bribes or
whatever it took to get their people on
the
streets and you know you heard that
Soros was funding black lives matter
well I heard it from black lives matter
Soros would be allegedly the bank for
all those people you know the Atlantic
Council so if the the the the
intelligence and state department and
those people want something to happen
that requires money Soros has money so
they have some kind of a working
arrangement apparently now I don't know
the details and I'm just telling you
what it looks like and I'm telling you
what Mike Benz is explaining so look for
Mike Ben look for his videos on this
topic and you will find that apparently
fully disclosed fully documented no
secret documents right there's no
sketchy um evidence this is all well
confirmed published no controversy that
these things happened Etc and uh sure
enough then of course controlling the
media would be important to run a coup
in any country and uh do the bad guys
control the media in this
country well according to a newsbuster
study um Harris coverage on ABC CBS and
NBC has a 84% positive while Trump's
coverage on the same networks is 89%
negative does that sound to you like the
intelligence people in this country
control the
media well unless unless they are all
just automatically accidentally on the
same side yes but you don't know I don't
have any proof so everything I've talked
about I have no proof
for but the pattern recognition is
really high on this one it it does
look like uh people in this country
associated with our intelligence and you
know let's say the long-term uh managers
of the country
use the techniques they use to do coups
in other country against trump it looks
like everything from the legal the legal
lawfare stuff to the fake news to the
fake protests was all
Run for the purpose of a coup now I
can't say that that's 100% true I'm just
saying that it's hard to imagine what
the second explanation of it would be
let's put it that
way there's a whole bunch of stories
about elections
and all the states trying to shore up
the elections and there's always some
democrat who wants to stop them from
making the elections secure so that's
the big story and I feel like every day
there's another few of these stories
about some state that wanted to make
their elections secure but the Democrats
in the state didn't want to here's the
newest one so there's a group that wants
to challenge up to 364,000 voters in
Georgia meaning that there might be
364,000 V voters
364,000 who are not eligible to vote but
are on the voting uh the voting logs I
guess so those would be people who moved
or died or are not citizens I don't know
what the mix is but they'd like to
challenge them and then have them
removed from the voting roles but Cobb
County said that they would have to
charge any group that wanted them to do
that if you're saying to yourself oh
wait a minute isn't that their job to
make sure that you don't have fake names
on there yes it is cob County's job
already to make sure there are no fake
names they're being asked to do it and
they're saying we're going to charge you
$10 estimated per challenge per name so
that would be $10 for each of the
364,000 voters so if they want to
actually check to make sure that the
people listed as eligible for vote are
eligible to vote it would cost $3.6
million and of course it's the Democrats
who want to install that fee so it's
very
consistent um number one that the
Democrats say that it's Trump who is
trying to rig the elections or the
Republicans are trying to rig the
elections so that they suppress votes
but what they're trying to suppress is
the very obviously illegal votes
they are trying to suppress those but
the Democrats are so good at the
 that they'll just say no
they're trying to suppress all those
minority votes which nobody's trying to
do all right uh the uh let's talk about
the
DNC so you know that the uh the
Democrats are very welcoming to the
migrant
Community very welcoming uh um but also
you know you probably heard the story
that Planned Parenthood was going to
provide free vasectomies and abortion
pills during the
DNC um they didn't say that's only for
the white
Democrats but I I got that
feeling I feel like the Democrats want
to get rid of the residents of this
country whether they're white or black
or anything else um and uh they're
really very welcoming to the people who
weren't born
here we're illegally I like the people
who weren't born here who who are here
legally
um so anyway I I don't know there
there's a joke here about the Democrats
wanting to kill the people who are here
but uh let in the people who are not
legally here the consistency of this is
just very alarming you know what we'd
like of we'd like less of you citizens
we'd like lots of abortion and I'm not
not giving you any personal opinion on
abortion I'm just saying why is it that
everything that looks like creating less
Americans who were already here is
always popular with Democrats and
anything that brings in people who
weren't already here suddenly is very
popular like why is that where's that
even coming
from well anyway the Democrats tried to
screw Joe Biden by making him the last
or one of the late speakers at the event
on the first night um I think he was
there way past his bedtime but also way
past the time people would watch they're
obviously embarrassed to have him there
Nate silver says the media is very East
Coast focused talking about the you know
the uh timing of it and he said uh uh
you've got to be pretty naive to think
the prolonged DNC tonight is for any
reason other than diminishing Biden's
visibility in other words they made sure
that everything ran late so that when
talked nobody would be listening they'd
already be in
bed and that turned out to be probably a
good idea because Biden did the entire
dump of every debunked hoax he ever
talked about during his his life he
talked he spread the fine people hoax
again the most debunked hoax in American
history he did the there's going to be a
bloodbath if he isn't elected that of
course was a different context they took
out a context he they did the suck he
did the suckers and losers hoax of which
there's no evidence that that actually
is something he ever said nor nor would
Trump ever say something about the
military that they were suckers and
losers how did anybody ever belied that
he ever did that by the way Trump
himself was debunking that the other
day uh said Trump will not accept defeat
if he loses you know that's the whole
he's going to steal your democracy thing
crazy he said Trump tried to avoid
visiting us graves in Europe that's been
debunked that's a hoax then
representative Warick came out well
let's just finish with Biden so the
everybody I think had the same
impression I did that Biden was so angry
and dementia riddled he just had
dementia anger that it was hard to watch
because I just saw a crazy person who
shouldn't be talking in public but it
looked like old man yells at the sky cuz
he seemed angry at everything he said he
was even angry at his own
accomplishments so when he wasn't
complaining about Trump he was just as
angry when he would talk about what he
did he'd be like and and we did
this and it was just like old angry man
yelling at everything it was really
embarrassing he he should not be allowed
to speak in public I mean that was
really bad it's the worst I've seen I I
would say of public
speeches maybe of any
public uh political speech I've ever
heard that was probably the
worst would you disagree if anybody saw
it I think I think uh Biden's speech at
the DNC last night was the worst
political speech I've ever heard he
looked bad he looked scary he didn't
look in control he looked crazy and he
repeated every debunked hoax it couldn't
have been more
pathetic and honestly K Harris didn't
even look comfortable listening to it
but then represent representative warock
gets up and he starts telling the big
lie about January
6 uh which is that it was an
Insurrection uh he talks about all the
anti-democratic voter suppression laws
that the Republicans are passing no
these are laws to make sure that
non-citizens and and people who
shouldn't vote don't vote
um he said that Trump is a clear and
present danger which is you know only
weeks after an assassination attempt on
him which is probably one of the most
dangerous and irresponsible things a
elected politician could ever do sounds
like he's kind of asking for violence
against
me let me say that again when
representative warno says that Trump is
a clear and present danger and I I would
be identified as many of you you as a
supporter of trump that puts me in
physical
danger because he's basically saying
it's okay to kill these people now he
didn't say that you know I'm putting
words in his mouth but somebody's going
to hear it that way if somebody is a
clear and present danger to the entire
country that would include the
supporters as well as the person they
support what would you do to somebody
who's a clear and present danger let
them go on with their
business is how you handle a clear and
present danger uh carry on Free Speech
go
ahead I don't know it looks like a call
to violence to me because what are you
supposed to do about a clear and present
danger talk about
it I mean I think it's a call to action
not a call to talking but that's how I
take
it
um and then uh breitbart's factchecking
him uh Biden said he uh he was creating
hundreds of thousands of jobs in clean
energy for American workers including
the ibw installing half a million
charging
stations I think he's done
eight but the way he said it was
suggesting he's already done it but you
could also interpret it as suggesting
that the plan is that they will do it so
he was ambiguous about has it happened
or are they in process of trying to make
it happen but it did it did create the
the impression if you didn't know any
better that they'd already done it so I
think the fact check is correct in
claiming that's
false um so here's the fun part so I
just told you that the convention was
especially full of lies some of the
worst
lies in the history of Politics the fine
people lie uh or also uh Robert Garcia
he's another Democrat up and he said
that Trump told us to inject bleach into
our
bodies of course that never happened
either so now you've got everything from
the fine people hoax these I I mean
there's like half a dozen of the biggest
hoaxes in the world but fear not because
CNN brought their fact checker on after
after the Biden
speech and if the fact Checker comes on
and Biden is told the biggest Whoppers
ever
well you know he's going to dig in right
he's got a lot of Juicy material that
fine people hoax the drinking bleach I
mean lots of
stuff here's what Daniel Dale fact
checked you're not even going to
believe
this so after all of those
lies Daniel Dale
says uh there were certainly some false
or misleading claims there oh okay okay
maybe I was too too harsh on it
because he he's saying right right in
the front he goes there were certainly
some false or misleading claims all
right now we're getting into the good
stuff so what did he say about him he
says especially on the subject of the
economy huh well I just I just mentioned
a whole bunch of hoaxes but none of them
were about the
economy so it turns out that the things
that weren't
hoaxes were just
lies so the stuff about the economy
which I don't call hoaxes they're
they're just Flatout lies Daniel Dale
decides to fact check just the technical
problems with the Financial
claims and he
says
um he said that Biden said that we have
a thousand billionaires in America and
their average tax rate is
88.2% and uh he also said that we used
to import products and export jobs now
we export American products and create
American jobs right here in America so
Dale fact checks them on the tax rate of
billionaires saying that that's not true
for you know all billionaires it's every
situation is different
correct uh then he fact checked them on
the the ratio of imported versus
exported jobs and apparently that was
just a
lie so the two things that Joe Biden
said about
economics at least those two things
things were
lie um and then you know since that's
just the beginning and those are like
the warm-ups you know Daniel Dale is
going to go hard on this fine people
hoax and the drinking bleach and the
January 6 Insurrection and the you know
the the losers quote that's obviously so
so here's how that went Jake Tapper said
all right Daniel Dale thank you so
much and and we're
done are you
amazed that you can watch this happen
right in front of you the biggest lies
in the whole History of the
United States and he didn't even address
him he's the fact Checker didn't even
address him how embarrassing and
humiliating would it be to be Daniel
Dale
today he's either a
coward and doesn't want to lose his job
nobody wants to lose their job so he's
either a
coward or he's really incompetent at his
job and all the evidence so far suggests
that he does know how to do his job so
he must have management
advice that says he can't fact check the
big
ones do do you think he's doing it on
his own did he did he decide on his own
to leave the biggest lies in all of
American politics untouched as the fact
Checker the fact checker on CNN and he's
not going to touch the biggest hoaxes in
American history they were repeated in
public
again what is wrong with that
guy man I've never lost that much
respect for a human being so quickly I
really thought maybe he'd take a swing
at it not even didn't even
try then Hillary the horrible gets up
and I forgot how much I hated that woman
and I think a lot of it has to do with
her face matched with what she says
because she goes after Trump with
delight that he's been lawed into 34
felonies and of course her idiot
audience thinks that these are all
deserved you know Department of Justice
nobody's Above the Law kind of stuff
none of that's true these are all
 lawfare charges that wouldn't
have happened to anybody except Trump
and probably they'll all go away
eventually and she gets up there happy
as a little clam she can't get that
smile off her face oh my
God I hate her now if you think that
sounded sexist it wasn't meant to be
because I don't say that about you know
Democrat women who are just ordinary
people but she is a piece of work oh my
God I hate
her I hate her with just a
passion you know come Harris I don't
have any hatred for her at
all because she doesn't
project something that would trigger
that now I think she's lying I think
she's a drunk I think she's
incapable but so are a lot of
people you know that's not that unusual
but whatever Hillary Clinton's got going
on is a whole other level of evil I
don't feel the same about her that I do
about anybody else she's
she's a piece of work wow I am so glad
she never became president my God she's
evil you can just feel it you can just
feel the evil oh now again that's just
my impression you may have a
different all
right um but K Harris herself did appear
at the DNC and uh did she appear
inebriated no not at all not at all
which is more evidence that those other
videos are in fact inebriation why
because when she's not inebriated it's
really obvious she looks like everybody
else who's not inebriated she looks like
she's in
control her body looks normal her
mannerisms look normal and she looks
like a
leaderly you know
Persona
so the fact that she looked perfectly
fine and in control and dare I say
presidential doesn't change the fact
that those other videos really look
drunk so if there's some other
explanation for the videos that make her
look drunk I'm open to that if they're
fake videos I'd really like to know that
before I go too far so if somebody does
have any push back to that based on the
videos not just based on there's no
proof but based on the videos I'd like
to know I guess Comm Harris says has
declined the offer to do a debate of Fox
News with Trump so that may have more to
do with Fox News I don't know or may may
have to do with fewer debates is better
from her point of view but I would agree
that there's no reason for her to ever
do a debate and there's no reason for
her to ever talk to the Press because
apparently her her voters don't
care you don't really see a bunch of K
Harris supporters saying but you know
I'm not going to vote for her unless she
does a press interview none of
them and they're not wrong you know as
I've said before when Trump talks to the
Press we do say oh there's somebody who
can talk to the Press but when it's done
they take something you said that a
context and turn it into a hoax that's
where the fine people hoax came from it
came from talking to the Press that's
where the drinking bleach hoax came from
it came from talking to the Press
so talking to the Press is a
losing strategy for
everybody yeah you know I've told you
the story about Bloomberg back in um
2016 maybe they they sent a report
around to spend the day with
me and I don't know what I was thinking
like I don't know why I said yes to that
because I should have been smart enough
by then to know that it was going to be
a hitpiece and of course it was so even
for me talking to the press unless I'm
selling a book it's just a bad idea it
the Press is just so evil that spending
time with them is just a bad idea so
neither of the candidates should talk to
the press in my
opinion um Ron clean who is is he still
the uh is Ron clean still the uh chief
of staff for Biden or has he moved on
anyway doesn't matter but uh Steve hilon
news reporting in the New York Times had
a
story that uh Ron clean said that Camel
Harris failed as a vice president he
said quote we were all United behind the
idea she should be successful we just
didn't find a path to do
it so that that's like a a major part of
the Biden Administration saying they
wanted her to be successful as a vice
president but they couldn't figure out
how to help her and she was not
successful
that's from a Democrat and that wasn't
the headline of the report they included
it to their credit but they didn't
emphasize
it all right the DNC platform on the
website apparently mentions Biden's
second term 19 times but doesn't even
mention Comm Harris
once are they incompetent because they
have not updated their website to get
rid of the Biden second term stuff
especially by the DNC
the time of the DNC and to update it
with all of K Harris's
ideas well they're in a tough
spot so I put my dilbur filter on this
one and I say what would happen in a
dilber world in a Dilbert
World um since they don't know exactly
what the Kam Harris PL uh policies would
be
yet if they got rid of
Biden they would have nothing and that
would look even worse if they tried to
tweak Biden's and just put in her name
instead of his then it would be the
wrong policies because her policies may
have some nuances that has
didn't and if they're not done coming up
with her policies they can't just erase
everything that's there and put in all
of her new policies because that would
just create targets for somebody to
shoot at the longer she goes without
telling you any of her
policies the better she is you know when
she tried and said uh how about my
policy of uh price controls on
food she couldn't even get a Democrat
Economist to agree with it so I don't
think you need much more proof that the
less she tells the public about her
policies the better so instead of having
a blank which would raise questions they
just left the old Biden language up
there and then every reasonable person
says oh you know they'll they'll update
that later but they haven't gotten to
it as dumb as it sounds to not have her
named on the platform it actually was
the right play so I'm going to say it
again whoever is managing her campaign
right now it's just non-stop good
advice I hate to say it but it's
non-stop good advice so we'll see if
that
continues uh meanwhile there's a founder
of the uh there's a Harris super pack so
somebody who's big on getting money for
Harris who says that they have some
internal polls I guess the pack itself
has some internal polls and it says our
numbers are much less
Rosy than what we're seeing in the
public so if you do your own private
internal
polling apparently it says that KL
Harris is is losing
big but if you were instead to look at
the public polling it says the
opposite now uh rasmon has been on this
for a while because rasmon has
continuously shown that Trump had a
solid
lead and rasmuson kind of makes fun of
the other polls because they're so
obviously rigged what they do is they
just oversample
Democrats so instead of saying you know
they're whatever the number is 32%
Democrats so instead of saying 32% of
the people we talk to are Democrats they
would just have more of them and so if
they're more Democrats Harris gets more
votes in the
poll so it's apparently the polls are
rigged that obviously because even when
you read the poll you can tell you the
numbers of people who are who are ped
you just have to know to look for it so
the current polls are allegedly
completely fake
not rasmason but number of the others
are allegedly completely fake surprise
no there was a labor union boss who
talked at the DNC April
verett and you'd have to listen to this
to hear the worst voice you've ever
heard in your life I can't do an
impression of it but oh my God I hope
she doesn't have a husband unless the
husband is deaf you cannot listen to
that woman talk Ju Just the physical
sound of her voice I can't even do an
impression but oh my goodness it was
difficult to listen to wow anyway um she
said quote we are going to build a uh
younger darker hipper sneaker wearing
labor
movement what does she mean by
darker she means less white people right
how do you get fewer white people
well in the ideal World it happens on
its
own because you just you know hire the
best people you can and it then it
starts to look like the character of the
United States itself so that would be
good right if all you had to do was do a
really good job in making sure you got
the best candidates you would end up
with something that represented the
country say the people who believe that
works but those of us who have had uh
one minute of experience in the real
world know that what that means is
massive discrimination against white
people and you can say it out loud now
at a convention that you were going to
massively discriminate against white
employees now she didn't say that but in
the real world that's clearly what
happens when you set your sites on
getting a quote Browner labor
movement or darker she said
darker I don't know what else it could
mean anyway then my favorite guilty
pleasure is watching Morning Joe because
as I've said uh if you think about it
this way it's funnier so if you want to
enjoy watching Morning Joe imagine what
I said that every day it's like a
college essay where they have to write a
brand new essay that doesn't repeat
their last one that's yet another reason
that uh orange man is evil and Trump
should not be president so I got to
write a new one every
day um so here's what scar said about
the DNC he said Republicans saw what
they fear the most at the DNC last night
Joy now you tell me does that sound like
a real person's opinion or does that
sound like a college student who was
asked to write an essay and they had run
out of good ideas it's like well I'll
just say I'll read the minds of the of
the
Republicans and I'll find out that their
biggest fear is not nuclear war it's not
the end of
democracy it's
not any of those things their biggest
fear is that the DNC would have
joy how do you treat that as anything
but
humorous yeah where everybody's afraid
of that Joy
now presumably the we would be afraid of
Joy because it would C cause the
Democrats to win the
election I don't know that Joy has
anything to do with it really I mean I
get that enthusiasm is part of every
election but joy I don't know I don't
think so we'll
see but K Harris did did say she wants
to raise taxes on
corporations from 21% to 28
is that a good
idea probably
not how does this work if you raise
taxes they pay
fewer fewer dividends I know I'm not
sure you get your money back on that one
but as she would tell you that's a good
return on
investment so yesterday we found out
that that shooter the attempted
assassination guy Thomas Crooks was was
not shot first by the Secret Service
sniper he was shot first by the local
police
sniper uh or local police who saw him
and and took the first shot and the
first shot might have hit the gun and
disabled it but it was the Secret
Service who did the head
shot why did it take so long for us to
find that
out I can't even believe you know
certainly I always warn you about the
fog of War you know when the when the
story about the shooting in Butler
Pennsylvania first came out you know I
always do the beware all the early
stories are fake but we got weeks into
it weeks into it without finding out who
shot the shooter
first how in the world did we not know
that until now how in the world and I
guess the representative Kay Higgins dug
into it and he may have uncovered that
well Vladimir Putin continues to be a
clever bastard so he put on a notice to
the world that Russia will be a safe
haven for people trying to escape
Western liberal
ideals now if you separate the question
of whether that's a practical idea you
know is anybody going to actually move
to Russia to get extra Freedom maybe not
maybe not but is it smart for Putin to
make the offer yeah it
is I hate to say I I don't want to be I
don't want to sound pro Putin all right
so I'm not supporting Putin as a as a
leader I'm just saying that this was
damn clever it was damn clever to to put
this out there and um essentially paint
him as the protector of some kind of
ideals Prett pretty clever and he might
he might get some famous people you
could you could easily
imagine somebody in the UK being uh
given a jail term for free speech who
says to themselves uh okay I could
either go to jail or if I can somehow
stay you know released on bail or
whatever works in the UK I will escape
the country and go to Russia and you
know live out my days
there might be somebody who takes him up
on that I don't know if it's a good idea
I mean I wouldn't do it personally but
uh it's a hell of a smart thing for him
to offer that it just made me laugh it's
so funny all right meanwhile the Israeli
military says it recovered uh six bodies
in a Gaza operation uh no mention of how
or when they
died uh any
questions they got six IES of hostages
from Gaza but no mention of when they
died or
how well here's what I
think I don't think that they
necessarily dug up six
Graves it feels to me like the most
likely situation is that they died
during the operation to to release
them um there's no direct evidence of
that but the way the story is written
it's written to avoid the question of
how and when they died
so even the news is acting incurious
about that question no all we know is uh
there was six uh hostages were dead it's
a tragedy of course I don't want to I
don't want to you know get past the
tragedy of six human beings first of all
captive you may be tortured and now dead
it doesn't get much worse than that
but what is the news trying to do with
this is the news really just working for
Israel at this point and by the way I
would not blame Israel if they did an
operation to release the um hostages and
it didn't work out I wouldn't blame them
it's War stuff doesn't work out if they
thought that was their best shot and not
releasing him was worse and not trying
to get him was
worse things don't always work out you
know war is not a clean business so I
wouldn't give them even the slightest
bit of um
criticism if what they did is tried to
release them militarily and it ended up
in their deaths that's terrible and it's
tragic but it's not to be ashamed of you
know there there may be some details
that maybe they wouldn't want you to
know if if something just went wrong but
uh if they did a if they made a a solid
good attempt and it just didn't work out
resulting in the tragic
deaths I feel like the news should at
least report that or at least they
should act like they're curious why they
don't know how and when they
died uh because I feel like if they had
died a while ago Israel would say that
we recover the you know badly decomposed
bodies of some hostages who had died we
don't know how long
ago so the lack of saying something like
that tells you something
um allegedly according to the sun of
publication uh there's some kind of
breakthrough in the Gaza War
negotiations and uh Netanyahu has has
quote accepted the framework of a
ceasefire deal to stop the Gaza War so
this was last night's news now do you
believe that here's my take on that you
can easily get one side to agree to a
ceasefire
the magic is getting two sides to agree
all you have to do to get one side to
agree is say well suppose it was you
getting everything you wanted all right
I agree and then but you have to talk to
the other side so to me this this news
looks like complete I don't
think they're close to any kind of
anything and and even if they do
something that looks like a deal it's
going to be a fake you know if Israel
says oh we're going to uh remove our
military well if they get their hostages
back you think the military will stay
removed if all they wanted was their
hostages you know I think all it would
take is for them to see some provocation
and say well we intended to stay out but
look at this new provocation so we had
to go back
in
um anyway I don't expect anything good
to come out of that anytime
soon did you wondered why laws are
written in an incomprehensible
style you know contracts are always
written in this legal Goble book well
MIT did a study to try to figure out why
that
was and you know what I'm going to
say um you didn't really need to do that
study you could have just asked me
because I can tell you with complete
Authority and certainty why legal
contracts are written in weird weird
jargon that even lawyers have trouble
reading are you ready number one
sometimes the language is uh overly
complicated to make sure they don't
leave something
out but you could probably accomplish
that with ordinary language as well so
that's not the top thing the top thing
is that you're not going to pay your
lawyer to write something you could have
written
yourself you're not going to pay your
lawyer to write something you would have
written yourself and then when you need
to revise a contract you don't need to
call a lawyer because it's just written
in plain English so you go oh all right
we'll just get rid of this sentence and
we'll add this sentence are you good
yeah I'm good but because you can't do
that laws you know contracts are written
so that things refer to other things and
things have contingencies and they're so
complicated that you would need a lawyer
to know that any negotiate change won't
have more impact than you hoped it
would but the most important part is to
make everybody sound smarter than they
are it's the same thing in business so
this is why the
uh this
is the this is why the dilber filter
works so well in business people use
lots of extra jargon to sound like they
are
smarter and it's that's the reason
people want to appear smart and if
you're a lawyer you want to get paid so
you want to be smart and also get paid
so you use this weird imp penish legal
language so everybody thinks well I
couldn't have done that myself I I
certainly need to pay you thousands of
dollars because there's no way I could
have written this
thing but what you didn't know is you
could you could have just written it
probably would have been fine so
something I used to do with my my first
lawyer during my years of Dilbert
contract negotiating I was always doing
contracts you know being a cartoonist is
so contract intensive is crazy every
licensing deal every publishing deal
they're all contracts so um but then
there would be smaller deals such as me
hiring uh hiring an assistant at one
point and we had I had a contract so
what I found with my lawyer is I would
just write it in my own English and I
would give it to him so that he'd know
what it what I wanted in my contract and
then he would rewrite it into weird
legal ease and then I would say that's
terrific do you mind if I use my version
because yours is all complicated for no
reason and he would say
well yeah you could do that and then I
would say well what would be the
downside of doing that you know wouldn't
it be better to have that the one that's
in plain English that both parties know
exactly what they're
doing well you can do that if you want
to there's no real downside to
that so it took a while but my lawyer
was kind of awesome and he did allow me
to write things in plain English and
then he made he made sure there's no
mistake or something left out um and
then he would often do his own work far
more far more closely aligned with
ordinary language than normal so you can
get that done you can write things in
your own language and ask your lawyer
what did I leave out and that works
pretty well all right ladies and
gentlemen we've gone on way too long
well not too long uh thanks for
joining um I'm going to say some words
privately to the local subscribers so
goodbye to the people on X and
YouTube um and Rumble and uh locals
people I'm com at
you local supporters
only
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e