[Music]
where am
I I should be appearing on my own
podcast
here how can you see me but I can't see
myself there I
am takes a minute
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
pretty sure there's never been a finer
time in your life if you'd like to take
this up to levels that nobody can
understand with their tiny smooth human
brains all you need is a CER muger glass
of tanker shell orstein a Canen Jugger
flask of vessel of I fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure it's
a dop am the end of the day day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous siping happens
now
go I'd like to see Joe Biden do
that you know
do that sort of
thing well you might be aware that there
was yet another whistleblower that came
forward for Boeing
with more complaints about cutting
Corners to increase profits and
retaliating against employees who spoke
up and that sort of thing and if you're
wondering
Scott how can you watch these events in
the news about
boing without creating a biting and
sarcastic comic strip about it well I
can't so in fact Dilbert's company will
be making
airplanes and it's not going to go well
there might be a
whistleblower that's all I'm saying but
you'd have to be subscribing to the new
dilber comic either on the xplatform see
my profile or on locals at Scott adams.
locals.com in order to see
it well there's an incoming Florida
freshman uh he's a
freshman um in college basketball who uh
looks to be about 7
fo9 uh Olivier ru
and uh he can basically dunk by standing
on his
tiptoes so I saw a clip of the game and
uh if you'd like to see my impression of
the entire basketball game it looks like
this tall guy stands under his
basket uh teammates throw him the ball
he catches it two feet above the highest
leaping ability of his of his
competitors and then he turns around and
he drops it directly into the hoop it's
called
Sports now I remember when Sports would
include at least a little element of I
wonder who's going to
win but he seems to have removed the
whole I wonder who's going to win
element from the
game
now I know you're get to your brain is
automatically thinking of you know trans
related stories CU sort of just
reminding you in a weird way of Miss
matches and I say this all the time the
the the males who are playing against
the 7 foot n
monster it's like they're a different
species why is it okay for a 5 fo8
player to play against a 7 foot n player
in a basketball game where being tall is
like one of the main
requirements they should have a under
six foot
league if you want to impress me with
your basketball show me the people under
6 fet playing their own league and the
people over 6 feet having their own
League you know called the NBA but don't
put a 7 foot n person on a college
basketball court with a bunch of six two
people and tell me you that that's a
sport it's not a sport that's just
watching that guy ruin the the entire
evening for an entire gymnasium full of
people imagine him like going into that
game this is part that reminds you of
some of the the trans athletes where the
the man who's transitioned uh dominates
the sport why is that good for
anybody imagine an entire Stadium or not
Stadium but you know the entire gym is
full of Spectators who came to watch
this game and all it is is tossing it to
this big guy who puts it in a hole
that's it that's it that's the whole
game useless
anyway there's some new psychology
research that shows that acts of
kindness can predict seven different
types of well-being did you know that
being good to each other can make you
feel good too I know surprising I only
tell you about this every I don't know
every few weeks I mention it so I think
this was been known for about 10 years
but we've got some new research to tell
you what you already knew being nice to
people and being kind makes you feel
good too it's true here's another one
they did did a study of nuts and if you
eat a lot of nuts apparently you not
only don't lose weight but they're good
for you and might even make you lose
weight because nuts are very satiating
let's see that's a new study that also
was an old study because I literally
wrote about it in my book from
2013 had it failed almost everything and
still wind B we knew then that eating
peanuts cause you to lose weight that's
pretty well known to nutritionists so
it's another study that well sort of a
duh okay being nice to people it makes
you feel good and the nutrition that we
learned about 15 years ago still true at
least for
nuts and uh this will Amaze you but one
hour week of aerobics this is another
study can make your brain five years
younger okay
here's another one another study that
says your diet might be associated with
uh changes in your brain chemistry and
structure huh you know if you put all of
this brand new science
together I'm starting to see a pattern
develop and see if you see it too it's
almost as
if eating right and exercising could be
good for your health is anybody starting
to feel that
I mean you know I'm not putting all the
pieces together until just now with all
this brand new science that's so useful
but it turns out and this is amazing the
things you put into your body the
food can actually have an effect on your
body and did you know that your brain is
actually part of your body yeah it is
it's actually part of your body and if
you put things that are bad for your
body into your body
and then your brain is part of your
body I'm trying to figure it out um okay
I think the logic means to be bad for
your
brain so how about uh we pay for some
more science to teach us some every
one of you already knew because it's
obvious science I'm glad we have the
experts to tell us this
stuff meanwhile there was going to be a
London premiere of a movie that was
totally AI generated script so I guess
the actors were not AI but the script
was and it got cancelled because there
were hundreds of people complaining how
can you have a robot write a play when
it's human work so the anti- AI people
have risen and uh you'd be surprised to
find out that they're artist with very
little skill they don't have a lot of
skill that can be translated to other
domains apparently and they don't want
the
the AI to be taking the jobs the AI is
taking the jobs uh but the creator of
the movie tried to complain to no avail
that the point of the movie was not pro
AI but the point of it might be to show
that it doesn't
work so people were
complaining and protesting even though
they were on the same side of the person
they complained and protested about I
think so there the uh person who came up
with the idea here and executed the
movie uh says basically you're not
understanding the point of it the point
of it was not this is awesome the point
of it might have been their point which
is watch out this is coming so they
might have been on the same
side um here's more proof that being a
Democrat can make you mentally
insane does that sound like a an
exaggeration that being a Democrat can
make you
insane is not because apparently more
than half of uh adults 53% According to
some new poll in the American
Psychiatric association's healthy Minds
monthly poll which sounds very
unscientific um but it sound but more
than half of adults report that climate
change is affecting their mental health
and that's up from 2022 where it was
only 48% that's pretty big move that's a
pretty big move in two years um so who
is it that believes climate change is
going to kill them only Democrats I've
literally never met a republican who
thought climate change was a big problem
never I've never met one so who has
better mental health the Republicans who
are like do do do do looks like just
weathered me now I'm not saying they're
right or wrong you know I'm not taking a
side about whether the climate is
warming or not or who's causing it I'm
just pointing out that if you're a
Democrat you hear that your planet is
burning up and there's really basically
nothing you can do about it wouldn't
that make you mentally
ill it is literally true that being a
Democrat and buying into a certain set
of narratives would make you mentally
ill it's the same group that think uh
Trump is going to steal their democracy
if I thought I lived in a country where
the presumptive next president you know
if there's no cheating um wanted to be a
dictator I think my mental health would
be going to hell
too so being a Democrat is literally no
joke no
hyperbole really bad for your mental
health and if I make a claim like that
can I back it up with Statistics yes
quite easily because the statistics do
in fact show a real strong correlation
between Democrats and mental health
problems it's very
strong here it is there's no question
about what's doing it it's the fake news
so the fake news has created narratives
to frighten their people into doing what
they want you know voting for their team
but the side effect of frightening
people into do doing that stuff is that
it frightens
them and and there does seem to be a
difference because the uh Republicans
are also getting frightened by things
you know frightened by crime coming into
the country and things but you know what
the difference is it looks like you can
do something about that problem close
the
border but but the Democrats are telling
you basically there's nothing you can do
about climate change it's already too
late that's really different than a
problem you think you can solve if you
just work hard you know you don't go
crazy if you think you have a solvable
problem it's an unsolvable problem it's
the problem all right all
right I believe there is
a trend that can be seen in a number of
ways which is the smartest people waking
up to how brainwashed they've been if
they've been
Democrats now you've seen famously the
Silicon Valley types moving in the
direction of trump you know the all-in
pod people the bill Lans Elon Musk you
could throw in that mix and a bunch of
other um venture capitalist Etc Mark and
and Jon I think is moving in that
direction and they're in my
opinion the least brainwashed best
predictors of the future they're good
predictors of what's real it's their job
if you're an entrepreneur or a venture
capitalist it's literally your job to
say if I do this the predicted outcome
will be this and the people who were
best at predicting outcomes the most
successful venture capitalist for
decades are kind of all starting to move
to the same side now I saw a study that
uh if you look at the funding the
funding hasn't changed the Democrats
still get 95% of the money from the
Silicon Valley but I would submit to you
that the smartest people in Silicon
Valley do not put themselves on a list
of who they donated
to if they supported Trump they would
certainly be too smart to put themselves
on the list of people who donate to
Trump because that's not good for
business so I wouldn't believe the
donation number I would believe the
reputations of which people specifically
are moving toward Trump and it's the
smartest of the smart it's very clear
correlation but here's one that's even
more interesting you may be familiar
with a comedian actor Michael Ian Black
now he's uh often on social media being
an anti-trumper
but he asked me a question today on
social media that suggests an opening
that suggests
maybe there's a potential just a small
crack for some kind of a unb
brainwashing and this is really
interesting now I don't know I don't
personally know michaelan black but just
for full
disclosure um uh he had been friends
with my publicity manager for years so
so although I never met him Michael Ian
Black and I have we we shared a close
friend at one point so so that means
that he probably is aware of me because
we shared a close friend so I'm sure my
name came up so when he responded to me
it was maybe a little bit more
respectfully than he would have been if
I had been a stranger and I returned I
returned the favor so I responded to him
respectfully because I think he's got
real questions and here's his question
it's actually really it's a really good
question uh I did a post in which I said
something along the lines of it's
impossible to have a conversation with
somebody who thinks the news is real now
how many of you would agree with that
statement it's impossible to have a
political conversation with someone who
thinks the news is
real most of you right you you've had
that EXP experience and Michael lean
black says um I see this sentiment a lot
from Maga folks so his first problem is
he thinks I'm a mea folk um but he says
but it always confuses
me now here's why I like the way he
worded this he didn't say I hear this
batshit crazy opinion from magga people
he said it confuses him now that's
exactly the way to respectfully ask a
question I don't understand what you you
mean can you explain it so he goes on if
they don't believe quote the news how do
they get their information if everybody
is lying to you how is it that you know
the
truth that's a really good question
isn't it so I'm going to spend a few
minutes answering it so I I answered uh
you know on on the xplatform I answered
in detail but I'll tell you the answer
in a lot a little bit more here's the
basic
answer knowing what's true is not a
function of watching the news and then
saying oh I watched the right
news it's a it's a skill of knowing what
 looks
like and I would
um I would submit to you that knowing
what is and recognizing it is a
developable skill is something you could
be bad at and then learn to be good at
and I'll tell you more about that so I I
can that I don't learn what's True by
picking one of the news to be the right
one but rather I have a toolbox which
allows me to look at the news and pick
out from it what is true in terms of the
facts and what is untrue in terms of the
narrative so I tend to accept facts if
they're presented by both sides so both
sides say um this person did say this
thing and there's no video
editing well they might interpret it
differently but if both sides say the
fact is there and there's video and
there's Witnesses I believe that so
that's not the kind of thing that I
don't believe and of course it's not an
absolute right if the news says there's
going to be a hurricane probably true it
it's only the the political stuff that
has to spin to
it but let me go
deeper um as to why I think I know
what's true in many cases as I said the
skill isn't detecting what's not true
it's not so much knowing which side is
telling you the truth it's detecting the
the fake stuff from both
sides so I'm going to I'm going to read
to you what I said to him I said first
of all I'm a Democrat I like to put that
in there
because it shows that I'm not um a team
branded person now it doesn't mean I'm
unbiased but at least I had you know the
minimal amount of of um let's say
awareness of my own bias that I knew it
was a good thing to Brand myself the
other way so that have a little bit more
credibility so that's neither here nor
there but I thought I'd correct him so
he asked me how do I know what's true
and I said I'll give you some examples
the news told you that Trump called
neo-nazis Fine people I watched the
whole video and could see he condemned
them the news showed you an edited clip
that's
easy so I watched the news
I saw what they said and then I went to
the internet and I saw the full clip it
wasn't hard you you don't have to you
don't have to do research you just have
to look at the source and you can see
that they lied about what was there now
when I said this a whole bunch of people
weighed in oh Scott that's not what the
president said he said there were fine
people with them marching with them he
didn't say the neo-nazis were fine
people he said the people who were with
them and marching were fine people no he
didn't he never said marching with he
said they were there and I said I
interviewed them personally and there
were townies there who just said oh I
like statues I think I'll walk over and
be part of it they weren't marching they
were nowhere near the Nazis they
disavowed the Nazis in plain Lang
language they just liked the historical
nature of the statues and then somebody
said but Scott did you see the flyer the
flyer is clearly a racist flyer the
flyer for the event how do you explain
that anybody saw that flyer and went
there and was not pro-nazi to which I
say I interviewed somebody who was
Jewish who saw the flyer and went and I
said what the hell you saw the flyer
you're Jewish why would you go there and
he said I didn't recognize any of the
names of the speakers which is actually
very believable I recognize them because
you know I'm kind of deep in the weeds
but they're not household names so I
knew Richard Spencer's
name so I would have said oh it's one of
those but most people in America have
never heard his name you know 95% of the
country wouldn't know who he
was but what about the imagery the
imagery was definitely evocative of some
Nazi
stuff but not everybody knew that I
recognized it just cuz again I'm in the
weeds and I watched certain stuff so I
recognized it but I do legitimately
think you could look at it and say oh
it's just rightwing stuff you it
wouldn't recog you wouldn't recognize it
as having some you know some kind of
historical connection to something so
yes it was very easy that in or more
generally let's say this if you get a
whole bunch of Americans to attend
anything for any reason you'll have
every opinion there
right if you get a whole bunch of
Americans to attend any publicized
event there will be every Viewpoint
there because there are lots of people
and we all have slightly different
viewpoints so to imagine that everybody
there had one
Viewpoint would be dumb beyond belief
that not the way anything Works
nothing
so um you don't have to be an expert on
the news to know that that was a lie
it's same with the drinking bleach HX
you just have to watch it and watch the
full video uh the news says Republicans
stage insurrections without guns that's
obviously not true I don't need to watch
the news to know that Republicans don't
do insurrections without guns I don't
have to watch the news to know that
stealing Lecter is not part of your
Insurrection I don't have to watch the
news to know although I heard this in
the news that if Don Jr was not aware of
the January 6 being a planned
Insurrection and was not in favor of it
because he was trying to it down from
the start it wasn't an Insurrection if
the if the president didn't tell his son
and closest
adviser you know there are hundred ways
to know that wasn't an Insurrection
starting with Republicans don't leave
their guns home if they're trying to
conquer a country right or let me let me
say it more
clearly in the unlikely event that
Republicans ever stage an actual
Insurrection you wouldn't be asking the
question about whether it was an
insurrection
they would remove all
doubt the fact that there's any doubt at
all should be all you need to
know so your detectors should
be able to catch all of those uh the
news told us that we should know that
elections were Fair that's just dumb the
only thing we know is that we didn't
discover enough of problems in a legally
Legally approved way you know that in
other words the legal system didn't
validate any
concerns but that doesn't mean we know
it was fair that's literally just stupid
stupid the only thing we know is that we
didn't find anything that the court said
was real very
different for uh for new for news that
has one anonymous source that says
something bad about Trump that no human
including Trump would ever say those are
obvious lies you don't need to be like a
news expert to know that if it's one
source during an election year this that
says Trump said something that literally
nobody would say including Trump yeah
that's made up every year ordinary if
you didn't know that you might think
that was the
news but once you know that it's the
most ordinary thing that they do this
one source made up something that nobody
would ever say like like calling the
military
losers the moment you heard that you
should have known that literally nobody
would say that including Trump as
president now did he say something about
John McCain yes because that's exactly
what he would
do he would make fun of a powerful
person that he's running against or
that's a critic but he's not going to
make fun of uh
veterans he's not going to make fun of
people in the military that's literally
the opposite of who he is and always has
been so to imagine that that was
true that's a problem in Discerning
 that's not you know something
about the news you should have seen that
one
yourself um
how about the story that Trump tried to
choke out the driver of his own car on
January 6 he didn't really need to be a
news expert to know that didn't happen
and sure enough the driver himself says
it didn't
happen
um what about climate
models everybody who understand models
you know with lots of variables knows
they're not real you and I've done
prediction models so I've worked in that
domain so I know that they're not real I
know how the that scam Works where you
replace the ones that don't work and you
keep updating them so that you can
always say well these all these all were
would have worked in the past but of
course it's just a selection bias it's
not actually any prediction going on at
all now you would only know that if you
had a specific skill set and experience
other people would say hm looks like
these models are telling me the future
you know like your
horoscope so that's not a case of you
know trusting Fox News over CNN it's
just obvious to people who have that
experience um the news is telling you
that Biden is cognitively
fine how much of a news expert do I need
to be to know that he's not cognitively
fine I see him I can see him we all see
it how about uh the News tells you that
the government has UFOs in a warehouse
now some of you might believe that the
government has UFOs in the warehouse I'm
here to tell you the government doesn't
have any UFOs in the warehouse how do I
know that it's really really obvious if
you're good at spotting
 that could not be less likely
right so there's another example how
about the Russia collusion hoax how long
did it take you from the beginning of
the hoax to know that that wasn't true
because your news didn't know I mean the
news couldn't tell if it was true or not
because there was an allegation for a
long time without the results of an
investigation but you knew didn't you
you knew it was made up I knew you knew
and sure enough it was made
up
um and I said I could do that test on
all of the news you could pick any topic
and I can tell you how the
could be easily spotted now that still
does require that you're watching the
news but you're watching both sides and
another trick I tell you all the time is
if both sides report a fact the same
it's probably
true it's probably true if one side said
it happened and the other side says it
didn't far far less likely to be true
but it might be so there are a lot of
rules of thumbs and there are a lot of
you know tools in the toolbox for for
sorting this out but more generally
um
well let me give you another example
from the news so there's a new one so
the Biden campaign has a cheap fake task
force so they've created a task force to
try to convince you that the things you
see with your own eyes are not happening
because they're slightly edited videos
are they slightly edited videos yes yeah
the one in Normandy kind of cuts off the
fact that he was interacting with some
people off screen but you still see
Biden being Biden which is bad enough no
matter what he's doing at the moment so
they they created this cheap fake task
force to gas late the public into
thinking that what you see is not what
you see because in some cases it's
actually not what you see so because 5%
of the time there's something like
offscreen that might be misleading that
the other 95% of the time that you could
clearly see he's fried that that's not
happening either now how much of an
expert in in health do I need to be to
know that the cheap fake task force is
for diversion purposes and is not
telling you the
truth it doesn't take a whole lot of
skill to spot that
one all right anyway so I realized this
I was talking in the man cave audience
last night that it's probably not a it's
probably not a
coincidence that I've predicted things
better than other public figures now I'm
going to make this claim and then back
it
up but it's it's necessary for me to say
that I'm better at predicting than most
people in the public domain like a lot
better and my track record shows that
pretty clearly don't get everything
right so if you have some examples of
things I got wrong you're probably right
nobody gets them all right but I have by
far maybe the best public prediction
record of any public figure who does
predictions so here's why I realize
there's actually a reason for it that
for some reason was never obvious to me
um first of all I've got a degree in
economics and if you didn't know
economics is a forecasting skill the
whole point of learning economics is not
to understand what happened yesterday
although that's fun too it's to predict
you're looking at all these different
variables in the world mostly economic
but it could include political and other
technological and then you say given all
these variables and how cause and effect
works what is the most likely outcome if
I increase the money supply I get
inflation if I get inflation what's that
going to do to employment so if you
study economics you've literally got a
degree in forecasting the
Future Would you agree that's that's
what it is it's forecasting the future
in complex environments now on top of
that I have an MBA which teaches you to
predict
businesses so the whole skill of an MBA
is if I do this I predict I'll get a
better outcome than if I do the other
thing an MBA is a prediction skill and
indeed we spend a lot of time doing
Financial predictions if I buy this
company under these conditions this will
be the outcome now I took those skills
and I became a banker and while I was a
banker for a while I was a lender
so I got to uh look at and approve vast
numbers of loans because I was an
approver I wasn't I wasn't originating
them so I got to see a vast number of
predictions in the form of I will pay
the loan back with this financial set of
things happening in the future and I got
to understand when these predictions are
reliable and when they're not a whole
set of skills for understanding when
people are lying about the predictions
and when they're not so I got that
so those are two
skills three if you count the real life
experience as a lender which are
literally directly involved with
predicting the future based on lots of
variables that are swilling around or
swirling around on top of that uh my
other jobs were finance and
budgeting so finance and budgeting is
also a predictive skill how much money
do we need for this thing and then you
learn a whole other toolbox of how to
predict money related things that
involve people in
technology then on top of that I worked
uh with
Engineers so although it said engineer
on my business card for a while and I
did engineer things I wasn't technically
an engineer by by trade well I was by
trade but not by
education um and Engineers are entirely
about the future and the way they do it
is they look at the whole system and
they say all right you got this
well-designed thing except there's this
one weak part I predict that that weak
part will be the first thing to fail
right so engineering is prediction you
say if I do this this will stay together
and work if I do this it won't it's
future so I'm not an engineer but I I
was immersed in that environment for 16
years I was just always around them and
you learned to think like that you you
pick up a style of thinking and it's the
engineering
Style on top of that I'm a
hypnotist so I understand how the brain
is structured in a functional way if if
you do this you get this output without
all the imagination that we're thinking
humans it was just the irrational
motivation part and of course to be a
hypnotist you end up mastering a lot of
psychology
psychology is also a predictive
skill that under these conditions
you're likely to have this outcome if I
do this for you this kind of treatment
you're likely to have this kind of
benefit it's a prediction and of course
knowing how people think is by far the
most important thing to predict any
outcome how do people think and can I
discern what they will think from the
reasoning part of their brain which is
minimal and can I discern what their
irrational brain will do the way I
predicted that Trump would win in 2016
is my hypnosis prediction skills that oh
no he's more persuasive than other
people so that's a
prediction all right wa do you get to
I'm going to get to there's kind of a
like a crescendo here that I'm getting
to um I'm also a member of the media so
although you know I'm a cartoonist I'm
also a
writer an author and I worked in the
news industry for most of my career
if you're in it you get to see behind
the curtain and if you see behind the
curtain you see how the media really
works you see it's basically money
driving the whole thing and selfishness
and all that so if you didn't have media
experience there's a whole bunch of
things that are really obvious to
everybody who's in the media that would
be invisible to normies they just
wouldn't see it but I have that
benefit the other thing is that I'm a
public
figure being a public figure allows you
to meet other public figures far more
often than if you were not when you meet
other public figures and you are a
public figure you quite often hear the
real story behind the scenes the story
other people don't get to hear so by
luck and coincidence I just happen to
have access to people who go you know
the story in the news nothing like that
happened here's what really happened and
you will never ever hear it in the news
I get to hear that stuff from the people
who were there so I'm talking about the
person who made the news will tell me
that it's fake there I actually get to
talk to the people who ran an OP to
create fake news the news reported is
real and you think is real I get to talk
to them oh yeah we made that up and
people believe that now if you've never
had that experience of meeting people
who literally make up the
news you don't know what's going on
all
right the uh the other thing is uh being
good at pattern recognition which I
would argue that's what cartoonist are a
a humorist and a cartoonist tend to S
you know simplify big complicated
situations and that's a good skill for
just understanding what's what if you
can
summarize and know what's important then
you can make jokes about it but it's the
same skill of summarizing and
understanding the key point that allows
you to see any any topic with a little
bit of extra
Clarity and then uh there's my vared
occupations so I've had jobs in
everything from marketing to sales to
strategy to service to engineering to um
technology to finance and all of them
are a different window into the house so
if the only thing you'd ever learned is
one of those things marketing let's say
you'd be looking into the house from in
the marketing window and you would just
see the living room you'd say the inside
of this house is a living room but it's
only because you only had one window if
you had all those skills you'd see the
house from all the windows and you'd
know all the contents of the house so
I've actually had probably 20 different
jobs that had different windows and they
all give you a little bit of a a peek
into what's
real and that's also a uh highly related
to being old
if you're in your 60s you have this vast
experience of patterns that you've seen
ah when that happens this always happens
right but you're not so old that your
brain is deteriorating in the you know
dementia Joe kind of way so if you're in
your 60s you just have this gigantic
advantage over somebody in their 30s or
40s I mean really gigantic and believe
me when I was in my 30s and 40s I did
not believe the people in their 60s had
a gigantic experiential Advantage I
often thought there would be you know
yeah they're a little a and
Ayn they don't they don't know what the
new stuff is right but they certainly
know what the old stuff was they've seen
it so when somebody tells me that X or Y
is going to destroy the world I say do
you know how many times I've heard that
if it's the first time you're hearing
this or that will destroy the world
you're panicked oh my God the news just
said the world's going to be Destro
destroy what do I say yeah that's the
20th time I've heard that hasn't
happened yet so experience really makes
a
difference and uh the other thing is
that being a public figure I get to see
that the news about me isn't
real now if you're a public figure that
the news likes to write about which I am
um I get to see how they write it and I
get to see it's not real so then when I
see stories about other public figures I
start with the Assumption it's not real
if I see a story about let's say Kanye
yay or any other politician I start with
the Assumption it's not real because
that's the norm the norm is it's not
real you you wouldn't know that unless
you've been the subject of lots of
stories and you keep wondering why
coincidentally they're wrong it's not a
coincidence stories about public figures
rarely are true now having said that
your brain might be doing something like
this but
Scott really all the professions they
all have this predictive thing to them
like if you're a plumber you have to
predict that if you fix this pipe it
won't leak right but so basically all
the professions have this predictive
thing to
them kind
of but they only predict little things
within their domain yes it's true the pl
the plumber can predict a leak
but that's it it's not going to help him
read the news a school teacher can be
very smart and well informed about the
past but they're not really in the
business of predicting the future Beyond
if I do this with my class I should get
a good result with my class it's very
compartmentalized right if you were a
uh I don't know you're in the sales you
have to predict that if you do this
somebody will buy your stuff but that's
it it it's not a it's not a
generalizable skill so you see the
difference if you're an if you're uh
rbert
daero he's learned to to conflate
reality and fiction that's his skill his
skill is conflating reality and fiction
in a way that entertains people is that
a good skill for understanding reality
probably the worst it doesn't give you
any predictive ability and it might fool
you into thinking that fiction and fact
aren't that different or that you could
treat them the same or that it's not not
a big deal if you do
so my answer to uh Ian Michael Black is
that it seems to me that the respectful
way with which he asked the question
suggest that he has a genuine curiosity
because it didn't come across exactly as
your stupid for saying that watching the
news isn't helping it was more like it
looked like he was genuinely curious how
somebody now here's the part where uh
knowing that he knows somebody that was
close with me he probably understands
I'm not
stupid which is important because if he
looks at my opinion and says okay
according to our mutual friend this
one's not stupid but why is he saying
something that in my world view looks
like it could be stupid
and so he respectfully asked how do you
explain this and so I did as as
a let's say
reciprocity reciprocity is a really
important factor in the world because he
was
respectful um I'm happy to respectfully
give him a complete answer that I think
is really useful for him and for other
people I don't do it just to score some
points I do it because this is really
important you really need to know why
people say the news isn't real real real
important all
right I would like to Echo something
that Greg Gutfeld said on the five
yesterday that I just thought it was
brilliant and and I'm mad at myself for
not putting this together but here's
here I'm sort of paraphrasing Greg but
if you look at the fine people
HS You could argue that was the most
divisive thing that ever happened in
lifetime almost so it was very divisive
for the country so we know that that the
hoax was just bad for human
relations create a lot of division but
it goes beyond
that it probably got Biden elected it
was his main theme and people believed
it so you wouldn't have had Biden with
an the find people Oaks it seems I mean
may you could argue he might have tried
something else but this is what he tried
and it worked so the fine people hoax
gave you Biden a dementia riddled
president who then opened your borders
started a war with Ukraine kind of I
mean you could argue that they started
it um or didn't stop it and uh you got
inflation you got you know your your uh
price of eggs through the roof and all
that stuff so in effect You could argue
that the intentional hoax of the fine
people hoax
uh
destroyed
Civil Society in the country got you
Biden a brain dead uh puppet and
destroyed our country through the open
borders inflation debt and Ukraine
war that hoax may have destroyed
America now I'm going to bet against it
because I I think we're pretty spunky
and we're good at correcting and we're
good at destroying things before we
rebuild them sort of built into the
whole American thing so I I I don't
think we're doomed I think we'll be fine
again that's that's one of those being
old things if I were 30 I would think
we're doomed
honestly if you just showed me the news
and you just say all right you're 30
years old are we doomed I would look at
the news and say you know what there's
no way out there's just no way out we're
doomed but as but at my current age I
know that's not true because it would be
like the 25th time I was doomed and then
somebody just said oh oh it turns out
that this year 2000 bug we we'll just
write a program that automatically finds
the places we need to fix and fixes them
it was almost
trivial and how about that ozone
hole well it
closed right how about all the the uh
the freezing that we were supposed to
have in the 70s Well turns out maybe it
got
warmer so how about running out of fuel
in the 70s we're all going to die well
we have more fuel not less uh what about
the uh Russia was definitely going to
Nuke Us in the 60s I had a bomb shelter
in my house I had a bomb shelter in my
house it was a very bad one my father
was not good at building bomb shelters
you know but we had some canned food and
some extra thick walls just in case the
nuke came for us so no I think we'll be
fine but it is uh still demonstrably
obviously true that that one hoax is
coming really close to destroying the
United States it's not hyperbole I think
we'll be fine but my God what a body
blow all right I may have told you this
before but uh somebody did a study of
the donations to political parties in
Silicon Valley no surprise it's uh
almost all goes to Democrats but the
update is that it still is so um even
though you've heard some notable stories
of big venture capitalist and stuff
moving toward um Trump you might say to
yourself oh those are just the
exceptions and that's why they're in the
news because they're so you know man
bites dog
exception but I would argue that
donations are not telling the story
because people don't want to tell you
exactly who they donated if it's Trump
it' be be bad for business if you're in
Silicon Valley so I think donations may
be misleading and what is more important
is that there is a certain set
of uh let's say investors and
entrepreneurs and VC people I guess
they're investors
um who are more respected for their
opinions than others there are some that
are just considered the wisest people in
the
industry every one of them is going to
Trump
every one of them everybody who is good
at predicting the
future that's what VCS do a venture
capitalist literally predicts the future
of the company and the probably the
economy at the same time now they don't
do it right all the time but they're the
best at it so the reason that you know
the reason that you hear of a you know
some of these famous Venture capitalists
is they didn't have one hit they had
multiple hits it's pretty hard to do and
especially if you're starting the
company yourself to start more than one
company that succeeds who who does
better at predicting Elon Musk or
everybody else in the whole
world Elon Musk you beat everybody you
don't have to
wonder he predicted he could make an
electric car company who else did nobody
he predicted he' get a rocket to land
and be reused
I don't think anybody was thinking that
was true except some Engineers maybe so
he's probably the most clearly and
obviously best predictor of anything
we've ever seen and he's moving in the
Trump
Direction so look for influence don't
look for donor
lists uh
Louisiana public schools now are going
to be required to display the Ten
Commandments
do I even need to talk about that
one as you know if you've been with me
for a while I love my Christians I'm not
a Believer personally but I'm a real big
fan meaning that the Christians have a
good way of life it did inform the
Constitution it is the backbone of you
know the American culture it does work
it does make people happier and
healthier and economically more stable
so they do have a way of life which is
absolutely Superior now not maybe
Superior than every other thing you
could do but on
average it's a system that
works
and so I'm you know
Pro but part of that system is that you
keep the religion out of and of
politics I get it that it's the
foundation of why we have certain laws
and stuff in the Constitution but still
it's our thing that we keep it separate
this is a
mistake now I think it will be
corrected I I think that there will be
movements against it but I think you can
be 100% pro- Christians and Christianity
and think it's a mistake to put it in
the
school because it does beg the
question what about the other
religions I mean it's just going to
cause trouble pretty soon Satan's going
to be in the school you know why how
could you stop it as soon as you say one
religion can be in the school people are
going to say you can't have one but
maybe we'd be okay if you let them all
in and then the satanists are
there how's that how's that a good
idea to me it just looks like an
impractical and bad idea they had good
intentions it's just a mistake I think
it'll get corrected
but I love my
Christians um one of the people who was
fighting against that is the ACLU who I
call the disgraced
ACLU our rmon has a poll that says if
news were to replace Trump in a
hypothetical matchup that Trump would
just destroy him by 12 points do you
believe
that I'm not sure I believe that because
I think the minute the Nome replaced
Biden uh the Democrat support would just
firm up behind Newsome
100% so it could be that there's some
some number of Independents who believe
that Biden is just a daughtering but
well-meaning ordinary
politician and they would see maybe Nome
as more of a
greasy less trustworthy unsuccessful in
California politician so maybe but I
would think that whoever Democrat
candidate is will get 100% of the
Democrats so there must be just some
people who think Biden is a better deal
than Nome I'm not even sure I think
that yeah there are very few people who
would be less happy with Nome being the
president than me I mean I live in the
state so I get to you know feel his
effects firsthand no he's the last
Governor except for maybe hok uh that I
would want running my
country and still it might be better
than Biden and I say that just because a
nome's brain is fully
functional and he's smart sure he's a
political creature and he's slimy and
you know you worry that he's connected
to corrupt things but you don't
know but he's at least got a functioning
brain and he cares about America
surviving so I don't know I'd have to
hear what he said about immigration
before I knew if it's it's an upgrade or
a
downgrade because you might expect that
new would change some of his policies as
a president compared to Governor but you
can't rely on that that would be hard to
rely
on all right here's uh the debates are
upcoming it's going to be
fun um what would be a good strategy for
the debates I see people doing lots of
fantasy advising where they say here's
what Trump should do in this debate and
here's what he should do and I saw the
suggestion I think the Amaze account on
X was saying that uh Trump should run
through all the hoaxes and debunk them
and I thought about that and I thought
you know the the debates are a it's kind
of a tough way to go run through the
hoaxes because even if he does he's
going to be calling calling attention to
them and then the news will say but
they're real he claims they're not real
but they're real so I don't know that
debunking a bunch of hoaxes could work
in that setting but you know what might
work what might work is debunking one
just to find people hoax and the way I
would debunk it is the way that Gutfeld
debunked it I would say that if you
watch the video you can see that I was
talking about the people who I believed
were there um and later reporting showed
were who were not anywhere near the
racists and disavowed them and just
wanted the statues to stay
now they didn't see the uh marketing for
the event some of them were locals and
they just wandered over it was walking
distance and so they just came over to
be in support of statues now because of
that one
lie my opponent over here not only
divided the country with his people more
than we've ever been divided and it
probably had an impact on the the George
Floyd thing that came subsequently
because it seemed like it was piling on
that
um and then it probably got Biden
elected which gives you massive
inflation and open borders and uh you
know Ukraine war that we
funding now here's why this is effective
first of all it limits itself to the
most important and most easiely debunk
hoax but he would have to cover not just
that it didn't happen he has to has to
explain what he meant by fine people he
has to say if he's going to debunk it at
all don't do it at all unless you're
going to say this I wouldn't even do it
I would avoid it completely unless
you're gonna
say that I assumed because it's America
that people with every opinion would
show up because that would be the most
obvious assumption later we did hear
reports that some of the locals who
didn't see any of the advertisements
about the Nazis and weren't on their
side
came by to show their support for the
historical statues that's who I was
talking about now if you believe that
they weren't there that's not really on
point because I believe they were there
and I do believe they were there so
let's not argue about whether they
weren't there because your news never
tried to report it did it I don't think
your news source even tried to find out
if there were any people there who were
not with the Nazis disavowed them and
just wanted to keep the statues of of
course they were there everybody knows
that any big gathering in America has
every point of view I was just siding
with one of the points of view that I
assumed was there if my assumption was
wrong that wouldn't change anything
about my opinion and what I said but my
assumption was right as well now the
problem is it destroyed America in these
ways I've described now did you catch
the
persuasion let's see how good you are
have I trained you
well what's what's the persuasion
active ingredient in that
idea a couple number one it's making you
think past the sale if you concentrate
about how that hoax ruined America
you're thinking past the question of was
it a
hoax so he needs to very quickly say if
you look at the whole video you'll see
what I mean but he has to has to say
what he meant by fine people and that
surely there were some of them there and
he even if there weren't it doesn't
matter doesn't matter to the
point then he can concentrate on did you
ruin the world with this gigantic
lie make them talk about whether it
ruined the
world think past the sale here's the
other part of it and this is this is so
Trump this is the Andre Agassi
strategy the Andre agusi strategy when
playing a weaker opponent
especially is he would destroy their
best
shot so if somebody had a famous
forehand but there were still you know
somebody he should have beat he takes
out their forehand first because then
their confidence is gone and everything
else falls apart so once he shows that
their best shot can't beat him they just
fall apart and then he can beat him in
straight sets and he's fresh for the
next game which might be more
competitive so most people would go for
somebody's weakest shot but if you go
for the weakest shot and they get lucky
do you know what
happens they start thinking their
weakest shot works too and then they get
all confident oh shoot even my weak
shots working today will he sees my good
shots so Trump could go after the fine
people hoax because it was their
strongest
play and since he's playing a weak weak
opponent Biden won't be able to do a
good job of defending himself so he can
take their strongest hoax the one that's
still alive he can slay it in front of
the world and he can leave it there with
all of its entrails sitting on the
lectern in front of Biden and make him
talk to the country over the guts of his
own
lie and we're done now I remind you that
this is all fantasy politics where we
pretend that our advice gets to Trump
and that he you know follows it and the
world is different so no he'll do his
own game and it'll be you know a trump
game from beginning to end um and he's
shown he's shown a a willingness not to
engage on that topic so I think he
prefers just not engaging because it's
not worked out for him in the past so I
wouldn't expect him to go after it but
if uh if Biden brings it up he might
have to
now here's my next
question are Biden's advisors and his
debate planners are they dumb enough to
know that this is their biggest weakness
that looks like their biggest
strength they might be they might be
dumb enough that he'll mention that hoax
again if he mentions it again Trump has
to dismantle
it he has to and it will be one of the
finest moments
in all of American
politics it will be the act three of all
act 3s now the other thing I'd like to
see and again this is you know fantasy
advisor you know Trump will be Trump so
we we we're not really advising him but
it's fun to talk about so
recreationally
um so after he debunks
that uh we'd love to see him go after uh
um the he's going to steal your
democracy he's going to become a
dictator I would like to see him mock it
instead of just
arguing when he brings up the January 6
thing oh he wanted to take over the
country I'll say Joe Biden only people
uh only Joe Biden thinks that
Republicans try to take over a country
with paperwork and no guns I promise you
it's not going to happen I mean there's
not going to be any armed Insurrection
and nobody ever tried to do it on
January 6 uh because it's not it's not
what it would look like at all um but if
it did happen you would not be you would
not be
wondering now he probably shouldn't say
that because that sounds like he's
actually actually threatening to do it
so I wouldn't do that I I would simply
mock it and say is it was it your idea
that everybody left their guns home and
that they were going to use trespassing
and relocating
to conquer the country can you explain
Joe Biden how relocating
elector and breaking some windows in one
building how that would conquer the
country just connect the dots for people
since you you clearly see I had no
support from anybody in the military you
can tell from the uh documents that were
unveiled by the fake January 6 group
that there wasn't anybody in on the plot
there was no there was no communication
at all except that we thought we could
preserve our rights for a legal
challenge by having alternate electors
which there is some history
for now I would mock
it so I would just mock their dumb
January 6 beliefs and the and I'm going
to be a dictator for a day and I just
make fun of it all right um here's
something that's
alarming
um well before I get to that the Ford
foundation so they've got a big
charitable group and the head of that
says that uh attacks on Dei are really
anti- capitalists because the capitalism
really requires you know a a Dei like
fairness
um so here's what I think sounds to me
like the director of the Ford Foundation
is a Dei hire because that's the dumbest
argument I've ever heard
he he starts with the assumption that
there are plenty of qualified people in
every domain and then he Reasons from
there if that were true we'd all be on
the same side I would be Pro
Dei if if you could hire just easily a
employees that look like your um that
look like the rest of the country if
they existed in sufficient
quantities it would happen naturally you
wouldn't even be talking about it
because the the market system would just
take care of it right
so um yeah I was I don't know anything
about Roy Swan the director of the Ford
Foundation but if I had to
guess probably a Dei hire now is that
fair it's not fair at all it's terribly
unfair to say somebody might be a Dei
hire but you know who created this
situation not me it was Dei if you
create Dei don't ask me not to notice
don't ask me not to comment on it it's
really big and don't ask me not to treat
it like an engineer would which is as a
system as a system it can't possibly
work because the demand for the diverse
employees far out strips the supply
maybe you know 10 to one depending on
the the field let's say
stem so it looks incompetent
and he looks like he would be in a job
where they would do a Dei hire so I
assume that his incompetence is directly
related to the poor system that promotes
underqualified
people it looks like it now why should I
assume differently when all the evidence
suggests that's exactly what's happening
and he's an example of it all right
here's the fun story this sound starts
sound terrible the terrible part is that
the number of students in America who
are
quote special education folks the people
who have access to special education is
up to 7.5 million students and that's
15% of the public school population it's
up from 133% a decade
earlier
15% of students are in special
education
15% keep that in mind if might come up
later
15% just hold that in your mind for a
minute um breitbart's talking about a uh
a new poll about the top priorities for
Americans turns out abortion is really
low on priorities for the election and
inflation and the economy are the top so
it's a it's a signal survey c y g n l
signal and it asks respondents to
identify their top priorities so the top
priority is uh 28% chose inflation in
the economy as their top priority that's
right and uh James Carville can tell you
it's the economy
stupid um so yes the economy is number
one no surprise number two illegal
immigration no surprise you got uh
almost
20% say that that's the biggest thing so
the economy and inflation two things
that Trump absolutely
dominates are the biggest
concerns but number three was quote
threats to
democracy what percentage of the country
do you think watched the news and
decided that uh Trump specifically is
going to be a threat to their democracy
and he's going to steal their
democracy
15% the same number of students who are
in special
education think that Trump's going to
steal their
democracy it's not a
coincidence it might not be exactly the
same
people but it's not a coincidence the
15% who think that Trump's going to
steal the Democracy are not the smart
students they're they're not the bright
people and if they happen to do well in
school well as somebody said on social
media it's easy easier to train a smart
dog so the brainwashing actually works
really well with smart people so there
might be some smart people in the mix
too
but I'll tell you uh 15% believing
something that's just so obviously
ridiculous that he's going to steal your
democracy the the guy who loves the
Constitution more than anybody he hugs
the flag he's going to steal your
democracy and anybody would let him like
like the Republicans would let that
happen oh we like Trump so much that
we've decided to throw away everything
we believe in so he can be our dictator
for a few years until he dies there's
literally not a single Republican who's
ever had that thought you know except
maybe the 15% Crazy
Ones all right and uh a bunch of other
stuff Wall Street Journal has got more
reports about Dei is
dying um but I don't think it is dying I
think it's just changing its name but
there a lot of companies that are
backing away from it and reducing their
staffs uh now people used to Champion it
like price Waterhouse Cooper they're
they're kind of scrubbing the name out
of their documents but here's what I
think I think it's way too early to
celebrate because before there was Dei
do you know it was before that for over
30 years there was Dei without the named
Dei I've told you the story that I
couldn't get promoted in the 80s because
I was a white male you think that ever
changed that never changed yeah there
every Company still needs to get
diversity whether you call it Dei or not
so it doesn't matter what name they give
it if you're a white male and you're
walking into a business where there
might be anybody who's in a diverse
group who might have you know skills in
the same general category you don't have
a chance so that's not changing so I
think it's a big fake account that
there's less Dei there's just Less
Market of
it
um so AOC was not happy that Nick
Fuente's praised her for being more
americair than 99% of
Republicans so uh I shouldn't have to
explain who Nick Fuentes is I'll just
ask you if you don't recognize the name
go Google it because if I try to
characterize him then I sort of get
sucked in so I don't want to do that
I'll just say that he's a he's a public
figure very
controversial and he's uh um he's
opposed to America concentrating on
Israel um among other topics but he
notes that AOC also doesn't want America
to be obsessing about supporting Israel
and he notes that other people like
representative Massie Candace Owens and
Bernie Sanders who certainly would be as
far away as you could possibly be from
Nick Fuente's you know General
reputation and brand seem to agree on
this topic the the Israel question
now
um but I don't know I just I just love
the fact that these strange bed fellows
got thrown together and that uh Fuentes
called it out Ju Just to get him hopping
mad and talking about
him so anyway anyway that's just fun
doesn't have any importance to
anything um but it does look like some
group of Americans are looking to form
some kind of Declaration of Independence
from
Israel does it feel like
that because I think we're well beyond
the point where we have to argue does
Israel have an unusual influence on
America's policies about
Israel we're Way Beyond wondering if
that's happening right we we don't have
to say I'm not sure if that's happening
or not of course it is that there's you
know APAC
exists um plenty of people in the media
who represent that
opinion yeah pretty obvious so there
might be a declaration of independence
from Israel that could happen at some
point with a strange bedfellow of people
who disagree on everything
else
um I I'll remind you my view that is
Israel is going to do what Israel is
going to do and our opinion of it is
irrelevant and we would do the same
thing they're doing in the same
situation so I don't feel like having an
opinion on what they're doing is useful
it's just not useful so I don't
bother um but I don't support
Israel as you know a government now I'm
not saying saying they should go away
I'm saying that I don't need to support
them they're very strong and they're
they're able to stand up their own
and they can probably afford to do
anything they want to do they've got a
pretty good standard of living so
whether we give them money or or side
with them every time I'm I'm closer to
the uh I'm going to say the Thomas
Massie Ken to
owens's uh version of things which is H
maybe we should be taking a second look
about how much attention we're giving to
another country now the reason I don't
go hard on this
is because uh Israel is
transparent and APAC the people lobbying
in for in favor of them are very
transparent you nobody's trying to hide
the fact that there's a strong
pro-israel lobbying group in the United
States and that they're
effective that covers to me that covers
a lot of you know a lot of
territory if somebody is operating
within the law and they are if they're
arguing their cases in public and they
are and they're fully transparent even
with their funding and even Congress
says stuff like I got to talk to my APAC
guy they're very very transparent and
they're an ally right one of our closest
allies
so I can I can put up with a lot if
nobody's
lying does that make sense because I
don't know anybody else who has my
opinion on this as long as nobody's
lying and everybody always following the
law then my disagreement with it is is
very muted it's like well you know I
disagree but I I like being part of a
system where we know what's
happening so that's where I'm
at um there's some news about why some
people got covid and some did not they
think there's some kind of te- cell
difference they did a study where they
intentionally expose people to covid and
not everybody got it and the people who
didn't get it had this uh Gene called
called HLA dqa2 which is exactly what I
suspected that's the gene I was looking
at I know just it was just a guess on my
part I'm like huh soon as the pandemic
started I was like I don't know that
feels like an hl- dqa2 Gene situation to
me no I didn't say that but man I wish I
had would have sounded awesome now and
then the last story I don't know the
details yet but the America First legal
group who you should be following on on
X if you want to feel some optimism for
the country you should see that the
Republicans have uh you know nutted up
and formed a fairly substantial you know
counterforce in the legal domain and
they they're claiming some victory in
dismantling a Brennan and Clapper Le you
know deep state weaponization of the DHS
so I guess there was some group that was
trying to
uh as this group would as America First
legal would put it weaponized the DHS
now I was think that Brennan and Clapper
are the head of the snake for the
intelligence people trying to manipulate
the country you know that they they were
part of the Russia collusion hoax they
were part of the laptop 51 signatures
hoax it's kind of obvious kind of
obvious that they're the head of the you
know this kind of
stuff so if that got dis L and if
America First legal uh was part of that
dismantling that would be another
victory that would be quite substantial
unless all they're doing is hiding
somewhere now that ladies and
gentlemen is my show for today I think
it was more awesome than everything else
you could have been done doing at the
same time I'm going to say uh bye now to
YouTube and Rumble and X thanks for
joining and
uh um I'm going to go talk to the locals
people privately because they're so
awesome by my book God's debris the new
Trilogy like compilation of the first
two books plus a new short story that
rounds out the story of the
Avatar best summer book reading ever by
the way it really is if you're going to
read a summer book uh and you you like
rolling around with interesting ideas
you haven't heard before it really is
the ideal book it won't make you think
too hard nobody gets tied to a chair
nobody gets murdered in the book nothing
bad happens in the book it's just an
interesting time to spend with your own
brain and uh thanks for joining I'll see
you tomorrow morning locals here I
come
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e