De Maya, let's check your
stocks. Stocks are down. So, don't check
your stocks. Yeah, don't do that. All
right, we'll do a show as soon as I got
my comments working here.
[Music]
Good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of Cuban
civilization. Cinco de Mayo version. If
you'd like to take this experience up to
levels that nobody can even understand
with their tiny shiny brains, all you
need is a copper mug, a glass, a tanker
gels, a canteen sugar flask, a vessel of
any kind. Fill it with your favorite
liquid. I like coffee. And join me now
for the unparalleled pleasure, the
dopamine hit of the day, the thing that
makes everything better. It's called the
simultaneous sip. It happens now.
Go. Terrific.
Well, you'd be surprised to hear that
according to Daily Coffee
News, there was a study of 6,000 adults
and they found out that coffee does have
a protective effect against
dementia. So, if uh if my audience has a
low level of dementia, now you know why.
It's all the coffee.
I saw a post on uh X from the the
government office of nuclear
energy and they were touting this micro
reactor a nuclear micro reactor called
the Maraveville and it's the size of a
car and it has enough energy to power 10
homes. Now does that sound like
something that could be
practical? So, it's only the size of a
car, but it's a
nuclear, you know, power plant, but it
can only power 10
homes. The the question that jumps out
is how long does it
last? How hard is it to do maintenance?
And then what do you do with the waste
when it's done? I'm sure they have
answers to that, but uh I don't know if
I would do the nuclear micro reactor
before I did the solar panels and the
Tesla battery. I might go for the
battery first, although I was a little
afraid of batteries because there's a
small but real uh risk of fire from a
battery. I don't know what the odds are,
but not very high. Speaking of
batteries, and speaking of Tesla,
um, Wonderful Engineering is reporting
that there's a new Tesla 4680
battery that was, uh, I think first
teased in 2020. So, if you're if you're
looking for how long does it take, um, a
technical breakthrough to become a
product? About 5 years, even if you're
Tesla. So apparently this battery is way
more efficient and it's simpler to
assemble and it boosts your energy
efficiency and it's going to be in
Teslas soon.
So every time you hear me say there's
another breakthrough in battery
technology, you can add five to seven
years before you'll see
it. Cor I saw a post by Mario and a I
see a lot of the news on his posts on X.
They're very excellent. By the way, you
should follow if you're not following
Mario Noel. N A W F A L. You really
should because uh he summarizes the news
better than anybody I've seen. Anyway,
one of the things that he highlighted
was there's an AI scanner that can
identify disease in people before they
even feel bad.
So, I guess it takes 2,000 images in 20
seconds. It's got 70 sensors and 50
million data points, and it's already
it's already worked. It's flagged major
health problems in people who looked
totally
fine. I'm not sure I want to know.
You know, the there's there's always for
a while now there's been a technology
where you could get a private full body
scan just in case there's anything going
on in your body that you didn't know
about. But um a lot of people found that
when they did those scans, they would
kind of routinely find things they
didn't know about and then they'd be all
panicked about, oh no, what's wrong with
my liver? Even if there's nothing wrong.
Well, Target, the store, according to
the postmillennial, is going to cut back
on the the selfch checkout. Guess
why? Why do you think Target stores are
going to get rid of their selfch
checkout? Now, they say cut back, but I
think that means in certain locations,
they'll get rid of
it. It's because of
theft. So, apparently people just
pretend they're self-checking and then
just take their stuff.
It's theft. Yeah. So, I think that
probably has everything to do with the
location of the store. And, you know, in
my neighborhood, probably even in my
neighborhood, there'd be a little theft,
but probably not a
lot. Um, here's an update on Tik Tok.
Did you Does it seem like the Tik Tok
story just sort of
disappeared? You know, for a long time
there was all this activity and there
were people putting together offers and
and then it just sort of disappeared.
And I think what's going on is that
China is not going to say yes to a Tik
Tok merger or purchase as long as our
trade war is going on. So Trump is uh
likely going to extend again the uh the
deadline for Tik Tok to find a buyer.
Um, but uh he's very pro Tik Tok because
Tik Tok was was good to him in the
election. Anyway, so apparently the uh
the P Denny trial starts today. They're
going to do uh they're going to look for
jurors. And I was thinking to myself, I
can't think of a trial I would less want
to be
on cuz you would hear things that would
just disturb you for the rest of your
life and and probably there's going to
be pictures and images and oh my god.
But on top of that, I would also be
worried about being
[Music]
murdered. Is that a good enough reason
to not serve on a jury? Has anybody ever
said, "You know, I wouldn't mind serving
on the jury, but I don't want to get
murdered." I was thinking about that
because uh some time ago, I was uh
famous for the Dilbur stuff, so I was
already well known and I went to jury
duty. And the the case was about uh a
meth dealer who was uh wellarmed. So, he
had guns and he was a meth dealer. And I
thought to
myself, what is different between me and
all these other
jurors? The thing that's different is he
could probably figure out who I
am. And if I put him in jail, what
happens when he gets out? He he's going
to know exactly one person who who voted
to put him in jail. I thought that
doesn't seem like the safest thing in
the world. I'd rather be
anonymous. So, that's one of the things
you think about when you're a public
figure is if you do jury duty, the
defendant knows who you are and they
know how to find you. That's not that's
not a comfortable situation. So, I
wouldn't want to be on the Diddy
jury. So, Stephen A. Smith is still
teasing a run for president. I don't
think he's going to do it, but um I I
love the fact he's using the Donald
Trump method where for years he just
keeps teasing like he's going to do it
and it's probably really good for his
ratings and you know his image and
everything. But uh he said uh I believe
that if I did take this very very
seriously and I moved forward and I
decided that I wanted to be a
politician. Do I believe I could win?
You're damn right. Maybe he could, but
he said that the Democratic Party would
need to be quote purged before he could
run as a Democrat. I guess he's a
registered independent, but he would run
as
Democrat. Now, what do you think that
means, purged?
It looks to me like everybody involved
in the Democratic party at the
leadership level is a
negative. If you can name them, in other
words, if you know that their name and
they're a Democrat leader, they're
probably more negative than positive
because they don't have much of a bench
there. So, when he says purged, I think
that would be the top 30 famous people.
He'd have to get rid of all of them
before he'd be willing to run. So, I
don't think he's going to run for
president. There's a new gizmo according
to New Atlas uh that shoots UV light at
your food in your refrigerator and it
will keep your food fresher longer
because the UV light kills whatever
germs it is that spoils your food. And
it made me wonder,
um, I don't know about you, but I like
to have fresh fruit and
stuff. And if you buy, let's say, two or
three different kinds of fresh fruit,
it's hard to eat them before they go
bad. So, couldn't people cut their food
costs
down quite a bit by never having
anything go bad in their refrigerator? I
I feel like you could save money on this
somehow. It's not. So, this thing is uh
it's been invented and it works, but
makes me want my entire refrigerator to
have that UV
light. All right. So, as you know, the
Democrats say that Republicans want to
cut
Medicaid. Um but Trump says he's not
going to cut Medicaid. And you know, the
leaders say we're not going to cut
Medicaid. Maybe just some fraud and
abuse, but we're not going to cut the
benefits. Um, but it turns out that the
people noodling over the budget, the
Republicans noodling over the budget are
looking at maybe capping how much the
federal government covers for the
states. So Medicaid is kind of a state
thing that is partially funded by the
federal government.
And so the
weasels, the uh the weasels in the
Republican party, and it's not all of
them, but we don't know which ones. Some
of these weasels are coming up with an
idea of balancing the budget by just
moving the expense onto the
states. So in other words, they say,
"Well, the most we can pay you
California is this per person, and it
will never go
up." I guess at the moment the federal
government pays for whatever it is. So
whatever the amount is, that's the
actual amount, the federal government
just writes its check for its portion of
it. But if they said, "All right, we're
going to cap it. We'll only pay this
much per person." That would mean that
all the extra costs would move to the
states. And I think to myself, are the
Republicans really going to try that? I
don't think they will, but that would be
the most weasly disgusting thing I've
ever seen.
So, somebody you're saying it's a smart
move. It's not a smart
move because it would just bankrupt the
states and you you know, as a resident,
I'd
still some kind of dog fight going on
outside. As a resident, I would still
have to pay for it. So, if I'm paying
the same amount, I don't care if it's
the federal government. So, this is very
Weasley, but uh I don't see how they get
to any kind of a decent budget without
cutting stuff. And it looks like they
can't cut
stuff. According to the Gateway Pundit,
uh you know your favorite uh New York
attorney general, Leticia James, I guess
she's working with some other attorney
generals, and they're they're going to
come up with a lawsuit against Trump.
And the lawsuit will be to prevent him
from cutting health and human services.
So to prevent him from cutting
healthcare funding.
Don't they need to wait until there's
actually a budget? So, they're planning
to sue him over the cuts that he says
he's not going to
make. Now, that's that's pretty
aggressive. So, good luck, Leticia
James. I think uh she can stay out of
jail with her own problems. That would
be a good success.
Um, apparently one of the things that uh
Doge succeeded at that maybe they'll
never get enough credit is they put it
in a they put in an automated payment
verification system in the
Treasury. So, it used to be that if
somebody submitted something for
payment, they just got paid. There was
nobody checking to see if it was a
legitimate charge. And in the first
first week alone, it blocked
uh 334 million in improper payments. I
got this from the Amuse account on
X. Now, do you does that sound real? Do
you think that in the first week, just
one week, that there were 334 million
improper payments? Or is it more likely
that they might have been, you know, a
mix of proper and improper payments, but
some of them had the wrong code on them
or somebody didn't follow the
rules. I don't know. Uh there've been a
lot of over claims on the Doge stuff, so
I'd be a little careful on that one.
But, you know, as I said, I think the
big benefit of Doge is just the idea
that there should be somebody checking
the expenses and that they'll put
something in in place to do it like
that. Well, there's a uh somebody who
worked on Doge is has granted a startup
um that's going to try to to replace a
bunch of government workers with AI
agents.
So we're we're finally at the point
where that's on the border of being
practical and apparently you would save
some immense amount of money. But the
best thing would be if you had to reach
somebody in the
government instead of that being you
know one person or a limited number of
persons that everybody would be able to
get through to the AI
agent. Did my lights just go off again?
That's so weird.
All right,
fixed. Seems like
poltergeist. Some kind of poltergeist
problem. Anyway, so this uh according to
Wired, they've got an article on it. So,
this could this could be kind of
exciting because it's the right person,
you know, somebody who is involved with
Doge. So, they got to figure out all the
places in the government that you could
put an AI
agent. Could be a big could be a big
money saver. We'll
see. Well, six came in and said some
more
uh fake news on Trump. Well, maybe not
fake news, but let's say news and a
context. Now, remember, I always tell
you that if you know what happened, you
don't know anything. But if you know the
people involved and you know something
about them, then probably you understand
the situation. And here's a perfect
example of that. So Scott P on 60
Minutes uh was interviewing
u a far-left activist judge called Mark
Elias. How many of you are familiar with
that
name? A a lawyer named Mark Elias.
Does that ring any
bells? Um, but he was there to talk
about uh Trump's assault on the legal
profession and how Trump is threatening
the rule of law
itself. So that that was, you know,
basically they used him as their source
to say how bad Trump was and, you know,
going after the rule of law. Now, here's
what they they did not
include, and this this comes from Joel
Pollock. Uh, he posted on X. Elias is
the Russian hoax, Russia hoaxer, plotted
the vote by mail fiasco and the lawfare
against Trump as well as any lawyers who
helped him and that was never mentioned.
Tell me, where was this concern about
targeting lawyers when Trump attorneys
were being bullied and hit with phony
bar complaints? Now, don't you think
that 60 Minutes should have mentioned
that that that Mark Elias is not just
your average
lawyer? He was deeply involved in doing
things that ordinary people think that
looks pretty sketchy.
So, I think that was a big big omission
there. Um, Trump has uh also confirmed
the he was pushing to send US troops
into Mexico to help fight the drug
cartels, but I don't think Mexico said
yes to that, but that uh offer is still
out there. Some people say, "But wait,
we we wanted Trump because he would not
start any wars."
But he was when he was running for
office, he did say he would send the
military into Mexico if he had to. So it
shouldn't be a
surprise. Um he he's been saying it
directly for a while. Well, Trump has a
new proposal. He says that uh he wants
Alcatraz to be reopened
um so that we can put some of our worst
prisoners in there.
Now, this might be his worst idea. he's
ever
had. Cuz Elcatraz is the least efficient
place you could put somebody cuz you
know it's it's in the water. You have to
get there by boat. Uh it's super old so
you couldn't really bring it up to
standards very
easily.
And I don't even know if he's serious to
me. To me it looks like it's one of
those things where he just threw it out
there without too much research or none.
and uh he he's just letting the media
chew on it for a while because if you
check the uh political news, it's
definitely taking up space.
So, I think that all the Democrats are
going to be like, "Oh, we got him now.
He doesn't know that that's a bad
idea." But maybe he does. I don't know.
You know, I'm not going to say his 4D
chess. I think it's more like he just
likes throwing things at the wall and
making the media chase after
it. So apparently uh Alcatraz would hold
fewer than 400 prisoners and of a
population of 1.8 million or so who are
in jail at the moment in the
US. And uh one of the reasons it was
closed in the first place is it cost
about three times as much to run that
prison as other prisons. I don't know if
that changed. So I'm going to say the
Alcatraz idea is a terrible idea, but I
don't know how serious he was. He he
might be just getting the media to talk
about something that's
unimportant. Um the other here's another
thing I'm uncomfortable
with. I I don't know the details, but
apparently many of the Trump family
members are involved with crypto at the
same time that Trump has dismantled a
lot of the
crypto regulatory
structure and at the same time that
he's, you know, I think he's also got
crypto.
And how many of you are okay with
that? cuz it does look like trying to
make money from your office, you know,
the family making money as well. Now, I
think it's all transparent. In other
words, I don't believe anything's
hidden. You know, nobody's trying to
pull one over on you. But and and as far
as I know, it's legal. There's nothing
preventing any of them from doing it.
But doesn't it make you feel
uncomfortable?
I I don't think this is a ideal
situation. I I don't
love Trump being, you know, full crypto
and his family being big on crypto. Uh
without
us, I don't know. It just seems like the
whole area is too sketchy. So, I'm not
I'm not really delighted with that.
Trump also said he's going to order a uh
100% tariff on all movies produced
outside the US because as you know
California in particular has priced
itself out of the movie making business.
It's just too expensive to make movies
in California so nobody does it anymore.
Um but if you do it overseas you can get
a 100%
tariff. And in related news, the mayor
of LA, Karen Bass, uh says she's working
to cut fees and red tape um for people
to make movies in the LA
area and uh looking to triple the tax
subsidy for movie making. I don't know.
Uh, I'm just not entirely sure that
um Trump just didn't end all
movies because if the only place that
you can make the movie is overseas, you
know, go to Canada or something like
that and Trump just made that too
expensive, does that necessarily mean
that people will do it in California,
which is also too
expensive, or does it mean they just
won't make movies?
So, I worry that the current situation
would just make it impossible to make a
movie. So, not that you're missing much
really. Movies are terrible these
days.
Um, so
Trump said something else that is going
to cause the latest hoax.
Uh so he was talking to Kristen Welker
uh CBS News. So this it was the other
day and uh she said your secretary of
state says everyone who's here citizens
and non-citizens deserve due process. Do
you agree? And Trump said I don't know.
I'm not a lawyer. I don't know. And
Welker said don't you need to uphold the
Constitution? And Trump said I don't
know.
Now, that was interpreted by the
Democrat leadership who were all weasels
as he wasn't sure he would want to
uphold the
Constitution. Is that how you interpret
that? That's That's not how I interpret
it. I interpret it as he's going to wait
for the lawyers to tell him what to do
and then he'll do what the lawyers say.
So, he doesn't know. He's not a lawyer.
So, um, does he need to uphold the
Constitution or is it not in the
Constitution? I don't know. And I also
don't know. Is there anything he needs
to do because it's in the
Constitution? Or are there things he
needs to do, but they're not necessarily
in the
Constitution? I don't know. So, he could
have answered that question a little bit
more cleanly, but you know, Chuck
Schumer is already going full hoax on
that. He doesn't want to uphold the
Constitution, which is of course not
what he intended, I'm
sure.
Um, all
right. So, you've heard this before, but
it's being reported again by Liberty
Nation News.
that uh we're we're negotiating with the
UK for new trade deal, but I guess JD
Vance has laid down the uh the rule that
uh we're not going to do a trade deal
unless the UK gets rid of its uh hate
speech rules that affect could affect
Americans. And I am completely for that.
um we shouldn't do any business at all
with any country that's trying to take
away our first amendment rights when
they're not even in our country. They
would just use their foreign influence
to suppress platforms for example and uh
maybe even individuals. So yes, JD
Vance, I think you're on the right path
there.
Well, there's a story which I'm sure to
get wrong about a bill that was being
introduced, but I guess it's been
withdrawn at least this week. It's not
dead, but I think they may have to
clarify it a little bit. It's
HR867 and Thomas Massie and Marjorie
Taylor Green have already said no, no
way. Um,
so you want me to tell you what this new
bill would do? And here's the fun part
of the story. A lot of smart people on X
don't agree on what the bill even
says. So, I'll take a shot at it, but be
aware that everybody who's talked about
it so far seems to have a slightly
different interpretation of what it even
is. So, what are the odds I'm going to
get this right? Low. So, you should put
a low
uh low credibility on my interpretation
of it. Okay.
But what I think it is is they're trying
to make it
um um I won't say criminalized because
it's not being criminalized, but they
would put a financial
penalty on American companies but not
individuals. So this is not about
individuals. This is about companies. if
those companies
um get into a boycott of a foreign
um let's say an ally. Now, everybody
knows that we're really talking about
Israel, but I don't think it mentions
Israel by name.
um if it's organized
by a uh international body of
governments. So in other words, the UN
would be sort of an international body
of bunch of governments. So if the UN
said, "Hey, you need to join a boycott
against
Israel." And then a US company said,
"All right, we're in." then uh if this
bill were passed, they would be uh
penalized
financially. Now, apparently this is not
that big of a change from current law
because my understanding is that current
law
um already bans you from being part of a
boycott that's organized by a foreign
government.
So all this does is take the foreign
government part and say well also if
it's a organization of multiple
governments. So I think that's the only
thing is changing. So it's not changing
anything for an individual. You as an
individual can boycott anybody you want
and you can say anything you want. But
if you were a
business and you take a you take the
lead from another foreign government
that was already uh that was already
something you could be penalized for but
now it's just extended to groups you
know organizations of governments I
guess now because this was so
confusing I think it probably made sense
for them to withdraw
it. It it was it was just a little it
just felt like it was something
else. Now, part of the uh part of the
controversy is that it treats Israel
special even though it doesn't because
it doesn't mention Israel, but everybody
knows that's the only the only ally
that's likely to be
boycotted.
So, so I think that's where Massie and
MTG might be coming from. They might be
coming from why would you take away an
American company's freedom to boycott
anybody they wanted for any reason they
wanted whether it was organized by
another country or organized by another
organization of countries. Why would you
take that right away from them? And I
don't know the answer to that question
but it's good question.
So, but but apparently we have some
precedents because the uh there was
already a penalty if you if you did it
and a foreign government was organizing
it. Anyway,
um there's a new
book that's telling us a little bit more
about Biden's cognitive situation. Now,
I feel like all of these books, the new
ones about, you know, what was really
happening behind the scenes during the
the Biden uh time, I feel like all of
them are some version of trying to make
the authors look like there's a reason
they didn't notice there was something
wrong with his brain.
So, this new book says that uh Biden's
team actually thought of giving him a
cognitive test in February of
2024, but they decided not to because if
they gave him a cognitive test, it would
sort of draw attention to the fact that
maybe he needed a cognitive
test. But at the time, they're still
pretending that people didn't know he
had a problem.
And so the book is uh 2024, how Trump
retook the White House and the Democrats
lost America. So it's coming out in
July. And
um but but I feel like, you know, just
based on some some uh summaries of the
book, it kind of looks like it's trying
to give the writers of the book. There
are three reporters from Washington Post
and uh um Wall Street Journal and the
New York Times. So, three three
reporters. I feel like it's just trying
to give cover. Like it I think the
official story now is that the first
time anybody noticed anything was wrong
is when they were prepping Biden for the
debate that went terribly wrong. and
that besides
that, other than that, nobody noticed
anything wrong. And and watching the the
massive gaslighting that's happening
about this when all of us could see that
there was something wrong with him is
really impressive. I mean, there there's
a lot of work going into covering up the
probably the biggest scandal of uh in
politics in our lifetime. I don't know
if there's a bigger scandal than that.
And they're actually trying to make it
completely go away. Like, well, there
was nothing to see. I mean, you know, we
we didn't notice. Jen Saki said, "I
never noticed anything. I didn't see
anything
wrong." Unbelievable.
Well, Trump also made a little extra
news talking to Kristen Welker, the same
interview that I was
mentioning, and she asked him, "Are are
you uh not ruling out military force to
take Greenland one day?" And Trump said,
"I don't rule it out. I don't say I'm
going to do it, but I don't rule out
anything." Uh, no, not there. We need
Greenland very badly. Greenland is a
very small amount of people which we'll
take care of and we'll cherish
them. That's such a Trump thing to say.
We'll cherish
them and and all of that. He says we'll
cherish them and all of
that. But we need that for international
security. Now, of course, the follow-up
question is do you want to take Canada
by military force? And although Trump
doesn't like to rule anything out, he
definitely ruled that out. Said, "No,
we're we're not going to take Canada by
military
force." I don't think he's going to take
Greenland by military force, but having
the credible threat out there might
cause a little bit of negotiating
um advantage. We'll see.
Well, according to the Defense Post, the
US military is not ready to defend
against drone attacks on our bases. I
guess we've got pretty good offensive
drones, but we don't have much of a
drone
defense. So, if anybody did some massive
drone attacks on our bases, we'd be in
trouble. Um, and there have been uh 350
drone
incursions, meaning over a military
area, I guess, reported over 100 US
military installations in the past year
alone. Now, that doesn't mean that those
are foreign drones. I we probably just
don't know, but that's a lot of
incursions. So, I'd be worried about
that. It's all about the drones.
Um, according to Reuters,
uh, the European Union is going to
announce a road map for getting off of
Russia oil and gas. To which I said,
wait,
what? Are you telling me that the
European Union is still buying Russian
oil and
gas? So, would that mean that they're
funding both sides of the war?
Apparently, uh, Europe's getting around
19% of its gas from Russia. 19%.
Now they're trying to get off it, but
that would very clearly
indicate that the European Union was
funding both sides of the war because
they were, you know, directly funding
Ukraine and then indirectly funding
Russia by buying their by buying their
gas. That to me that sounds so crazy. It
just sounds insane. And I understand it.
I mean, in the real world, you can't not
have gas, and it's not easy to make a
change, and if Russia's willing to sell
it to you, well, what are you going to
do?
But like, if you ever thought that war
was
stupid, this is the best war is stupid
anecdote you'll ever have, that the
European Union was funding both sides of
the
war. Oh my
god. Anyway,
Uh Sam Harris is in the news
again. He said this. If Trump isn't a
Russian asset, one wonders how he could
do a better impression of one. He's
doing exactly what Putin would
want. Doesn't Trump have massive
sanctions on
Russia? Didn't Trump sell the first
deadly weapons to Ukraine long before
the invasion?
Um, didn't Trump just make a mineral
deal with Ukraine that presumably it was
not very popular with
Putin? H
um, it doesn't look to me like he's
uh he's doing everything that Putin
wants, but uh, poor Sam Harris.
I I just worry about him because he just
looks it looks like mental illness is
what it looks like.
Um but uh I can't I can't uh
uh send Oh, I'm just looking at a post
coming through from the Amuse account.
Uh according to the Amuse account,
uh the E the EU is sending more money to
Russia each year than it sends to
Ukraine.
because of the purchase of
energy.
Wow. All right. Well, uh so I don't
think that that holds up,
but but I don't think uh also that we're
going to be negotiating negotiating any
kind of a peace deal with Russia and
Ukraine. I think they're just going to
have to fight it
out. Well, the Hudis have uh taken it up
a level. You know, they sent a missile
into Israel the other day and it uh and
it exploded near the Bengorian airport
and now their Hoodi spokesperson
um is saying that uh they're basically
trying to close down
Israel in terms of airspace. So they
want to make it too dangerous for
anybody to fly into or out of Israel.
And they're vowing repeated strikes on
airports to enforce their
siege.
Now are are the hoodies just sort of
asking for
it? Apparently the continuous bombing by
the United States is just making them,
you know, more likely to be bad. So, I
guess it doesn't help at all to attack
them that they're just taking it up a
level.
And it doesn't Israel have to attack
them
now? I mean, if if they succeed in
making a commercial aircraft not want to
land in
Israel, doesn't Israel have to just wipe
out the hoodies cuz they can't really
live there as a country with some other
country closing their
airports. I mean, I think they're going
to have to go pretty hard at the hoodies
or if the United States doesn't do it
for them. Anyway, so Israel has already
threatened to respond sevenfold. This is
according to Al
Jazera. Um Trump says what he wants from
the Iran deal is a total dismantling of
the Iran nukes. Um but he's open
to Iran having a civilian nuclear
energy. As long as they're not refining
the doing any refining, just getting the
materials from foreign countries. I
guess that would be safer.
um his goal is total
dismantlement. Do you think that's going
to
happen? Do you think Iran is going to
agree to um just have
commercial commercial nuclear
power? I don't I don't think so. I feel
like Iran is just sort of tapping along.
But here's something I wasn't expecting.
Um, Senator
Fedterman is all in for an attack on
Iran. He posted on X, "We cannot
negotiate with Iran. It's time to
destroy their nuclear program and
neutralize the remaining capabilities of
its proxies. I remain steadfast with
Israel, provide whatever is necessary to
carry this
out." Now, does that sound like he's our
senator, or does that just sound like
he's working for Israel?
You know, I hate to be the I hate to be
the guy who says, "Oh, our politicians
are, you know, just working for Israel,
but why would he talk like
this? He's talking exactly like he's
just a politician in Israel."
Um, I'll tell you, I I definitely don't
trust him after this because I had to I
had kind of a positive opinion of him
because he was sort of common sensical,
but he doesn't seem to be America
first.
Uh, this this definitely looks like
Israel
first. So, I don't know.
you put that in your uh
Federman box
and evaluate it any way you
want. Well, according to the Wall Street
Journal, Israel's uh security cabinet
voted to uh approve new ground
operations in Gaza that would include
occupying the Gaza Strip.
Now, the way it's written, it would
suggest that the Israeli military and
other resources would essentially occupy
and be in control on the ground in
Gaza, but they're still acting like the
civilian population of Gazins would
still be there. I'm not sure that's the
intention.
I I've got a feeling that at some point
uh Israel will clear out all the tunnels
because, you know, they have to have
some presence there to actually get rid
of the tunnels and the last of Hamas.
But then it's going to be way too
dangerous to let anybody back in because
there'll be all so much toxic everything
because everything's destroyed. So, I've
got a feeling that the next play will be
that uh well, we can't let the residents
come back right away because it's going
to take a few years to clean this up. We
better find some other place to put them
in another
country. I just don't see the Gaza
residents ever going back to Gaza. I I
think Israel is just going
to control it and depopulate it and then
build back something. And I don't know
who's going to be there, but it won't be
the Hamas loving population that was
there. Um, that's just my
guess. I've got some questions about the
trade negotiations with
China. One of our problems with China
trade is that they steal our IP. You
know, they steal our ideas and they
steal our technology and stuff. And I
thought, if that's one of the big things
that we need to get
fixed, how could that possibly be
fixed? Because I don't believe there's
any
mechanism. I I don't think there's a
court that we would trust that wouldn't
just be, you know, Chinese puppet court.
Um, how would we ever build a system
that we were satisfied that would
prevent China from stealing our
IP? What would stop them from doing it?
the because mostly I think they would
just say we don't do that. I think
that's the best you're going to get. Oh
no, we'd never do that. No, no. Oh,
okay. Maybe one company did that. Oh,
no. Oh, no. Uh, a second company did it.
Well, yeah, we'll tell them to cut that
out. I don't think that's solvable.
So unless you built some like
international body that China was
willing to give up some sovereignty to
and I can't imagine that happening and
if it were a Chinese court let's say
China said all right we'll start we'll
start our own court that only handles
these IP
complaints. Would you ever trust
it? because the Chinese court would
probably rule for the Chinese company
every time. So, to me, this seems
unsolvable. Um, I feel like we just have
to run away and just get out of
China. We'll
see. All right.
Um, and then they're also China's also
talking about the
fentinel. I don't believe that's real
either. I I think China just wants to
act like they're doing something like
they have before and just keep the
fentinel flowing.
So, I think that that's probably a
non-starter.
I don't know if we could ever reach a
deal with China. I if we're if we're
serious about fentinel and we're serious
about the theft of
IP, I don't know what that would even
look like. You know, it's easy to
imagine a deal that has to do with
tariffs because you just say, "Okay,
whatever your tariff is, that'll be our
tariff, too." Or something like that.
But these other things are actually
unsolvable because China would have no
interest in solving them whatsoever. And
so they could just pretend they were
doing something and not do
anything. So that's all I got for
today. It's a it's a weird day in the
news. Um I'm going to say a few words
privately to the subscribers on locals
and the rest of you. Thanks for joining.
We'll see you same time tomorrow if
you're on X or Rumble or
YouTube. And locals come at you
privately.