[Music]
hey everybody come on in come on in
we've got things to talk about
yeah today the fourth of July oh yeah it
is happy fourth of July
do you know the last time I knew what
day the week it was or what time - the
month it was it was a long time ago or
as I said to Christina just yesterday
can you remind me when we're supposed to
get married I have this calendar problem
so this is a lifelong problem but anyway
I know why you're here
yeah yep it's for all the fun in the
simultaneous hip and all you need is a
cup of under glass of tanker chelators
sign they can't injector flasks a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparalleled pleasure the dopamine
head of the day the thing that makes
everything including the coronavirus
better it's called the simultaneous if
it happens now go mmm here's a question
for you just to blow your mind you want
your mind blown have you noticed that it
seems like when there's one crisis in
the news and that's the focus of the
news all the other problems go away
you notice that do you see a lot of
people complaining about climate change
now so much and that's a little lesson
for you on how this objective your
experiences because if we did not have a
corona virus and we did not have
whatever the protests are about we would
have the same amount of fear about
something else your fear would just be
transported into a new vehicle
and you know we have this fresh new fira
coronavirus we don't have to talk about
climate change for a while but climate
change will be back it will be the most
important thing in the world again
someday
as soon as we get past this alright
let's let's check to see how our
prediction and suggestion records look
in the beginning of the coronavirus who
told you that maybe we should move the
restaurants outside into the streets for
the summer probably be and you see
restaurants all over the country moving
into the streets and outside who told
you that there would it would be great
to have outdoor movie theaters again
probably I'm the first person who told
you that and their Walmart is
transforming 160 of its parking lots
into summer outdoor movie theaters yay
who was home you know that I told you to
close travel before a week before the
President did from China you know that I
told you the experts were lying to you
about masks the first time I heard it
but here's some more remember I told you
that hydroxychloroquine whether it
worked or not was a good risk management
decision that still looks like what's
right
I would say this latest study and of
Detroit the one that's on the news that
says it's that hydroxychloroquine works
I would say it's a little early for that
if you're relying on that study to say
well it's over now it looks like it
works yeah that's too early the odds of
that study being debunked in the future
probably over 75 percent so whether or
not hydroxychloroquine works or does not
work this latest study that says it
works will almost certainly be debunked
but that doesn't tell you whether it
works or not that's the world we're in
but in terms of a risk management
decision I think it already looks like
it was strong
because I doubt it's hurting anybody
here's a question that was asked how
many people died because the the news
treated hydroxychloroquine like poison
because President Trump was promoting it
think about that you might actually be
able to do the math and figure out how
many people were killed by the
illegitimate nudists business right you
could actually do the math now your
estimate would be you know subject to
lots of uncertainty but let me put a
number on it if the if it's true this
latest study is true that it cut the
mortality rate in half which would be a
big claim I'm not sure that that will
stand up over time but let's say it did
this is the way the news would report
the story if the if this were reversed
and President Trump is the only one who
was saying don't use it and the
mainstream media had been saying yes use
it it's worth the risk if this had been
reversed the story would be this if the
President had gone the other way we
might have saved 20,000 American lives
right because you know over a hundred
and 120,000 people have died the United
States from coronavirus if you could cut
that in half now it wouldn't get to
every person obviously we there's a
supply problem and blah blah blah so you
wouldn't necessarily get to use the
medication on everybody so it's not like
you'd cut the entire death rate in half
but let's say it would have made a
difference we're talking about 20,000
people that were killed by the news
think about it think about the fact that
if the hydroxychloroquine study holds up
and again I would say that's probably
not going to happen but let's say that
hydroxychloroquine does turn out to be
good and useful that's all we'd be
talking about we wouldn't be talking
about anything except how the President
had killed 20,000 people with bad advice
but
he's probably saved you know 20,000
people if they took it and otherwise
they might not have whereas the news may
have killed 20,000 people but you won't
see that in the news because the news
the news does not indict the news so
it's a it's a neat little situation the
only thing better it would be a doctor
because if you're a doctor and you make
a mistake you could just bury it right
yeah it's like well I'll just bury this
mistake but if you're the news you can
kill 20,000 people with intentional fake
news and just don't report it you just
don't report it just like it didn't
happen
that's convenient so what else did I get
right at the very beginning what was one
of the first things I told you that's
right vitamin D do you remember that I
told you at the very beginning make sure
you get some Sun and vitamin D because
it's gonna make a difference that was a
generic statement based the fact that
vitamin D is just generally good for you
and your immune system but did I not
also before you heard it anywhere say it
looks to me that there's this weird
correlation which I just noticed in the
wild I was just looking at the situation
and said what is it about this group of
people that are susceptible and so I
started googling because I had a
hypothesis that it was that so I said to
myself first african-american people
seem to be getting coronavirus worse
google african-american vitamin D yep
they get less of it for obvious reasons
their skin color makes a little harder
to absorb so I think that's the reason I
actually I don't know if that's the
reason but it would be one of them and
then I said huh
what about the countries that are doing
worse and I google it and what about
people who have diabetes and I google it
and basically the correlation really
held so today there's a report that
there was a study that found out that
the vitamin D is very highly correlated
with the death rate of coronavirus now
that doesn't necessarily
they really mean that if you boosted
your vitamin D you'd do better but all
common sense says yes so again the
correlation looks really strong based on
this one study which could be wrong
tomorrow
when there's another study but looks
like I was right about that too so if
you're keeping score if you had done
everything that the idiot cartoonist
told you to do about your health you
would be way ahead of what the news told
you what the experts told you and all of
your doctors that's just a fact
sorry you know I can't I'm not going to
tell you that I could do this the next
time there's a the next time there's a
crisis that doesn't mean that I'm gonna
be right every single time again but
it's starting to look like a pattern
doesn't it if you had trusted me on most
things you're you know you wouldn't be
right every time of course but you'd be
way ahead does anybody know what the net
deaths are for this year so one of the
things I predicted which I think I'm
going to be wrong about but maybe not I
don't know I want to see the numbers it
doesn't seem to you that the number net
deaths in the United States is being
suppressed because you know that the
protests are being suppressed right so
the news is no longer are showing the
news the news is becoming a decision
maker for what you can see that's sort
of turned into that so we don't see the
protests because obviously they're
trying to reduce the impact of the
protests so the news is not so much
reporting it as making the news that
they're creating the situation by
actively trying to suppress the protests
just by not covering them but likewise
it seems to me that the number of net
deaths for this part of the year would
be the most prominent thing you would
see right don't you think you should be
seeing just about every day on the news
if this were a normal year here's how
many deaths we would
on average this many per month but
because it was the coronavirus year the
number is twenty thousand a week higher
than normal or something or whatever the
number is ask yourself why you don't see
that number every day ask yourself why
you don't see that number every day it's
because we were being manipulated so
whoever makes these decisions I don't
think it's like one person who's
deciding the whole new cycle but the
people who decide what you see have
decided that you shouldn't see that yes
I may be using the wrong term somebody
in the comments is saying do excess
deaths not net deaths that's probably
the better term so excess deaths meaning
compared to the normal baseline and how
many people died that you would not have
expected in a normal year and then you
assume that most of them are coronavirus
but not necessarily yeah so you do see
the number of deaths total total for
coronavirus but you don't see excess
deaths every day is that because it's
high or because it's low ask yourself
this why don't you know the most
important question in the country or the
world really what's the most important
question in the world are excess deaths
more or less that there would be you
know is there any excess deaths at all I
guess you don't even know you don't even
know it's the most important number in
the world
does anybody know of course yeah it's
it's a gatherer of old number obviously
what's up with that every time you see
something like that that's now reported
you have to ask yourself is that a
decision did somebody say we don't want
people to know this maybe don't know
so Trump gave a speech last night
probably you heard and the first thing I
did was I tried to watch the speech
without the benefit of any commentary so
I like to watch it and say to myself
alright
what are the what is this basically to
think of it and that I try to put myself
in the other had to say okay what is
what is the other team gonna think of
this now the other team is easy you just
say oh they're gonna take stuff out of
context and say it's dark and evil and
racist right but kind of easy you didn't
have to actually hear the speech to know
what the criticism would be am i right
you did not need to hear the speech to
write any of the criticisms that appear
today look at the criticisms you tell me
that you could not have written all of
the criticisms before he gave the speech
because they're sort of generic to
pundits have so far used the word dark I
wrote about this and wouldn't Begley and
I talked about it in the 2016 cycle that
there was a persuader who I speculated
was Robert shel Dini himself the
greatest persuader or expert who wrote
the book influence and persuasion so you
would be considered a sort of the gold
standard for influencers and when when
everybody on the Democrat side in 2016
started using the word dark about
Trump's speech at the convention I said
there it is that's the mark that word
dark does not come from normal political
people this looks like an outside
adviser because that's that's a
weapons-grade persuasion that you just
don't see from the regular political
advisers and it turns out that Jill Dini
refused to he had a no comment when
asked if it was him no but nobody would
no comment on that unless it was
actually them all right who in the world
would if you said did you give this
specific piece of advice to the
president who in the world would say no
comment
you would only say that if he did if you
didn't you'd say now that wasn't me
right because why would you yeah unless
you were just like the worst liar in the
world or something all right
so we think that dark was probably given
to the Democrats back in 2016 I've
already seen it twice this year
like they're trotting it out to see if
it'll it'll work but I don't know it
doesn't seem to have any purchase yet so
what I picked out was that Trump used
the phrase bad evil people to talk about
the ones who are causing trouble and
taking down statues that were you're not
even Confederate statues etc and I said
ah there it is that's the quote this see
then will take care of context and sure
enough was that Mary yeah marianne
williamson so she was the first one to
take it out of context and say this he
is in her tweet she said about the
president speech he is pausing all those
who don't agree with him as evil people
who are enemies of America nothing like
that happened if you watch the speech
the the president's words were extremely
clear we are all we're all Americans
unifying we're all Americans and there
were these some troublemakers were
knocking down statues and he's
condemning them the exact opposite of
what Mary Ann Williams has says is that
he's positing that all those who don't
agree with them are evil people not even
close to anything like that happened in
the speech nothing close to that
literally the direct opposite of this
but if somebody didn't see the speech
what would they think if he hadn't seen
the speech you'd think well you know
maybe maybe he said something like that
no you said exactly the opposite of that
here's what so here's the other thing I
was looking for I was looking for
whether the president hit a nerve in
other words everything is a giant test
of yeah about this message how about
this statement how about the way I
framed this everything in a campaign is
a continuous test to see if you got the
right message that hit hit a nerve and
sometimes you can't tell if you hit a
nerve unless you see the reaction of the
people you're trying to move
and let me let me read this reaction to
you from Erin Roop our who is a notable
anti-trump er so this is his comment
about Trump speech he said Trump offers
some remarkably overheated rhetoric
interesting alright so the first thing
you should note is that Rupert is
calling the president's rhetoric
overheated alright just hold that
thought and he said and he's quoting the
president saying the president said
there is a new far-left fascism that
demands absolute Allegiance this
left-wing cultural revolution is
designed to overthrow the American
Revolution alright so Rupert is pointing
out that this is overheated rhetoric and
of the things he wanted to point out for
a criticism he wanted to point out that
this was going too far to say that the
left was trying to demand absolute
allegiance and that they were trying to
overthrow the American Revolution here's
what I think I think that hit a nerve I
you know all of this is very subjective
but I'm going to tell you that based on
all of my lifetime of experience with
persuasion I think Aaron Rupert is
telling us directly please don't do more
of this that's what it feels like it
feels like it's true enough there're new
part is trying to brush it back and say
uh no this is bad better don't say that
anymore it feels like he knows a nerve
has been hit now of course there's a big
difference between saying there are some
troublemakers versus saying it's all the
Democrats they're all troublemakers
there's a difference but if the
Democrats are sort of supporting the
team that are the small group of
troublemakers you can sell the argument
pretty well you can sell the argument
that they're all the same on the left as
long as the left won't condemn them and
does support them in
their actions would you say that the
left does support the small group of
people who are taking down statues and
and whatever do they support them
do they even support the looters yeah
they do they even support the looters by
being very vocal about not wanting force
being used you know to being the anti
police in the sense I think that Trump
hit a nerve
now I'm going to tell you some things
that I don't think he did right in a
moment but on this one because remember
everything's an a/b test you're not
trying to hit winners you're not trying
to hit homeruns every time you're trying
to get that one that goes beep-beep-beep
this is the one this is the one and I
think Aaron rooper who reads the room
well in other words he understands his
you know his side of things and isn't
involved in politics so I would say that
his censer is probably pretty well tuned
you know that's not to say I agree with
what he says I'm just saying that he is
sensitive to the situation he can read
the room and I think he's afraid of this
attack because I feel like he thinks
it's too close so did you notice that
something seemed to happen in the last
48 hours when the president basically I
forget his exact term for black lives
matter but he basically said it was a
you know violent hate group or something
I think he said a hate group you saw
that I tweeted that black lives matter
is a violent racist group
I got 10,000 retweets I got 10,000
retweets from people not all of them not
all of them were anonymous right so
Twitter isn't just anonymous people I
got 10,000 retweets calling black lives
matter a violent racist group do you
know have any retweets I get on a normal
retweet that does pretty well a thousand
it was about probably 5 to 10 times
bigger response on something that you
wouldn't expect people to
then stick their head above the foxhole
on I mean I thought I would you know had
a good chance of getting canceled just
for tweeting it right it was
controversial enough that I thought I
might you know might be the end of my
career the day I tweeted it and ten
thousand people retweeted that all right
so it is obvious now that this attack is
hitting a nerve I think that the left
understands they went too far and I
think they know that they overshot the
mark and I think they know that their
brand is now lawlessness and support for
the complete destruction of the United
States now is that overrated over heated
rhetoric for me to say that the left
wants the complete destruction of the
United States well actually not that's
the problem the problem is that it's not
overheated rhetoric because black lives
matter and their supporters and antiphon
especially they say directly they want
to dismantle the entire system you can't
tweak the patriarchy it's not a tweak
fix
it's a dismantle and they use the words
now if black lives matter uses the words
dismantle the system and they have
demonized white people quite directly as
the racist and white supremacists and
slave owners is it too far to say that
they would seek retribution the moment
that they felt safe in doing it and
hunting down people like me did you see
what happened when I I said in public
that that Trump supporters might be
hunted down and you could be dead in a
year if if if Biden wins it wasn't
because Biden and regular Democrats were
going to hunt down anybody I'm not
suggesting that you know or an ordinary
middle-of-the-road
Democrat is going to look for revenge
against Republicans or anything no no
all they have to do is give cover for
the groups that will which they're
they're doing quite plainly right now
you don't have to wonder if most
Democrats
we'll give cover for the few Democrats
who are causing the trouble because
we're watching it is happening right in
front of you you don't have to wonder
how that would play out of course they
would would they do everything that they
could do to protect Trump voters in a
Biden administration no no there's no
indication that they would lift a finger
to protect anybody who wasn't their own
team there's nothing that would indicate
that's the case you've never heard one
bit of rhetoric from the left that they
would protect Trump the voters have you
have you ever heard one person left say
if I'm president or or even just the way
I think should think should be is that
people should leave Trump voters alone
have you heard anybody saying anybody
one time a celebrity politician in the
house Senate candidate for president
have you heard anybody on the left or
even in the news say you know people we
should not demonize regular Trump voters
they just have a preference that's
different from yours have you ever heard
it not once that is approval there's no
way that that could be interpreted
anything but approval so it's silent
approval but approval nonetheless so
here's what I think happened the moment
that the president and people like me
you know less impact in my case the
moment that the president was willing to
say in public directly the black lives
matter is a hate organization and we're
not that we're going to put him in jail
for knocking down our statues 10-year
prison sentence for knocking out a I
guess maybe a federal statute I think
that the left realized they overplayed
the hand I don't think the left
understood that people on the right are
legitimately afraid because they've said
it directly they want to dismantle the
country if you want to dismantle the
country you are saying I want to destroy
everything now normally normally in a
situation up like this I would say no no
no they don't
destroy everything they just want a
different system you know transition to
something that works better that's not
what's happening the the loudest voices
in the black lives matter don't want to
transition anything they just want to
blow it up there's no new plan there's
no plan it tell me if you've seen one
has somebody drawn up the the way the
government will look without all the
systemic racism have you seen that
blueprint there is them they only have a
they only have a plan for destruction
that's explicit it's not an
interpretation to prove me wrong you
just have to show me their plan for what
it should look like when they're done if
you can show me the plan that's what it
looks like when they're done yeah this
is this is the world we're trying to
build it would look a little bit more
like this if that exists well then I'm
certainly wrong but it doesn't it
doesn't exist and it won't exist because
they're not they're not in the building
business they're in the destruction
business so here's what I think happened
I think that the Democrats realized they
overplayed their hand and they're trying
to walk it back without looking like
they're walking it back so the more that
any of you are willing to say that black
lives matter is a violent racist
organization with lots of people who
have good intentions so when I talk
about black lives matter it's a very
diverse group which is the good news
right so that's the one good news about
anything is that if you can get any
diversity to agree out anything you know
maybe that's good unless you're leading
the revolution that you don't understand
which would be bad so lots of people
within the movement are just
well-meaning people who got caught up in
something they didn't quite know what
they were getting into how many people
who are supporting and marching with
black lives matter understand that their
entire way of life in the United States
would surely be destroyed if black lives
matter got what it wanted
how many of the protesters understand
that maybe not
I've said it before this is the what
there's one group in the country maybe
the world that you can criticize and
nobody can fault you for it like you you
can't make fun of people for their
appearance or ethnicity their gender and
I don't suggest that you do you know I'm
happy that those things are largely off
the table but there's one group that we
can all mock mercilessly and I hope
you'll join me in it it's young people
and the reason you can mock young people
is because either you are one I mean
there are only two conditions if you're
alive you either are a young person or
you used to be one so you do have a
right to mock young people because it's
you you used to be one you know how
smart you were when you were twenty and
you know how smart you were when you're
40 if you're 40 or over and it's not
very close it might it might feel like
it's it should be close to what you're
twenty when you're twenty you're pretty
sure you've got the context now you're
like all right I'm as smart as I'll ever
be
IQ wise which might actually be true but
you don't know very much about context
and framing and how much you've been
manipulated and how you've been
brainwashed your entire life but it
might take you another ten years to
figure it out so we have a revolution
that's being led by and I say this with
love our dumbest citizens on average
dumbest meaning young all right there's
no ethnicity and what I'm saying I'm
only talking about young is always less
informed than more experienced is just a
fact of life so here we have a group of
people who are leading this thing they
went way too far they have convinced the
people on the right that they mean it
let me ask you this do you think there
are any people on the right who are
preparing to leave the country because
they think it's all good
that society itself will be ripped apart
yes there are people on the right who
are smart
and they're not crazy people whatsoever
we're planning to leave the country
because they think that the left will
actually become a violent mob but that
will destroy whatever is here and
there's nothing that can stop it now I
don't think that's the case I'm not in
that camp but the left has gone so far
that people are considering moving the
country out of the country and I'm not
talking about the people who said if
Donald Trump is elected I'll move to
Canada none of that was serious I'm
talking about people were actually
making plans to get their self the
out of this country
because the black lives matter people
and the protesters in anti-shah appear
to be unstoppable if nobody's willing to
stop them and there doesn't seem to be a
willingness to stop them now I don't
agree with that I think things will far
more likely just revert to something
close to normal in a few months in my
opinion the only reason any of this is
happening is a weird coincidence and the
weird coincidence is that coronavirus
made it necessary to wear masks at the
same time that people wanted to protest
and it wouldn't it be convenient if you
could wear a mask alright so if we did
not have this weird mask coincidence
which is the weirdest coincidence you
have to wear a mask and by the way you
might be protesting wouldn't that be
convenient so so it is by its nature
something that would not be a long-term
problem if we can contain it which I
think we will which is why the news is
now actively managing the protests to
decrease them let me ask you this if the
people who ran the mainstream news which
of course is corrupt and nothing like
news anymore it's just fake news it's
just straight-up propaganda if the
propagandists who do what what looks
like news if they thought that the
showing the protests were good for their
side wouldn't you see a lot more of it
have you noticed that they stopped
coverage of the protests and and doesn't
your common sense say if these protests
were bad for Trump
I think we'd see a lot more of them
just a lot more footage and stuff so
you're definitely being manipulated by
the news all right if you didn't know
that here's a really good mind spinner
so Elaine Maxwell the co-conspirator
with Epstein as you know got picked up
and Alan Dershowitz wrote a fascinating
article about that situation now of
course he used the situation to defend
himself against allegations that he was
you know with some young woman and if
you've ever seen one of the top you know
lawyers of all time
defend himself it's really worth looking
at it's worth looking at just to see how
well he makes his argument it's just
every time I read Dershowitz I just go
wow that was really well done even even
if you don't like his point of view you
end up going okay that's really skillful
and he did it again
so he writes this article in which he is
noting that a lot of the people who have
testified the the young women who have
these horrific stories of things that
happened with Epstein and on the island
Dershowitz very persuasively points out
that they have been what would you say
discovered to be Liars at the highest
level in other words we know they made
up stories about other people being on
the island because you can check the
record and you can know for sure that
they weren't there when these witnesses
were claiming it was all happening so
Dershowitz is explanation of the
witnesses being completely unreliable I
mean as unreliable as anything could be
let me tell you how unreliable it would
be imagine if you had a person who
claimed he saw a murder on his front
lawn well the first time happened you'd
say well we don't see any signs of a
murder but we're going to treat this
seriously because you reported a murder
and then in the end they say all right
it looks like nobody got murdered on
lon and then you call the police the
next week can you say another person got
murdered on my lawn
well maybe you take you seriously you'd
say sounds a little familiar but we'll
check it out and again nobody got murder
doesn't long play back the video it's
obvious there was nothing happening on
the log the third time you call and say
somebody just got murdered on my front
lawn what did the police say they say
well maybe work it out yourself right so
if you've been caught and then the exact
lie of the type that is on the table
that is the lowest level of credibility
you can have you're not just somebody
who in some general way is undependable
you're someone who is specifically
undependable on this exact question and
it's been proven that's the lowest level
of credibility you could actually have
you can't get lower you lie on this
exact question and we know it it's
proven so Dershowitz makes the case that
the witnesses that sound when you see
them out of context and by the way I
watched I watched the Epstein movie on
Netflix which threw Dershowitz under the
bus pretty hard with you know I and
allegations against him in that film and
Dershowitz tells the story of giving
them all of the background information
that was exculpatory some of the same
stuff he mentions in the article he gave
it to Netflix a complete defense then my
opinion is actually really strong I mean
really strong I wasn't there I don't
know what happened I'll never know what
happened but I'm just looking at the
defense based on real facts that could
be checked facts you could check
yourself he gave two to Netflix and they
didn't put it in the film they didn't
put it in the film think about that they
threw Alan Dershowitz under the bus
accused him of being a sex criminal and
the the accusers have a record according
to Dershowitz of being Liars on this
exact thing accusing other people that
we know
sure of words there how do you not
include that how do you not include that
really what kind of world are you living
in we're at the exculpatory information
they just ignore like it wasn't there so
the the level of evil that requires is
just mind boggling
anyway I don't think that ghilane
Maxwell is innocent by any means but
when you you cedar she would set it up
say well he basically is argument
assessed that he's not saying anything
about Maxwell because he doesn't know so
he's saying I don't know anything that
she did I didn't observe anything wrong
but here's the context all of the
accusers have been proven liars on these
very accusations I mean this type of
accusation not the specific ones against
her that's a really strong argument you
know there's no I can't even imagine a
jury that could convict on that unless
so you know unless the video appears or
something later all right so don't be
surprised don't be surprised if ghilane
Maxwell does not get convicted of
anything and the other possibility is
apparently there was some kind of a plea
deal when Epstein originally went went
to jail I don't know one of those times
there's some kind of an existing plea
deal that might give Maxwell immunity
but it's sort of untested she might have
immunity there might be she might not go
to jail at all think about that all
right here's the worst idea I've ever
heard in my entire life they're going to
play the black national anthem before
the NFL games and then do the regular
national anthem prior now of course one
understands why they're doing it or
they're trying to do the best they can
to satisfy not only their their players
but their fans and it's just a tough
situation all right so I feel bad for
the NFL because there's just no way to
win they just don't have a they just
don't have a winning play but I think
they found the worst
the solution because how do you feel if
you are let's say a football watcher and
you see an alternate national anthem the
alternate national anthem now they're
referring to it as a black national
anthem but let's take the black out you
just heard there's a an alternative
national anthem for a subset of America
how does that make you feel does it make
you feel like an American now that
there's two national anthems it doesn't
matter if it's a black national anthem
it could be the woman national anthem
could be the you know LGBTQ national
anthem it doesn't matter what subset of
Americans were talking about this might
be one of the worst ideas I've ever seen
from a business I feel like the NFL is
going to have the lowest ratings they'll
ever have unless people are so starved
for entertainment that they watch anyway
I guess it's a wild card because people
are just starved for entertainment so
maybe it'll be the highest ratings ever
had but they might people might tune in
you know ten minutes after the game
starts does not watch it now what's my
personal feeling about it is I don't get
worked up about you know symbols I don't
care about flags and flag burnings I
don't care about national anthems I
don't care about kneeling and I don't
care about statues too much just
generally speaking if you're talking
about symbolism I don't just work it out
work it out among yourselves if yeah if
there are Americans who care deeply
about these symbols and they want to mix
it up with you know verbally mix it up
with other people who have a different
opinion I just I'm just going to watch
the show wherever it comes out statues
yes that's just know I'm gonna be fine
with it either way I just can't get
invested in something so ridiculous so
personally I'm not invested in any of it
I don't think football is important I
don't think it should be played by the
way I think football should be banned
you know because they had an injuries
especially for children maybe for adults
you let them take the chance but
certainly I would ban football for
children
that's another another story so I think
the NFL is shooting themselves in the
foot with this but we'll see but it
could turn out to be brilliant we'll see
here's something that's a worrisome
trend self the self defense is starting
to look illegal now did you know that
didn't you have a pretty good idea in
your head what self defense look like
and you thought you knew what it was it
started to get murky and I'm worried
that the the the realm of what we would
call self defense is shrinking so that
the angry mobs can get at you a little
bit better let me give you an example so
apparently I don't have an update on
this but the last I knew the McCloskey
is the couple who were the the gun
wielding couple in their big house that
they protected against the crowd
apparently there is still being
considered for charges are you kidding
me they are still being considered for
maybe being charged with a crime for
simply having guns to to at least have
some defense against the scrap no I
don't know if it was because the wife
pointed her gun does that make a
difference I'm not a lawyer and maybe it
varies by state but where exactly was
the crime that was as self-defense ii as
anything i've ever seen in my life there
were lawyers for god sakes they knew
what a crime is they're lawyers they
know what a crime is they weren't trying
to commit a crime that's for sure and
then i heard another one today about
that there's a question about what
police should do or really what anybody
should do let's say the mobs surround
your car if the mob surrounds your car
they start breaking the windows and
there's even somebody with a gun and you
know they shot somebody in a car so it's
like the worst scariest situation but
the mob is all around your car what can
you do in self-defense
can you drive forward at the risk of
hitting people when you know you would
hit
can you drive slowly can you give them
like warnings and like you know sharp
little moves forward to get them out of
the way but if you hit somebody you're
still liable and you go to jail even the
question of your car surrounded by
people you're not allowed to just drive
through them even if they're attacking
your car and and the fact that that's
even a question are you kidding me
that's a question well let me let me say
if somebody attacks
does somebody surrounds my car I'm gonna
drive forward if there's somebody in
front of my car they will be they will
be killed or injured but I'm gonna do it
I'm not going to sit there with a crowd
that's beating on my car and threatening
me I'm gonna drive forward and I'm gonna
take out anybody who's in front of me
and I'm not gonna even think twice about
it I'm not even gonna feel guilty about
it
I'm gonna look in my rearview mirror and
see brains spilled on that on that the
road behind me I'm not gonna have a
nightmare about that I'm not even gonna
have PTSD about that all right
that's that's just me but let me let me
say it again if you put me on a jury in
this country I am NOT going to convict
anybody for what looks like self-defense
moreover if it's a gray area they're not
going to be convicted by me put me on a
jury if it even looks a little bit
self-defense II in the context of these
big crowds I'm not talking about a
normal crime right a normal crime you
have to look at each one individually
but in the context of these protests if
somebody does something that's even
arguably a little bit self-defense II
they're good with me good with me
because here's what I don't expect of my
fellow citizens I don't expect you to be
speed lawyers in an emergency you're
probably not a lawyer and if you were
you don't have much time to think I'm
not going to ask you to be a legal
scholar while a crowd is ascending on
you
if the crowd ascends on you this is
Scott's rule let me
out there are you ready this is Scots
law I'm just making this up now Scots
law says that if the crowd comes after
you there's nothing you can't do to
defend yourself
got it there's nothing you can't do to
defend yourself if a crowd threatens you
that's Scots law put me on the jury
let's say the crowd comes in and they're
chanting things and they surround you
and you pull that a machine gun and you
you you you killed 27 people
self-defense self-defense that's just me
you can do anything you want it's a free
country so far a little less free than
it used to be but if it's made you could
take out a machine gun and you could
take care of the entire crowd that's
threatening you and you could even
finish off the people who are on the
ground suffering and I would still still
say looks like self-defense to me I know
because you don't know if those people
on the ground we're gonna get up right I
mean you're not some expert on military
or defense so if a civilian gets
surrounded that's just me I don't
recommend that you do that because
taking self-defense recommendations for
me would be a certain way to get you
killed just telling you my attitude so I
think we've reached the point where the
slippery slope has met the wall slippery
slope meet wall I'm we are all able to
say now that black lives matter is a
violent racist organization now by the
way that's not an opinion that's
actually black lives matters self
branding you saw Hawk Newsom a head of
the black lives he's the leader in black
lives matter in New York which is
obviously an important and important
branch of black lives matter and he said
on television I think you said it more
than once recently that they do not sq
violence that you know they'll be
peaceful if they can get what they want
but if they can't get it through peace
violence is on the table and you said it
you said it directly
I'm not interpreting
like reading between the lines he said
it directly and guess what I agree with
him the reason the reason I know I'm not
misinterpreting it is because it's a
perfectly reasonable statement which is
and here's the second part as hawk
points out that if you look at the
history of this country almost nothing
ever changes without violence and it's a
really smart a thing to say because it's
true this is one of those countries and
maybe it's just true everywhere that
until there's at least the threat of
violence things don't really change you
know because you don't have to you can
say well deal with that tomorrow and
then don't so he's not wrong that if
they need you know if they feel that
they're willing to do whatever it takes
to get these changes whatever they might
be that violence is on the table
so if your organization leader says
violence is on the table you are a
violent organization and you can see you
know individual members who are being
violent secondly is it racist of course
this of course it is it's totally racist
let me make an analogy for you is yes
black lives matter you're equally
concerned with other lives obviously not
the whole point of black lives matter is
that it's a preference you know they're
not looking for equality they're looking
for at least the way the slogan is
presented I'm not mind reading anybody
whose individual thoughts I'm saying
that the way the the way it's presented
is that their problems are special
because they came from a certain you
know a certain historical path I would
argue that saying that black people's
problems are special whereas let's say
some Hispanic American Filipino American
who was born into poverty I guess their
problems are special they don't get any
help because they don't have the right
kind of skin it's just purely racist as
violent and it's racist now again I
think by and large the most of the
members most of the protesters have
something like good intentions
but they have joined unto a violent
racist organization without realizing
speaking of that let's talk about the
President's speech which is being called
racist and divisive those of you watched
the speech last night give me your
opinions we'll take there's a little
time like in the comments but your
opinion was the President's speech
unifying or was it racist and divisive
go
what is your opinions no I'll tell you
mine and by the way I do plan to have
surgery someday if the coronavirus
doesn't keep delaying it I'll get my
sinuses fixed all right so I'm looking
at your comments give me and I guess
it's gonna take a little while for them
to get here's what I think if the
president wanted to be unifying it
wouldn't have sounded anything like that
so I don't think it was a unifying
speech or even close to anything like
that did anybody think that was unifying
so he decided not to tell jokes and he
played this seriously he talked about
America and he talked about you know
we're all Americans etc so there were
definitely things he said that you could
you could identify as attempts at
unification but here's the thing if the
president
so I'm looking ok comments are coming in
now good good
somebody says dark somebody says best
truth
somebody says low-energy I will agree
with low-energy
you looked low energy to the point where
he looked really tired actually some
people saying it's very unifying
patriotic somebody said to mild which is
not divisive enough I guess uplifting
and unifying unifying unifying unifying
all right here's what you all got wrong
unfortunately all of those who know all
of those of you who are saying that it
was unifying I hate to break it to you
I got a I hate to break it to you that
might be the least unifying speech I've
ever seen in my whole life let
me tell you why
if this isn't obvious to you you really
haven't been listening to the protesters
you know if if you have this many
protests you if this many people are
protesting at the very least you haven't
listened to them you don't have to agree
you don't have to agree but I'm starting
to think you haven't even listened to
them because here's here's why this was
the least unifying speech of all time
that's saying too much it wasn't
unifying here's why the president talked
about all of us appreciating our great
history and our and our shared heritage
how does that sound to you let's say
let's say for example you're watching
this periscope there's a statistical
chance that you might be white and a
trump supporter how does a sound to your
ear when you hear you'd like to
everybody to share and and honor our
heroes and our shared cultural history
how's it as a feel unifying right you're
like yeah our shared history were
Americans
let's revel in our shared history okay
here's what's wrong with that a lot of
the history was people being slaved how
in the world are black Americans
supposed to look at the history of the
United States and say yeah that looks
good
well let me buy into that shared
heritage where where I you know my great
great great whatever was a slave how in
the world does that is that unifying in
in the context of protests with black
lives matter
you know the statues coming down the the
legacy of slavery that the room is about
slavery slavery is like the biggest
topic in the news right now it's on the
top of minds
the president said let's celebrate our
shared history well the shared history
is some people doing well in some people
slaves how in the world are the slaves
you know the people who descended from
slaves or have any connection to it how
in the world are they supposed to hear
that speech and hear it words like
heritage and culture and saying yeah
let's let's honor some of that stuff
where my people were slaves or let's
honor that part where the Native
Americans were slaughtered to get their
land how in the world is that unifying I
would say that that speech was an
attempt to be not unifying in my opinion
in my opinion it was written with the
intention of being a you know more for
the base that did the base like it yeah
they did so I I was wondering how the
base was responding and they were
responding very well because the base
has a gigantic blind spot you know you
do not every single person obviously but
the base has a gigantic blind spot which
is history is not so kind to a lot of
people who live in this country and
should be you know should feel good
about it just the way you feel good
about it if you do so I I would say that
a unifying speech would have directly
referenced that and would have directly
acknowledged that and and some something
would have looked more like you know
let's let's appreciate more blah blah
blah now here's what here's what I like
that he did he did mention the heroes of
our history and he quite pointedly mixed
in a lot of African American heroes with
the other heroes but did that make
everybody happy no because there was no
LGBTQ in that list I don't even know if
there was a woman in the list was there
there might have been one was there
maybe one woman in the list of American
heroes so you can't really satisfy
people with
hey we'll throw in some statues for you
guys to you know to show that
everybody's everybody's equal we'll give
you some statues because the group that
didn't get any statues is going to say
it's great that white people and black
people have statues but how about me so
there's no winning so did the president
take the most politically advantageous
approach which is pushing back on the
statue people which is base wanted using
words like culture and heritage which
sound racist to half the country but to
his base just sounds like common sense
and you generally genuinely don't hear
it I think it is it is legitimately true
that people on the right just don't hear
that they don't hear in his racist but
it's because you haven't lived in
anybody else's life everybody else has
the same problems that it's not a
problem on the right it's from that
nobody really knows what anybody else is
feeling or thinking all right so my
opinion is that the speech might have
been good for his base which was
important so maybe it was politically
correct in terms of unifying I would say
it used the words that you know won't
unify so if you intentionally put into a
written speech words that are guaranteed
to not unify you can't really say it was
an attempt it wasn't really an attempt
to unify them oh so somebody is saying
that there were some women in his list
several of them Ella Fitzgerald Rosa
Parks Harriet Tubman Thank You Clara
Barton oh thank you okay so when I was
hearing the list I was not taking note
of them Dolly Madison was she on the
list all right
somebody says statues are idols used for
mind control I agree with that
statues are a form of mind control just
as the history of the country is just as
the Pledge of Allegiance just as the
flag is so all of our symbols are they
have utility we use symbols because they
do something they
they have a function it's a tool it
programs people to think a certain way
that's why we do it so the president
suggested building a special garden in
which statues would be but he didn't say
if we would be moving statues and he
didn't say are we building some extra
statues to those other people he
mentioned so there's some questions to
be answered but that wasn't a bad idea I
think on the right people were pretty
happy with the idea of putting them in a
special place where you've got better
context yeah so I would say the
president did a good job from the
perspective of his base he did nothing
to to make the left move toward him but
maybe that doesn't matter because maybe
you can't
maybe you can't move the other side
towards you so maybe it doesn't matter
but yours here's the takeaway I believe
the left is afraid of the president's
framing of them as dangerous
basically dangerous racist hate groups
so that does seem to be the most
productive attack the one they worry
about the most and there's plenty of
evidence to make that case so it's very
dangerous all right everything is a form
of mind control somebody says with a
smiley face that's true everything does
impact the way you think your
environment doesn't all right
professors are indoctrinating kids with
mind control yeah I think so I think
that's a fair thing to say did you see I
tweeted this around that there that I
mentioned this there actually is a
national effort to build a national bike
paths around the country so that you
could bicycle from one side of the
country to the other and it would be a
touristy thing to do so that's actually
underway I tweeted that the other day
amazing all right
somebody says dumbest idea I've ever
heard I don't know if you're talking
about the garden full of statues or not
all right that's all I got I will talk
to you tomorrow have a great 4th of July