[Music]
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba hey everybody come
on in here possibly the funniest and
best coffee with Scott Adams there will
ever be until the next time but man
sometimes the environment serves up some
news that's just so fun today's one of
those days so we're gonna have an
amazing an amazing simultaneous up today
and all you need to participate is a
cover of Megara glasses Diana jealous
detector - therapist with Lasky ante and
a grill a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
join me now for the UM the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine hit in the day the
best part of your day the part that
makes everything better go well I guess
we should talk about Justin Trudeau
shouldn't we
I feel I feel as though I don't actually
need to say anything about this story
because you've all read the story and
almost anything that I would be likely
to add to the story would be you know
something you've already heard but I
would just like to join you and enjoying
the the amazingness of the situation all
right so as you know Justin Trudeau of
Canada he there there are three separate
photos that have surfaced now of three
different ages in which he wore some
version of brown face or black face
costume and anyway he apologized
so let's well I I tweeted just before I
got out I tweeted is it my imagination
or has as politics and comedy basically
just merged they're they're not
different anymore right when I was a kid
if I turned on the news and it was about
politics it was like death and war and
taxes and boring stuff
and now I turned on the now I turned on
the news to follow the politics and it's
you know Trump played around at the wall
and writing on it with his magic marker
and and you know he's he's using his
magic marker to allegedly increase the
hurricane zone it's all hilarious stuff
and then you see it is costume and the
news was never this funny you know I'm
not I'm not wrong the news has never
been this funny right now partly it's a
sign that things are going well because
we have the the luxury of focusing on
stupid stuff which is funnier all right
so here's Trudeau's apology in which he
apologized for the one photo that was
public and he acknowledged that there
was another one another incident out
there and now we found a third one in
which he was young they may have just
forgotten about so here's his apology he
says I shouldn't have done that
I should have known better but I didn't
and I'm really sorry I take
responsibility for my decision to do
that I shouldn't have done that I should
have known better it was something that
I didn't think was racist at the time
but now I recognize it was something it
was something racist to do and I'm
deeply sorry all right so according to
the rules which which I have suggested
for for polite behavior in the current
days I have suggested that if somebody
apologizes and clarifies within 48 hours
you should accept their apology and move
on on top of that I have a second rule
that says if something happened more
than 20 years ago
it just doesn't count because it's a
rule we would want applied to us all
right
most people most people are better
people than they were twenty years ago
and if you're not you're not trying hard
enough
you should be sort of trying to improve
your situation over time so the first
thing I say is I don't know when the
other the other stuff happened but one
of them was 2001 so let's say 18 years
ago close enough close enough I'm not
I'm not going to fret over two years
right so my rule is that anything you do
20 years ago or longer just doesn't
count the the most recent photograph was
not 18 years ago good enough close
enough all right I want to live in a
world where 18 and 20 are close enough
for this purpose
so number one I accept I accept
Justin Trudeau's apology now I don't
think his apology was to me per se but
you know as a objective observer I say
that is a sufficient apology completely
sufficient not not only was a sufficient
I would go further and to say it was
perfect you know if you're gonna
apologize here's here's the way to do it
that's here the components of a perfect
apology number one fully acknowledged
it's true you know you don't argue about
the details well but you know you don't
don't offer any qualifiers so the first
thing he did was he got that completely
right no qualifiers it did happen it was
wrong I feel sorry and it looked like he
meant it you know don't you think he
actually feels bad about it but I think
he does yeah I'm not it's not the worst
problem in the world but I think he
feels legitimately empathetic for
anybody who felt bad about it I think
that's real and then he he didn't say
directly but he suggested in direct
enough language then it wouldn't happen
again so that's the other part of an
apology you should always include why
it's not gonna happen again
what are you gonna do differently now
this case is obvious what he's gonna do
differently is he's learned his lesson
so he won't do anything like that but
you know he's Prime Minister so he
probably wasn't going to anyway so I
give him a plus complete solid apology
accepted
I also say he's close enough to the 20
year rule the the most recent one was 18
years ago that I say doesn't count
doesn't matter if he did it or not
doesn't count so if you had the 20 year
rule to the 48-hour rule where he's
apologized completely sufficiently I say
give that man a pass now I also require
that if you or I are ever in the same
situation for some different situation
let's say we get the same treatment fair
wouldn't you like to be treated would
you like to be treated the way I would
like him to be treated which is yeah it
was a mistake he apologized it was a
perfectly good apology and it was a long
time ago done let's move on let's take
that standard let's let's take that
standard forward now I get that it's a
team sport and you wanna you want as you
know has Xing the other side cuz they do
it to you they wouldn't let you off they
wouldn't let Cavanaugh off they wouldn't
let Trump off so you want to do it to
them that's okay I'm not going to talk
you out of that if if you need that
little feeling of revenge or justice or
karma you know as long as you're
knowingly taking that path that's a it's
a fair it's a fair thing it's not unfair
to say you're gonna zing people the way
they've been zinging your team I just
choose not to
i I just exempted myself from the from
that back and forth and but I leave you
to it you could have I also asked the
following question when's the last time
you saw a funny movie is that my
imagination or has most professional
humor just sort of went away I don't
remember the last time I Washington
movie there was like a funny movie
do you seems a while it feels like
politics and Trump and and the real
world and reality have replaced whatever
whatever need we had for humor because
the unscripted stuff is sort of funnier
it's tough to beat this it's kind of
tough to beat this Justin Trudeau thing
for just being flat-out alright
yeah and Corey Lewandowski was hilarious
Trump is always funny here's the
question I have for you this is for
biblical scholars biblical scholars
how many people did Jesus cure
can anybody this is a real question by
the way if there's an if there any
biblical scholars how many reports in
the Bible are there of cures did did
Jesus cure five people 25 does anybody
have a number for that because I feel
like it's maybe less than a half a dozen
were actually mentioned the reason I
mentioned is because I think I'm I think
I'm beating his record so I don't want
to get ahead of myself but I think I
have more cures than Jesus so I had
another one just the other day so I told
you about my own weird bizarre medical
problem where I had polyps in my
eustachian tubes and it caused me to
lose my hearing and my taste at the same
time so that was the key and EMT as soon
as they heard wait you lost your hearing
and your taste and smell at the same
time Oh
let's look up inside your head there it
is there's polyps now I mentioned this
on my periscope and I get a DM from one
of my twitter friends who says hey my
brother just recently lost hearing in
one ear and his sense of taste a while
ago maybe he should you know what kind
of a doctor did he say so I said well
have him go to it your nose throat
doctor in the
so I just heard a report back yesterday
the brother goes to the ENT he has
polyps doctor gives him some meds and
some nasal spray and says you can have
your hearing and your sense of taste
back cured hello
cured now you say to yourself well Scott
that's just one Jesus cured more people
than that you just got one not true not
true I actually have quite a few cures
literally I'm not even not even joking
let me tell you about my my other cures
so most of you know the story I've told
her too many times so there's a period
of about three and a half years where I
lost my ability to speak to something
exotic called a spasmodic dysphonia part
of the problem with that is that regular
doctors have never heard of it in other
words your your your general
practitioners and probably never heard
of it so you go in with those symptoms
and they don't know what to do
because they've never heard of it never
seen it they treat the you know they
sort of fly around blindly tweeting the
wrong thing so I being how should I say
this I don't want to compliment myself
too much I be more aggressive and also
having more resources I chase down the
real cause of that problem until I had a
name for it and discovered the one
surgeon in the world who had developed a
surgery to cure it and that's why I can
talk to you now so having found that one
surgeon in the world who could cure it
and then getting cured I helped the
there's an organization called the
spasmodic dysphonia organization and I
helped them with outreach so I helped
them get the the word out that this
thing has a name if you have these
symptoms maybe talk to your doctor you
might have it and if you get this
surgery it can be cured and it worked
so
because of my outrage I have informed
people who might have never learned what
they had and once they learned it they
also learned from me that there is a
surgery that can fix it now the surgery
doesn't work every time about 15 percent
of the time it doesn't before 85 percent
of the people who heard it from me
and when got the surgery I cured him
that these are people who couldn't speak
who can now speak think of that so I
don't know how many there are there
might be dozens might be 20 might be 50
might be a hundred I have no idea
because I don't get direct feedback but
I've heard from I've heard from a
handful of people who heard about it
from me or where they told somebody in
their family hey I heard of this thing
maybe you have that and then they went
got the surgery but that's not the only
one so I've got those killers
III I'm a basket of weird weird small
medical problems I also have something
called PI a rhesus power your rhesus
better known as shy bladder and it's a
condition that maybe 5% of the world has
in which they can't use a public
restroom because they they lock up just
mentally they can't do their business if
there's somebody in the general area now
what's unique about this condition even
though it was so many people have it is
that people assume that they're the only
ones who have it like I did for most of
my life I believed I didn't know what it
was I just thought I can't talk to
people about this all right somebody
somebody right here is saying I have
that 5% of you have that it's pretty
common but probably you didn't know it
had a name probably you didn't know
there's anything you can do about it and
watch this watch this right in front of
you
I just cured 5% of the people watching
this periscope not a joke simply by
telling you that this is a real medical
condition and look at the comments how
many people are saying that they have it
in the comments people are hearing for
the very first time that it's a car
condition you're halfway cured here's
the rest okay ready the rest of the cure
is that knowing it's a thing is your
doorway out because part of it is a
psychological thing where you think
you're you're weird you're freaking you
don't want other people that now the
moment I tell you is common I have it my
brother hasn't my father had it
it's probably just genetic and it also
has nothing to do with actual shyness
that's the mistake people make it's not
shyness so you've watched me long enough
to know that whatever shyness is I don't
have it would you agree you've watched
me long enough whatever I have it's not
shyness in any kind of standard way I've
embarrassed myself in public willingly
more than any human you've ever watched
in your life well I don't know how you
measure such a thing but so first of all
knowing that it's not shyness as an
actual shyness is the first thing you
need to know and that it's the second
thing the first thing is that it's a
real condition and here's how you take
care of it to you rather here's your
cure practice you you find you find
increasingly difficult situations let's
say one where somebody's standing nearby
but outside the door and then eventually
you can practice to the point where
somebody's at the other side of the
restroom or maybe you're inside of stall
but whatever you need to do just do it
if you need to use the handicap stall
it's a handicap go ahead and do it if
you need to stand in the restroom for 30
minutes when other people take one
minute go ahead and do it why not you
have my complete permission now if that
sounds stupid that I'm giving you
permission to use a restroom in a
certain way it's not because when you
hear from other people as part of your
social your social influence and this is
a very social problem if if other people
didn't exist you wouldn't have the
problem it's the existence of other
people and how you feel
them and how you interact that actually
causes the condition so look it up it's
called shy bladder it has a another word
par your rhesus 5% of you I just solved
or put you on the road to solve the
biggest problem in your life and you
know it it's the biggest problem in your
life because you can't travel you can't
feel comfortable in meetings you can't
go to gatherings and the same comfort as
other people but in a very short time
you can learn to be like I am which is
if I stand up and somebody says hey if I
say I'm gonna use the restroom and some
guy stands up say I'll go too
I just say aw that doesn't work for me
you know but I'll wait for you so as
soon as you're not embarrassed to tell
people you have the condition you're
about 30% solved about 30% solves
because then you can do what you need to
do alright so you're on your way to a
solution now those of you who say Scott
Scott Scott your ego what about your ego
saying that you're curing more people
than Jesus
I am literally right in front of you
curing more people than Jesus you just
watched it happen now you might if you
don't have the condition you don't know
what I just did you don't have any idea
how important this was to maybe a
hundred people I don't know how many
people Jesus cured but I just cured a
hundred right in front of me
that's that's real I'm not making that
up so that's that all right
I see the CNN is running a piece an
opinion piece today saying that Biden is
too old they're using a Jimmy Carter
interview to do that Jimmy Carter said
that we should have an age limit on
presidents or at least think about it
he says that he couldn't have done the
job a job at age 80 and obviously he's
referring to Biden indirectly what's
interesting is that the person who wrote
the article Julian Zelizer
who's
an opinion writer for CNN he's the
biggest anti-trump er he's somebody says
imaginative Jesus had access to
periscope exactly exactly I think Jesus
could have beat my numbers but he didn't
have periscope so thank you Jack Dorsey
for just creating aa hundred people
that's actually true yeah Jack if you if
you watch this your product allowed me
to do what I just did so Jack Dorsey had
not started Twitter had not you know
bought periscope a hundred people would
have a problem today that they don't
need to have okay so it's notable that
CNN runs an article by one of the most
most I'd say aggressive anti Trump who
writes opinion pieces for them has
written a very aggressive anti Biden
opinion piece so it's pretty clear that
at least the CNN Democrats if I can call
them that the people who would who would
sort of be compatible with that view of
the world are very much anti Biden so I
think Biden's that Biden's days are
numbered here let's talk about the big
story Beathard there's some fake news
today so the fake news of the day is
that President Trump made some phone
call to an unnamed foreign leader
allegedly made a promise during the
phone call that was overheard by some
intelligence no no what do you call it
security intelligence person some staff
member who who decided to be a
whistleblower because it was such a
shocking promise he had to become a
whistleblower now we don't know what the
promise was or who that person was
talking to or who the whistleblowers so
the first thing you need to know is it's
fake names all right now it's probably
not fake news that there's a person
who's trying to be a whistleblower that
part sounds probably true but whatever
it was that that person heard almost
certainly out of context
almost certainly has to be understood in
terms of Trump's style which can be
chaotic by design meaning he can throw
out some ideas
see what happens throw out some more
ideas and see what happens and if what
this person witnessed is Trump throwing
out an idea to see what happens
well that's the wrong context it doesn't
mean that that was going to be a some
kind of an international deal he could
have just been feeling things out and
that's the president's prerogative you
do want him to have that right here's
the best part of the story CNN is
covering the story and they bring on
their expert Phil mud now you know Phil
mud from being one of the most vocal
anti-trump errs like a real real vocal
anti-trump a frequent guest who just
just rips the president apart on a
variety of topics and has been for what
two or three years so that's the context
you need to know who Phil Mudd is and
what he does and said now despite all
the things Phil Mudd has said about the
president many of which I would take
exception to or see it differently
here's the thing I don't think anybody
has ever accused Phil mud of not being a
patriot can we agree you could agree in
his opinions you can gray you you can
even bow like him personally you can not
like him on TV you could not like him
for all kinds of different reasons
but has anybody ever questioned his
patriotism
you know his commitment to the country I
don't think so right he's a patriot
here's so here's what's interesting
CNN covers the story about the alleged
whistleblower should be a great anti
Trump story the best anti Trump story
you could ever have you got the best
anti Trump story that he's done
something so bad that has to be a
whistleblower and then you bring on Phil
mud the best you know one of the most
vocal anti Trump people you could ever
have and what does Phil mud do he just
ripped that whistleblower to shred
he just tore him up for being a trainer
basically for doing something so wrong
which is selling out the president was
standing in the office standing in the
presence of the president and then
turning on him and snitching on him Phil
Mudd is a patriot right because when it
came down to country over party
he picked country that's what you want
right so congratulations to now
congratulations that's awkward respect
respect to Phil Mudd who I would say I
have not been a fan of for his opinions
not for anything else but when it came
down to country country over party he'd
be picked
he picked country and he did it right in
CNN's face now I don't know what CNN was
expecting him to say but I don't think
it was that and I love the fact that and
also respect to see them for putting him
on and air giving him giving him a full
platform to rip the whistleblower apart
just ripped him apart I've never seen
anybody get ripped apart how hard he
ripped him apart and and so thank you
thank you to Phil Mudd I think that was
exactly the right patriotic tone to take
and and and to Phil muds credit he even
went further and said does it matter
what the president said to a foreign
leader nope nope because the only person
who whose business that was was the
president's that's his job he gets to
say what he wants he gets to play it the
way he wants he gets to lie if he wants
he gets to say any damn thing he wants
that's why we elected him and Phil Mudd
thank you for supporting that concept
let's talk about the UFOs you've all
seen by now the story that apparently
the
government has confirmed that some
videos of alleged UFOs are indeed
unexplained now unexplained doesn't mean
guaranteed to be foreign foreign
aircraft meaning alien aircraft but
here's my opinion not real not real so I
don't yet know I don't have a good
theory for what they are or why we have
this video I do have a strong opinion
that there's not the slightest chance
that these are alien aircraft all right
now partly because we would have seen
more of them it seems it seems weird
that we would just have you know some
limited little little things and the
other but the biggest thing is that they
seem to do that quick turn that it would
be impossible according to you know our
technology it seemed to be going really
fast and then just turn that tells me
probably not a spacecraft let me tell
you I've now I don't know what it was I
don't know who knows but I don't think
it was a spacecraft that's just my
opinion if there's more information
later that proves I'm wrong I'll change
my mind but no I don't think there's
much chance that's real all right
let's talk about that you you probably
saw a some tweets going around you know
which some organization I forget who had
compiled all of the wrong climate doom
predictions for the last 50 years and
it's a very impressive list because the
it's an impressive list of wrong
predictions over the years now here's
what Mark Levin says about all of those
wrong predictions over the years he says
it's been a subterfuge to undermine our
constitutional system to undermine our
capitalist
and to create almost this almost
zen-like support for this radical agenda
which has as its purpose to destroy many
of our freedom institutions in this
country do you buy that so we have this
history of bad climate predictions of
doom and Mark Levin says that it has a
sort of a unifying theme that is to
undermine our capitalist system created
almost zen-like support for radical
agenda and its purpose is to destroy our
freedoms and institutions in this
country how many of you believe that to
me that seems seems batshit crazy like
actually just batshit crazy here's
what's wrong with it
to me this is a standard this is a very
classic case of what I call loser thing
now to be clear I'm not calling Mark
Levin a loser loser think is a style of
thinking and I'm going to describe it a
little bit more that gets you to the
wrong place so in other words that the
outcome is is the loser part not not
that people doing so I'm always
respectful to the people but this this
way of thinking this seems deeply
defective and here it is the first thing
it assumes is history repeats in other
words the climate doomsayers
keep being wrong and therefore that
tells us they're being wrong again is it
good thinking to say that history
repeats we've got an unbroken chain of
here we go again here we go again here
we go again here we go therefore they're
still wrong this next time
is that good thinking it is not the most
you can make end of the fact that
there's a 50-year unbroken chain of
wrong predictions is that we absolutely
could be wrong absolutely 100 percent
practical and viable that their
predictions were seen today are totally
wrong but that's all
it does if you take that from it's
possible that we could be wrong
50 times in a row you know it's
certainly possible if you take that too
we are wrong you have fallen for looser
think because the hisses hiss turi can't
repeat not not in a sense that the
patterns are somehow magically
predictive here's why for about a
hundred thousand years it was a fact the
humans could not fly you know they could
not develop a machine that would let
them fly so for a hundred thousand years
in a row scientist irir apena didn't it
every time somebody tried to jump off a
hill and flap their arms they died then
they tried to put wings on their arms
and they jump off a hill and it didn't
work a hundred thousand years of history
repeating and then the Wright brothers
built an airplane and then it stopped
repeating so history doesn't repeat but
it is true that people can be wrong for
a long time that's certainly true the
reason that the Wright brothers could do
what nobody could do for a hundred
thousand years is they had new
technology and they had the advantage of
knowing what everybody else did wrong so
history gets smarter and smarter over
time so it's never the same as the last
starting point you're always at a new
starting point yeah there are always
black swans and surprises as somebody
says in the comments and today's
technology can't be compared to anything
in the past all right if you're looking
at the history of climate predictions
and you're saying that the that the
accuracy that we have today after the
modern era of satellites if you're
saying that the the science before the
year of satellites is going to be
predictive of the year after satellites
you're on pretty shaky ground
those satellites are printing
I'm good at measuring temperatures and
and being able to cover a lot of space
so here's the thing it is certainly fair
game to say they've been wrong for 50
years so there's something about humans
that makes us panic about things that
are really just coincidence or
speculation or imaginary thinking so
that part's true
so Mark Levin would be accurate and
saying if you were to say that this he
would be accurate and saying the humans
don't change much so we're pretty much
the same humans we Bend for 50 years so
our ability to be fooled by BS our
ability to be fooled by scare tactics is
the same so we should be looking out for
it so that much is true we should
definitely be looking out for it but we
cannot therefore say that old technology
is comparable to the most modern science
we have that's just not that's just not
productive thinking because history
doesn't repeat in that way be it is true
that we get fooled easily that part's
true but the science of it all is
completely different next Mark Levin
says that there's that all of this
this past doom saying really had a
secret agenda to it sort of secret now
secret enough that he couldn't see it
but it's to undermine the Constitution
and capitalism and to destroy our
freedoms
what evidences are of that can anybody
point me to the evidence that all of
those 50 years of newspaper articles
were written by people who had a secret
agenda to destroy capitalism I don't
think so far more likely it was a whole
bunch of people acting independently for
their own reasons and almost none of
them were thinking about capitalism and
probably almost none of them were
thinking about anything about the
scoring destroyed and freedom
this is what I call the mind-reading
illusion the mind-reading illusion is
that you can look at hundreds of
different people acting independently
for whatever reason many of them being
fooled or scared many of them just been
wrong about the science many some of
them may be just trying to get attention
some of them may be trying to raise
money probably hundreds of different
reasons and combinations of different
reasons and different people at
different times and Mark Levin is
summarized this as they want to destroy
freedom and get rid of capitalism that
might be the worst tank of all time it
might be the worst take of all time and
it's a common one I mean it's not you
know it's not like the one person has
that take is one of the most common
takes and it's ridiculous whose mind are
you reading who has these secret
thoughts about destroyed and freedom and
capitalism that applies to exactly
nobody
there's probably literally nobody who's
ever had that opinion I'm at of seven
billion people but you know I suppose
you could find one person you know just
like you can find Beto O'Rourke wants to
go to your house and take your gut away
by force you can always find somebody so
I'm not I wouldn't dispute the Merkel of
him could find somebody who would say oh
yeah we just want to destroy capitalism
that's our secret plan but I don't think
that's a good way to think of this whole
situation all right let me ask you this
let's talk about the Iranian drones so
it looks like Saudi Arabia has confirmed
the United States has confirmed they
have the actual some of the unexploded
drones there were a bunch of them and
some of them did not hit their targets
so they could piece together the drones
and now they know with complete
certainty its Iranian technology so
there's a question that seems to not
matter that much which is to the
Iranians give these weapons to the
Houthis Houthis and Yemen and that then
the Houthis who claimed responsibility
did they use them against Saudi Arabia
or did Iran watch them from their own
terror
doesn't matter I think everybody agrees
it's an interesting question but it has
no relevance in terms of how how anybody
would respond to it because in both
cases is it's an Iranian sponsored
attack or a direct attack it's all the
same so the big question is will the
United States and/or Saudi Arabia
respond militarily and create a hot war
and president Trump seems to be quite
hesitant and there's some reporting that
Saudi Arabia wants to do anything but
start a war that that was before the the
attack but I haven't heard anything
changed so compare these two plans one
we respond in kind so there's some
military attack on Iran hypothetically
and it's something proportionate to
destroying a large oil facility in Saudi
Arabia so that's one plan and then what
happens somebody says it matters if they
were fired from Iran geez Scott no
doesn't why the world would it matter if
because Saudi Arabia and the United
States would both treat it as the same
we because whether the Iranians gave it
to the Houthis to use against Saudi
Arabia it's all the same so and by the
way yeah the the Iranians could throw
the Houthis under the bus if they didn't
approve of it right yeah the Iranians
could have said hello okay that's too
far even we don't support that so we're
gonna we're gonna raid in our Houthis
try to keep this just a Yemen Civil War
I mean if they had done that you know
okay but they're not doing that so it's
all the same whether it came from
Iranian territory or Yemen so here's so
so option why as we do something
militarily and take down some facility
in Iran and with all of the blowback
that that would cause all of the public
opinion
that that would change and all of
whatever that would change
compare that to option two which seems
to be where this is heading which is
that we don't that we don't it's
actually a better plan than it sounds
like on first blush because your first
reaction might be okay over in the
Middle East if somebody punches you in
the eye you have to punch them in two
eyes or else they'll just keep doing it
if you show any weakness they're just
gonna keep punching you so if we don't
respond militarily well there goes a
second Saudi Saudi installation and if
we don't respond to that well there goes
a third one until Saudi Arabia's
completely destroyed and nobody fought
back baby but here's my take suppose we
use this as an excuse to tighten the
finance the economic sanctions in a way
that maybe was politically impossible
before in other words people were not
willing other countries were not willing
to participate as aggressively because
they were still sort of playing it on
the fence a little bit it's like well we
don't want to lose I ran as a trading
partner and let's try to keep them and
the nuclear to you and let's not be so
hard on them what if this this latest
event allows the president to tighten
with the with his allies in a way that
they couldn't tighten before Iran's
economy is right in the edge it seems to
me if what Iran is doing is trying to
taunt us into an attack for their
advantage what if we taunt them into an
attack instead which looks like the way
we're heading in other words by not
attacking militarily we will have
another crushing twist of the tourniquet
on their economy it's a free punch right
it's a free slap because they slap they
slap Saudi Arabia we get another turn on
the tourniquet and so free turn doesn't
cost us anything this
and then what if we don't attack them
militarily think about it just just just
sort of a think about that the
psychological response of not attacking
them militarily because the first thing
it says is that we can do it
economically so it tells it tells the
Iranian people they might be closer to
economic complete meltdown than even
they thought and they're probably pretty
worried about it but it also paints a
picture of Iran being so weak that an
attack isn't necessary it might be
unnecessary we might we might also feel
that it could put just the right kind of
pressure and/or a carrot and stick with
the whatever is the second tier of
Iranian leadership perhaps the military
to take care of business in other words
we may be holding out for Iran to make
an internal change that would be more to
our liking and this would be a good time
to give them a little space to do that
now we don't I have no way of knowing if
we have any intelligence that such a
thing is happening but I would think
that it would have the leader that old
who is creating this much trouble that
we probably should give the the second
tier of leadership a little breathing
space don't you think and the way to
give them breathing space to take care
of business themselves which is the
ideal way to do it would be to crush
their economy further show them that
that was the ayatollahs fault and don't
allow the country to coalesce around the
Ayatollah by attacking militarily so my
feeling is that Trump and the
administration by holding off and I
don't know if they'll continue to hold
off it you know by the time I'm finished
with this periscope we may have taken
down a major refinery but if we don't it
could be the holding off is just exactly
the right thing to do
and I'm actually pretty happy that the
that the president is taking this so
cautiously at the same time we're pretty
sure who who did it and we know how bad
it was remember it wasn't our money that
they bombed they Baba Saudi Arabia's
money when I say money I mean they're
their assets that's worth a lot of money
all right nothing on that let me let me
throw our sum off the hook ideas on gun
control you have a right to own a gun do
you have a right for people to not know
you have a gun
meaning your fellow citizens not the
government but you have a right do you
have a right to keep your gun ownership
a secret from your fellow citizens it's
just a question now again nothing I'm
going to say here is a recommendation
for a policy I'm just asking the
question all right so a lot most people
are saying yes we do have the right of
privacy and we have a right to keep that
private let me throw out this idea
suppose there was a law that says you
can have a you can own an AR but there's
a new law that says you have to put a
gun lock on it in order to own it
legally while it's being stored yes I've
got a lock on it and wait for it wait
for it when you take the gun lock off it
sends a signal through the you know cell
phone world to alert maybe law
enforcement so let's say law enforcement
knows if you've taken the safety or
you've taken the the gun lock off your
gun maybe they know where it is to
suppose they knew you took your gun lock
off now let's say you had made in a say
you had made a reservation at the
shooting range
now the police might say oh he's got a
reservation at the shooting range I see
he's at the shooting range
it's got locked us off all good
suppose somebody takes a gun lock off
for 10 minutes police see it they say oh
okay he's just cleaning he's gone
whatever changing the batteries on his
gun lock it's all good but could you
imagine there was somebody who had maybe
been flagged as a wait for it somebody
had been flagged as maybe one of these
red flag people yeah maybe maybe
somebody who is in the system as being a
little bit more problematic they take
their gun lock off and their phone rings
the phone rings and the police say hey
you know you're in our database as sort
of problematic we see that your gun lock
is off can you talk to us now maybe the
person will say oh yeah I'm going to the
gun range and then police say okay you
said you sound like you're in good good
mental state you're going to the gun
right gun range please put your gun lock
back on when you return now again I
realize most of you are saying I don't
want this is another infringement on the
Second Amendment and it is of course it
would be an infringement I'll just put
that out there so is there some
technological way that everybody who has
a god-given if you like right to own a
gun can still do it everything they want
to do at the same time there would be
some kind of a technological way to flag
the police when somebody who is maybe a
little less safe takes a gun lock off
and maybe it's just a phone call just a
phone call hey gun locks off you just
want to see how you're feeling
yeah all right are you okay today you
know I could tell from your voice that
your oh no I just took the gun lock off
I'm just cleaning my gun or whatever
okay carry on so that's one idea and I
acknowledge this a bad idea let me give
you now for those of you who are new to
new to the my periscopes I often suggest
what I
no to be bad and unpopular ideas if
they're different enough then it might
make you stimulate you to think of an
idea that's a better version of it so
that's all we're doing here so don't get
too caught up on whether that's a
perfectly good idea or nice to spur
thinking here's another one and this is
again just to spur thinking suppose we
had a law that says you can buy an AR
you can buy one but you must join the
NRA so that's the rule you must join the
NRA or if you wanted to be fair you
could say or any similar national
organization that has you know in case
there's some competitor to the NRA you
don't want to give them a monopoly but
you say you've got to be in the NRA or
something like it and you've got to sign
up now you say to yourself how the hell
does that help somebody says awful idea
in the Congress how they held is out
because the bad guys are just gonna be
you know they'll just sign up and then
they'll just do what they're gonna do
anyway how does that help anybody are
you ready
right now my understanding is that no
member of the NRA has ever been accused
of one of these mass shootings it was so
first of all in fact check me is that
true that no member of the NRA has ever
been subject it has ever been a mass
shooter I think that's true but if it's
not 100% true it's mostly true oh I'm
seeing some people saying it's a better
idea so you're getting out to be because
you've already thought this through
here's what this idea does it pairs the
people who have the most dangerous
weapons with the organization that's the
most incentive besides the government
the most incentive to help them to stay
safe and it becomes then a de facto
problem of the NRA to manage gun safety
because the last thing they want to hear
is that three more members of the NRA
a shot at the school am i right
the NRA is almost entirely focused
yeah that's not true I don't want to say
that the NRA has two main focuses I
would say gun safety and freedoms you
know the Second Amendment when you is
that fair two main goals gun safety and
remaining free to have the the guns that
the Constitution allows you the gun
safety part they could be very
productive because who better to educate
who better to police their own right if
you remember the NRA and you find out
that that there might be somebody else
was a little dangerous as a member of
the NRA
well maybe you put a little extra effort
into making sure your brand doesn't get
ruined anyway the point is I I don't
know specifically how that would play
out but I like the idea of pairing the
NRA by law with somebody who has a
dangerous weapon because you want to get
that training that you know that
brainwashing if you will brainwashing
I'm using in a positive sense if you
were an owner of a dangerous tool of any
kind I want you to be a little bit
brainwashed on safety so that would give
the NRA more authority and in a way that
I think would be productive here's a
question can the law require can the law
require Amazon to label goods that are
made in China because as a filter
because if they could would you filter
out products that are made in China so
that you as a consumer can use your
consumer clout to help international
international affairs now you could just
deal with Amazon because there's such a
big footprint you wouldn't even have to
do it with any other product that's it
just deal with them or how about this
instead of just flagging it
suppose that in with Amazon
suggested products you know if you look
for one product Amazon will suggest a
number of other products what if one of
those suggestions is something made in
America suppose there were a requirement
that whenever that is practical and
somebody says uh here's the product I'm
looking for it suggests right under it
several other products but one other one
of them maybe just one is an
american-made product and it's flagged
as american-made would that help us in
international relations I believe it
would I saw some I think it was maybe a
CEO of Blackstone or somebody some
famous investor was saying that he
believes he's heard that China is
working working hard to curb the
fentanyl export from China so that's so
somebody who was allegedly well informed
and in the know says the China is
working hard to curb fentanyl absolute
 complete do you know
what working hard to stop fentanyl would
look like they know the name of the guy
and where he lives
there's a guy like a guy with a name and
a face they know his address China does
they know who he is he's very prominent
as long as he's alive they're not trying
it all best that's not trying that's
that's what not trying looks like if you
know who he is you know where he lives
and what he's doing and he's still
walking around free that's exactly not
trying so anybody who says that anybody
who says that China is putting in the
effort to stop fentanyl
absolutely not possibly true there isn't
a slightest chance that that could be
true yeah somebody says 60-minutes found
him if you hear that that guy is in jail
or dead then I will say AHA it is the
beginning of China getting serious and
even that wouldn't be serious because
obviously he's going to you
gonna be replaced by somebody else so
you're gonna see a lot more than that
but step one is that guy's dead or in
jail
if you don't hear that there is nothing
happening unfunded null in China trust
me on that and number two we should have
no trade agreement with them whatsoever
we shouldn't even be in negotiations and
some people say well you know that
should be part of the negotiations no we
shouldn't that shouldn't be part of the
negotiations that's what they give up to
negotiate right that's that's the ticket
the price of even being at the table I'm
trying not to use the F word the price
not even to be at the table with the
United States and talk trade is you stop
the fentanyl hard you start I want to
see bodies dropping I want to see the
dealers we know literally dead without
that you this just talk you know we we
should have no deal with China while
they're killing tens of thousands of our
people right in front of us you know
No Deal and no trade no no negotiations
much less no deal we shouldn't be
talking about that at all all right
thoughts on decriminalizing opioids my
solution for the mental illness and the
addiction problem in the homeless
problem all of which are describing LA
and a lot of San Francisco right now is
that I don't see any alternative to what
I'm going to describe okay ready
we have to create magnet communities for
those people we have to make it more
attractive to go someplace where they
can get help or at least some place
where they're there away from the rest
of society who they're defecating on and
leaving their needles to step on they
have to be separated from the people who
need to be separated from that for
safety and for health and
you know health and security reasons so
once separated there is a second
question for the drug addicts do you
give them drugs and try to give in the
safest possible way because until they
change their mind there's nothing you
can do if they don't want to be if they
don't want to be clean there's just
nothing they're gonna do but you need to
get them in their own place and they
maybe they can choose two separate
places one would be a place where they
could get let's say food and shelter but
they would have no access to drugs and
it would be a drug rehab facility a
second place would be just like it
except instead of rehab they get drugs
actually just given drugs yeah but
instead of fentanyl which will likely
kill them maybe they get heroin or
whatever whatever is less slightly less
likely to give them an overdose because
they're gonna die anyway so the best you
can do is to get them away from you and
get them away from the people who could
get a disease fall I have a contrarian
view on the people who were addicted and
living on the streets
maybe not contrarian from you but
contrarian from a lot of people which is
you can't talk somebody out of something
that is rational and good for them what
do you say are you talking about drug
addiction as being rational and good for
you yes that is exactly what I'm saying
that if your living situation is so
awful that your only alternative is
complete misery and suicide taking hard
drugs to have an awesome day while
you're living you're literally
defecating on a sidewalk is completely
rational it's the most rational thing
you'll ever hear if I were in that
situation and I were not a drug addict I
would become one by choice because those
drug addicts are having some really good
days you know this is this might blow
your mind but I'll bet the average drug
addict it was like literally like
on the streets in Los Angeles has at
least during the time there on the drug
a better day than you do because that's
what those drugs do they kind of give
you a good day when you weren't having a
good day
even if things are terrible otherwise so
it is completely unrealistic to say hey
you people listen to me who has a good
life and a good job and I live in a nice
place in my family loves me and I've got
a great sex life and I'm totally healthy
and I like what I see in the mirror why
don't you quit drugs like I did you dumb
ass you're just a dumb ass if you think
that if you're if you're looking at
these drug addicts on the street with
your far more put-together life and
saying well if I can quit drugs if I can
stay off of drugs certainly you on the
street can do it no you're just a
dumbass the reason that you can be often
drugs is because your life is not so
terrible as it is how hard is it for me
to stay off heroin easy easy
because my average day is better than
most of your best days ever I'm not I
don't have good willpower do you know
how much willpower I have none I have no
willpower if you give me a life that's
similar to these three people that for
whatever reason I you know I can't live
maybe it's mental illness for example
maybe I just can't live in the modern
world but you give me access to heroin
BAM right in the arm five minutes I'm
not even going to wait so trying to deal
with people who are making completely
rational decisions given given the
misery of their situation you just can't
treat them the same as people who really
do want to quit and and those people
need some help so we need places where
the people who are certain classes of
problem can be separated from the other
people until they get help and can then
and then can be integrated if they want
and you heard Michael Sheldon Berger
talk about this maybe on Tucker is that
we need more of a carrot and
approach probably we need to be able to
legally force people to live with people
who are like them like them in terms of
lifestyle not any other way lifestyle
meaning if you have a mental problem we
probably need to force you to be in some
community with other people who are
dealing with something related to that
and also we're getting help if you've
got a meant if you got a drug problem we
probably need to take you away from the
rest of people in two different groups
one that is trying to get help and one
that hasn't made that decision and for
them there's no point in trying to help
them just just help them stay alive do
what you can you know try to have some
empathy anyway that's all for today I am
going to talk to you later if you have
not purchased your copy pre-order of
loser think well you're missing a lot
you're missing a lot it's already
available on Amazon and wherever books
are sold for a pre-order it's called
loser think the best book in the world
and I will talk to you later