[Music]
ba-bum ba-bum hey everybody hey John
come on in here good to see you you know
what time it is it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams the best time of the
day get your dopamine pumping that's the
sound of dopamine pumping and it doesn't
take much to enjoy this moment it takes
very little actually all it takes is a
cup of our glass the stein the chalice
detector - thermos a flask maybe a
canteen a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
and join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip get
your simultaneity goin here we go ah
tingly shivers shivers I tell you
Wow Oh what it is what a way that starts
today well I'd like to talk about all
the problems in the world first okay
that was me talking about all the
problems in the world because it turns
out there aren't any real problems in
the world at least if you take it from
the news because the news is talking
about a tweet that's right the biggest
news in the world is a tweet that was
worded in such a way that people feel
bad for other people when I say feel bad
for other people what I'm talking about
is Anderson Cooper feeling very very
very bad that these tweets might make
other people feel bad that's your big
problem of the day that's your headline
news somebody's tweet make somebody else
maybe feel bad we would ask those people
to come on but we couldn't find anybody
who feels bad and although we couldn't
find anybody who actually feels bad
we could find hundreds of people who
feel bad for the people who don't feel
bad now it used to be that if you did
something that would make somebody feel
bad that was the story somebody did
something somebody else feels bad well
there's there's something to talk about
but we don't have that anymore now we
have somebody does something let's say
it's a tweet a provocative tweet and
instead of people feeling bad they
really don't care one way or the other
but there are people who feel bad for
the people who should feel bad but they
don't seem to feel bad because they
don't really care do you know who I
think was the least bothered by the go
back home tweets from the president I
don't know this for sure so I'm just
gonna put this out here I think the
group least bothered by the go back home
was American black people I don't know
that to be true and I'm certainly not
going to put myself in their heads and
I'm not going to you know speak for any
other group I certainly can't do that
but it feels to me like they understood
the point which is it's not about race
it's about loving your country and if
you have a loyalty to some other country
blah blah blah but moreover it was just
a bull trash talk it wasn't even it
wasn't even factually on point
it was just trash talk
that made real people really feel bad
for other people who if you ask them
would say do you know what I have to
worry about a lot more things than that
tweet that's for sure now if I told you
yes I have many times that's a way to
evaluate your filter online let's say
you're looking at the world one way and
interpreting it one way somebody else is
looking at it another way whether it's
this presidential tweet some people say
my god it's it's a racist outrage and
other people
it's just trash darkus nothing very
different filters one of the things that
you can do to test your filter to see
which one is the right one is to see
which one predicts better one of the
filters predicts that the president will
do at a bunch of racist stuff and that
people who were good at spotting racist
stuff will notice that's why you would
imagine if you have one filter the other
filter says no you're just imagining I
did do the simultaneous if you missed it
so the other filter says no he's just
trash-talking like he always does and
you're imagining all the bad stuff which
of those two filters would predict that
Israel would name a settlement after
President Trump is that the filter that
says oh yeah he's I think he's back in
the neo-nazis would Israel not be able
to detect that someone was backing
neo-nazis if he were the President of
the United States yeah I think I think
Israel would be able to detect that so
my filter this says he's just talking
seems to be consistent with observation
what we observe is that Israel says
that's just politics he seems like the
greatest friend Israel ever ever had
which of the filters would predict that
that President Trump would be strong on
prison reform is it the one that says my
god he'll do anything that's bad for
brown and black people or is it the
filter that says it's just politics of
course he wants what's good for
Americans that's his job and he wants to
be evaluated presumably everybody wants
to be evaluated by how they do with
their job so why would he be different
so my filter predicts a hundred percent
of everything that's happened a hundred
percent my filter allows and protects
everything you observe
but if your filter uh-huh if your filter
only predicts half of what happens and
the other half is just inexplicable well
maybe it's time to rethink your filter
on life let's take a little deeper into
this whole go back home tweet you all
know the background I don't need to give
you the background we're talking about
president Trump's tweet that's causing
everybody's hair to be on fire so here
let me show you some of the craziness
that this is cost so over at CNN where
we're opinion and news are treated as
the same thing and I say that because
CNN doesn't do a good job of separating
what is opinion from what is news they
sort of smushed together so the viewer
doesn't quite know what has been
presented as a fact and what is just
somebody's interpretation Fox News as by
anybody's measure lots of different
opinions and some of them you don't
agree with but they do a lot better job
of labeling opinion you know the
Hannity's opinion right you know that
Tucker's an opinion show but listen to
this smooshing this is an analysis by
Stefan do you pronounce it Stefan ste pH
yeah Ian I never know if that's the
right way to pronounce it
Stefan Collinson now it's presented not
as opinion it's actually labeled on the
CNN site is labeled analysis now you're
just a dumb American and you're reading
some some stuff on the CNN news site if
it says opinion what do you think of it
you think okay well it's not necessarily
fact is opinion if it's labeled analysis
what are you the dumb American think
they're doing analysis doesn't really
sound like you're pinyin does it I mean
I think that it allows it to be opinion
II I think the
does allow that but the word seems to be
chosen to to blur the difference between
the opinion and fact from our own
analysis so here's what Stefan calling
sense analysis says he says this is just
part of it in the twilight zone of the
white house
the man who unleashed the fury Trump
expressed disgust at the vial at the
quote vile horrible statements said by
the woman he targeted over the color of
their skin so on a CNN site labeled
analysis they slip in this unsupported
statement he targeted over the color of
their skin what what at what point that
the president targets somebody over the
color of their skin it's presented like
well that's obvious is you know that
there's no point in supporting this fact
everybody can see it that's not an
evidence do you know who else president
Trump told to go back home the British
ambassador correct me if I'm wrong did
he not send the British ambassador
packing and call him stupid come on
it just happened he just told the
British ambassador to go back home he
didn't use those words but is that the
important part he told him he said he
was stupid incompetent had never met him
and why he probably met him but doesn't
doesn't didn't even know who he was I
told him to go back home yeah I had the
British ambassador did anybody say that
the president is prejudiced against
British people no so to me what Stephan
Collinson did here by putting this
sentence in his analysis said by the
women he targeted over the color
their skin to me that's a racist
statement isn't it and my point being
that if all you're doing is talking
about whether or not somebody acted
about race and the frame is raised and
everything's race and race race race
isn't isn't that making things worse you
know the president has expressly said
that if you're in the United States he's
gonna be your best friend you're if
you're if you're a citizen of the
country he's gonna be your best friend
and supporter and cheerleader and if
you're not you're on the other team and
he doesn't hate you
but he's gonna compete against you and
make sure that his team does better than
the other teams now that's the frame
that he's continually and clearly put on
all of his political actions the critics
continually and expressly this is not an
interpretation of mine they continually
frame things as racial issues there's no
way that isn't the race aside there's no
way now the Republicans don't make a big
deal of calling the other side racist
because it's just not their deal but we
have certainly reached the point where a
hundred percent of us are racist we
actually have a situation yesterday I
tweeted about it I think I had 5,000
retweets on it and I said that the you
know breaking news the racist press is
reporting to the racist public that
racist President Trump or no that racist
Pelosi is accusing racist Trump of
saying bad things about the racist for a
congresswoman
there's nobody in that story who hasn't
been accused of racism a hundred percent
of all the people in the news have now
been accused of racism there's nobody
left there's nobody left I'm gonna drink
some black coffee right now and just try
to experience the
whatever this is the cognitive
dissonance we're all experiencing and I
drink this coffee this black coffee as a
salute to the black citizens of this
country who we support 100% I'll drink
to that
to that point let me ask you this
hypothetically you're a black citizen of
the United States you've got two friends
one of your friends is a registered
Democrat one of your friends is a
register registered Republican which
one's gonna help you get a job which
one's gonna do you a favor
well maybe both but I'll tell you have
you ever met anybody who let's say an
African American who who became a
Republican have you ever seen an
african-american Republican who said
that other Republicans treat them poorly
have you ever seen that no you've never
seen that because Republicans have very
clear rules I'm not a Republican by the
way all right so I'm not a Republican
not a conservative I always tell people
and left to Bernie but I have to admit I
like Republicans better because they
have a set of consistent rules that seem
pretty fair to me and they try to live
by them and treat other people by the
rules the rules are the Constitution if
you follow the Constitution you're good
with me if you follow the laws you're
good with me
and on top of that I'm not religious but
for a lot of conservatives if you if
you're religious you doesn't matter
which one if you've got you know a faith
that informs the way you live well then
you're okay too
Republicans make it very easy to like
you how hard is it to be liked by a
Republican it's really really easy you
just have to do legal things and work
that's it it in order to be loved by
Republicans just try you don't even have
to succeed you just have to try you have
to follow the law you know sort of love
your country that helps but that's not
even necessary you know maybe you
shouldn't talk about it so much if you
don't love your country but all
Republicans ask is just follow the same
rules and try you don't even have to
succeed and we'll love you I'll say we
because I adopt that I adopt the
philosophy of if we're all here trying
do it our best following the same set of
rules and respecting the same set of you
know principles that that were all good
I can't imagine what it would be like to
be a person of color can be in the
Democrat orbit because over there you've
got to be good with a lot of different
things yeah it's it's sort of eight
shells over there well I was I was good
on this but did I become a misogynist
accidentally and if I have I definite
everything fairly in just the right way
well I think that something important
has happened because this tweet it seems
to me that the charges of racism against
each other have uncovered a truth that
like the the dog that wasn't barking
it's a truth that we should rejoice at
during the time that we have been
talking nonstop about whether the words
go back home are really racist or just
trash talk while we've been discussing
that how many real examples of racism
have been reported in the news right
think about it how many actual examples
of somebody I didn't get a job got
rejected from something I know there was
a racial murder you know I'm sure that
these things were happening somewhere
around the kind
trait but we just have been jabbering
non-stop about a couple of words in the
tweet because it's the worst thing
happening is there anybody here who well
let's say that is there anybody here who
has negative feelings about I'll just
make an example any any person of color
so long as they're following the rules
meaning the Constitution the rule of law
working hard is there anybody here who
has any bad feelings about anybody who
does those three things you know respect
the Constitution follow the law work
hard even if you don't succeed
everybody here respects that I'll bet
I'll bet there are zero exceptions and
this is a pretty you know this is we've
got what 2.3 thousand people watching
this live I'll bet there are zero people
here zero out of thousands I'll bet
there are zero people who would feel bad
about any person of color any any gender
any any other anything as long as you
follow the rules same rules everybody
else is following that's it you know
we'd love it if you like if you loved
your country but it's optional just
follow the rules and try just try but if
you're over on the Democrat side I don't
know what the standards are over there
must be harder see you then has just
completely gone into crazy land they
actually had white nationalist Richard
Spencer on because they I guess they
thought they could get him to say some
quote that sounded like positive for
President Trump and then they would
paint president Trump with Spencer
so it was Spencer's the white
nationalist I guess and here's what he
said so Richard Spencer complained on
CNN that Trump quote wasn't going far
enough saying he gave the movement
nothing so in other words the leader of
the white nationalist movement is saying
that Trump is giving them nothing
CNN invited invited him on to guess some
you know some love of Trump I guess so
that they can paint Trump by this this
guy's reputation and the guy says he's
given us nothing yes that's exactly
right he's given you nothing but he goes
on outside racist tweets and what'd he
say they seem like they came from a
drunk uncle
so Richard Spencer says the only thing
we had gotten from the president is in
in Spencer's opinion quote out racist
tweets and look like they came from a
drunk uncle now here's the problem who
do who do see you then who does see you
then agree with who's on the same team
as CNN well I don't think they planned
it this way but I can tell you two
people who have the same view of life
CNN and apparently Richard Spencer who
also sees the president streets tweet
says racist so somehow the left has
managed to align themselves with white
nationalists because they're they have
the same opinion of these tweets and
they can't even get the white
nationalists to go a little step further
and say but he's done things right it's
not just the tweets that we don't you
know look suspicious he's actually done
things right and the white nationalist
says that he hasn't done anything for us
not a thing that must have been the
saddest day on CNN when they couldn't
get the white nationalists to do
anything except have the same opinion
and CNN
not a good look CNN does it seem to you
that now that everybody's a racist
meaning that literally just everybody's
racist and by the way I don't say this
with hyperbole when I say that the the
squad looks racist to me I mean they
look racist in the sense that they're
framing things in racial terms and they
think that something should be done
differently
because of something-something race I
think that's racist now here's you you
want to hear the funniest thing that I
heard this morning I wish I could give
credit did I tweet it I wish I could
give credit because it's so brilliant so
if you're if you're on this periscope
and you're the one who said this it's a
brilliant thought it starts with this
did you notice that there was some
science recently I don't know how
recently but there's some science to
support the idea that you're born
conservative or born liberal you know
that one of the defining characteristics
is that I guess conservatives are that
are more creeped out by yucky stuff
they're more easily disgusted and and
more easily concerned about security and
fear so so there's some some thought
that from in terms of your DNA you're
born with a certain propensity to be
either disgusted by things that are not
you know typical or but you also have
maybe maybe more concern about security
you know about safety
now suppose that's true or do you think
that's true somebody says Jordan
Peterson is talked about this for a long
time now let's say that's true now let's
also say that the squad and others have
been mocking conservatives for a lot of
different things is it not true that are
these two things not in are these two
things and evidence are these facts so
you can fact check me now fact one
science says that being conservative or
liberal is a is at least partly genetic
you're born that way partly true is it
also true that the the the people on the
left mock conservatives in general
they mock them specifically but they
also mock them in general is that true
it is true Geordi is animate Geordi you
know where I'm going on this if your
political view is that you're mocking
people because of things that they can't
change in other words genetic traits in
this case the genetic propensity to be a
conservative you are by your own
definition a bigot there would be no
difference no difference scientifically
there would be no difference between
mocking somebody with a handicap and
mocking somebody who had a genetic
propensity toward conservatism am i
right now when somebody pointed that out
to me it was the first time I'd even
heard that thought it was just
today I'm Twitter and I thought that is
a hundred percent true there is nothing
wrong with that thought you know my
first thought was there was just sort of
a funny political thing to say you know
sometimes they're just clever political
things to say that sound right but
they're not they're not actually
scientifically rational but this is
actually a hundred percent
scientifically rational if you're making
fun of conservatives as a group and that
group has a genetic quality that that
makes them distinct most of them it
doesn't have to be every single one but
we does n't work that way if as long as
most of them have this characteristic in
common if you're if you're mocking them
for being uneducated toothless rubes who
believe in conspiracy theories or
whatever people are saying about
conservatives these days even if you're
calling them racists you're treating
them as a class and it's a class they
have a genetic component that makes them
a class they are a class because of a
genetic component according to science
so have we not reached the point where
literally everyone is a bigot not always
just racist because you could be bigoted
against really
and you could be bigoted against gender
and everything else but have we not
reached peak bigotry where absolutely
well here what would be the the best
situation in the world can I tell you
can I tell you the best situation in the
world to know that you're in the
healthiest best situation I would look
for the following things everybody in
the world
realizing that everybody else in the
world
including themselves is a bigot just in
different ways so that there would be
nothing healthier in my opinion there
would be nothing healthier for this
world than to realize that we're all
bigoted sometimes because in my view
that's that's the moment of greater
[Music]
understanding I would say that the
people who would call themselves woke
are a level below where they need to be
there's a level above woke that's
enlightened woke says we must we must
make a separation between these people
who are bigots and the good people who
are not that's what woke means right
there's some people who are not bigots
they're the good people and we should
put some pressure on the people who are
bigots to make them less big in it
that's woke the level above woke is
enlightened enlightened says being less
bigoted is not an option we're all
bigoted because because we have a human
brain the human brain is not a it's not
a rational device the human brain
operates on patterns and we're not good
at patterns those are the two things you
need to know about the human brain it
operates mostly on patterns and number
two we're not good at it we see patterns
where there are none and then we say hey
it's a pattern
I guess I'll I guess I'll treat this
like the next one will be in the same
pattern even if it isn't because it's
all I have to go on I usually don't have
complete information about my reality so
I have to look for these little patterns
and use them as sort of a proxy or a
guide to what's going to happen so I
would say that we may have completely
accidentally president Trump's actions
and our reactions to them have gotten us
to the borderline between woke where one
person's calling another one a bigot and
enlightened where we realize we're we're
all bigots we're all bigots because you
can't turn off pattern-recognition
and number two you're not good at
pattern recognition those are the things
you need to know now what do you do with
it what would an enlightened person do
with the knowledge that bigotry is
universal and it's not something the
other guy does what would you do
differently when you achieve that
enlightenment well if you're a good
person in my opinion all right so here's
my personal philosophical opinion this
is no there's no news or fact here this
is my opinion you could choose to reject
it or accept it in my opinion the best
you can do as a person the most respect
I will give you is if you say to
yourself yeah we're all bigots sometimes
it happens to me and I'm gonna use my my
best social reasoning to overcome it I'm
gonna try to overcome it if you're
saying that you're the best person a
person can be a person who says I'm not
a bigot and you're a bigot are operating
in a lower level of enlightenment if
they say you're a bigot and oh my god
sometimes I am - you're operating at a
higher level and then in order to be
responsible to be a responsible citizen
of the world operating at that higher
level where you say yeah it's all of us
but what can I do
about it if you're saying what can I do
about it you're good at my book you're
completely good you're you're just
dealing with what you know how do you
deal with the fact that the human brain
is a pattern recognizing machine and
we're not good at it so I think the
president has laid bare the fact that
everybody is a bigot that's the fact I
think we can no longer ignore would you
say I would say that the entire
conversation about the squad the entire
conversation about you know immigration
the entire conversation about whether
conservatives or liberals are the good
ones that entire conversation should be
revealing in the clearest possible way
that woke is broke and that there's a
level above it in the president just
completely accidentally I don't think
that he had any intention to do what I'm
saying but by showing that everything is
bigoted and that even if you were to
take the position that the country is
the the best organizing principle the
president consistently says country good
people outside the country are on the
other team and the so-called good people
who think that bigotry is only something
that other people have those people have
decided to flip out and go crazy and
treat the country as if that's this is
somehow the same as bigotry so we may
have completely accidentally blundered
into a new level of enlightenment that I
think is important let me give you a
positive thing so without getting into
details of my personal life I was
listening to a conversation from some
preteens teens actually some young teens
in my local area we're having the
conversation and I was listening to it
the entire conversation was about race
it was people talking about their
friends like and they were saying you
know this friend is one of these if this
friend is one of these and you know
these people talk this way and these
people have this funny accent and these
people have this characteristic and and
that my first reaction to it was shocked
because all they talked about was race
my second reaction was that they all
loved each other which was shocking
because the way they were talking about
race was not really negative in fact you
know it was jokingly negative in the way
that teenagers joke but it wasn't
negative in their hearts you could tell
that there was affection and that the
race was a conversation and that they
were sort of let's just say they were
well way to say they were they were
interacting with the differences they
were they were talking about the
differences the you know that this group
has these tendencies whatever but none
of it seemed mean-spirited it seemed
like you know there's there's another it
seems like the generation coming up
talks about race completely explicitly
and all the time because it doesn't mean
the same thing it's it's lost its power
now I'm not sure that this would be the
same everywhere and with every group but
it's just one of those little things you
see and you say wow you know it looks
like it lost its power because the
people who are talking were you know it
was a mixed group so I hope that's a
good thing and I hope it's not I hope
I'm not misunderstanding what was going
on there but it looks like and I've seen
this before by the way it's not it's not
the one conversation I've seen it but it
seems like the next generation is going
to be just having fun with the
differences but not taking them to see
which would be the gigantic leap forward
for civilization I think all right let's
talk about some belts this is one of the
complaints I think this was on CNN or
somewhere I can't I think wasn't CNN
there's some analysts said that about
Trump and and his comments about the
squad someone said that he's playing a
risky political game though it may be
the only one he really knows how to play
and I'm thinking you have to you have to
dig pretty deeply to find something to
insult the president for if he has a
strategy that keeps working
yes his strategy keeps working but ok
what can we say about a strategy that
keeps working it may be the only one he
really knows how to play well if there's
only one strategy that might work and
it's the one that he uses and it works
is it really an insightful analysis to
say it may be the only one he knows how
to play yeah he doesn't know how to play
the losing hands he doesn't know how to
do the things that don't work what does
that even mean
everybody knows how to do things that
don't work now compare President Trump
to a normal politician so Mitch
McConnell of course got dragged into all
the controversy and CNN's Manu Raju
asked McConnell what would he say if
someone told his wife Elaine Chao
Trump's transportation secretary what
would McConnell say have somebody told
his wife to quote go back to where she
came from
which would be Taiwan I guess and here's
how McConnell answers that question
so McConnell is asked this big big old
racist your racism question and his
answer was that he was a fan of legal
immigration
McConnell just like just sucked all the
life out of the question it's like what
would you say if somebody told your wife
to go home
what would you say Mitch McConnell huh
huh huh take the bait take the bait
McConnell you do it do it we're gonna
get a quote out of you you're gonna be
all over the news will you say something
stupid Mitch McConnell what are you
going to say to that we're gonna ship
your your wife back home what would you
say to that McConnell says ah I'm a big
fan of legal immigration and everybody
says I'm not even sure that's on topic
but okay you just bored us to death and
we did not get a quote out of you all
right so I saw some speculation that
Iran might be might be convinced that
President Trump is going to be reelected
I don't know how they would be convinced
that exactly because the polls clearly
say that Biden will win but all the
smart people are pretty sure that Biden
doesn't have a chance so I don't know
how Iran is clever enough to sort that
out because it seems like they would
look at the polls and say well it looks
like every single Democrat who's in the
top four could beat this president so we
don't have to deal with this guy he's
gonna be gone and gone in 2020 but I
think that Iran is clever enough that
they listen to the right people and the
right people are saying there's not
gonna be Biden and it looks like Trump
is cruising to re-election so what that
does is it changes their calculation
about who they're going to be
negotiating with and it takes off the
table the option of waiting until 2020
and getting somebody else to negotiate
with who could give them in their view a
better deal so the fact that the
president's reelection looks like it's
there's likely gives the United States a
tremendous bargaining advantage
and it's created I think Iran is in this
weird little zone where they're trying
to make noise and they're trying to
cause a little bit of trouble but they
don't want to cause a lot of trouble
because this president has created an
impression that he is unpredictable and
you don't know when you're gonna cross
this line they probably thought they
crossed this line you know already
buddy but he played it cool and now
they're thinking about all right well I
know if we do a little more than that
are we gonna get you know bombed if we
do a little more than we've done but
doing less than we've done isn't gonna
make any difference so what are you
gonna do so I think the president has
put Iran in the position where in which
their their incentive to negotiate is
pretty high and I'll say this again
because it's so shocking peace in the
Middle East just you know the phrase
pieces and at least sounds some
ridiculous then you tell yourself well
it's that's not even a thing it's a
perpetual war zone there will always be
a perpetual war zone
and on some level that might be true you
know at the small level but just think
about this at this point in time with
this president and some of its luck but
some of it is is the way they treat the
Middle East and the leaders there etc
president Trump has gotten the Middle
East not by himself but he's a big part
of it
yeah the Middle East has reached a point
where peace abroad peace for the entire
Middle East is down to one guy who's in
his eighties that Ayatollah Khomeini so
if the Supreme Leader of Iran ever
decides to negotiate in in good faith we
don't know if he ever will but he's the
last person now maybe there's somebody
you know behind him you know if if he
were replaced maybe you'd be just the
same but there's just one position just
one person has to change their mind and
we're done
one person has to say you know I don't
think anything that we do is going to
change the reality that Israel exists
and it's going to keep existing just one
person think about that
have we ever been this close that one
person just needs to change their mind
and that one person is under tremendous
pressure internally and externally to
change his mind some people are asking
about turkey Turkey turkey is a weird
situation because there are NATO ally at
the same time we didn't want them to
have anti-aircraft missiles because I
guess they're they're taking shipment of
some Russian anti-aircraft missiles so I
don't quite understand our position on
Turkey because either you're a NATO ally
or you're not if your NATO ally do we
care that you have a way to defend
yourself I don't think that buying
Russian missiles is our first choice but
it's not the worst problem in the world
is it are we going to bomb Turkey I
don't think we're planning on bombing
Turkey so why do we care if they have
good anti-aircraft whoo and by the way
who is Turkey defending against I don't
know the answer to that can somebody
tell me who does Turkey think is going
to attack them from the air why am I
just thinking of this now I don't even
know why Turkey has a threat does
anybody even know because Isis doesn't
have an air force they are an occupied
NATO ally
somebody saying well I don't know what
that means yeah they're they don't need
the anti-aircraft missiles because of
immigration they don't need it because
their neighbors not really do you think
Turkey has a risk from Iraq does turkey
have a risk from Iran from the air I
don't think so
I know I guess they need them so is
those are the problems that we have that
one of our allies is buying weapons from
somebody else I don't know if we have
the biggest problem in the world but I
think we're very close to something like
peace in the Middle East
one person's away and that person is
tipping that person is leaning Turkey
can't use our equipment with Russia
stuff yeah well I'm sure that we would
rather send a cell Turkey our own
American equipment and there are
probably lots of strategic and other
advantages in doing that somebody says I
lived in Turkey I know I missed I miss
what what it is that you know internal
coos Greece everybody has a different
idea of why turkey needs anti-aircraft
missiles but I guess we're all guessing
all right I think we said what we need
to say if the only thing that we're
worried about today is we're all killing
each other bigots then maybe we can
reach a higher level and maybe that's
this year who knows I'll talk to you
later