[Music]
hey everybody come on in for the special
birthday edition Eric feminine welcome
Eric is here in the house
if you don't know Eric recently said
some good things about the when crypto
token that my company puts out and with
with one mention from Eric Feynman who
is if you don't know he's the he's the
very young genius crypto millionaire you
probably saw him in news and with one
word he took the when crypto currency to
the number one position on on it's
exchange so it's the actually it's a for
the last 24 hours it was the top traded
crypto currency on on one of the
exchanges Ron so thanks for that Eric
today is my birthday
I'm a young 62 getting stronger every
day and I do that just to make some
people I agree yes Gemini it is heaven
is we got interesting things to talk
about today I think you're gonna like
this periscope better than most now of
course it's Kanye West's birthday just a
coincidence
probably let's talk about all the fun
things first of all in the news
President Trump is announcing that his
terror threats against Mexico have
achieved a results and the results
that's achieved is that Mexico has
agreed to put more more work on its
southern border with Guatemala and to
prevent people from coming in and some
kind of agreement to keep people in
Mexico while they're being processed for
asylum and
also they're freezing some bank accounts
of some folks now it's being reported by
the president as they clean wind he made
a threat they gave him what he wants it
all took about a week everybody's good
best of all people are gonna say it
looks like Mexico is paying for the wall
now they might be paying for a wall on
their southern border but we're not
paying for it and it will stop people
from coming into our country so in a
weird way that these simulation works
it's entirely possible that Mexico just
agreed to paint from the wall now the
wall might be a virtual wall it might be
either their National Guard on the
border or keeping people from crossing
but it's a step in the right direction
now here's what to expect what you
should expect over the coming days right
after my simultaneous sip are you ready
for this we'll get back to that moment
if you've got a glass or a cup or a mug
possibly a Stein or a chalice or a
tankard could be any kind of a flask a
thermos a vessel of any kind if you
would like to join me in the special
birthday version of the simultaneous sip
and now is the time grab your cup and
join me for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous end
mmm mmm that's birthday stuff that's
good extra extra good all right so
here's what to expect with this Mexican
tariff solution situation you're gonna
find in the next week or so that all the
critics will say hey that's not as big a
deal as it looks or they're gonna say
they are sort of already gonna do that
stuff anyway they're gonna say look at
this video I have a people who are still
crossing the border into the United
States obviously it didn't work so I
would lower your lower your expectations
of how much of a difference this will
make it probably will make a difference
we don't know if it's at 80% difference
or a 20% difference
but is progress my favorite part about
it does a terrorist work it's probably
the most I don't know it might be the
most central thing that this president
has claimed that his critics say is
crazy and if it worked in Mexico China
is probably looking at it and saying to
themselves oh darn it imagine you're
you're the Chinese tariff negotiators
and you just watched President Trump
deliver what looks like a win
you know things might change in the next
few days as we learn more about it but
it looks like a win at the moment over
in China they're thinking to themselves
the last thing we need is an American
public who just changed his mind from
tariffs or a problem to terrorist work
so the big deal is China the big deal is
getting a win that changes how people
think about the potential of tariffs
because up until now besides were split
and people saying oh you know tariffs
are always a bad idea
tariffs are just a tax on consumers and
all that's true in some way in some way
but as a threat they work really well if
if you're talking about tariffs as a
long-term situation well that could have
a lot of problems and it could create
winners and losers that are accidental
and none of that's good but as a threat
as a threat it just looks like it works
now so if you're China do you think the
United States is going to back down
after a clean win with Terrace nope nope
they better start thinking about making
the deal because what's not going to
happen is the president having tariff
success with Mexico and then somehow
capitulating on China that's not going
to happen so that's good news for the
and also a fun new cycle I love that he
gets this this sort of thing done on a
Friday night and then the news has to
just sort of live with us over the
weekend there's nothing that the anti
pret anti-trump news at the press likes
less than having a clean win for Trump
on a Friday afternoon that's terrible
they're like oh my whole weekend is
ruined I've got nothing to talk about
except this this win all right I'd like
to suggest the following thought what
would you say is the biggest resistance
to President Trump if you were to name
you know there are million things that
people complain about but if you were to
capture them as a summary what would be
the summary for what the biggest critics
of President Trump are concerned about
him as a president his personality
exactly
somebody said in the comments his
personality now I'm gonna take you
forward in the future for a moment and
you're gonna laugh that I'm the first
person who said this are you ready this
is my promise to you you won't have
heard this before as soon as you hear it
you're gonna say oh damn you're right
and you might even laugh here's the
thought second term Trump second term
Trump Trump in his second term doesn't
need to get reelected nor but here's the
important part in the part that I've now
heard anybody ever mentioned before what
do you do about Trump's personality one
is it is second term well first of all
you've learned that it didn't ruin
anything in the first term so that's the
first thing and that's a pretty big deal
but more importantly and here's here's
the fun part whoever is president after
Trump won't be Trump in other words even
if it's another Republican it's going to
be somebody who's probably nothing like
Trump so the entire
that's being done to keep Trump from
getting a second term won't be necessary
there will be something like
capitulation now there won't be any real
there will be no importance of
impeachment in the second term because
you can just wait them out yeah somebody
saying oh damn you're right however
however effective you think this
president has been or will be for the
entire first term second term Trump this
world has never seen and it's gonna be a
thing of beauty now it's gonna be a
thing of beauty if you like his policies
and what he does if you don't it might
be a bad four years but you can give up
arguing about his personality you can
give up talking about impeachment it's
gonna be deal time second term Trump is
deal time look at China do you think
China might be trying to wait him out
try to try to get close to election day
so they can get the best deal or
something maybe but if it looks like
Trump's gonna get reelected easily and
we might see polls that indicate that
toward the election China's just going
to say we can't wait four more years
we can't go eight years of fighting with
this guy we need to deal second term
Trump is going to be about 50% of
stronger just in terms of being able to
do stuff that's good for the country
probably 50% stronger just an
effectiveness I'm not talking about
dictator bubble I think I think aren't
we over the dictator thing and that I
don't even hear the critics talk about
it much
is there anything we've seen so far from
this president that really looks like
anything could turn into a dictatorship
I mean really the stories you hear are
that Gary Cohen was taking documents off
his desk so he didn't accidentally sign
them because Cohen didn't want him to
you know you hear about things he wanted
to do that the
that the AIDS and the you know his
underlings are just wouldn't do I mean
you hear enough of those stories and
even as effective as he is in some areas
even as as accomplished as he is as
president there's nothing that even
slightly looks like a dictator not even
slightly so you're gonna have a second
term Trump who is definitely not crazy
that will be obvious after four years of
him definitely less provocative he
already is this is the story that you
haven't yet seen as a headline but I
think you would all agree that he is
absolutely I'm sorry I just lost my
thought because of a comment there well
I'm sure I'll get that back anyway
second term Trump will be fun he will be
far more effective yeah we know he's not
crazy we know he's not going to be a
dictator we know that his negotiation
style tariffs North Korea they have they
all work we've seen that there was a
great article in Breitbart by Joel
Pollak yesterday that I tweeted you can
find that my my tweet page talking about
how if you really looked at the United
States relationships and Trump's
relationships in particular with world
leaders it's pretty much all good you
know we got a little problem with
Germany but those are productive kinds
of problems you know we're not going to
have a big problem with Germany you know
there's no signs that that's a problem
and maybe there are things Germany ought
to be doing a little bit differently
such as funding NATO more so there is a
productive kind of stress there but if
you look at Japan great
President Xi great you know he seems to
be getting along with Great Britain at
the moment France has had its you know
little issues but McCrone was treated
very well by the president first aid
dinner so pretty much everything that
people were afraid of about this
president
for the first term has been disproved so
the second term is going to be a
president who doesn't have to run for
every election wants to work for his
legacy wants to make some deals and
there isn't just not as much reason to
resist them because whoever runs after
this is just not going to be Trump it's
gonna be some ordinary Republican
running it's an ordinary Democrat and
who knows what that's gonna look like
alright enough about that I want to
revisit a thought I had because it was
one of the rare times that I would
disagree with the person I called the
smartest person in the world of all rafa
I was watching his amazing interview
with Joe Rogan if if you haven't heard
that yet you should listen to the
podcast Joe Rogan talking tune evolved
Rafa Conte it's it's in the last week or
so that it was posted one of the things
that navall says that I disagree with is
that humans will always have the release
for the foreseeable future will have the
monopoly on creativity and their
creativity and art and those sorts of
things are things that machines won't be
able to match and what he points out is
that what we talk about as artificial
intelligence is really not that it's
sort of a pattern recognition thing it
can process very quickly but that it's
nowhere near the the qualities of a
human mind
now those statements were all true but
there's one gigantic blind spot then I
think navall has in his thinking about
this and I like to put this out there
now I'd like to put some context on this
which is that if you ever find yourself
disagreeing with navall you're probably
wrong just keep that in mind so I'm
going to disagree with navall right now
about AI and human creativity at the
same time I'm quite aware well I could
really be wrong about this
so I'll presented Li let you be the
decision maker now I talked about the
value of having a talent stack which is
having some experience you don't have
be an expert but experienced across
broad fields because that gives you a
different vision on everything if you
can look at it through different windows
you've learned economics you've learned
communication you've learned persuasion
whatever it is your package of skills
the more of them you have the more
accurately you can see reality I have a
unique talent stack because I have spent
time as a programmer a bad one but early
in my career I did you know learn to cut
mood and and so I understand a little
bit about that world not enough to be a
you know code and AI or something but I
know the basics I also am a professional
creator across a variety of fields so
I've had best-selling books I I do
Dilbert which is art you could you could
argue that this is some form of art that
I'm doing here at set and I'm probably
one of the most productive creators
you'll experience because I create
something every day and there's a lot
over the years so I believe that I have
a unique perspective because of that
strange combination of experiences and
here's my my proposal of what might be a
blind spot for pretty much everybody
talking about AI and it goes like this
you think the reason we can't create an
AI that has a human mind potential is
because we're not smart enough yet to
make a clever enough AI that's so smart
it can match humans that is not what's
happening what's happening is we have
not yet understood that humans are not
smart
in other words AI is trying to catch up
to human smartness and and the smartest
people in the world are saying wow I
don't know humans are up here machines
are only up to here and we don't really
see how we could get there in really
decades because we're not even close
this is a complete misunderstanding of
reality
humans are already way below machines
all of those things which we consider
human are our flaws our errors can a
machine be more human-like yes but only
by making it have errors can we ever
create an AI that would have enough
errors that it could look like an idiot
on Twitter yes how long would it take to
create an AI that could tweet like a
troll on on Twitter and nobody would
know the difference
well not decades not decades all right
but here let's talk about creativity oh
and how about creating a a AI that has
political opinions that are as good as
humans easy the AI would just say I will
join the team okay I'm a Democrat now or
I'm a Republican now it would look at
the list of things that Republicans say
the list of things that Democrats say it
would just agree with it steam how is
that not equal to human intelligence
humans don't look at the information and
make decisions based on the data and the
reasons all science confirms this we
don't we make your rational decisions
that agree with our team or feel good or
it's based on our lack of knowledge
that's how we make decisions there's
nothing like superior intelligence
that's happening none of that's
happening it's us being flailing animals
who rationalize our decisions that are
irrational after the fact
now let's creativity is this specific
question here now here's the thing how
hard would it be to get a machine that
could make a great piece of art well I
just told you before we started this
that I'm one of the most productive
famous successful creators in the planet
you know if you were just looking
at the success of Dilbert the books etc
and here's what I'm gonna tell you a lot
of it is luck how many things have I
created that didn't work a lot if you
were to look at all the things I've
created that were successful at some
commercial level it's very very little
for example creating Dilbert was sort of
an original you know idea and that
worked but once you've created Dilbert I
apply sort of a formula to it I take
people's real life experiences I put
them into the humor formula I use the
characters I've created at this point
it's more of a craft meaning that there
are steps and rules and you know they're
they're their rules to follow
that's all programmable but the initial
idea of Dilbert a machine could do as
long as that machine could be wrong as
often as I am that's the key
here's the part that navall may have a
blind spot for because he has not been
you know an artistic creator per se for
his life whereas I have well I know is
how often I can't create what I know is
how often I'm wrong what others say is
how often I'm right because you don't
see my mistakes you don't see all the
things I created that I tried and
launched them didn't work you know there
was this idea Dilbert was sort of one
good idea that managed to be
reproducible and extendable but it was
sort of one good idea
could a I create a bunch of ideas of
which a thousand of them are bad but one
of them that can sort of a B test
quickly maybe maybe with people and find
the one out of a thousand that people
say whoa that's great yes yes eh I can
do that and it's not a giant leap so the
big thing is you have to understand that
the best creators in the world are wrong
almost all the time you know the
greatest painter in the world is not
making a masterpiece with every painting
that's not happening they might make one
masterpiece and then people will say I
like these other ones too because
they're same person then there's
something good about them but I'll bet
if the first masterpiece didn't happen
the other art wouldn't look so good in
other words you're looking at chance and
a be testing and you're imagining it's
something magic there's no magic to
creativity its iteration until something
works machines can iterate until
something works and they can do a better
by you know ten years from now you're
gonna have a headset that measures how
you respond to things you're gonna look
at a screen and the screen is gonna
start randomly creating art some of it
might be abstract art some of it might
be landscapes and that sensor on your
head is gonna go beep beep beep when it
hits something that you liked and then
it's gonna say uh something in this
realm seems valuable let me keep
reiterating beep beep beep oh he likes
it when there's a picture of a landscape
it's not abstract and it's its mountains
beep beep beep let's try some different
design we'll put the tree over here
we'll put the bit we'll make the sky a
little more blue let's add a cloud beep
beep beep the best painting that will
ever be made here's my prediction to
wrap it all up someday could be in 10
years easily in 10 years the best
painting ever made will be made by AI
because it will know what people want
and it will rapidly a be test its way to
something that'll make you fall off your
freakin chair it will be so beautiful
you will get goosebumps no human will be
able to come close to what the AI will
be able to do in art in 10 years all
right so there's that now there's also
the human
experience that would see the human
experience that artists take to the art
but robots can do that simply by you
know querying people finding out what
they care about looking at what they're
writing bound at cetera so that's my
disagreement and I will make I'll make a
bet that in ten years there will be an
AI painting that will move you so much
that you won't believe the humans where
ever you know we're ever good at it
that will be my bet all right
there's hey there was a great tweet from
human progress I think that's the group
where they have just lots of good news
if they report on and I like to tweet
that was because it makes me feel good
but they talked about the fact that
there's no conflict in the Western
Hemisphere for the first time in human
history think about that the entire
western hemisphere has no wars just let
that sink in for a minute the entire
western hemisphere has no wars Thank You
United States I mean a lot of people
have a lot to do with it now somebody's
saying Venezuela and as well as not a
war it's not a shooting war it's not a
good situation but it's also not a
shooting war now the exception here is
the drug war and the cartels that stuff
still violent but there's not a nation
war you know even Venezuela does not
really have a nation that's fighting
against it they have an internal problem
just thinking about that it's amazing
but one of my favorite stories today is
that the the recommendation to walk
10,000 steps a day has always been fake
news turns out there's no science behind
the idea that people should walk 10,000
steps a day the the best a researcher
could come up with is that the reason it
came up with that the 10,000 is that
there is
some symbol for 10,000 and I think
Japanese characters that the character
or the way you draw it looks like a
little stick figure trying to walk so
because there's a stick figure character
stick figure looking character in
Japanese lettering and language they
said oh that the the symbol for 10,000
looks like a person walking let's go
with that so there's never been any
science to that which is hilarious to me
now let's talk about how to profit from
political disagreements I'm gonna throw
out a concept and I want you to think
about it to take it to the next level so
it's a it's a beginning concept and goes
like this so first of all for those of
you don't know my background is you know
I studied economics at school I got an
MBA
I've always been steeped in business
models and and you know how do you make
money so sort of most of my experiences
in either you take a situation and turn
it into something that could make a
profit and when I look at the current
news silo's I say to myself there is a
real inefficiency here and whenever you
have a serious inefficiency often not
every time but quite often more often
than usual that inefficiency creates it
an income opportunity you just have to
figure it out alright let me throw a
suggestion just so you get the sense in
it wouldn't you say it is true that's
something that becomes common knowledge
in one silo is often invisible to the
other side but it's not quite equal
meaning that the people on the political
right
conservatives typically are aware of all
the arguments and the thinking that's on
the other side but it doesn't work the
other way people on the Left seem not to
be as aware of things on the political
right that's an inefficient
which should if we're smart enough
create an opportunity for profit you
should be able to let's say it in an
analogy way to create an arbitrage of
some kind because knowledge tends to be
valuable and if it's if it's not evenly
distributed you should be able to take
advantage of that inequality of
knowledge let me give you one suggestion
now you will recognize this as
self-serving but you're still gonna
laugh right this is all self-serving I
mentioned that my that my startup as a
token that's number one traded token in
terms of volume on on its exchange at
hot bit I hope and you can also buy them
at Wayne hub calm just with a credit
card if you like the easy approach but
here's the thing if I already asked
conservatives have you heard of the when
the answer would be there's a good
chance because people have heard of me
they've watched my periscope they seen
my tweets so there's a pretty good
chance the half of the world or a good
percentage of them have heard of this
when token it's unlikely that the people
on the right are as aware so imagine if
you will the people on the right bought
them either because they're supporting
creators who've got D platforms so one
of my suggestions was I could gift a
bunch of when tokens to a creator that
gets D platformed or let's say D
monetize not D platformed somebody gets
demonetized for reasons that we
recognize as illegitimate the tokens are
not worth it they're not worth much in
the beginning so they wouldn't cost me
much to give them away so I could give a
bunch of tokens to a Dave Rubin or a or
a steven crowder or something like that
and then people on the right could say
oh I'll do that too now what would
happen if a bunch of people on the right
bought when tokens well they would go up
just like they did when Eric finiman
said good things about them they went to
the top of the hot bit I Oh
trading lists now as soon as that when
goes up in value
it starts crossing over to the other the
other silo because people who were
trading crypto are all over the place
there are conservatives there are
liberals but they're going to see it on
on the exchange so the Liberals are
going to see it for the first time on
the exchange and when they start buying
it because there's they see momentum and
it seems to be moving the people on the
right have already made their money so
in other words you could actually find a
way to transfer money from the political
left to the political right simply by
buying an asset before the people on the
Left are aware that it's something they
should buy so that lack of awareness in
theory and again this is I'm not saying
you should do this necessarily because
and let me save clearly any purchases of
crypto of any kind whether it's the win
or something else is not an investment
you should not think of it as an
investment all right I want to make
clear and I'm not giving you financial
advice there's no financial advice I'm
describing cause and effect
and supply and demand so if there's a
limited supply of this token which there
are because they're limited it's limited
by creation so we can't make more of
them if the people on the right buy them
first and that creates attention the
people on the Left will say hey what's
all this happening and they'll buy some
because there's attention on it and then
the people on the right make a lot of
money all right now that's just one
example but I'll bet you can think of
other ones they have nothing to do with
crypto in which this difference in
knowledge that's temporary there's
people on the right learn everything and
then it takes a long time to get over to
the other side you could probably take
advantage of that and so if anybody has
are the other ideas that would be great
so when hub comm is where the when is
purchased or you could get it at bet
Diet IO as a exchange all right let's
talk about the slippery slope
I probably have gotten more heat for
this for this than just about anything
else and it's the idea that if the
platform's start banning the people who
are that let's say the most provocative
voices that there's a slippery slope and
really the entire the the real plan is
to get rid of mainstream conservative
voices and that it's going in that
direction and I've said the slippery
slope is not a real thing because there
are always counter forces that pop up to
stop it
there are natural counter forces I think
we're seeing that now so you saw that
YouTube at first demonetised steven
crowder and it didn't look like there
was some easy way for him to reverse
that there was lots of pressure so the
internet and conservatives and people of
anybody who loved free speech complained
they complained and what did YouTube do
they blinked so YouTube said well okay
okay maybe it won't be that bad will
will let you monetize steven crowder if
all you do is get rid of one link to one
t-shirt that we find online now whether
or not Crowder does that ever or whether
or not he doesn't sooner or later he is
less relevant to the point which is he
now has a way to monetize so in other
words the slippery slope hit a wall with
Crowder that's what always happens in
other words there's always they're
always going to push until there's an
obstacle that comes up and this 8lu it's
not that stop
Crowder is still demonetized yes until
he removes that link my understanding
that into all the details but the point
is that Crowder was the obstacle he was
an overreach
apparently Infowars was not an overreach
in terms of this slippery slope so that
was sort of an easy one for the
platforms to get rid of and even people
who like him would say there was that
thing he said that time that
even even I don't like even if you like
him personally and I do like him
personally by the way he's been very
nice to me talking about Alex Jones Alex
Jones as a person he's a great guy
things he said you could certainly
disagree with them and and quite
vigorously in many cases anyway so they
think the slippery slope has been
disproved by this experience people
pushed until they had aligned and then
that line became a wall all right let's
talk about systems / goals I often talk
about this my book had a failed almost
everything and still win big introduced
this idea that having a goal can be
limiting because there might be a lot of
things that you want I got to do
something about my cat hold on a second
my cats decided to leave all my papers
on my desk it's gonna get it's gonna be
a mess boo say hi all right
so systems / goals goals are limited
because there might be a number of ways
to get rich there might be a number of
ways to have a happy family life happy
relationship so you don't want to limit
your goal tool though this is one way
it's just this one way that I'll be
happy so first of all widen your
ambitions because there are lots of ways
to be happy
and the system is something you do on a
regular basis so you don't know exactly
where it's gonna shake out but it's
having in the right direction it creates
a situation where luck can find you so
let me tell you what system I use to
make sure that that de monetization and
shadow banning doesn't go too far the
system is this whenever I am confronted
with something that looks like shadow
painting something on social media that
reminds me of it looks like throttling
somebody's complaining or any suggestion
that I or other people who are otherwise
good good citizens online are being
demonetized or throttled my system which
I've just started this is brand new is
that that day I will go and I'll make it
one post on a competing platform now in
this in the case of Twitter the
competing platform would be parlor or
gab so yesterday I saw things that look
like some kind of you know at least I
can't confirm but it looks like I'm
Ronald or yeah there may be some issues
and and some AJ Cortez for example seems
to be shadow banned at the moment so
because I was reminded of that my system
is Oh every time one reminded that this
is happening and there's some evidence
for it even if I can't prove it because
if you can't prove it that's a problem
too because you can't disprove it so
every time that happens I go to my phone
and I open up parlor and I make a post
now what I've done is I've weaponized a
shadow banner so every time there's
something that looks like shadow banning
real or imagined and this is important
it doesn't have to be real it only has
to look like it that's important don't
be stopped by whether it's real or not
if you're if you're reminded of it go
post on the alternate because that would
be enough to keep the alternate
platforms in business so the system is
that every day you're sending traffic
over to essentially create a a free
market competition because there's none
happening or else there wouldn't be this
shadow bailing or at least not as much
so that's one system here's my best idea
I've ever had you ready for this here's
how to use a system instead of a goal to
reduce mass shootings now when you talk
about guns and mass shootings there are
certain absolutes that you have to have
for your any plan or else your plan will
go nowhere so here's a suggestion for
reducing mass gun violence and I'll make
you this promise it will have nothing to
do with anybody's access to guns are you
okay because before I talk about this
you automatically think
he's gonna limit my gun access somehow
there's gonna be a new law no laws no
changes to laws okay so that's the first
thing no change to laws no change zero
change to access to guns Second
Amendment completely completely already
now somebody saying gun registry no
here's the second part no loss of
privacy so two things my idea will have
zero loss of privacy the government will
know nothing else about you okay the
government will not learn anything new
about you with this plan I'm going to
describe and no access to guns will be
denied even in an indirect way not in
the slightest way will it affect your
Second Amendment or your privacy here we
go and this is why a system is better
than a goal if you're thinking about a
goal you're thinking guns take them away
right goals goals take you to these
specific little places you think about
that can be that can be traps here's an
idea you've never heard goes like this
number one can social media with some
kind of AI and algorithms can they
determine something special about the
activity of people who are likely to
become shooters I say yes I think if
they studied all of the language and
activity and images and postings and
social media and maybe emails that they
have access to they could identify
someone who's getting ready to maybe
potentially be a shooter would you all
agree that that's probably true that you
probably could identify people who are
getting ready now it might be simple
things such as they talk about shooter
games they post a picture of a gun they
the you know they they favorite
something there's some violence in it
they you know they they favorite
something discussing bad you have Nazi
stuff in it whatever
so I think we agree that if the social
media platform has wanted to they could
identify these people here's the cool
part do you know what's really
complicated they're algorithms the
algorithms of what the social media
companies are feeding to people are so
complicated that I believe even they
don't know what they're feeding to whom
right this is important for the privacy
part I don't believe that the social
media companies that have any kind of a
database that says ok we fed we fed
these ads and this content to this
person and if they did they wouldn't
care because I'm not sure that they care
about what one person looked at they're
looking at averages so first thing is a
program that can identify people who are
likely to become mass shooters the
second part is automatically and without
any human involvement and without any
identification of the people involved
that are being potentially radicalized
the algorithm by itself D radicalizes
them in other words if somebody is in a
mood to do a shooting and has been
detected by the system no humans have
been involved right there's nobody
that's a social media company who knows
the name of the person that the that the
AI is identifying the AI does not talk
to people this is the key the AI does
not print a report it doesn't tell you
who these people are you simply feeds it
to their incredibly complicated
algorithm and then the algorithm starts
deprogramming automatically no human
involvement D programs the shooter how
do you deprogram somebody well a variety
of ways and we could probably find this
out through testing over time one of
those ways might be to send them
resources they need they might need a
suicide you know advisory they might
need friends the algorithm might
actually help them find a friend they
might need to see images of
kindness and generosity and things which
would at least give them some little bit
of freedom they might need to be on meds
they might need they might need to know
there are people just like them who have
been helped by getting you know say an
antidepressant there might be a
knowledge gap there might be a
friendship gap a connection gap a gap in
meaning or simply a gap of what inputs
are coming into their head so that's my
idea nobody takes away your gun
nobody ever learns who you are it's an
AI talking to an algorithm that's
feeding different content to the
recipient tell me that's not the best
idea you've ever heard for at least in
the realm of gun control it's not the
best idea in the world yeah right
all problems are solved nobody has the
gun taken away nobody loses their
privacy you let the Machine do it and
you know where did this idea come from
well the idea comes from the fact that
the social media companies presumably
can do the same technique to bias
political outcomes so if the social
media companies can use their algorithm
to bias political outcomes they can
certainly buy us other things and if you
can unbiased somebody who's on the edge
of being dangerous
you wouldn't get them all you know it
doesn't it doesn't solve anything you
know it doesn't solve the whole problem
but I'll better take a bite out of it
all right
that is my best idea of the day
I think I'm gonna what time is it yeah
okay somebody's saying yes somebody says
it has the potential to be misused it
doesn't have the potential to be misused
it's already misused there's no question
in my mind yeah again there's a smoking
gun but you know maybe the gun was on
fire you
I could easily be fooled by confirmation
bias etc but it seems to be fairly
obvious that the social media companies
are already putting their finger on the
scale as I hate to say but there's no
better analogy yeah and so we already
know it works or at least we know that
they think it works and they're pretty
smart there are no mass shootings at
inner-city schools ask yourself why I
know why does anybody not know why there
are no shootings at inner-city schools I
hate to say it but it feels like the
vast majority of shooters are young
white men and they're just fewer them
that inner-city schools so for whatever
reason it seems to be limited to a
certain demographic and I don't know how
to I don't know why exactly alright
that's all for now
I'm gonna go try to enjoy my birthday
and I will talk to you later