bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
so everybody how about everybody come on
in here and we'll talk about the very
bad date now I was trying to decide
whether I would even do a periscope this
morning yes it's really not any kind of
a morning to to have a normal day but
instead I think we should lift a cup to
the surviving families to the victims to
the first responders just so that they
know we're thinking about them we're not
celebrating we're not happy about
anything today we're all just thinking
about the victims and the families and
let us silently enjoy a sip all right so
I don't even it's hard to know where to
begin in the day like this the first
thing I'd like to say is you'd like to
think that all of the horribleness was
the you know the murders themselves in
the carnage and the wounding the death
and those of course are the the big
things in terms of changing lives but
the the horror of watching the
politicians respond to this is almost as
bad there there's a gigantic crime
that's happening if you can call it that
sort of a crime above the crime and the
crime above the crime is pretending that
we know why this is happening and whose
fault it is if you're blaming any of
these shootings on any one person
whether it's the President or the NRA
additive everywhere else I don't think
you're really on the right page I doubt
that there's one simple answer to this
I've predicted in fact that if you if
you count what drones can do now and
will do in the future plus these
shootings
I think the days of large public
gatherings may be coming to an end there
may be a time when that just doesn't
happen anymore because you don't want
too many people in one place somebody
will try to kill them now this latest
I'm probably conflating the two shooters
now I mean what are the odds we would
have two of these are the same day
there's something about the fact that
there were two of them on the same day
that's gonna make this more of them
twice as bad I think you all get that
right this one probably will change
something I don't know what it'll
probably change something I don't know
if the change will be access to weapons
and I don't know if change will be
political but it feels like we can't
just have another regular year after
this I mean something has to change I'll
tell you every time that something like
this happens you start wondering if the
Chinese model isn't better right because
the Chinese don't have this problem what
are the reasons is that they have no
privacy whatsoever so we might see our
privacy further eroded I find it
difficult to believe that the shooters
actions were not discoverable on social
media I find it impossible to believe
that our you know Google and the big
tech companies couldn't identify this
before it happened
because you think they probably could if
yeah if they were trying to do that the
presumably they weren't trying so
there's that so I'm not saying that yeah
I think we're beyond the point where we
should argue whether or not people will
lose lose their privacy we're way beyond
that right at this point is just what
what form that will take and how quickly
etc but all of our privacy is now gone I
I think that with the effectiveness of
modern weapons if you count the ARS and
you count the drones because you know
there's gonna be a drone mass attack
in this country that's less of a year
away maybe at this point it was a minute
but with these technologies make it
really easy for anybody to kill a bunch
of people if you've got 300 X million
people running around the country and no
services that are not enough services
for treating them for mental health and
other issues there's no way to stop this
as long as we have easy access to you
know deadly weapons and as long as we've
got 300 million people at a free society
and as long as many of them are crazy
that literally and as many as as long as
those crazy people are not treated in a
way that they can be controlled there's
just going to be more of this there
doesn't seem to be any chance that there
won't be more of this and and I would
expect it to there to be more of it at
an increasing rates so and when you have
these two super bad ones on the same day
that of course tells the story of rate I
told you before that people are not
people are not moved by how bad things
are or how good things are people are
moved by the direction so things are
getting better
people are happy even if they're not
better yet or at least they're you know
they're in a much better mood than if
things were moving in the other
direction the having two in a row and
within 24 hours is going to tell all of
us irrational people that the rate of
this has doubled now that's not true
it's it's way up probably it's you know
unacceptable it was very high but
probably didn't double exactly but it's
gonna feel like that mentally it's going
to seem like the problem doubled because
of having to in one day just a
coincidence now of course let's let's
talk about the blame here's one of the
things wrong with how people think we're
looking at complicated situations and we
think we can blame one
that never makes sense in order to get
what happened in that past day
everything or at least all the big stuff
had to be the way it was if you changed
any of it you get a different result if
nobody could find any guns of any type
you probably would have had a different
result if we had good mental health care
you probably would have a good different
result if our news coverage was
different you'd probably get a different
result if our political divide was
different
you'd probably get a different result
result and if the NRA didn't exist you'd
probably have a different result if the
Congress was unified in either direction
you get a different result maybe worse
maybe better but different so almost
everything that has happened know the
big stuff sort of had to happen for us
to get to this exact moment yeah and I'm
seeing some controversy about video
games let me give you a strong opinion
on that the the dumb people when they're
talking about video games are all going
to make the same loser think error this
is actually good example with loser
thing when somebody goes on television
and says I think video games might be
part of the problem immediately people
will come on and say it's not video
games it's mental health that's it's
five other things it's access to guns
etc
let me defend the idea that shooter
video games are part of the problem
the shooter video games are part of the
reason people think of doing it in the
first place the the news coverage of
other people doing it is equally part of
the reason that people think of doing
this in the first place it's not a crime
you would think out if it weren't top of
your mind you would have to have
probably a lot of exposure to the idea
before I became your idea probably it
takes the news industry to talk about it
too much like I am I suppose it takes
video games
it takes move
thanks TV shows we our entire
entertainment industry is built around
watching people shoot mask groups of
people if you think about it think about
some of our biggest entertainment
sources movies most popular movies are
about heroes and sometimes bad guys
killing large numbers of people right TV
shows large number of people getting
killed or short or small number but
somebody's getting killed all the time
so movies and television video games
largely about killing people and the
news the news is largely about killing
people when when you're looking at news
coverage of these items and Wars and
stuff like that so we are somewhat
continuously bombarded with the
suggestion that that's the thing it's
not a suggestion that you should go do
it but if it's all you're thinking about
it's what you're going to do there's
plenty of science that would support the
notion that were more likely to do this
is so obvious that even saying that
science is behind it seems redundant
it's totally obvious I hope to all of
you that the things people choose to do
come from the list of things that they
can think of that's it right it's people
don't say well I think I'll leave the
house and do something we've never
thought of before
I mean sometimes they do but it's pretty
rare more likely the things you usually
do are the things on your list of things
to do things you think of so the fact
that our culture makes people think of
this all the time including right now
you're all thinking of it right now far
more likely to happen now the news of
course is saturated with these two
stories and I think you know there was a
point where I was in favor of maybe not
covering them you know under the theory
that if nobody talked about it the fewer
people would be reminded of it and think
of it but I think the internet would
keep
everything alive at this point you know
the new even the news coverage wouldn't
make any difference people would still
still find this content they played
their video games they watch their
movies they hear about other ones in the
past so I think there's nothing you can
do and people are gonna have to deal
with the fact that there's nothing you
can do now I think that there needs to
be a real conversation about oh god I
just want to slap myself for saying that
sentence let me chastise myself before I
chastise other people if you see anybody
say the phrase we need to have a real
conversation about instead of that
sentence why you should hear in your
head is I'm an idiot
and I have no idea what anybody should
do just replace that sentence every time
you get and you're gonna hear a lot we
need to have a national conversation
about gun safety national conversation
about mental health whatever it is if
you hear somebody say we have to have a
national conversation and they don't
have any idea just replace it in your
head with I'm an idiot I don't know what
to do but I need to say something and
you watched me literally just do that
like that sentence actually came out of
my mouth because I felt like that was
somehow helpful it's not helpful to say
we should have a national conversation
doesn't help everybody knows that just
doesn't help so don't say that I'm gonna
make your prediction I think automatic
weapons will become illegal now probably
using the wrong term let's say the the
assault rifle the ars I think I think
this probably is the tipping point it
might not happen right away so I'm not
saying you're gonna see a lot a year but
I think that this will always be the day
that politicians will be able to sort of
leverage off of and I think that they're
going to make
ARS illegal now there may be some hybrid
law where the ones that are already the
ones that are already out there and
maybe their grandfather didn't just like
the fully automatic weapons maybe
something like that but I do think the
ARS will become illegal now if you're
wondering is that my opinion I would say
I don't have an opinion yet because I
feel a little longer informed on the
topic so it's a prediction it's not an
opinion and I'm not saying it happens
right away but from this point forward
there's no longer a question about
whether it will happen so that's my
prediction the question of whether ARS
will be banned I think just got answered
now and somebody says did they use a
ours I don't know
doesn't matter probably not so anybody
who says but what about my logic and
they'll say but my logic says bad people
can get guns anyway my logic says you
couldn't kill more people with a handgun
true my logic says you know you can do
just as much damage with other weapons
true won't make any difference we're way
beyond the point where your logic no
matter how accurate no matter how true
makes any difference I think that this
event is big enough that it changes
things now I don't know if the change
will make any difference because
remember I'm not saying your arguments
are bad those of you saying if you get
rid of the ARS even in the unlikely in
the unlikely you know future that you
could actually do that because it'd be
hard to do but even if you could would
it make any difference maybe not I think
people might just use handguns and
explosives and in drones or whatever who
knows it might not make any difference
and I'm not saying you would I'm just
saying it will happen I'm just saying
that the weapons the a are you know what
whether or not they were used in both
the taxes
relevant I think they were used at least
one people telling me that it was an
ak-47 what's the difference between an
ak-47 and an AR you'll probably tell me
before I can find it I'm not I'm not a
gun guy I'm prone the Second Amendment
but not a gun enthusiast all right so
yeah and then people are saying what
about printed guns and blah blah blah
blah so I'm gonna acknowledge
acknowledge the following things your
logic of why a gun ban won't work or is
a bad idea might be perfect all of your
facts might be right they won't matter
anymore this this double murder
and I hate to use this phrase but it
really it really does become the
operative phrase right now let me see
how I can put this even even 24 hours
ago if you had said I am if you had said
in public
I'm pro-gun and it's because of
Constitution reasons and I love my
country and I'm a patriot
I love the Constitution the Constitution
gives me that right I'm pro-gun if you
had said that a day ago you would have
thought of yourself as a patriot someone
who follows the rules
somebody respects the past somebody who
notices the value of firearms you'd have
a pretty good opinion of yourself what
if you sent it today
what if you said exactly what you would
have said 24 hours ago and you said it
in public now of course you don't know
wait a little bit we all know we all
know that same things you know when when
situations are brand-new is bad form but
suppose you wait till tomorrow you come
out in public and you say I'm a person
who supports people having the right to
own these weapons that just killed large
groups of people twice in one day
who are you then
you the patriot because 24 hours ago you
could have said those same words had
those same ideas those same thoughts and
you would have thought of yourself as a
patriot you might even have thought of
yourself as one of the people defending
the freedom of the country because if
things really went bad an armed
citizenry might be the thing you need if
your government suddenly and
unexpectedly went completely in the
wrong direction so 24 hours ago you
could have said to yourself you know I'm
a patriot
that's why I support this I realized
there's a big cost to it but it's such a
big freedom I like it anyway I'm a
patriot if you say up tomorrow would say
let some of this die down a little bit
but still it's still fresh ish if you
said the same thing tomorrow how would
you feel about yourself would you feel
the same way about yourself I don't know
you know because I'm not really
describing myself with those with those
feelings I think you'd feel at this
point that you're part of the problem I
might be wrong but that's the way it
looks to me it looks to me like until
today because of the the horrible
coincidence of two of them that are so
similar on the same day that what you
could have said yesterday would have
seemed fair enough you would have said I
just like all the benefits I know
there's a cost but I still prefer the
freedoms it's in the Constitution I'm a
patriot you could have said that and I
would have said well you know even if I
disagreed with the outset fair
statements those are legitimate opinions
even if I disagree today tomorrow can
you say that can you say about yourself
you're not part of the problem it's
harder I mean of course it'll be people
on both sides of this and they'll
they'll they'll fight for their position
now it makes you wonder if there's any
kind of middle ground I haven't heard
but um let's let's just speculate for a
moment why if people were allowed to
have a ARS and automatic weapons let's
say they were allowed to buy them under
the condition that all of their social
media friends and family were notified
let me ask you that
suppose somebody proposed a rule that
says the following you can buy an AR
just the way you can today if it's legal
in your state you can go ahead and buy
it we're in a a K I don't know is that
even legal I've still learned what an a
K is because I'm not a gun guy but let's
say there are no changes to the laws
that say you can buy a weapon so the
Constitution is protected but let's say
that there's an added requirement which
is if you go in and buy a new weapon
there's an automatic report that goes
out to your social media following this
says you have purchased this weapon and
if anybody in their social media group
or the family has a concern here's
here's the email or the phone number of
law enforcement and if law enforcement
gets a bunch of notices maybe they go
out and install a gun lock maybe if
somebody's got too many complaints that
that the gun is taken away until
something is remediated until there's
some kind of counseling something like
that now I'm not trying to design a bill
on the fly and I'm not even telling you
that would be a good idea
I'm telling you that something's gonna
happen
and if you don't want these weapons to
be completely illegal and confiscated
you might have an interest in finding
some middle ground just to keep it from
going all the way to where you don't
want it and the middle ground might be
something that uses technology something
that takes advantage of of what's
changed in society social media is one
of them and there may be way to do a
deeper dive
the risk for a new buyer you know there
is right it's it's not as if we have to
wonder yes that would work how many
times have we seen these situations
where somebody buys a gun and there's
somebody in their circle family member
somebody who had a feeling that no good
was gonna happen there's somebody who
knew that let me give you another
example suppose you buy a gun and again
I'm not going to suggest this as a good
idea I'm just gonna throw out some ideas
let them let them percolate maybe
they'll remind you of something that is
a good idea so he says please stop I
will block you suppose you had a law and
it could be just the state it wouldn't
have to be federal they said if you buy
a new gun that has a high killing power
so let's let's say we make some
distinction between let's say a shotgun
and something that has potential to fire
a lot of rounds in a short-term short
period let's say that if you buy one of
the effective killing machines that you
give up your privacy on all social media
platforms and your phone that let's say
that your phone is opened to a third
party let's say scrutiny should you buy
a met a major killing thing now it
doesn't mean that necessarily that your
local police force could see it you
could anonymize it you could for example
say all right if you're gonna buy one of
these one of these weapons for 12 months
afterwards might be 2 years or whatever
but let's say 12 months your social
media all of your email everything about
your phone will be transmitted to a
third party who will keep it private so
long as there are no problems so in
other words it'll only be reviewed by
people who don't know who you are
you know strangers in another country
for example we're just looking at the
data with
the name and if they see something then
they say oh wow this this person just
bought a gun and they just visited some
websites that look a little sketchy I'm
gonna report that but if they don't see
anything all they see is somebody bought
a gun they've they've looked at some
websites on hunting they've talked about
you know going to the shooting range
well maybe you let that go so I'll just
put that out there it's just you there's
probably something in between having all
guns for crazy people which is our
current situation and having no guns for
sane people who might actually have a
legitimate use for them so if we're only
talking about those two extremes we're
not being useful because those two
extremes are the least likely place
we're going to end up somebody says no
thanks Scott that's like China well
remember we're not talking about
choosing between the good option and the
bad option and that's the part people
typically get wrong people who are bad
at making decisions will look at any
idea and they'll say that idea has some
downside so I won't consider it anymore
but what if all the ideas have downsides
what if the current situation has
downside what if there's no situation
that doesn't have an enormous downside
well that's where we are we're in a
situation where every option has an
enormous downside enormous I mean if we
keep it the way it is you're going to
see more and more of this it's obvious
it's obvious at this point that you're
gonna see more of this if you get rid of
guns you people are gonna say uh we lost
a basic fundamental because
constitutional right the government can
now dominate us because we don't have
any weapons etc and by the way I like to
throw this in every conversation of guns
the dumb people and and
I think you have to distinguish in the
argument about guns there are some
things that are philosophical
differences there are priority
differences and there are there are
differences on maybe how much knowledge
people have about different things but
there's also a part of the conversation
that's just dumb you know they're
they're just some dumb things and I
think those the dumb parts have to be
called out as well and I was going to
make a point but I just forgot what it
was
I'll get back to it yeah yeah now the
other thing people are going to note is
that there's a similarity to these
shooters they seem to be young white
guys they may be racists they may they
may have been radicalized they may they
may have something wrong with them but
in all cases they're kind of lost
there is a generation of young males who
are what's the best way to say it
worthless worthless and I don't think
that's true about most people you know
most people have a value you know you
could go to work you can have a family
you could you know join the military you
could you know help people most people
you can have a baby you know the most
most people have a purpose and a use in
life but there there is a a growing
number of people who probably won't be
able to have any kind of a useful job
may have trouble finding anybody to
marry them to have a child don't have
interest in the military don't have any
use there there's a whole generation of
people who are kind of worthless in the
modern society now I'm not that's not a
value judgment that's more of an
economic statement so if you could take
the think the opinion out of it and just
just look at it as an economic thing
most people have an economic value to
society
and that gives them meaning it gives
them purpose it makes them connect makes
them belong they know where they fit
into everything yeah so I'm saying an
economic value to take some of the you
know the personal stuff out of it but
there's a whole bunch of young men who
will never have the the talent or the
tools to be valuable
they will not be inventing anything they
will not be saving any lives they will
not they can't have babies they may not
even be able to marry somebody you can
have the baby because they're not
popular and they can't nail down
somebody that they want to be married to
so they're sort of like societal zombies
who have access to weapons of mass
destruction so what happens when you
make a whole class of people feel
completely worthless and then give them
access to unlimited killing power well
you're gonna get this so I do think that
the thing that will get the least
attention is that there's a segment of
society that is finding their experience
of just being alive in this world to be
so unpleasant that shooting people and
dying
looks like a good alternative there that
you have to be in a bad shape for you to
wake up and think you know I think I'll
go randomly kill people yet some of
those got to be terribly wrong this is
what men going their own way talk about
a lot the in cells etc I saw it I stat
about I'm making up these stats but it's
sort of directionally true that on
tinder something like 2% of the managers
are getting all of the women and of
course that makes sense right because if
you're one of the really let's say
good-looking guys or valuable guys on
tinder you're not there to find somebody
to settle down with so on Tuesday you
with one on Wednesday you with one and
you have
all of them so you have your pick of all
the women so I think the number of women
who end up hooking up with a guy is
close to you know the majority of them
but the number of men who ever ever
connect on tinder is like 2% because why
would a woman you know swipe a guy that
was unattractive it's always the same
guys so because technology has
essentially taken um let's put it this
way in the old days before technology
people fell in love and hooked up with
whoever was nearby because he had to so
you know you'd look around
thing I'll give you an example my in
heist
my dear in school there was a prom this
was before the Internet and I had a
small class there were sort of 20 girls
20 boys and in the entire class and so
there were 20 girls there were my age
there were in the pool of potential
people you could ask to the prom
well half of them had boyfriends by then
so really there were 10 girls that you
could ask to the problem I said and my
whole universe where I grew up there
were just 10 girls left who didn't
already have a boyfriend that you could
ask and I'm not really good at getting
around to stuff so I think 9 of them had
been asked before I got serious about it
and what do you think was left what
wasn't the pick of the pick of the
litter if you know what I mean so I
looked at my choices and I said I think
I just won't go to the prom now what's
interesting about that is I was I was in
was like last vice-president or
something like that and I was actually
in charge of the prom I I was actually
one of the people who put it on so I was
one of the organizers and put it all
together but I I couldn't even get a
date because there was no internet and I
was a little you know socially awkward
and slow and there was no option I
didn't have an option to have a date
except
some options that I wasn't too
enthusiastic about so if you took the if
you took the end of that away from me
you know I don't go to the problem so
but things are different now
and I imagine that we still have the
same situation where if you're in the
lower end of the socio
that you just don't have a chance of
getting of doing the things you want in
this world and then you add on top of
that that we can directly observe all
the people who are doing so well the the
there's a contrast problem because not
only do you know that you're not killing
it but you look at Facebook or whatever
and you can see that other people are
telling you they're killing it and then
you say wow the difference between me
and people were succeeding is gigantic I
might as well just go in myself so I
really think we have to deal with the
fact that there's an enormous segment of
people who are economically worthless
they're not worthless as people so I'm
not I'm not insulting them as human
beings everybody has the same value as a
human being we all agree to that I think
but economically there are people just
will never fit in and if we don't fix
that they're gonna do stuff like this
just to go out in the blaze of glory so
the worst thing you're gonna see today
is people blaming Trump for the rhetoric
now if they were blaming Trump for the
laws about guns I would say fair fair
criticism even if you disagree with it
it would be a fair criticism to look at
your leaders and say all right leaders
your your laws about guns or suboptimal
it might be contributing to some of this
that could either be true or false but
whether but whether it's a good idea or
about it
that criticism it's reasonable it's
certainly reasonable to question all of
our assumptions about gun laws when
something like this happens but if you
take it to the next level here's almost
one of the worst things you'll ever see
in your life it's so bad
if you take it to the next level you
will allow the illegitimate fake news
media to frame your president for their
own crime right and you see it happening
already the the so-called the fine
people hoax has come back today in force
so you're going to see whoever was who
have mentioned that already so it's
already been mentioned and when I if
you're new to this define people hoaxes
the hopes that says that President Trump
called the neo-nazis and charlottesville
fine people when in fact if you look at
the transcript his actual words were I'm
not talking about the white nationalist
and neo-nazis they should be condemned
totally so people see the false edit
where he was talking about good people
on both sides and before he clarifies
that he's not talking about any of those
people as being good people they cut it
they they edit it so it looks like he's
he's praising neo-nazis if you fell for
that whose fault was that if you fell
for the fine people hoax whose fault is
that
we'll say one of the let's say one of
the shooters was influenced by the fine
people honks see where I'm gone if that
shooter believes that the president
called neo-nazis and white nationalists
of fine people if the shooter believe
that whose fault was that
not the president because he very
clearly very clearly said the opposite
it's on video it's on it's in the
transcript it's in major news story and
stories it's been written about
extensively that it simply didn't happen
but if that is the sort of thing that
people hear in a radical
whose fault is that is that the fault of
the person who didn't say it or is the
fault of the people who said he did say
it when he didn't whose fault is that
let's take the comment if
President Trump had called African
nations were some other nations I guess
he was there's a little more broadly
than Africa but he called some countries
s whole countries suppose since that was
that happened in a smallish meeting in a
room suppose nobody had ever used that
illegitimately as a political weapon
suppose they had just sat in the room
and said you wish he'd used a different
word for that suppose the professionals
had been professionals and not people
trying to score a knockout against the
president suppose they hadn't talked
about it would you have ever known no
would the with the shooters if they were
influenced by let's say the president's
opinion would they ever have heard the
report that was a legitimate it didn't
really happen where they have watched
where they have watched that report and
said to themselves oh I guess the
president is giving us permission to be
bad to a certain segment of people no
because the shooter would never would
have heard that story the guilty party
is whoever leaked that quote and I've
said this before and it's gonna take a
while to catch on but I'm gonna keep
saying it till it does here's my rule if
you take something from one context
where a message is contained let's say
one person talking to one person or one
person talking to a small room if you
are the one who takes what happened in
that private or smallish conversation
and make it a public statement you are
the one responsible for the message not
not whoever said it first the person who
changes the context is responsible for
how it is received if we don't have that
rule you get more
this stuff here's why the people who are
illegitimately reporting that the
president called neo-nazis fine people
literally the opposite of what happened
who's to blame clearly the people who
are saying it not not the original
person who said the correct thing if
people are upset and racially divided
because the president said s whole
country's in a smallish meeting of
professionals why is the country upset
about that is it because the president
said it in a small setting in which it's
pretty clear he didn't mean it racially
or is that the fault of the person who
took it out of that meeting leaked it
and then the people who were repeating
it out of context which completely
changes the meaning it's definitely the
people who took it in the context they
are absolutely de brilliant to blame but
the way the way we currently think of
the world we automatically blame the
person who said it even though the
context in which they said it and the
intention with which they said it were
completely different than how it looked
when it was taken to a new context
likewise the comments about you know
President president's comments about all
not all that's what the critics say the
president's comments that the Mexicans
included rapists and criminals now most
people should have heard that and said
to themselves oh what he means is that
there are too many criminals coming
across the border certainly it didn't
mean there are all criminals and rapists
certainly the President did not intend
to mean that the women and children
coming across the borders are Ramos any
reasonable reading of what he said the
way human beings talk in the normal
world should have told you clearly and
unambiguously that he's saying too much
crime is coming in not that they're all
criminals because they're all criminals
is so stupid on its surface that nobody
would say it
ever nobody ever said that the children
coming across the border the Mexican
border are rapists and criminals but
they're part of the people coming across
so nobody should have ever interpreted
that to mean that they're all they're
all criminals or even that there are
more criminals in the Mexican I don't
Janek pool than there are somewhere else
nothing like that was sent but he did
use some unclear hyperbole that allowed
people to imagine that's what he said
true political game now whose fault is
that would you blame President Trump for
having a bit of hyperbole that
definitely could have been said more
elegantly and maybe more kindly to the
group that he was talking about yes you
could say that the president should have
worded that better there definitely was
a better way to approach that but the
guilty people are the people who turned
that into I think the president is a
racist and half the country are also
racist because they voted for him
whoever created that second message is
causing mass shootings is causing racial
division is causing the problem and I
can go right down the line and you can
see you can see the similarity there's
the thing that happened that probably is
no big deal somebody said something in a
meeting it wasn't really meant the way
it was taken when it was taken out of
the meeting and then it's turned into a
big deal by the people whose business
model requires them to turn things that
are not a big deal into a big deal it's
the business model they have to do that
to make money and of course the
political party on the other side has to
you know stretch it and and exaggerate
it and reframe it until it's the worst
thing in the world so if you're blaming
and I'm going to say this it doesn't
matter what party we're talking about it
we see more of that with President Trump
his words being taken out of context
because naturally use the president but
it wouldn't matter who it was if the
same thing we're happening
and I pretty sure I supported people on
the left a number of times when their
words were taken out of context and I
say the same thing it doesn't matter who
it is if you take somebody else's words
out of context and you present the man
of context you're responsible for that
message not not the person who said it
in a different context the person who
said it in a different context is
responsible for that context because
because you can't separate a message
from the situation in which it was said
and yet we do if you were to blame
people for deepening racial feelings who
would be your biggest the biggest
violator shall we say who would be most
responsible for the racial division is
it the person who says things that could
have been said better or the people who
pretend it was much different than what
was said it's definitely the liars who
take it to somewhere else they're
clearly the ones who are most
responsible all right but we will of
course not do any rational things today
because that's not who we are we will we
will posture and try to gain an
advantage and be our usual horrible
selves for another day hoping tomorrow
will be different by the way tomorrow I
may be traveling so I don't know if I'll
do a periscope tomorrow but I'll talk to
you soon in any case