it's time for a
show everything's going to be amazing
today let me get your comments on locals
working there we
[Music]
go good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
you've never had a better time but if
you'd like to take it up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
tiny shiny human brains all you need for
that is a cover Mar a glass of tank of
chel Stein a canteen juger flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure the
doping of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and damn it it happens
right now go
so good well special thanks to jack
babic for your kind words on X I
appreciate that I'm glad you're glad you
watch every day um how about the news
huh there's a lot of news today let's
see if we can pound through
it we'll uh we'll get to the serious
stuff in a minute but we people are
streaming in um according to the AP in
Los Angeles uh 30 offic officers at a
Southern California Juvenile Detention
Facility have been charged for holding
uh what they call Gladiator fights with
with the miners so it's a it's not even
an adult facility it's a juvenile
DET I'm not supposed to laugh at this
it's a juvenile detention center but
apparently there were organizing the the
officers were not not the inmates but he
uh the guards were were organizing
Gladiator fights where they would just
all meet in a certain place at a certain
time and fight it
out now I know somebody who uh has had a
more interesting life than than I have
and claims that this is completely
normal for adult detention facilities
that the guards do in fact organize
fights among the uh the inmates for the
adults I didn't know it was happening
juvenile facilities that just you know
makes it extra bad but if you think this
just happened in one place and there
were 30 officers who are all in on
it I got to wake you up this is closer
to standard
procedure the guards if they hate the uh
the inmates any particular ones they
organize a fight and they just put the
ones they hate in the fight and they
just stand back and watch it that that's
a real
thing all right well according to
attorney general Pam Bondi there's an
alleged truckload of Epstein files that
were released by guess what the uh
southern district of New York I guess
that's where they they were all being
stored and uh not unrelated the uh the
head of that FBI the southern district
New York was asked to resign partly
because he told people to dig in and
that was taken as resisting you know
Trump
Administration but uh also he wasn't
really too keen on releasing all the
Epstein files so he's gone and the
Epstein files are in a truck and uh Pam
Bonnie says that
um that they're going to be delivered or
theyve already been delivered and now
they have to go through them and uh and
uh then they'll figure out just what
they can cannot show do you believe
that I don't believe any of it do you
think that they fought so hard to to not
show it that they wouldn't also destroy
the good stuff the truckload doesn't
mean there's any good stuff so I'm going
to guess that when they get in there
they're going to say huh according to
the evidence records and the document
page numbers it feels like all the good
stuff has been removed
or the FBI itself will again even even
if it's cash Patel or somebody else
will just block out the things that
we're not supposed to see and maybe
that's all the stuff that we really
wanted to see so I'm going to say just
for
fun uh I don't believe it's real I do
believe there's a truck I do believe
it's got a lot of Epstein files in it I
do not believe this means we're going to
find out the good stuff
I I think it's just going to be more
repeats of things we've seen but with a
lot more detail so I don't trust this at
all but it does look like Pam Bondi is
dead serious and it looks like cash
Patel is dead serious about trying so
I'm going to give them A+ for trying but
I feel like the Deep state may have
already removed any possibility of
finding the good stuff we'll see that's
just speculation
well Rachel M trying to Sal the idea
that Trump is working with Putin a
Russian puppet you know the usual thing
it wouldn't matter what Trump did Trump
woke up today oh he woke up like a
Russian puppet Trump took a walk on the
golf course oh that's exactly what Putin
would want him to do so she writes up
this super academic list of all the ways
that that Trump is already
already helping Putin and it's such it's
such an academic and boring and
complicated well but you know this could
be connected in some way you know this
stretching the idea of of the connection
let me give you some
examples uh so here's one of the ways
that Trump is allegedly helping
Putin um he weakened this is from Rachel
M uh he weakened the nuclear security by
firing
Personnel okay we're reducing Personnel
in basically everything that Doge
touches so basically everything that
Doge touches you know ends up in people
being uh
fired and every time no matter what
department it is somebody says but those
are the best people those are the best
you got rid of all the best people what
are we going to do now the nuclear
security is probably exactly the same so
no that's probably had nothing to do
with Putin probably just was cost
cutting and then she said that uh that
Trump has disbanded key us Counter
Intelligence
units um eliminated the FBI's foreign
influence task force which investigated
secret foreign lobbying by adversaries
such as
Russia okay so it's something that
affects all of our other adversaries and
but also our allies because they always
try to influence us too so it was a
general
rule but Rachel's like that looks like
that's for Putin so almost anything that
Trump does you can make an argument but
indirectly indirectly that looks like
that's for Putin so it's the most boring
and academic and ridiculous list but
it's good enough for her audience who
are as you know all
idiots so here's here's one we don't
know why yet but P Heth has ordered a
pause in US cyber offensive against
Russia according to the BBC so the US
just stopped doing offensive cyber
attacks on
Russia to which I say now that doesn't
mean they stopped doing defensive stuff
of course but why would you stop
offensive cyber attacks
well if I were getting ready to
negotiate piece I would show them that
we were capable of doing that I wouldn't
wait forever you know we're not going to
wait forever for Russia to sign a deal
but one of the things that Trump is good
at is bringing new variables into a
negotiation so suddenly cyber attacks
are on the table and then separately
there's a report that uh that Russia has
been asked to help communicate with Iran
to work out a
nuclear um some kind of a
nonproliferation or something uh
something about their nuclear program
but the idea is that Russia would be a
productive partner in negotiating with
Iran because they have a better
relationship to which I
say that doesn't that's not
crazy so we don't know enough about the
uh the pause in the US cyber offensive
but if it's just a pause and we're just
showing that we can do it and we're
trying to bring Russia into a more
productive conversation about different
parts of the world and how can you help
us and maybe we can work together and
maybe we can make some
money I don't know I I think you have to
look at the entire universe of things
that are happening to figure out whether
there's any room for a deal if all
you're looking at is seire ceasefire yes
or no ceasefire well you're not going to
know anything yeah have to look at all
the moving parts and say to yourself all
right is that enough moving Parts where
there's stuff we can give without
costing anything and there's stuff they
can give us without costing anything and
probably there's going to be a whole
bunch of variables that allow us to do
that so yeah the more variables that
Trump puts into the deal the more
success will it be I
think uh anyway and and we're not going
to stop our defensive stuff so it's not
like we're
unprotected so Scott Jennings continues
to entertain on the the panel with Abby
Phillip on the CNN and he said uh to his
uh to his TBL mates he goes you
mentioned the Europeans it's it's
interesting to me they spent more money
on Russian oil and gas last year than
they sent to Ukraine
collectively and then Scott Jennings
said that the proposed mineral deal that
got turned down by zalinsky or never got
signed he says the mineral deal is a
effectively a security guarantee and
what did Abby Phillips say um I have to
do the the Democrat idiot face because
it doesn't make sense oh that's not a
security guarantee that's not a security
guarantee you know you have to do a
stupid face and then Scott Jennings
would say well actually it's the best
kind
because it puts our own interests you
know tied to the welfare of the country
so it's actually a really good security
thing but it's not a security guarantee
it's not a security
guarantee you know my book loser think
there's a chapter in there which I talk
about people who argue by
definition you can't win an argument
with a
definition that's like not even playing
and that be Philip is one of the
definition people oh but but that's not
called a that would that that would not
be called a security
guarantee so let me ask you
this remember when KL Harris and the US
and Europe they were all promising uh
Ukraine that you know NATO would would
be helping them and they were meaning
that they would let Ukraine into NATO if
certain conditions were met and those
were kind of like security guarantees
weren't they
and what did that cause to
happen Russia invaded the
country
so how about the time when uh Clinton
promised was it Clinton who promised
Putin that we wouldn't be adding a NATO
countries on the border of Russia and
then we
did so how about those security
guarantees now I would agree that if
you're a NATO country you're safer than
if you're not but to imagine that we
wouldn't sell out with somebody for our
own best interest or anybody really any
country would countries only operate in
their best
interest so Scott Jennings is completely
correct that having a big financial
interest in the country probably keeps
them a lot safer than if we didn't but
if the only thing we did is said hey I
promise you if they attack we'll be
there tomorrow can you trust that is
that enough of a
guarantee what does it take to be a
guarantee it's not like there's some
court that could make us do it what if
we say well that's a special case we
can't get involved in
that
so um I think the definition this is
also a very Democratic thing to do to
insist that there's only one definition
of a thing and and just act like it um
we uh we don't think that biological men
should compete with women in sports
they're called women the definition of
them are called women they're women yeah
you know but we're not arguing the
definition of words we're just saying
that biological men they're stronger and
so there's a risk and sort of an
unfairness to the women but they're
women they're women it's a definition by
definition say it say it say it they're
women and then they do the same thing
with January 6th they start with first
let's agree that this is an
Insurrection U well actually almost
nobody who was there or maybe some tiny
percent would have thought of it that
way almost everybody who protested on
January 6 thought that they might be
stopping an Insurrection so really it
would be closer to the opposite of an
Insurrection a protest perhaps oh it's
an Insurrection it's an Insurrection
they're called women they're called
women security
gues
so once you see the pattern that
Republicans argue about what
works you know what what are the
motivations what are the incentives what
does the system look like that's how
Republicans argue and then the Democrats
argue
definitions which is not even an
argument it's literally what a child
would do but but but you said you you
said you take me to Ice Cream I know but
it's raining and the car is broken but
you said you said I I know it's just I
can't because the car is broken but
we'll go tomorrow but you said you
said it's just a it's just a child
argument over and over
again so Reddit co-founder Lexis Ohanian
is joining a group trying to see if they
can put together a purchase deal for Tik
tock I don't know how many groups there
are looking at it now but they're pretty
serious people so if the most serious
people can't make a deal to buy Tik Tok
who
can so a post by John
stasel and if you didn't know this I
knew this but it kind of fits into the
the stories today so this is an old old
story but he mentions John stel does
that the New York Times
covered up Stalin's famine when he was
starving people Stalin was while
Millions starved now why did the New
York Times cover up you know the one of
the crimes of the century starving
millions of people why would they cover
that well it turns out that their star
reporter Walter duranti uh but also his
colleagues they uh they liked
communism's utopian promises this is
John stasel writing and uh the status he
got when his exclusive interviews he
could do exclusive interviews with
Stalin so literally the New York Times
was ignoring the biggest story happening
the most horrible incredible bad thing
and it was because the
reporter sort of thought maybe communism
is a good deal and you know if you get
past this maybe it'll all work
out now isn't it
great that the media used to be
completely fake and that's all fixed
now you know I always think that if you
don't if you don't know anything about
history everything looks different if if
you knew that for for sure no doubt
about it that our major media
platforms historically had all been
fake uh they were either controlled by
the CIA or or in this case probably
wasn't the CIA but just somebody wanted
to Li because it was good for him or it
worked into his
philosophy can you even imagine what
changed enough that this wouldn't still
be the case was there magic was there
some magic after this happened and then
and then the magic would catch it every
time it tried to happen again no the
Russia collusion hoax was just a madeup
whole thing what about the uh fine
people hoax which by the way and was it
yeah I think
NPR actually pushed the fine people hoax
again I think
yesterday
now the the media has never been real
and if you don't know that it's never
been real historically it's really hard
to understand that like it suddenly
turned
bad but most people think well it was
pretty good in the old days you know
maybe it got a little worse but it's
basically okay no it is always been
completely fake and there are reasons
for it there are structural reasons that
guarantee it will be fake because people
have interests and those interests have
money and U sometimes the writers but
nobody's really interested in the truth
they're interested in what works out for
them well meanwhile the uh tsmc the big
uh gigantic chip company that operates
mostly in Taiwan says they're going to
put 100 bill billion dollars into the US
to build uh and support uh semiconductor
manufacturing here
now that sounds familiar right because
we've had a few rounds of this company's
going to do that this company so I saw
Daniel Baldwin who uh works for
oann and he put together a list so it's
100 billion from from tsmc the chip
company uh Apple promised 500 billion
for domestic man facturing uh something
called Zep bound 27
billion
um 100 billion from soft Bank 20 billion
from daac I don't know what that is 500
billion from
Stargate 600 billion from Saudi
Arabia
now those those numbers start adding up
don't
they um the other thing that's important
that Trump understands better than
anybody's ever understood it is that
sometimes you have
to BS a little bit about how things are
going and then everybody's like really
everything's going in that direction
everybody every there's a big list of
people putting a lot of money in there I
better get on board it's how I get
attention it's how the I make the
government like me it's how I get the
public to like me looks like it's Trend
so these type of deals are being really
well
promoted and the promotion is probably
as important as the dollar amounts at
least in the early stages because you
need a lot more but you want everybody
to think everybody's doing it like you
you need people to just think oh this is
the thing now this is what we do um and
we're there I think I think he's
actually achieved that uh Eric D dhy on
X says that HP is looking to move a lot
of their operations from China to the US
in response to Trump's
tariffs so there's another story um the
tariffs are working at least in that
limited
sense and meanwhile Trump's telling
Farmers to get ready to produce more uh
food to sell inside the us because he's
putting tariffs on uh external food
coming in starting April 2nd now the
tariffs for um Canada and Mexico kicked
in today 25% on most things but energy
is a little cheaper 10% and I think uh
Canada's already matched it with 25% I
haven't heard from Mexico yet but one
assumes it'll match it so the trade war
is
[Music]
on but um the same time we'll talk more
about that uh OPEC announced that it's
going to increase oil production
according to the hill now if you
increase oil production C that should
drive the uh price of oil down because
it increases
Supply um and I don't know if that's net
good or bad for the United States
because if prices are high then we drill
a lot more in the United States because
everything you do would make money it's
like whoa oil is so high if it goes down
then even some of the wells we already
drilled um somebody's going to say oh
this was a good idea before but now the
price went down so they might you know
just cap it so it it certainly should
help with the price of your eggs and it
certainly should help with inflation
eventually and I don't think there's
anything
bigger so OPEC producing more is just
about the best thing that could ever
happen for Trump you know it's the one
thing that everybody agrees lowers
inflation or at least prices
today so that's good news uh
meanwhile uh X the xplatform is doing
more great work for free speech uh so
California was intro introduced this uh
censorship law for social media and the
essence of it is they require they want
to require the social media platforms to
have their own censorship um standards
but it's all kind of squishy stuff like
do you have a definition of hate speech
what is your definition of
racism and and all these things have
that
uhoh thing to them it's like okay we
don't want ha speech we don't want any
racism but as soon as you say it's
somebody's job to decide when it
happened then everything looks like hate
speech and everything looks like racism
because you could sort of you know
racial mat it to make anything sound
like one of those two things so it would
be just a gross attack on Free Speech uh
but it looks like X hired some lawyers
and
uh uh looks like it's going to be
blocked at the moment the court struck
down the key censorship provision
according to reclaim the net DD rankovic
so this is this is really huge and if
you only think of X in terms of you know
the the more obvious stuff it's doing
you would miss one of its biggest values
to the country is this uh musk will
lawyer up whatever it costs and he will
go after every attack on free speech
that affs X and this is
huge that you know you could get a win
like
that um speaking of which you know that
the Europeans are trying to do the same
thing that California was doing which is
create these censorship standards so
that they can control American companies
by controlling what they can do in
Europe which would you know trickle into
the United States so if they said for
example you can't post a message like
this whatever this is in Europe well
what are the platforms going to do if
you're Facebook you're going to say all
right well I guess we're going have to
ban it everywhere because if it's banned
in Europe and they're going to
completely kick us out that market if we
don't do this we're going to have to
sens
so um the FCC chairman
um was over at the uh uh Mobile World
Congress this is a Brendan Carr Brendan
Carr is one of the good guys he he is
very active and chasing down the bad
behavior and addressing it so he's a
giving speeches basically uh and he's
mentioning the eu's Digital Services act
which is the the one that would be sort
of a backdoor way of censoring
Americans and
uh basically he's he's warning them that
the United States is going to respond
you know because Trump has already said
uh he wants a directive to figure out
how to tariff them or do something to
make sure that they can't extort us that
way so I love the fact that Trump and
his head of the FCC basically are saying
This Is War
you you can try to censor us but we're
not giving up the First Amendment so you
tell us how expensive you want to make
this
because you know there's nothing we're
not going to do to make sure that we're
not censored you can censor yourself put
yourself out of business as a real
country but you're not going to do it to
us
and I think that Trump again one of the
Magic parts of trump is that he doesn't
Bluff so when Trump says were coming for
you if you don't change this they know
he's coming and Brendan Carr is like you
know Chief Gladiator so if he's coming
for you he's you know fully supported by
Trump
so we'll see where this goes but I love
the fact that Trump is completely at War
and isn't going to take this it's just
completely unacceptable we're we're
going to we do whatever it takes
meanwhile update on the Dei dominoes
so Dei has been falling everywhere even
Black Rock decided to get out of it the
big banks are getting out of it now
today Arizona universities are quietly
deleting their Dei language according to
kronite news now I don't know if that
means they're just hiding it but it
means that they understand there's a
risk and so they're operating based on
risk which is what we want uh also the
University of Southern California is
going to scrub their Dei stuff out of
their
um other documents and stuff and again I
don't know if that's just hiding it it
might be hiding it but still step in the
right direction if they have to hide it
that feels like a little bit of a win
it's a half win uh and then apparently
there were um there were some CIA
officers who were fired because they
were part of the Dei programs for for
the CIA and according to Natural news
but a judge just um
upheld Trump and Doge's ability to fire
them for just being part of the Dei they
didn't need a better reason so that was
a reason and uh so that's going to
stick one of my big questions is how
will history treat
Dei because you know if you went back in
history and let's say it was right in
the middle of
slavery what do you think the news said
about slavery in the South the news in
the South it was probably like yeah
things are working real good uh we of
course we got a lot of slaves so
production is up uh we had a good
ball um don't you think that while it
was happening it was treated like a
positive because otherwise it wouldn't
have been there but then you know a few
hundred years later we quite rightly
call it like one of the worst things
we've ever done and we've done some bad
things things uh but we all understand
okay that's just that's right near the
top of the worst things we've ever done
what do you think Dei will do in the
future I I have a dream I have a
dream that it will be treated by
historians as just
evil now it's not going to be full you
know slavery evil or Jim Crow evil but
it's it's right up there with Jim Crow
so it's like 40 years roughly 40 years I
think of absolute over discrimination
against one category of
people and lives were ruined careers
were ruined the economy was suffering I
think um it's just one of the darkest
worst messed up parts of American
history and I just wonder if history
will ever record it that way or if
they'll say well uh all the good people
try for decades to make things better
but the evil Republicans shut it down
after 40 years of being terribly
successful now it wasn't called Dei for
40 years but it was you know affirmative
action same thing so I'm hoping history
will get it right and say this is one of
the worst things that the country's ever
done we've done worse but it's it's one
of the bad ones all right this is funny
and
also predictable do you remember when UK
UK and France were meeting to figure out
what they could do about
Ukraine and then they came out to that
meeting and it sounded like oh looks
like there's a little bit of unity there
so the UK and France were talking about
maybe putting boots on the ground and I
thought well it starts with you know two
of the more important countries and then
then they'll slowly you know collecting
their allies and you know maybe maybe
they've got this maybe they figured it
out but instead apparently what we just
learned is that Germany walked out of
the meeting according to Javier Vore
European
conservative um so Germany just said you
know I'm paraphrasing because I wasn't
there but it was something like wait
what did you just say well our idea is
we're going to put boots on the ground
in
Ukraine wait whose boots you know
European so we're going to put some UK
boots going to put a little France boots
we we we can get some German boots over
there filled with people of course not
just the boots and then Germany was
like we're
done that's crazy and they just walked
out now if Europe can't get Germany on
board and it's not because it's
expensive it's because Germany just said
ah how about no how about hard hard
no so and then we're not even sure if
France and the UK agree on uh on what a
ceasefire would look like so so the
European Union or let's just call it the
European countries decide that they're
going to go it
alone and the best they could come up
with is two countries that almost agreed
and the rest of them just said are you
crazy we're out so it looks like they
got nothing but then on top of that the
uh EU head of the
EU uh says that they they're going to
unveil a $800 billion plan to rearm
Europe $800
billion and I say to
myself okay what would have been the
most predictable outcome not the most
entertaining the most predictable
outcome's let's see if you can figure
this out there's a possibility of
conflict uh people are trying to prevent
conf lict but there's a real possibility
of the
conflict if you were going to predict
what was going to happen the most
obvious prediction it would have been oh
so what will happen is that the
military-industrial complex will get
billions of dollars and uh and we'll get
screwed it was completely predictable
the military industrial complex they
just keep
winning I I've actually thought huh how
could I get in on this
military-industrial complex because you
know I like to be on the winning team
and I swear to God they win every they
win every round what's your problem uh
Russia you're going to need to buy some
weapons what's your problem China well I
got an idea you better spend a trillion
dollars on weapons it's like no matter
what we do the answer is always give
money to the military-industrial
complex so that's why we like Trump
because I don't think he automatically
Falls for that
um it's also weird that Europe has nukes
and those are not a deterrent to being
invaded like what what are they actually
buying weapons to do are they buying
weapons so that they don't have to use
their nukes if Russia tries to roll over
Europe and take over the
UK has Russia ever shown give me a
history lesson has Russia ever shown
interest
in conquering any country that wasn't
really either Russians speaking or had
some you know obvious uh strategic
value they're not good guys so I'm not
saying Russia is the good guys don't get
me wrong but do you think Russia has
ever wanted to conquer
France if they ever wanted to conquer
the UK or at least let's say in the last
100 years I don't think so so it seems
like if you just said here's the deal
we're going to get rid of all of our
weapons but if you put one Russian boot
on our territory we're going to Nuke
Poland not Poland we're going to Nuke
Moscow sorry don't aim the don't a the
new exited
Ally why doesn't that work you know if
the more traditional weapons you have
the more likely you're going to get into
a traditional fight but if you just said
we're going to get rid of all of them
because you'd be insane to attack us
because we only have this one defense so
we use it we'll just take out Moscow
with a nuclear weapon would you if you
were Russia and somebody said our entire
defense is written up in this document
you're free to read it and the document
says if Russia attacks even one inch of
our territory we're going to Nuke
them would you attack if it was actually
in writing we're going to put a nuke
right up your ass
I don't think so now there like I said
there's no such thing as a real security
guarantee there's no no
guarantees
but it would have to be at least as safe
as spending $800 billion for the
military-industrial complex some of it
in our country I assume but a lot of in
Europe while Trump's giving a big speech
to Congress tonight somebody some people
were speculating that he might float the
idea of leaving NATO I don't think so
because I don't think he would announce
that in his speech but hey he's full of
surprises Anything Could Happen he might
tease it I could imagine him teasing it
just to see what reaction he got but I
don't think he's going to announce it um
apparently according to election wizard
on
X the Congressional Democrats are
planning to disrupt his
speech and their plan
allegedly uh involves using a variety of
tactics including noise makers Hand
Clappers signs eggs and
walkouts now how do the eggs fit into
this and and why are eggs suddenly such
a big part of every story can we do can
we do any story that doesn't involve
eggs why did eggs become the biggest
thing to talk about anyway I
assume the eggs would be to what
throw if somebody threw an egg at the
president wouldn't they be
arrested would that not be
assault or
attempted attempted injury of some kind
of a sitting president Wouldn't It Be A
disruption of uh of an official business
I don't know if his speech is official
business or not but uh we'll see uh I'm
kind of kind of doubtful that eggs will
be thrown
maybe they'll just bring him to show off
it's like look I got an egg anybody else
have an egg can't afford it can you I
got an egg because I did insider trading
I did enough insider trading to have an
egg well according to Laura lumer and
some others uh apparently the left is
also going to organize or has organized
uh some kind of a massive protest in the
black lives matter Plaza before Trump
does his speech to Congress now do you
remember when we were more
innocent and if you heard that the left
had an organized protest you'd think wow
it must be a lot of people like Regular
People were just mad otherwise you
couldn't pull together that many people
but then you learned that these are all
fake all these protests are just
probably Soros funded or you know
Hoffman or something and that um some of
the people might be
sincere but this this doesn't happen
unless it's just a big fake thing driven
by people at the top with money so to me
it's just funny because once you realize
it's just theater and it's fake it
doesn't even look the same anymore like
I I can't even get mad at it because
like oh that's kind of funny how's your
fake protest
going well if you haven't seen Economist
Jeffrey saxs talking about Russia and
Ukraine you really should now he does
have what I would
consider a I don't want to say
it in a it's hard to describe him other
people would say he's
pro-russian other people would so I'm
not going to say that but it it lets you
know how he is received so one of the
things when I say Pro Russian I don't
mean more than the United States it's
just that he doesn't want to be at war
with Russia doesn't make any sense so I
guess other people think think that's
pro- Russian because he doesn't want to
be at war with Russia um but he says the
war is over because Trump doesn't want
to back a loser and that's all you have
to know that zinski is a loser and
backing him would wouldn't make sense
and it certainly wouldn't make sense for
somebody like Trump who doesn't want to
back a loser and I thought to myself
that is really cleverly
summarized you know if you could imagine
that Trump thought zalinski was actually
you know uh Winston Churchill and a
amazing figure maybe he would treat him
that way but it's pretty clear that
Trump thinks that zinski is a
loser and he doesn't want to Hitch his
wagon to somebody who's unpredictable
and not going along with the game and
once and zalinsky predicted that the war
would last a long time now isn't that
kind of up to
zilinski Ian it's only going to last as
long as he wants it to
so yeah I I think I agree with Jeffrey
saaks on this if the only thing you knew
is that Trump isn't the kind of guy who
wants to back a loser an obvious
loser um it's kind of all you need to
know
so
meanwhile uh Russia has allegedly agreed
I think I mentioned this to help with uh
uh negotiating with Iran over their
nuclear program Iran's nuclear program
and also talked to them about uh Iran
support of proxies in the region uh
Bloomberg AI was reporting this now what
I like about this like I said is when
Trump expands the
negotiations which he's doing instead of
saying hey which part of Ukraine do you
keep and what day do you want to do the
ceasefire total losing approach not
enough variables but if Trump goes and
says um
according to unusual
whales uh Ukraine's president zalinski
just
said quote I am ready to work under
Trump's strong leadership to bring peace
interesting because that's exactly what
Trump demanded he said we can work with
you but we need a strong statement that
says you want peace because the last
thing you said was I think the war is
going to last a long time we need
security guarantees we need weapons s
that's the opposite of working toward
peace so it looks like zinski
is reading the room a little bit better
obviously he's getting a lot of
advice but uh you see the bigger picture
right it's a really big world uh Russia
has a lot of energy they get a big
military they've got connections with
countries we want to influence you know
Syria and um
and Iran and we have things that they
want such as maybe not doing cyber
attacks maybe we're better at it than
they are so I think the conversation is
going to go to I'm just going to guess
I'll bet you you we had 20
variables which would be
genius because if you got 20 variables
everybody's got something to get out of
it it's like okay well you're going to
help us with the rant but also this will
settle you know Ukraine but well maybe
we can do a mineral deal with Russia
separately from anything that we do with
Ukraine and so suddenly you've got 20
different things that just make sense
just common sense you know you help us
we can help
you there's no reason that we should be
enemies now those of you who have been
with me a long time how long have I been
saying that the The Arc of history is
bending toward Russia and the United
States being
allies we're natural
allies now what I mean by that is that
we have more interests in common if we
think about it right yeah if we stop
packing at each other and and trying to
get an advantage and put the other one
out of business which is what we've both
been doing for decades if we just
stopped doing it and said how about
instead of trying to destroy each other
and putting all of our efforts into it
what if we tried to make money what if
we tried to make the world safer uh what
if we said if you stay out of uh you
know our part of the world uh there are
parts of your world that will stay out
of and I just think we have the most
natural um possibility of being allies
now part of it is we don't share a
border as soon as you share a border
everything everything becomes
complicated but we don't we got that
wonderful Ocean between us and more we
got Europe and an ocean
so I really
think my optimism of getting sort of a
giant 20 variable Russia
deal very high very high and the reason
is both sides want it and it's doable
both sides have really good uh really
good negotiators and and uh Trump trump
said in one of his announcements that uh
that Putin even used his own campaign
phrase Common Sense which of course was
very smart for Putin to do because he's
good at sucking up you know when he's
negotiating so yeah I think something
good could come out I'm 100% positive on
this at the moment 100% positive it
won't be right away because 20 variables
I mean think about how long it would
take to figure out 20 variables but we
can do
it
um so JD Vance was explaining how the uh
the mineral deal would have been better
than a security guarantee and he said
uh he said uh the president knows that
look if you want real security
guarantees if you want to actually
ensure that Putin does not invade
Ukraine again the very best security
guarantee is to give Americans economic
upside in the future of
Ukraine uh that is a way better security
guarantee than here comes his
disc I love how JD just slaps down other
entities because this is way better
security guarantee than 20,000 troops
from some random country that hasn't
fought a war in 30 or 40
years
wow that's how he talks with about our
allies well okay I like it
um and I agree the the only thing that
protects you is that the country that
has the big guns has a personal interest
so if we've got a lot of money on the
line I mean this could be a trillion
dollars you know in these mining deals
uh yeah that would be a good way to
guarantee that we we're interested and
by the way if you're
Russia and we said to you don't attack
Ukraine because you know we'll go in and
protect them we gave them a security
guarantee would that be
stronger than saying uh you better not
go into Ukraine because we've got a
trillion dollars riding there and we're
not going to let that just be taken over
so if you go in we're going to protect
our interests doesn't that sound the
same the the one where you say we're
going to protect our own economic
interest that sounds like the more real
one because everybody protects their own
economic interest if you said oh we're
going to go protect this country in the
other side of the world that doesn't
have a direct impact on
us even if we meant it it's not terribly
persuasive but if you say we're not
going to give up a trillion dollars in
mining operations which are critical to
our most important industries like Ai
and self-driving cars and robots we're
not going to give that up so if you move
your armies in we have to stop you and
you wouldn't even have to put it in
writing
because Putin would know that these are
critical mineral rights they're not
these are not ordinary things it's not
it's not mining for fun it's critical
survival depends on it we need to nail
down some sources that we can mine
preferably in other
countries anyway uh Elon Musk was saying
this about zinski uh he says as distaste
distasteful as it is zinsky should be
offered some kind of amnesty in a
neutral country in exchange for a
peaceful transition back to democracy in
Ukraine now how many years have I been
talking about dictator retirement
Island we always have the same problem
that if there's a dictator we want to
depose there's not really any path for
the dictator they kind of have to fight
to the death including killing all of
their own their own uh country people by
sending them you know against your
machine guns
so I don't think there's a practical way
to solve this but if we had just one
good Island and we deci here's the deal
if you decide to retire to this island
we'll give you an American passport and
you can you can live there you'll have a
mansion you can keep the billion dollars
you stole uh you can live in luxury and
we'll guarantee then nobody comes over
and tries to kill you from anything you
did before you'll just live with your
neighbors who are also retired dictators
be kind of
cool it's not my best idea but I agree
with musk there needs to be some way
that the alleged
dictator can make a clean Escape in in a
way that would just be good for them
because we don't need to punish them so
much as we just need them gone
sometimes all right here's my idea for
what to do to negotiate the who owns
what land uh on the eastern part of what
used to be Ukraine but now seems to be
totally occupied by Russia just the
eastern part um I saw a map of where
Russia was the main language I didn't
realize that something like is it over
half of Ukraine uh Russia is the
dominant uh language and people might
even call themselves Russian not all of
them but a lot of them would call
themselves Russians even though they're
technically ukrainians and so
I thought well if let's say you did a
vote and you said all right all these
little regions that are disputed that
Russia controls right now uh Russia
would you agree to do a vote well
nobody's going to trust the vote we
would just assume that would be rigged
so you can't really have a
vote but could you do a
survey I'm guessing that most of the
people over there still have cell phones
right
could you do a scientific
enough um and I would get at least three
separate pollsters to do it and then
compare them so that they would do their
work blind then the three would compare
to see if there's any major differences
in what they got and they would just
call people they say all right you if do
you want to be uh owned by Russia or
owned by
Ukraine and then you just figure out
what they
want now what if you what if Ukraine
said we don't agree with
that then you have to wonder what is
their
motivation if what the if what the
people who live there want isn't the
main thing then what are you are you a
dictatorship shouldn't the people who
live there be the primary ones who
decide now we also have the problem that
some of that area is depopulated so I
don't even know what's left so you might
not even be able to get any kind of
representative sample because it might
be just people who haven't died yet you
know old people and children and stuff
so maybe impossible but I would at least
look at the idea of polling them and
you'd have to have at least three polls
operating independently to to feel like
you know one of them wasn't totally
biased meanwhile Governor Nome of
California um according to Joel Pollock
and Breitbart is uh ordering state
employees back to the
office so nome's uh plan to act more
like a
republican seems to be right on point so
he's copying Doge and and making The
Californians come back to work now he
says only four days a
week which would be a
lot but it does remind you that the
Democrats just painted themselves into
the corner of all Corners by being
opposed to Common Sense
so when whenever they Embrace a little
bit of common sense it just looks like
they're copying and then you say well
why do we need them if they're just
copying you know just Republicans
already do it and you don't have to
wonder if they mean it because
Republicans tend to only do things they
mean so the
uh the Democrat strategy of saying let's
let's do more common sense things and
emphasize uh
patriotism and get rid of the identity
politics how does that
work from an election strategy
perspective so so follow me on this if
somebody likes what Republicans do and
they like what Trump does and they like
especially that Trump is emphasizing
Common Sense
Solutions is there any is there any
scenario in which they vote Democrat
because oh it's all the same now now
they're both doing common sense so I I
guess I'll I'll
abandon you know my love of magga and
I'll vote for a Democrat not many people
are going to do that because it looks
like one side means it and the other
side is just doing fast copying and you
couldn't even be sure that you know if
you looked away they would still do on a
common sense stuff because it's not
really in their
genes but um
meaning the party's genes not any
individuals
genes
and wouldn't it just make the the the
extreme people in their own party the
Democrats wouldn't it just make them not
show up to
vote so if they copy
Republicans and try to be the common
sense ones wouldn't the only net effect
be to reduce their own
base because it's not going to make any
difference to a trump voter not no Trump
voter is going to say oh look those
Democrats look good today I'll go over
there for a day I don't think
so so it makes me wonder if they've
thought anything out like even on paper
it doesn't look like it can work even
though obviously backing Common Sense
makes sense but how can that work now
the other thing I notic is that when
Republicans talk have you noticed the
Republicans have a vibe like you could
probably tell who's a republican if
they're talking on TV takes you about 10
seconds to say ah probably a republican
because they have a let's say a buttoned
up kind of Republican conservative way
of talking about things and I would say
that that's
authentic because it's the lifestyle
that they've adopted they they are
influenced by the people that they like
and people are around so you know nobody
is completely natural but Republicans
talk and act and think like
Republicans but Democrats have this
weird thing where the most prominent
part of their party are just theater
kids and they try to sell their ideas
with their faces have you noticed that
if if you listen to a republican trying
to sell a policy they'll say well if we
do this and that we'll get this impact
so that's why we want to do it just
policy but if you get any one of these
cats out shiff Chris Murphy Jamie Raskin
AOC swell Elizabeth Warren or Schumer
they do face
persuasion where they they just crunch
up their face to show how terrible
something is that Trump is
doing it's so bad oh it's so bad he's H
there he's H there and none of it makes
sense and they they do uh you know
definition thinking and analogy thinking
literally
analogy because they say oh he's acting
like Hitler now an analogy which is not
anything or oh the definition of an
Insurrection these are not even attempts
to be part of the rational
conversation because none of that's
rational uh so instead they send
actors now it doesn't mean that every
Democrat is an actor because they have
you know normal ones but the normal ones
are not on TV the ones that get on TV
are the are the ones who do the faces
oh it's so bad I've got so much empathy
oh look look at the little things in my
forehead look at those lines on my
forehead that's that's how serious I am
about how bad it is it they're so beyond
pathetic at this point that it just
seems funny and my new favorite is Chris
Murphy because that guy doesn't look
genuine even a little bit he literally
just looks like a theater kid who's just
so happy he can do his you know he can
do his act on
TV anyway tariffs tariffs
tariffs uh Trump is doubling his tariffs
on China over the fenol
crisis I'm in favor of that I'm in favor
of uh pressing China in every way we can
I don't think that a tariff will end um
their fental practice because I think
their benefit is to Big it's a huge
burden on the United States they don't
care about our deaths and so clearly
strategically they're going to keep
doing it but there is one thing that
they do care about which is being shamed
on the public stage and by putting
gigantic tariffs on them because they're
sending fenel to us and we know they can
stop it
that is a way to shame them without just
getting in she's face we just say this
is going to stop we're going to press
every button and we're going to make a
lot of noise forever and it's going to
be one of the biggest things that
anybody thinks about when they think
about China so China if you want your
reputation to be that your drug
dealers you win because we're going to
make sure that your reputation is drug
dealers so if you want uh that to be
your brand uh Trump will be happy to
make that come true for you now that
might have some
power um not by itself so again you'd
have to add 20 variables to get any kind
of a deal that really stopped
fenel but I don't know if fentanyl can
be stopped but I do like the level of
effort that Trump's putting into
it meanwhile China is halting Imports of
us
logs and it's suspend suspending Imports
of our soybeans
no what what will happen to our logs and
our soybeans now of course these are
tragedies for the industries involved I
don't want to minimize it but the thing
you should
probably um
expect is that prices will go up in the
short term and the short term could be a
year but it might be more than a year
but everything he's doing collectively
makes sense in the long term and it's a
hard sell if you say to people hey I've
got an idea we're going to raise your
prices for the next year or two uh in
the worst possible way but when we're
done we're going to be in a solid ground
and prices will drift down and we need
to do this is the only way to survive
you can't really sell that because the
all the public would hear is what about
the price of my eggs okay I just said
they'd go up what about the price of my
gas well it might go up but the only way
we can get to a point where it's
domestic manufacturing and all the
things we need to uh reduce cost like
creating more energy the only way we get
there is through this hard road so we
got to do it well you can't really sell
that so um I expect it to get a little
worse before it gets better so that
would be the most natural
outcome Trump said he's considering a
free trade agreement with Argentina I
guess that means no tariffs and no
duties and no vat taxes so that would be
a big deal I can't imagine that M of
Argentina would say no to that because
he's a free market guy so is Trump so um
I like the fact that Trump is saying
this part of the world no
tariffs I like that a lot that's a
really good way to run a continent
well here's a seriously disturbing uh
note so representative Nancy mace who's
talked about this in public before so I
don't know the details but my
understanding is she was a victim of a
horrific sex related crime with multiple
people and maybe the suggestion that
there was a videotape so drugged raped
and videotaped now that's what people
are saying I don't know the details but
she said this in a post on X I
understand video or videos may have been
released via media Outlet tonight I hope
this warrants the state to search for
certain devices and certain tapes at a
certain
location
what is she suggesting that the crime
against her might be on video and that
somebody may be releasing it today now I
assume it' be you know censored at least
a little bit
but I got to say I certainly admire her
guts that the fact that she's taking
ownership of what had to be the most
horrific thing that ever happened to her
I'm guessing um the fact that instead of
just avoiding it or not talking about it
she's going right at it she wants you to
know what
happened and it looks like she wants you
to know who it was and I I feel like she
knows who it was but I I don't know if
she's for any reason decided not to talk
about it yet but if this video comes
out there will be faces on the screen
and they won't all be hers if it's if it
is her at all we're we're speculating
that's what it looks like well this is
funny uh according to Retro
Coast um when Doge tried to remove the
credit cards from government employees I
guess it was the Department of Defense
who was running up all kinds of
entertainment and Babs and travel on
their their government credit cards like
a lot like just totally under control uh
because nothing's audited seems like so
they tried to just remove the credit
cards from government employees but some
kind of federal judge blocked it so
instead of removing the credit cards
they just reset the limit to
$1 so they can keep their credit cards
but it's only $1 limit per month well
maybe just
$1 according to rasmason 61% believe
that an audit of the Social Security
System would reveal widespread fraud in
the program
61% that means there are
39% who don't expect widespread fraud in
our social security they are very
optimistic um in many ways that's the
best Doge endorsement you could get the
61% thinking audit of the Social
Security is going to find massive fraud
that is quite an
endorsement of the why don't you look at
everything and and find that fraud for
us so I like that meanwhile NASA
scientist according to brighter side of
news and Joseph shavit um the reporting
on a propellantless propulsion for
Rockets space rockets and propellantless
means it's not based on stuff explos put
in the Rocket's ass to drive it forward
or rather it generates thrust using
electric
Fields rather than expelling
Mass so the thinking is if they can
perfect this it would be just this
enormous Leap Forward in space travel
because you wouldn't need to have fuel
that you're burning it probably would be
easier to generate electricity which in
in turn would you know manipulate these
electric Fields so I think they
surprised themselves how well work all
right ladies and gentlemen that is what
I have for
today thank you for joining another
tight hour of fun I'm going to say hi to
the uh people on
locals privately but the rest of you
thanks for joining on Rumble and YouTube
and x and
locals coming at you in 30
seconds I'll definitely be watching the
President tonight uh I don't know if
I'll stream it probably
not
e
e e