bum bum bum bum bum bum buh buh-buh-buh
jo-ann you're always so quick Andrew you
too you're quick on the buttons come on
in here everybody Tyler so I don't know
if you're following Twitter or the news
but if you're following Twitter you've
learned some exciting things if you're
following CNN you haven't learned
anything it turns out that CNN has
decided to just stop covering news yeah
let's just stop covering news we'll just
cover things that make the president
look bad
whether it's news or not if we need to
make something up we'll do it we're
approaching a thousand viewers and oh I
just realized I forgot to turn on my let
me see if I can retweet this while we're
while we're doing this I've got a
setting that kept me from retweeting or
it kept my periscope from showing up so
I'm gonna have to retweet it while we're
doing this half again I'll retweet it
after all right here's what's going on
if you're not aware I did not watch the
the fight so I don't have anything to
say about that but so here's one of the
most impressive pieces of negotiating
and persuasion you will ever see in your
life and I'll betcha I'll betcha that if
I didn't talk about it right now you
would never even hear about this so you
know my my beat has been to not talk
about the politics so much as to talk
about the persuasion
which I'm going to do it in a moment but
first please join me in a let's say a
celebratory simultaneous sip about the
big news about China and fentanyl we'll
talk about in a minute but before we do
drink with me will you
it's extra good today because of the
news so the news is this that President
Trump at the g20 meeting brought up
fentanyl with President Xi and President
Xi has agreed this is the news - why
didn't the the classification of
fentanyl and China so that it is the
greatest offense - to try to sell it to
the United States so people are confused
about this because they say wait a
minute are you telling me fentanyl was
already legal in China it was it legal
to sell it to other countries and the
answer is China had a defective
classification system which allowed the
bad guys to take something like fentanyl
change a molecule and say hey it's
something new
fentanyl was illegal but this new thing
that's one molecule off it's on address
that the law doesn't address it so in
China you could use that loophole
forever just keep changing it to stay
ahead of the law which is what the bad
guys were doing in the United States and
I'm speaking very generally because I
don't know the details in the United
States you can classify more broadly so
that all these little tricks of changing
the molecule or so it won't get you to a
legal place China simply had to do all
they had to do was imitate the same
process we use here imitate the same
process I'm sure other countries do it
so it was a fairly simple administrative
legal change that in theory nobody in it
nobody in China would really even
disagree with unless they were actively
trying to support the
bad guys now here's the story that
nobody told you and if I didn't tell you
it nobody would tell you this and when
you see it they're a little lights gonna
go on and you're gonna go ping the g20
is as you know the 20 biggest economies
the countries are the biggest economies
the leaders get together and they talk
economics primarily right the primary
reason that they get together is to talk
about economics they do talk about other
things just because they're in the same
place but mostly it's economics and I
had been tweeting and talking nonstop
that last month or two about the need to
not do a trade deal with China until
fentanyl is addressed in China in other
words they're not my take was that China
is not a partner we can make any
agreement with until they do that first
that is a negotiating technique do you
see it the technique is that you get a
deal before you start negotiating the
deal and the deal that we wanted to get
was of course the the trade war was the
big thing but because the trade war was
a sort of a a mortal threat to China's
economy and stability so the current
situation is China has a big problem if
they don't get the trade deal done and
so our president the best negotiator the
the presidency has ever seen and I would
I would argue one of the most persuasive
people in my lifetime goes to this
dinner with President Xi in which so far
nobody has even mentioned fentanyl
fentanyl was not a headline I don't
remember seeing it on anybody's agenda
because this was an economic meeting so
our president sits at the meeting
cameras go on
President Xi is sitting directly across
from him think about this it's the most
visible meeting on the planet Earth no
no meeting of two people was more
important on the entire planet than that
dinner between President Xi of China and
President Trump and their their mutual
advisers all eyes were on it all news
was on it it was the biggest thing going
and if your China how important is it to
command of this g20 looking good top
priority right now getting getting deals
and stuff is of course always the top
priority but in terms of managing your
brand managing your image this g20 thing
was really really important for all the
players and so when President Trump is
making his initial comments what is he
was he talking about well he talks about
the death of George Bush in a very
respectful way in a tone that maybe his
critics did not expect so he took the
the story of really one of his rivals I
think you could say at least or rival
family not you know not George Herbert
Walker but the family and he was very
respectful very presidential
in other words didn't make any kind of
news with it he just treated it
respectfully and then the president said
we've got a lot to talk about we're
gonna start out with fentanyl boom do
you see it do you see what President
Trump did there he put President Xi in
front of a camera in front of every news
outlet and the whole world
and then he said I'm gonna talk to him
about fentanyl at the g20 what's the
biggest topic everybody thought he was
gonna talk about trade trade war and the
president said we're going to talk about
fentanyl first and and specifically he
had a specific suggestion which was for
them to classify it differently which
was an entirely practical thing to do
now you might ask yourself why did we
even have to ask what why was it
necessary to ask China to do something
so obvious so simple and so constructive
well the only answer I can come up with
is that they didn't want to do it
it was either something that maybe
politically it was hard maybe maybe it
was leverage it might have actually been
negotiating leverage maybe it was what
people say it was it was just another
way to attack the United States and our
president put it right in his face
President Trump put fentanyl right in
President Xi's face in front of every
camera in the world when he did that the
negotiations were complete now you're
saying to yourself wait a minute that's
before they've negotiated nope that was
not before they negotiated that was the
negotiation now of course you know
people are obviously had conversations
ahead of time at cetera but it was clear
at that point that no decision had been
made the moment the president made that
the top story the only clip that is the
takeaway from that from that dinner
it made it largely impossible for
president she to resist the this is sort
of what the president has referred to as
setting the table that's a negotiating
term yeah loosely speaking it's a
negotiating term that he set the table
so that when the negotiations start
they're already done the negotiation was
done before he started now I'm talking
about just the final conversation
clearly there have been behind the
scenes lower-level conversations but to
get the deal our president guaranteed it
by the way he played it now ask yourself
is that is that something that anybody
would have done do you do you think that
if you just you know plucked this
president out of there and put in
another one would that president have
done that which was exactly the right
thing to do on the biggest problem I
think in the country at the moment and
to get a good result it is something
he's has a special skill for and it's
really hard to ignore it at this point
that this is a special skill he has a
good personal working relationship with
President Xi Delta and respect and he
created a situation in which there could
only be one outcome it happened to be
the good one now the other part of the
news of course is that there appears to
be something like progress it's way too
early to say that that everything solved
but China is clearly bringing some
flexibility to the talks we've I guess
there's some kind of moratorium on
increasing the tariffs pending working
out some of the some of the deal before
then so the headline today should be
something like this President Trump
makes a makes big progress in one of the
biggest issues ever by negotiating it
President Trump was right all along that
renegotiating trade with China could
lead us to a better place after we took
a little pain that was always the
promise the promise was never well we'll
just ask them to give us stuff and then
they'll give it to us I don't believe he
ever made us that promise I'm pretty
sure that the the promise from the start
was if if you'll let me give you some
pain meaning the country the economy if
you let me do this it's gonna hurt like
going to the dentist it's gonna hurt
won't hurt everybody equally it's gonna
hurt some of you way more than other
people some of you are just gonna get
just kicked around some of you might
even go out of business it's gonna hurt
but when we're done you can have a much
better situation for the long term that
my friends is leadership that's what it
looks like leadership is not do you like
cookies here's some cookies that's not
leadership
that's making cookies leadership looks
like this I'm gonna do something that's
really gonna hurt some of you I don't
want to do it but it's better than not
doing it I'm gonna make the adult
decision and it's gonna really cause
some sacrifice on some Americans like
war like a lot of things we do and so he
took the leadership position he said I'm
going to introduce some pain on our side
but you haven't seen pain until you see
what happens to the other side and I'm
pretty sure that we have the negotiating
leverage I tweeted yesterday one of the
top economists who's good at predicting
things who put it very clearly
he said when a customer and a seller are
negotiating if the if the customer is
the biggest customer the customer has
the leverage and shall win in the long
run and
ago she ation because we can get our
stuff in other places
apparently Vietnam was already
scrambling to try to you know take over
some of the production from China so we
always had a dominant negotiating
position while at the same time we were
unavailing from bad trade deals that
made sense in the past but no longer
makes sense you know we we were
intentionally giving China good trade
situation to help them develop etc but
now that there are a world power I mean
as big a world power as they are it
didn't make sense anymore so how is the
news going to handle the fact that at
least from this g20 meeting the
president had some of the best results
the any president ever had now that
doesn't mean the trade deal was all
wrapped up I you you should expect lots
of friction between now and and whenever
we get a deal you should expect at least
once or twice one or both parties will
walk away from the table in you know in
principle in other words there should be
a time or times between now and the time
we get a deal with China in which it
looks like it's all going to fall apart
you you're always gonna get that it was
yeah it was the same with North Korea if
you don't get that you probably don't
get to a good ending a what a successful
negotiation looks like is there
somewhere around the middle or maybe
two-thirds in one or both sides that
says there's no way we can do this we
walk away it's the end of the world we
cannot negotiate this and there's no way
we're going back if you don't get that
and then go back and make a deal you
don't really have the deal that you need
so yeah
although so I'm seeing a lot of people
ask me today if if I believe that my my
advocacy on the issue of fentanyl made
any difference so the question is is
there anything that I did that made any
difference to what looks like a very
positive
you know first step for something to
happen and the answer is there's no way
to know
so assault let me just say some things
about it so I'll stick with the things
that we can know and I won't try to
speculate too much or read any minds or
or or go further than what we know what
I've been saying for three years is that
I have an advantage in predicting what
will happen because persuaders and
negotiators work along the same lines
and if you know how to negotiate you can
look at a negotiation say okay I'm a
negotiator
so I'm looking at this negotiation
that's happening with these other people
and you can kind of tell how it's gonna
hand alright a negotiator can do that
but someone who doesn't negotiate would
say ah I can't tell which way it's gonna
go and that's what Peter Schiller said
the economists when he said that the big
customer is always going to win the
negotiation in other words he was
someone who understood negotiated
negotiating so he's he's telling you I
know it looks looks bad to you but trust
me on this
it only goes one direction so my point
is that if the president does something
that I would have done it doesn't mean
it's because I would have done it you
can't make that connection it is more
reasonable to say that people who know
how to negotiate people who understand
persuasion are likely to act in similar
ways so if you see the president do
something that's smart in terms of
negotiating or smart in terms of you
know leverage smart in terms of
persuasion it's because he's smart in
terms of persuasion it doesn't have to
be more
complicated than that if you see me
saying we should do XY and Z and they
are also smart in terms of persuasion
it's just because I know what persuasion
list it doesn't mean that the president
who also knows how to do this better
than I do
it doesn't mean that he's looking at me
for his guidance it just means that this
is the smart thing to do so that's the
only thing we can know for sure
but I will say on top of that I don't
know if anybody was saying before I did
that fentanyl should be tied to trade
now the way it was done it was it was
negotiated before trade was negotiated
and it was tied to it in a let's say a
political fashion that is exactly how I
would have done it now that doesn't mean
the White House you know took an idea
for me it means that they also
recognized that that was the smartest
way to do it the most leverage that the
United States will ever have with China
was yesterday that's the most leverage
we'll ever have the most leverage we'll
ever have in general and China was
yesterday because they need this deal
and so since they need a trade deal they
will of course be flexible on these sort
of related things that weren't the big
deal to them I don't think China really
cares about how much fentanyl they're
shipping out it's probably not their
biggest issue but by tying it to their
biggest issue it was something that they
had to check the box to get to their
biggest issue and that's what the
president helped them do and in so doing
you notice that President Trump in their
statement the White House statement they
framed it as a great humanitarian
gesture so the president responding in
kind in other words being a productive
partner with China instead of saying
yeah we negotiated hard and we convinced
China to do what we want we win they
lose there was nothing like that that
would have been done
the president explains it as a great
humanitarian act does that help the
president later yeah it does absolutely
because it shows that the president has
cheese back you see that you see how
important that is that you see you've
seen the president do this a number of
time with other leaders the president
will find a way to demonstrate in public
that he has somebody's back which he
just did by classifying this as a great
humanitarian thing instead of instead of
saying what took you so long because you
realize what took you so long would have
been a perfectly valid thing to say he
chose not to
he took the productive way so that's
good stuff you I wait and watch and see
I'll be surprised if you see anybody in
the mainstream press on and in any
network say what I just told you both
but when I tell you this you see it
right give me a little feedback is
anything I'm saying crazy I don't think
it is you you see that how the president
played this well it's kind of genius
it's kind of genius all right so getting
back to people ask me what you know what
might my role have been in this there's
no way to know but I will say this and
it's what I like best about this
presidency it feels to me like this
presidency is audience participation
more than any other presidency maybe
more than any future presidency but but
you can see it can't you you can see
that the president and his people
they've got a finger on or let's say
they're they're checking the pulse of
the social media very you know watching
it very closely they're watching what
ideas bubble up they're watching which
hashtags get popular there watching how
people talk about things that are
watching how other people are framing
things and how they're setting
priorities and they're choosing among
the things which are have their own
energy so that they can kind of move
them forward so my contribution in terms
of how I intended it to be was to make
it easier for the president to do his
job that's all I wanted to do so my only
thing I wanted to do was to make it
easier and if I can put pressure on
China if I can frame it in a way that
you know suggest some frames suggest
some things that maybe bubble up and
become you know part of the idea set
that they can pick and choose from then
I feel like I've added to the let's say
the the diversity of the portfolio of
choices so those of us in the public who
care about this stuff and follow it when
you're doing your social media stuff and
you're creating things that might become
viral they might become hashtags they
might might be a new way of thinking of
things you really have to see this as
not just an observer you're you are not
just watching politics you're part of it
and if you've got the right idea and the
right platform you know your your little
bit of persuasion becomes part of it in
a way that we've never seen before um
all right so that's interesting let me
talk about Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm
famous popular lsi I'll call him a
famous popularizer of science which is
good so Neil deGrasse Tyson has been
accused by I guess three separate women
of me two ish stuff and he's also a
vocal you know climate alarmist etc
who's whose tweets on climate are
frankly dumb for a guy who's
promoting science some of his climate
tweets are very unscientific he today a
defense if you will you know a pretty
long description of his his version of
what these events really were so that
you could compare it to the accusations
now I'm always going to be on the camp
of you have to take all these
accusations seriously and your your
first impression on any accusation
should be let's take this seriously
let's let's treat this as if this is
completely seriously and find out what
we can you know ultimately the facts and
the law have to rule but take it
seriously
so with Neil deGrasse Tyson I I follow
that rule I take it seriously but then I
also take seriously his defense you
can't take one seriously and not the
other and I read I read his defense and
keep in mind that I'm the guy who talks
about persuasion being separate from
truth the truth of these events I will
never know it's unknowable will only
know what you know if there's ever any
legal anything we might know that but
we're never really gonna know what
happened it's not knowable all we can
look at his defense and the accusations
and I'm gonna tell you that his defense
was solid you might not want to hear
this because some of you are you know
sort of oppose him for because he's Pro
climate change alarm or something but if
he had to look at it just objectively
his defense was pretty solid that's the
only thing we know I don't take that as
to say that his his defense is the true
version and the accusers of the false
version I'm just telling you that if you
read his defense it's really
well-crafted and it has detail and it's
very believable which is completely
different from
true right I'm not going to take his
side I'm not going to say it's true
because it's persuasive it's just really
well-written so if you get a chance to
read that it's worth it you know
somebody said should we believe all
women now I didn't say that I said you
should take all accusations seriously
that's very different from saying
believe all women it's very different
from saying believe all people who
defend themselves we can never really
know but you can take things seriously
or not so he says no you should not take
criminal accusations seriously okay I
should alright but we won't argue about
that yeah and you had some kind of funny
handshake in that story I don't know
what the heck that's although Mexico's
new president took office yesterday
anything about that yeah the only thing
about the new president is it seems that
Mexico and the United States are
becoming closer now we just saw that I
guess Jared Kushner got some you know
big national award in Mexico for his
part of negotiating the trade deal and
you're saying that Mexico seems to be
trying to be as productive as possible
about the the caravan so it feels like
we've got some people we can really work
with it looks to me like this situation
in in Mexico has improved what I don't
quite understand is why the Mexican
government is helpless against the
cartels I'd love to know what what is
happening there secretly but I don't
know we'll ever know
yeah the new president wants to work
with Trump as far as I know the new
practice the president of New Mexico
doesn't have any bad
what would you say he doesn't have a bad
history with Trump
I believe he's trying to be productive
so there's a good chance we'll be able
to work with him I like I like where
that's having somebody saying it's
bribes and payoff yeah maybe so maybe so
we'll never know Wow we do know that
that's a big part of it but we don't
know we don't know how much the federal
government is influenced by the cartels
we know the local governments are
essentially owned by the cartel cartels
will he cut the border wall check all
right so here's here's something I ask
you my understanding is that the
so-called Coyotes the and the cartels
can charge five thousand dollars to Ana
my grinning for crossing the border this
is just a brainstorming idea and you can
take it or leave it
suppose we created a separate path for
immigration and that path was you pay us
instead of the cartel same amount yeah
yeah where do they get $5,000 is right
I've never understood that part how in
the world did these poor immigrants come
up with $5,000 to give the Coyotes what
I don't know how they do that but why
can't we charge that money and just go
into competition with the cartels now we
would also do our usual vetting right
you don't just let anybody in who has
$5,000 because terrorists could come in
and ms-13 if they had the money you
still have to do your vetting but why
not create a separate line for people
who want to pay $5,000 toward the wall
somebody says it's 2500 to 3,000 all
right let's say it's 2,000 to cut the
cartels we compete with them let's say
we say it's $2,000 to family and let's
say how many families do we let in here
let's say 20,000 or let's say there
there might be 20,000 families if we had
a legal way to do this Alexa what is
20,000 times 2,000 so 40 billion it's
not enough I guess I could have done
that math in my head but it's more fun
if I let the robot do it so 40 billion a
year would pay for a little bit of all
but apparently we need a few billion so
I've been telling you there forever we
already know where the wall is going to
end up don't you or or this this is
similar to my point about if you
understand how negotiation works and you
understand how business works and you
understand a little bit of how the world
works the wall negotiation is only going
to end up one way it's going to end up a
smaller amount than 25 billion and we'll
build some wall we'll see how it goes
there's no way it's gonna go any other
way there's no way that there will be no
wall because there's always at least
funding to maintain the border and some
of that will go toward wall so there's
gonna be some wall it won't be 25
billion because that wouldn't even make
sense but it does make sense for the
President to ask for 25 billion so he
can get the best offer so you don't even
have to wonder how that's going to end
up you only have to ask when or how it
will be reported or you know how it'll
be framed but the but in terms of what's
going to happen you could have predicted
that three years ago and you could still
predict it if it's there's only one way
it's gonna go there's gonna be some
smaller X billions of dollars they're
gonna build a little wall and they're
gonna see how it goes see if it stops
anybody see if they just prop a ladder
over it not
and then you need to rethink your
approach all right like half a damn
I think the difference with the border
wall and the dam analogy is first of all
analogies never really work because
they're just different things but you
could certainly tell if people have to
go somewhere else so if people adjust
their behavior to go where there's no
wall that tells you it's not easy to go
over the wall because think about it if
the wall is sort of the you know the
normal closest easiest way to get
through they're gonna they're gonna go
over it if it's easy it's not that gonna
go somewhere else so we'll just see how
it goes
tunnels
I think the tunnels will be primarily
used by the drug traffickers I don't see
that the wall will have much to do with
drug trafficking actually so I've never
been I've never been on on the team that
says a wall is gonna stop fentanyl
I mean you know offense and little
package this big can kill like a million
people you know about the size of a
baseball
so somebody on once I can just like
throw a little baseball sized package
over the wall and that's like enough
fentanyl to kill a million people so I
don't see the wall necessarily stopping
fentanyl but might help you know in the
small at my help even though Australia
has drug smuggling problems exactly you
know what would happen in the future
if immigration becomes just Anakin troll
it isn't Australia in a weirdly
advantage situation because they're
surrounded by ocean so even if it became
like alright everybody can just migrate
wherever they want you know we can't
stop it there's too many of you
well Australia's gonna do pretty well I
wonder if anybody's investing in
Australia because in ten years they're
gonna be advantaged by being able to
control their borders just an open
question yeah they're closed two places
but those places need boats and it's
easier to stop a boat than it is to stop
somebody walking yeah oh yeah Peter teal
went to New Zealand yeah New Zealand the
same situation all right I'm going to
stop here and let's drink again to good
progress on fentanyl and China and maybe
trade to good stuff
I'll talk to you later