[Music]
mmm
hey everybody come on in do you ever
wonder why I do the simultaneous sip
before my periscopes well some of it is
a bonding experience of course but I do
it also somebody asked about this I do
it also because it gives time for people
to stream in before I get into these
serious content so I don't have to
repeat myself and so because you're all
here so early it's time for the
simultaneous sip and all you need is a
cup of mud or glass of tanker chalasis
tying the canteen jerker flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me down
for the unparalleled pleasure that the
dopamine hit of the day the thing that
makes everything better
the simultaneous it go - ever said first
time to come on time for the
simultaneous sip well now you know the
pleasure oh yeah
that's good all right so yesterday I was
given the telling you that I saw a clip
where a Conor McGregor he's one of the
top MMA fighters the world has ever
produced his coach mentioned me and the
idea of systems / goals as part of the
training process for Conor McGregor and
I was sort of bragging about a little
bit on periscope yesterday that that I'd
done something useful that crossed into
a domain that I know I would not have
expected actually and then I realized
that Conor McGregor was going to fight
last night I didn't realize that the
reason his is his coach trainer was
talking is because the fight was coming
up and suddenly I thought to myself
uh-oh what if he loses
here I've been telling everybody well I
think I've had some influence
maybe indirectly or in a small way in
the process he's using to train but if
you don't already know Conor McGregor
one in 40 seconds let me say that again
he won the fight in 40 seconds I believe
the total tally of punches that the
other guy landed was zero I think in
fact checked me on this but I think I
heard that I think I heard that the
other the the guy the cowboy or whoever
he knocked out who was a top-level
fighter he it's not like he was beating
up people who were just starting this
was a top competitor and the the outcome
was certainly in question encounter
McGregor beat him in 40 seconds and the
other guy didn't land a punch so I guess
you want to breed and read my book had
it failed almost everything and still
win big where I talk about systems are
better than goals if you can't remember
the name of the book just go to Amazon
and Google my name and law pop up let's
talk about my most ridiculous prediction
I suppose I've made some predictions
that are pretty ridiculous but none more
ridiculous than the one I made about who
will be the nominee for the Democrats
now a year and half ago I said well it's
gonna be Harris because she's got all
the tools but it turns out she's a
terrible just a terrible campaigner like
a really really bad campaign so she's
suspended her her run but here's what I
think's gonna happen
would you agree that Joe Biden is sort
of the I guess you'd say he's the
establishment Democrats
that's choice but I think we'd all agree
they're not terribly comfortable with
him because of his age
they kind of like where he has
policy-wise and his connections to
things but maybe not a full confidence
in his current abilities it looks like
the plan is this now by the way did you
know that Harris had one of the the most
endorsements from established people
that's important did you know that
Harris also I believe had the most
Hillary Clinton associated people
working on her campaign did you know
that that's important because it does
seem that Harris was who the let's say
the Clinton holdovers who you imagine
have deep state kind of influence it
looks like they wanted her but she
wasn't getting any traction and she was
doing a terrible job of campaigning but
she's almost a perfect complement to Joe
Biden because he's older she's young so
that that gives you a little confidence
that if something happened to him you'd
say well at least there's a young person
with Senate experience you know it's not
going to be the end of the world if Joe
had to exit the job a little early so
that's a good compliment secondly she's
a person of color now so is cory booker
cory booker very solid capable public
servant senator Cory Booker would be
great right except Cory Booker's a man
if you have a choice of having your
running mate let's say you're Joe Biden
a choice of having someone who is only a
person of color but unfortunately a man
versus someone is a person of color but
hey a woman which is better which is a
better compliment no question about it
there's no question about it the best
compliment to the ticket is Harris now I
have a second theory
that part of the reason the hair has
disappeared is that it was a way to
close down the campaign and get rid of
her sister as her main advisor because
if you're the part of the let's say
Clinton shadow government deep state
democrat establishment people you kind
of needed to get rid of Harris's system
in order to make Harris useful I'm gonna
say that she may be undergoing some kind
of coaching mentoring practice situation
and I think that if she were to be
nominated for a vice president or or
picked as a running mate I mean by Biden
that the next time you see her she's
going to come back stronger meaning more
charisma a better presentation a little
more crisp message you know on point and
so that's what I would look for because
I believe she's very coachable Harris is
unique in that she doesn't have any she
doesn't seem to have any problems that I
would consider unsolvable natural
problems it all seems like technique now
some have pointed out you know hey
Harris does not have a lot of popularity
in the african-american community
doesn't matter because Joe Biden does
Joe Biden's popularity in the
african-american community is so high he
doesn't really need to bring more in by
his vice presidential pick he just needs
to show that he's being you know open to
diversity and he's being inclusive and
that's why she'd be a perfect complement
either them individually is a little
weak but together do they actually fit
pretty well and better than anybody else
at least who's a name and the name in
our consciousness right now so the other
part of the the prediction is that by
Election Day if it turns out it's a
Biden Harris ticket the by Election Day
either literally or in kind people will
be talking about here
says the top of the ticket now they
might be saying hey let's flip them
before Election Day because Joe Biden
looks like he's falling apart or they
might say well let's get through the
election the way it is but at least
we've got our emergency spare ready so I
think you're gonna see Harris this is my
most unlikely prediction of all time I
believe that there's not one person here
who would agree with me is it probably
not one of you and that's what makes it
fun all right
so we'll just track that one if I'm
wrong I'm wrong I've got a theory about
Mexico there was a story that the
Mexican military stopped a big crowd of
Guatemalans who were trying to penetrate
the southern border of Mexico if I
understand this right and Mexico is
doing a good job for the United States
being a good good neighbor and partner
by stopping it before it gets to our
border and I say to myself you know why
is it that the government of Mexico was
so good on this point but not good on
let's say fighting cartels because I
look at what the government of Mexico is
doing they're putting a lot of money and
resources and it feels like they're
doing it almost entirely for the benefit
of the United States does that seem in
character does it make sense given the
other things they're doing so how does
it make sense that they're so flexible
and really more than flexible they're
putting major effort and resources into
doing something we want stopping people
coming through their southern border
before they get to our border but at the
same time it feels like they're doing
absolutely nothing about the cartels at
least in terms of how much we've offered
to help them and they've said no let's
go with the hugs not the guns how can
you explain those two things well
unfortunately there is one way to
explain it now I'm not going to say that
this is a truth I'm going to say that it
would explain our observation in a way
that nothing else does and it goes like
this
the cartels effectively owned the
government of Mexico the cartels make a
tremendous amount of money helping small
groups of mostly Mexican citizens across
the border so it's a gigantic profit
Center for the cartels to let the
onesies and twosies across the border
lots of them I mean it's a big volume
but they're coming across in small
groups the reason that the Guatemalans
form up into large convoys is so that
the cartel can't abuse them and can't
take their money and can't profit so it
seems that the government of Mexico is
very very flexible and willing to work
with us when it helps the profit of the
cartel now it helps us so I think we're
pretty happy that Mexico is stopping the
the caravans but the caravans were the
one way that the cartels couldn't make
money because they form cartels for that
purpose so the cartels could not you
know blackmail them and threaten them it
was it was a security reason that's why
they do it so my guess is that the
reason that there may be perhaps even
some kind of understanding with our
government that we're really dealing
with the cartels and that if we can get
them to stop the massive immigration at
least we got something and we're gonna
have to figure out what to do about
fentanyl later I saw on news I don't
know who is talking about it that we
have some kind of process where we check
the incoming I guess once a month we
randomly check incoming shipping
containers or goods coming in from China
in our recent checks something like 15
percent of all the goods coming in from
China are contraband 15 percent 1 5 15
percent of everything that's coming in
from China is either counterfeit goods
that are can
meeting with American products or other
products could be European and and
fentanyl and drugs 15% and apparently
that's the way we'll it's one of the
ways we can tell if they're cooperating
over time so once a month they'll do a
survey and if it's still 15% it means
that China is not cracking down on
intellectual property they're not
cracking down on fentanyl
because they have the ability we know
they have the ability and so I'm looking
at all this and I'm thinking I don't
know if we've done enough working with
China to stop the fentanyl I hear
there's something happening you know
that there's there's noise about them
being successful but I'll say it a
million times as long as the top known
fentanyl dealer in China is still free
which I believe he is somebody can fact
check me on that but I believe he's just
shopping and walking around and selling
fentanyl by the by the barrel as long as
that guy is still alive and free China's
not doing anything that's not real
alright Scott Jennings had an
interesting opinion piece on CNN which I
took some inspiration from for for a
tweet and Scott's Scott Jennings his
point was that well here's the way I
summarized it in my tweet so these are
my words I said it's starting to look as
if the permanent stain of impeachment
will be on Pelosi for trivializing the
process well at the same time it
confirms that Trump is directly over the
target he was elected to destroy now
Scott Jennings point which I basically
stole to reword into a tweet because I
wanted the the crisp version because
it's it just transmits better small his
point was that Donald Trump was elected
to break the parts of the government we
don't like right
that's pretty true with nobody elected
Trump to be a steady-state to keep it
the same keep this ship going just the
way it was he was brought in to just
break stuff he was he was brought in
like a wrecking ball to just you know
just wreck all the stuff that was frozen
and broken and corrupt now of course he
can't get rid of all corruption and all
all problems in the government but what
would you expect the world would look
like if he were successful in doing what
his voters asked him to do well that
looked like well one of the things that
I think you could predict is that the
other side would try everything they
could to stop him they would try all the
easy stuff first let's try to beat him
in the election okay that didn't work
let's try to beat him and the in public
opinion okay he's really good at that
that's not working let's beat him by
controlling the press
oh he just deal agenda Mize the entire
press let's use our our deep state and
people we have him maybe the FBI or the
Department of Justice oh they got caught
think about it the Democrats have thrown
every everything you could throw at this
president what would be the most natural
result of here's the key point and this
is what I'm stealing from Scott Jennings
what would be the natural outcome of
Trump succeeding at what he promised his
voters impeachment given that the given
that the house is controlled by the
other party you would expect and in fact
we should have been able to predict that
the better Trump did in terms of
destroying the things that people wanted
him to destroy everything from the press
to the every old way of doing things
apparently he was calling his generals
idiots I'm not even sad about that he
came in to break stuff he's breaking
stuff and he's not breaking the stuff I
didn't want broken
he's only breaking the stuff I thought
needed to get a little bit broken please
shake the box right
so this weird thing is is forming which
is that the impeachment is starting to
morph or or evolve from the worst state
a president could have to wait for it
the the clearest signal that he's doing
what the voters asked him to do you
could not have a more clear signal that
he's right over the target because he's
getting all the anti-aircraft fire
they're unloading the clip all right
they're throwing everything at him it's
all they had left and it looks desperate
does not impeachment is starting to look
like a death rattle for the Democratic
Party and it's starting to look not even
starting to look oh I can stay I can
state this as as a firm statement of
fact Pelosi is going to wear the stain
of impeachment forever because she broke
one of the most important parts of the
Constitution
she broke impeachment by mistreating it
by by trivializing it by using it as a
as a base political tool instead of the
last resort she's gonna have to live
with that forever every time in the
future there's another impeachment and
you know there's going to be a lot of
them gonna be a lot of them every time
you your president is a different party
from the House impeachments just
automatic and what will every story say
about that they're going to say Pelosi
did this they're going to say Pelosi
broke this this used to be a process
that would get rid of a Richard Nixon
now it's not now it's just a broken
partisan thing and that stain will be on
Pelosi forever but what about the stain
on Trump well here's the thing if you
get impeached because you did let's say
what Richard Nixon did well that's a
stain forever if you can impeached for
what Bill Clinton did
it's kind of a mixed bag isn't it how
many of you think back to the Clinton
administration and think well let's say
if you're a Democrat how many look back
to the Bill Clinton administration say
you know he did a whole bunch of good
things it was a very successful
administration from from my perspective
as a Democrat and by the way I would
agree that Bill Clinton had a successful
presidency but I have not once not one
time have I thought back and said to
myself you know I think less of Bill
Clinton because he got engaged no once I
don't believe dole Clinton has a stain
on his presidency as big as the stain he
left on Monica's dress you know
certainly as part of the story
everybody's heard of it he would prefer
that didn't happen his supporters would
prefer didn't happen but if you're
talking about the impeachment itself
which did not remove him from office is
he stained by the impeachment not really
I mean he might be stained by the event
itself but his presidency looks
completely intact to me am I wrong
how many people think less of a Bill
Clinton because of impeachment I don't
think I've ever met one person have you
tested on yourself Bill Clinton actually
did something that both parties thought
was worthy of impeachment or at least
enough of them thought it was worthy of
impeaching
and there's no stain there's a stain on
what he did but not on the impeachment
part so I think Bill Clinton I'm so
tells us what's going to happen with
Trump is that it's going to look like a
badge of success by the time he's done
with it you know troubled better than
anybody at grabbing the gun out of the
the muggers hands and turning it around
you know fake news was originally a
complaint about Trump and then he turned
it around now it's a complaint about the
entire media business which he is he's
ruined the credibility of completely
they've done a good job of that of
themselves alright let's talk about cell
phones I in some Twitter feed the other
yesterday I guess I was supporting
Bernie's version of events with
Elizabeth Warren so it doesn't matter
the details but I was I did a a
supportive tweet about Bernie saying
essentially that I believe his version
of the story and the number of Bernie's
supporters jumped in to say they were
grudgingly agreeing with me as their
Bernie supporters but and they hated it
because I'm such a terrible person and
that I'm the worst person in the world
and that agree with me is as hard
because I'm so terrible and I thought to
myself I don't know too many people I
would call terrible people I know a lot
of people I disagree with I know a lot
of people who have done specific things
I don't like but I don't really think of
too many people as just terrible people
and I think what kind of fake news are
you reading like I don't even even know
where it comes from what exactly have I
done
that would qualify me to be a terrible
human I mean not just somebody you
disagree with not somebody who said a
stupid thing that dumb thing now some of
you whose opinions don't make sense none
of that but horrible human being which
is the most common thing that people
were saying about me yesterday on
Twitter at least the critics now none of
that bothers me of course but I'm sort
of amused by it because Bernie's
supporters are more toxic than I had
imagined you know you probably saw the
project Veritas the thing with one of
the Bernie supporters who has just had
some things to say didn't he you all saw
that and probably made you think ah
these Bernie supporters are an
interesting group of people you know I'm
sure most of them are you know just you
know have a preference for him as a
politician but there's some bad people
in that group I'm not going to paint the
entire group by the bad ones but
there's a really some rough characters
in that group now here's a here's a
frame for you then maybe you haven't
heard yet correct me if I'm wrong it's
possible somebody who said this or maybe
lots of people at that I haven't even
heard it do you remember the old days
when IBM had personal computers they
were competing against Apple Computer
and Apple came up with this great way to
frame the situation the competition now
I don't know exactly how true it was but
it was a terrific way to frame it and it
went like this that you know there are
people who go from IBM pcs this is back
in the day they would switch out and
they become Mac users it was fairly
common but what Apple realized is that
people didn't go back in other words you
didn't see or at least it was rare that
happens of course but it was rare for
somebody who was a Macintosh user to say
now I've decided to change my mind I'll
become an IBM PC user but it was very
common for somebody to go the other way
and just stay there and that's a really
powerful frame as soon as you hear that
you say to yourself okay that tells me
everything I need to know that it's it's
just a one-way trip now let's take that
analogy and again analogies are now for
persuasion they're just to make points
here's my point we've been talking about
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Bernie
Sanders having similar voters and that
one of them needs to shrink in order for
the other to grow because it's the same
pool you know that neither of them can
grow until one of them declines in
popularity because the voters are going
to go to the other one let me ask you
this
after this Elizabeth Warren incident
with Bernie
how many Bernie voters could go to
Elizabeth Warren after she stabbed their
candidate candidate in the back
according to that how many none maybe
none how many
the Warrens supporters let's say she
started falling in the polls and they
wanted somebody who had similar policies
how many Warren supporters would be
psychologically primed and ready and
willing to go to Bernie maybe all of
them maybe all of them because it's
similar policies and who are you going
to go to if Elizabeth Warren isn't going
to work out where are you gonna go
because Bernie Bernie didn't stab
Elizabeth Warren or at least it doesn't
look like that I mean some people might
think that but I think it's a one-way
trip so at this point if if all of the
let's say the progressives or the
socialists Democratic socialists who
want one of those two the decisions
already over let me say that again
if you're wondering which way it's going
to go will Bernie's people go to Warren
or Warren's people that go to Bernie
that's over you don't have to wonder
anymore there's only one way it can go
at this point it can only go from Orange
Bernie the Bernie to warren path is
closed by what warren did to bernie it's
closed so if you're going to predict
that's an easy one Bernie will rise and
Warren will fall because Warren can
never get enough of Bernie voters after
what she did to him you know I'm right I
saw an article that probably needs some
more studies to back it up that the
birth control pill shrinks a part of the
brain in women or there might be a
Korell it might be a weird correlation
but women who have been on birth control
pills at one specific part of the brain
that shrunk 6% on average compared it
was smaller so let me let me correct
what I just said the study did not show
that being on the pill shrunked that
part of the brain it only showed that
people on the pill had on average a
smaller part of that brain could be some
other reason but it's hard to know what
that would be
however I ask you this have you ever had
this experience just anecdotally of
seeing somebody who went on birth
control and their personality changed
have any of you seen that I've seen it
twice I saw so people who basically
became different people fairly quickly
after going on birth control pills now I
don't know if that's a causation or
correlation because it's just two people
right it's just anecdotal I'm not aware
of any studies that would back that up
except this one that I was just talking
about it's hard for me to imagine that
you could put a any kind of pill in a
human being male or female oh my god I'm
seeing a lot of yeses here okay I wasn't
expecting that court really frankly now
I don't know if all the yeses are coming
from men now be aware this could be
confirmation by us right this is sort of
the the perfect confirmation bias
you know topic and domain so I'm not
gonna make a claim it's a question and I
ask you this what are the odds that
putting a powerful hormone altering
substance in your body be you male or
female or whatever whatever gender
flavor you like what are the odds it
wouldn't change your personality because
without being a doctor it feels to me
like the odds would be zero any any
change to your your hormonal structure
it almost certainly is gonna have an
effect on your on who you are at some
fundamental level well I've never seen
this many guesses that was okay how many
so I'm wondering if this is mostly men
because I it's hard for me to tell the
genders of the people who were
responding but I worry that it's all men
because though I worry is confirmation
bias
but if the women are seeing it then I'd
feel a little more suspicion that this
is something that needs to be dug into a
little bit deeper but just in general
changing your hormonal structure should
change how you think if it doesn't but
be surprised so let's talk about the
constitutional or the strategy for
impeachment it looks like the the
Republicans primary strategy I don't
know if we can tell for sure Oh somebody
mentioned the prednisone yeah when I was
in prednisone just a few weeks ago I was
quite aware of a personality alteration
I was definitely a different person for
the few weeks I was on it so that's the
same same point so it looks like the the
Republican strategy for impeachment is
rather than to argue the details which
would be a gigantic mistake and it's the
mistake that they've been taking from
the start
it looks like especially with Alan
Dershowitz on the team they're gonna
argue that it doesn't matter what the
details are because there's nothing
that's alleged that's impeachable so if
the Republicans are planning this
approach I like it a lot I like it a lot
and what it would look like and here I'm
just you know playing the game through
I'm not suggesting that I'm predicting
this but one way that they could go is
that the the Republicans controlling the
Senate will say we're going to open up
with discussions on whether or not any
of the any of the allegations to fit the
constitutional test of even being
something appropriate for impeachment
before talking about whether it happened
or didn't happen
who said what who did a quid pro quo we
didand what you're expecting what left
partners said before getting tuned to
any evidence just say here are the two
charges and here's the basis for them
does the Constitution say this is a
peach bowl and the answer is no not even
close
so I think that's going to be a good
strategy and what I would expect is this
I would expect that the Republicans will
hear the constitutional arguments and
then they'll put it to a vote now can
they have two votes can they vote and
say okay let's say that the against all
odds let's say that the majority of the
Senate and I don't think this could
happen let's say they voted and said
yeah I'm the question number one of
whether these charges if they're true
charges would be impeachable we say yes
that's possible right
but then separately they'd have to have
some other vote I guess to determine
whether their charges are actually true
so that would be a separate thing I
don't think they'd have to get into the
facts I think they'll probably just
dismiss it
after the constitutional argument which
by the way would be the best way to
defend the Constitution best way to
defend the Constitution is to not let
them talk about the details because if
you let them talk about the details
you're going to be missing the whole
point and it becomes exactly what the
founders didn't want it to be a purely
political process even though we know
the outcome why would you not try to
defend the Constitution while you could
if you're a Republican senator by saying
you know let's say that the victim
here's the Constitution so let's let's
try to revive the Constitution a little
bit there was a disturbing video of a
crowd in Baltimore who are sort of
attacking a policeman who had a suspect
on the ground you may have seen it's a
viral video now so the police officer
was trying to get control of a perp on
the ground and other people were coming
up and looked like they were kicking the
policeman etc and so there's of course a
call for those people who were
assaulting the policemen to be punished
and you say to yourself well good luck
with that because these were you know
random people who cake the policemen and
ran away like what are you gonna do but
it's on video alright but still what are
you gonna do it's hard to identify
people just because you have on video
right well not anymore remember I told
you yesterday there's a a tool an app
called Clearview AI it was the front
page of the New York Times because it's
a gigantic controversy about privacy and
whether this is going to go too far and
it's going to cause a dystopian
everything we're losing all our privacy
so those issues are important all worth
talking about
I think the ACLU is getting involved I
mean it's really it's becoming this big
deal but here's my point that app all it
needs
in all likelihood all of these is a
screen grab from the video of the crowd
and a couple of screen grabs that get
the faces and and and law enforcement
will probably have immediately the
social media and real names of the
perpetrators in the crowd because they
have the technology now they probably
won't have to ask people they probably
won't have to ask the public they
probably won't have to go door to door
they probably won't need any witnesses
they probably just take the security
camera video run it through the clear
view AI app it's gonna spit out their
names think about that I've been man
it's a new world all right I know what
you want to talk about yesterday
at the end of my periscope I ran those
of you who were here I ran you through
an exercise to reduce your anxiety in
life whatever the source of your anxiety
is whether it's an actual mental problem
something temporary is something you're
worrying about and I wanted to reinforce
that so I'm going to give you a little
bit of reinforcement on top of that this
is a cumulative process the first time
you're exposed to it you might not have
a deep
you know a deep feeling of change some
of you actually did I heard from a lot
of people yesterday who told me that the
exercise immediately released their
anxiety now I assume that's temporary
but if you can find a way to temporarily
release your anxiety and do it as often
as you can
because that's how you get to eventually
you know a place where you have a stable
lack of anxiety and you give you some
more tricks and tips on this in a moment
but I didn't want to tell you that based
on the feedback it was completely
successful now completely successful
doesn't mean it worked with every person
because I told you it wouldn't you're
all different but completely successful
and that a lot of people said it changed
something it changed something deeply
meaningful to them so I'm gonna do it
again
and the the big thing I introduced and
by the way I I cut out just the the part
of my periscope from yesterday and made
a separate clip that's just the last
part of the periscope so you can just
see the the anxiety solution technique
so that's on YouTube right now just
search real coffee with Scott Adams on
YouTube it'll pop right up so just look
at the the quick one if that's all you
want what I talked about on that and it
won't make as much sense unless you saw
the other video so I save this for the
end if you need to see it in in order
see that first come back to this I
talked about seeing the world through
different filters and I'm going to give
you some more filters so you get a let's
say a deeper understanding of how how
this concept works one of the things
that people ask me about is how do you
deal with the fact that you know you're
gonna have some bad news in the future
you don't know the details but you know
for example that somebody's gonna die
before you do do you know that there
will be you know various problems in
life and I'll gonna give you a technique
that I use
I've had a lot of pets and I've had a
lot of pets who passed and I give very
attached to my pets and so when a cat
dies for example it's it's a big deal I
the cat for 19 years
there was my constant you know workplace
companion and when she passed it was a
big deal I have now a dog most of you
know Snickers who's at that age where if
she's if she's got another two years in
her I hope she has more but you know the
average for that breed would be a couple
more years she seems to be perfectly
healthy now but here's how I deal with
the fact that when she passes it will be
like losing a limb yeah I've heard that
I've heard that analogy before I've
heard people who won't get a second dog
after the first one because the trauma
of losing it is so extreme that they
can't go through it again I see a lot of
you talking about the pain and you see
on social media people posting their
painful situation if they have an animal
that's that's about ready to pass so let
me tell you the filter I put on this if
you focus on the loss and the badness of
it you will feel anxiety and you will
feel bad but you do have the risk you
had you have the option of reframing
this and let me tell you how I reframe
it for my pets and how I reframe it for
Snickers so that I don't spend the next
two years worrying about how I'm gonna
feel when when her natural life comes to
an end and here's how I reframe it i
reframe it as a privilege and an honor
for me the ability to be there at the
end of her life my dog Snickers is going
to be an honor it's going to be a
privilege and I wouldn't have it any
other way
and when I think of it that way it
changes how I process it now I know I'm
going to feel terrible when the day
comes
but until then I'm just honored I
actually feel a sense of duty at a very
deep level and commitment and I felt the
same way with my cats and they're in
their final moments of life I felt
honored that I could be part of it
so I give you that let me give you a
couple of their filters have you ever
worried that there's something you know
big that you need to do that
there's really giving you anxiety let's
say you're trying to buy a house but
you've never done that you're like how
do people buy a house how do they afford
it have it how do they work out all the
details and the repairs and the
contracts and all this or are you
thinking about moving and you think how
do people do this like moving is let's
say to another state it's a big deal you
think about getting married you think
about having families you think about
and any one of these things you think
about they seem like really hard if
you've never done those things they seem
really hard here's the filter I put on
that there are a lot of idiots in the
world and they can do all of those
things the world is built for people of
average capabilities so if your average
or above-average and most of you are
probably above average if you're
listening to this periscope especially
and just tell yourself there are
millions and millions of idiots who
figured out how to buy a house millions
of idiots who learned how to move to
another state millions and millions of
any it's who had kids got married you
know changed jobs millions of idiots
learned to do a job that you wish you
were smart enough to do guess why you
are you are smart enough to do it
because millions of idiots did it the
million idiot filter on life immediately
removes your anxiety about things you
haven't done before
now if the only people who had done the
thing you want to do were geniuses well
I guess you should worry about that you
know unless you're a genius like well
the only people who can pull this
our geniuses do you know how many people
pulled off buying a house not just the
smart ones all right so that's a filter
I like to use it immediately makes me
feel comfortable because almost anybody
can do these things that look scary
here's another one you've heard this one
before the Adams law of slow moving
disasters throughout history when humans
can see a problem coming from far away
we have a hundred percent track record
of solving it for example we're all
going to run out of food because our
population is growing well we figured
out birth control we figured out
fertilizer we figured out better farming
methods we got food we're gonna run out
of water because well turns out we
drilled for more water and we built more
canals we figured out how to get one or
two everybody we're certainly gonna run
out of oil and nope we figured out how
to frack we figured out how to make
windmills and and stuff so if you look
at something such as the threat of
climate science I think a lot of you on
this periscope are not worried about it
but let's say you were remind yourself
the society is genius as solving
problems as sees coming from far
distance this will be no exception
whatever problems come from climate
change could be little could be locked
I've no I'm no scientist and I don't
believe anybody can really predict that
stuff but no matter what you think about
it the worst-case scenario is that it is
a problem but we're really really good
at solving this stuff we have companies
coming online that can scrub the co2 out
of the air if it ever becomes necessary
and then others if you say wait we can't
be scrubbing the co2 out of the air
because it's plant food
it's plant food you'll destroy the earth
by scrubbing all the co2 out of the air
now you won't you'll just unplug them if
you get too much co2 just unplug it so
don't worry about
these big problems that we can see
coming from miles away those are the
ones we solve every time the ones you
need to worry about are the ones that
came out of nowhere
you know you didn't see it coming so
we're very consistent about that all
right here's another one sometimes when
I feel really down and it happens I have
to admit it hasn't happened in a long
time but in my past there have been
times when I just felt beaten down by
life and you know I sometimes you just
don't want to wake up the next day
here's a filter that I put on my life
that I find really useful curiosity it
turns out that we humans are really
motivated by curiosity some more than
others
it's the reason that a good author will
will put at the end of a chapter a
little mystery it's like and then
someone knocked at the door and it's the
next chapter you look ha ha
I can read a whole other chapter about
another character before I find out who
was knocking at that door so it turns
out that curiosity is a tremendous
motivator for people and here's a filter
I put on things when I'm feeling
depressed and down and I just you know
my purpose for life seems to be
extinguished temporarily I say this I
wonder how this is going to turn out and
I and I just treat it as a curiosity
what if I'm just watching this life like
a spectator I also use the combine this
with the no freewill filter now I
believe that we don't have free will
because I think physics the laws of
physics don't stop when you get to your
skull whatever is happening inside your
skull is also subject to the laws of
physics
so whatever causes and effects are
coming into your head you know there's
only one thing that's going to come out
of that because of the structure and the
exactness of your of your brain and its
architecture so sometimes when things
are going not going my way I just sit
back and say what if I just watch now
I still do all the things that I would
do I still brush my teeth go to work get
my car I still do everything but instead
of saying I'm deciding to do this I say
I'm not deciding to do this I don't have
free will I'm I'm actually a spectator
in my own life
I'm just watching I'm watching myself
brush my teeth I'm watching myself go to
work
I'm just watching and I wonder how does
this game end what happens tomorrow
given this current situation where am I
going to be next week and what you'll
find is that can immediately take un of
your depression and into a mode of
curiosity and a mode of just feeling
like you're a spectator and you don't
have to have great distress because
things are going the way you wanted them
to go instead you can say well they were
gonna go that way there's no free will
I'm just along for the ride I wonder how
it turns out now until you try it you
might not believe that that will take
you into a different mindset but my
experiences that it does
here's another filter on life god I told
you that one of the reasons that
hallucinogens might be so effective for
curing the whole range of mental
problems most of them anxiety related I
think is that it takes your ego that the
the hallucinogens take your ego and of
your worldview and once you feel that
you that you personally are not that
important or that you're just part of
the whole then you start with you stop
worrying so much about what you and your
ego we're going to experience tomorrow
because you're just not that important
you're you're not the main reason of the
universe
it's just lil you and you'll be fine and
another way to get there is by belief in
a higher power belief in that god of one
type or another because the the God
model the way most people practice it is
that God is great and you're not it kind
of puts you in your place
believing in religion puts you in your
place
it takes your big ol ego well I'm pretty
special and it just says no you're not
God is special you're you're you're just
a follower yes it teaches you humility
by giving you a contrast to something
that needs no humility right a non nip
it in power humility would make no sense
at all because it would just be a lie so
when you compare yourself and contrast
is one of the great principles of
managing your psychological state and
persuasion and everything else anytime
there's a contrast it helps focus you
and understand things in their place
so I'm believing there's a God who is
great puts you know put you in your
place so I think that could be a good
filter and here somebody just said
exactly what I was going to say next
Alcoholics Anonymous uses this technique
so if you go into an a a meaning to try
to quit alcohol or drugs there's a drug
version of it they recommend that you
sort of put yourselves in the hand in
this in the hands of a higher power now
they're not too specific about you know
I have to be a Christian you don't have
to be a specific kind of belief but
whatever you believe is the higher power
if you're not a believer you could say
well the higher power is physics I don't
have free will I just release myself to
to freewill or if you believe in God you
say I just release myself and less sort
of God work through me now that's a
filter we don't need to decide whose
religion is right or if God even exists
you don't need to it's a filter that
works because the alcoholic anonymous
process apparently from everything I've
learned is one of the few things that
does work and I think that the active
part of the process is removing your ego
by putting yourselves in the hand of a
higher power the other thing that that
does to remove here
is it part of the process part of the
steps yeah and again somebody knows more
about this than I do just chime in but
part of it is essentially apologizing to
all the people you hurt which again is
ego it's all ego if you go into a any
kind of a rehab situation you you give
up you know sort of all the other parts
of your life you're stripped down to
just your biological entity you're put
into your place your ego is removed or
at least reduced so that's one filter
belief in the higher power
here's another filter optimism the way
the way you should see optimism in other
words simply just telling yourself that
there are some good things ahead because
you can dwell on the bad stuff and it
can change your whole mental state or
you can do what Tony Robbins suggests in
his own way and I'm going to suggest in
my own way
same same idea that your brain is only
capable of thinking about so much in any
in any single time we're not real good
in multi Pro multitaskers if your brain
is focused on one thing it doesn't have
much left for other things you know you
can find out if there's a train coming
at you while you're doing your taxes but
mostly you have a certain amount of
shelf space I call it in your brain you
have some control actually a lot of
control over what's on the shelf if you
don't take control of it and you just
say well I'm just gonna wake up today
and go on with my life all I'm gonna do
today is whatever comes up I'll do my
tasks I'll do my job you know I know
what I'm supposed to do your shelf space
will fill up without your control it
will just fill up with whatever thoughts
we're gonna bubble up what kind of
thoughts tend to bubble up if you don't
manage your shelf space the good ones
now you could probably confirm this from
your own experience if you are idle and
you don't have much to think about do
you automatically drift
- happy thoughts sometimes but far more
often the negative is what you what
bubbles up because we're designed that
way humans are designed to find problems
and then fix them we're not designed to
dwell on things that are going well look
around your atmosphere or your
environment how much your your
environment are you actively processing
very little of it because it's going
well I've got a table over there that's
not bothering me at all it requires no
attention at all it's not my
consciousness so actively learn to
fantasize and imagine positive outcomes
in a variety of ways so that whenever
you feel your shelf space is starting to
get a little room in it fill it fill it
consciously directly intentionally fill
it never let your shelf space fill
itself you control that you get to think
about what you want to thank I mean if
you have some terrible tragedy it's
gonna be hard to keep it out of your
head but for most of us our just daily
life you can fill that thing with
anything you want in my twenties trying
to crowd out bad memories of my
childhood which was pretty horrific I
would fill it with work so I would just
work myself to exhaustion fall asleep
and then get up early in the morning and
work myself to exhaustion again and it
really worked now not everybody can work
themselves to exhaustion for a year
after year but I filled by by a shelf
space and whenever I felt it starting to
fill on its own I would very actively
crowd it out with optimism
you see president Trump operating on
this principle and he got it he came to
it honestly and really exactly the same
way I did through the impact of Norman
Vincent Peale who wrote the book the
power of positive thinking
coincidentally or not was the Trump
family pastor or Minister I forget which
is the right word at their family church
where they went to church they saw the
king of positive thinking the most
famous positive thinking promoter in the
United States ever and you see Trump do
it all the time he's very much filling
his shelf space with optimism and ours
too
here's another technique if you want to
work on your ego put yourself in
situations in which you embarrass
yourself often and survive how many
times have you seen me embarrass myself
right here on periscope and then the
next day well I'm back again
here's my coffee tastes good have you
ever seen embarrassment changed my
behavior or even my attitude probably
not and I wasn't always that way I used
to be you know easily embarrassed and it
would ruin my whole day ruined my week
ruined my month the feeling of
embarrassments like aha I'm reliving it
in my mind that time I did that but how
many times if you see me have to like
blow my nose on camera because you know
I just had to how many times I was
rewatching one of my periscopes I
watched some of them just to see if what
I'm doing to make sure I'm doing what I
want to be doing and I'm replaying it I
realized that I went in this extended
discussion of Iraq but I kept referring
you to it as a ran and when I watched it
I was like oh I can't believe I had this
extended discussion of the wrong country
just because my mind mixed up the words
my first thought was just sort of a
flash of anger I was just mad that it
happened so sort of mad at myself but I
never once felt embarrassed not even a
little and it takes a lot of practice to
get there so I recommend putting
yourself in situations maybe join
Toastmasters where you have to talk in
front of people do something that's
outside of your comfort zone just
embarrass yourself and then find out
just track it wake up the next day hey
food tastes the same same to have the
same friends
nothing really changed so the
embarrassment filter is a good one just
practice embarrassing yourself until it
just doesn't feel like painful anymore
it's very doable
here's another filter that's more
similar to the one that I talked about
in my prior periscope every now and then
I like to imagine that I'm in a video
game
now that's very much what I was telling
you to visualize visualize that you were
sort of in a you know virtual reality
rendered environment what that does is
it puts you in the moment because you're
you're forced to think about your
immediate situation because you're
imagining it rendered and that takes
your ego and things because you're
you're not focusing on yourself and your
needs for a while so I helped a lot of
people relax but here's another here's
another way I think of it there are days
when I say to myself today was just like
a video game and I feel like I I
captured a resource or I learned
something that allowed me to go up to
the next level of the game
and here are a few levels which I would
like to suggest that some of you have
already passed through one of those
levels toward the bottom is
understanding that people are
fundamentally irrational now I wrote my
book when Bigley to reinforce that idea
if you are going through life thinking
that other people are rational you will
be frustrated and that and happy every
day because people are not rational and
if you try to imagine that they are your
understanding of what should happen next
won't match what happens next because
you'll say well here are my 10 good
reasons why you should agree with me and
then you think well now you'll agree
with me but then you don't because we're
irrational so expecting people to act
rationally is a formula for stress and
anxiety so the first time that you move
up a level in this let's let's call it
the video game of life you can't move up
a level until you get that and you
really have to get it and I don't mean
saying that sometimes other people are
irrational
I mean that it's the base code of our
existence
it's our operating system we operate on
confirmation bias and the subjective
kind of reality which leads me to the
next level is one thing to say that
people are irrational but it's next
level in terms of a video game it's next
level thinking to say that maybe our
entire reality is subjective which
doesn't mean there isn't something real
but understanding that our human
evolution was never directed at giving
us understanding of reality we did not
evolve or at least there's no reason to
believe we evolved to understand the
nature of reality wasn't important a
clam can reproduce without understanding
reality a cat can reproduce without
understanding nearly as much as we
understand understanding reality and
like really understanding it completely
optional and maybe even unproductive for
evolution so we did not evolve with that
capability and indeed you can see that
we don't have it just observe how people
act so once you really realize that
we're all in a different movie that
we're looking at the same document and
seeing a different reality you've got a
different religion than somebody else
once you understand how a subjective our
our experience is you move up to the
next level right so the first level is
understanding that people are
fundamentally irrational and the level
after that is that that irrationality is
related to the fact we're not even
seeing the same world we exist in it and
we interact but we keep getting confused
and tense in our interactions because we
don't understand why you're not seeing
what I'm seeing and the reason is
different realities and then here's
here's the next level above that because
I believe a lot of you have already
passed through those two levels the
level above that is to understand that
your brain is programmable
and not just a little bit you all know
that you can learn something and that's
in a sense that's programming your brain
but it's much deeper than that you you
can fundamentally change your
preferences yes you can change your
preferences I have experimented with
this over the years I'm not going to
give you examples because I don't want
to get into the details but I have
actually experimented trying to like
something I didn't like and to see if I
could do it until I loved it and I've
also experimented taking something I
loved let's say eating Snickers candy
bars and turning it into something I
didn't like and I can succeed it's
completely doable
you can rewire your preferences now you
have to understand that if you think the
only thing you can do is add memories or
maybe you can add a little skill you
don't get to go to the next level you
have to understand that you can change
your basic personality if you know how
to do it that's the highest level I've
done it a whole number of times I've
watched other people do it so and it
takes a little trial and error to do it
but what we're talking about today is
exactly that it's reprogramming your
your brain let me give you my favorite
example of programming a brain I've been
watching Cristina and my fiancee learn
wealth not learning but recovering her
piano skills from when she was younger
she took piano lessons when she was
younger and I've watched her recently go
from somebody who who had some basic
piano skills and knew how to play the
piano better than most people but you
know just sort of a you know a good
piano player to last two weeks
she learned one of the most complicated
Chopin what would you call it
I don't know pieces that you've ever
heard in your life
and if you don't play the piano Chopin
apparently is extra hard
extra-hard in terms of where your
fingers go at what time is just really
hard if you hear somebody playing the
piano on say a rock song they're doing
something called an accompaniment by the
way I just learned this so if you if
somebody is playing an accompaniment
with other instruments of the singer in
a band that's relatively easy piano
playing because that sort of Bing Bing
Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing you know
somewhat simple patterns that's all you
need to accompany a band if you're a
solo artist and you're playing Chopin
both of your hands are operating
completely independently each of your
fingers is operating independently and
you're putting together hundreds
thousands I don't know how many notes
are are in in a Chopin piece thousands
but at least as many hundreds right and
I'm walking by you know and I'm hearing
her practice and in just in the last few
weeks she got to the point where she's
memorized the entire piece and now she's
just you know honing it and I think to
myself what the heck happened inside her
actual physical brain she rewired her
brain in two weeks I mean a pretty
substantial rewiring because none of the
skills that she is she is demonstrating
at a near virtuoso level didn't exist
two weeks ago yeah it's all we call a
muscle memory but of course it's it's in
the brain it's not in your muscles and
so when you see people fundamentally
rewiring I mean something insanely
impressive in two weeks you know she
practiced a lot but it's just two weeks
you start to realize how programmable
your brain is so everybody who's got a
loop in their brain that's not working
you might be able to reprogram that and
I have lots of experience of doing it
myself
now let me give you a fun analogy if you
are a computer programmer do you ever
write
programming code for a computer in zeros
and ones do you sit down and say all
right I'm gonna write the program 0 0 0
0 1 1 1 1 0 0 and then 1 1 1 0 0 well no
you don't now there may be special cases
where some somebody's doing some deep
engineering and they are actually
looking at the zeros and ones but that's
not typically the way you write a
program the wrote the way you write a
program is with something that's
analogous to but different from a
language like an English language or a
French or Spanish or whatever you have
words with letters and you use some
numbers too but you know brackets and
words and they stand for something that
the computer translates into zeros and
ones here's my analogy when you hear
language or you have experiences the the
language and the experiences of just
hearing things in the spoken word is
being translated into your brain into
the equivalent of zeros and ones now
your brain doesn't work on zeros and
ones it works on you know connections
that get strengthened and built and some
are emphasized and de-emphasize and
stuff but the point is that when the
programmer is writing the program they
don't see the zeros and ones that I
don't know exactly what the zeros and
ones are doing they just know what the
outcome will be when a hypnotist or or
somebody doing what I'm doing taking you
through a guided visualization I'm
having you imagine something that you're
imagining in pictures and you're hearing
and words but these are symbolic tools
that are actually rewiring your brain so
when you hear me just talking and you
say how can you rewire my brain just by
talking well the answer is it's the same
way a programmer can program a computer
without knowing what zeros and ones are
happening I don't know which neurons are
firing I don't know which connections
are being made but through trial and
error and experience I can make general
assumptions that effectively become the
user interface for your brain so find
the user interface for your brain you're
getting close you've gone up two levels
you're you are on the cusp maybe some of
you there of reaching the next level in
the game where you can intentionally
reprogram your own brain and then love
left of that is you can reprogram other
people's brains so check out the anxiety
let me ask ear how many people on here
experienced the anxiety exercise the
anti-anxiety exercise I did and tell me
what experience you had how many of you
had experienced something like a
reduction of anxiety it's going to take
a while for the comments to catch up so
I'll stall until all right so I'll read
you the comments as they come in it
helped me nothing but I tried made me
feel sad remember I said everybody will
have a different experience there's a
yes yes I did I tried it nothing
happened and a body experience
some people have that no change no
change
somebody said read my brain thumbs up
yep I did me totally relaxed no yes yes
it helped somebody said it didn't help
yes
no yeah on YouTube is where you'll find
the the stored thing a calming I
definitely did I felt like it I felt
like it was being in denial it was very
unusual it reframed things definite
reduction good good reminder no change
definitely relief me no husband yes felt
like floating etc alright here's
remember what I told you
actually this is actually more of a
response than I was actually expecting
but remember that this is cumulative so
in the example of there was a there was
a husband wife where
what I think the husband fell something
and the wife didn't remember you're all
at a different starting place it could
be that the people who found who felt
something profound we're right at the
cusp of moving up to the next level and
just easily move to the next level could
be the some of you need a little more
understanding of frames and that's what
I did for you today so you'll find that
this needs to be reinforced
but the more I reinforce it for you the
closer you're going to get to feeling
something like that but of course
everybody's different we should not
expect that any solution
medical or physical or otherwise will
work the same way for for other people
alright and here and let me let me do it
for you again right now find a place on
your floor wherever you are look at the
floor in wherever the floor is the
largest area now it doesn't have to be
you know you don't have to get it right
but just look at what it looks to you in
your opinion like the largest floor area
you can see and now imagine using
yesterday's technique that is rendered
it's not real you're in a video game
you're at a level and everything here is
artificial just think about that today
I'll let you do that on your own and
what do you feel in the moment because
that this exercise will just bring you
to the moment you'll feel your
environment moving in between being what
you thought was real and what you can
easily imagine is not and that will keep
you in the moment it will reduce the
effect of your ego tapping on your
shoulder and it will calm you the more
you you exercise your ability to calm
yourself the better you'll be and that's
all for today