all right trying something
new and I can't guarantee that my sound
will be good so can anybody confirm that
they can hear
me let's start with
that can anybody hear me good good so
far so I'm trying a new microphone
headset uh thank you to John for
recommending this good idea but we don't
know yet
if I'll be able to hear some callers so
if anybody wants to sign up to be a
guest um I will take some calls but in
order to um take these calls I'm looking
for
specifically people who want to oppose
border security funding using the
emergency powers of the
president so I'm looking for those
specifically I'm not sure if I'll be
able to tell just by looking who you are
so I I'll tell you what I'm going to do
I'm going to
um yeah I see a couple of people who
have removed removed themselves so those
of you who are remaining I will assume
are people who
oppose border wall um emergency funding
and I see some more of you disappearing
because you're you're hearing the
requirements so it looks like Jason and
Robert are still here so let's try
adding Jason in a
minute and we'll see if I can hear him
this is uh partly a test of the
technology Jason can I hear you yeah
let's see you tell me oh
yes big I can hear you can the rest of
the audience hear him say something else
um I'm drinking a cup of coffee I'm
taking a sip right now your listic
programming is working on me all right
can somebody in the audience
confirm that you can hear both of
us um I'm sure they can hear me but can
you hear uh Jason at Jason it's at Jason
please
correct uh can you hear at
Jason I want credit for my
extraordinary all right so nobody is
saying uh no but it says sounds like I
got a hum okay we could hear so Jason uh
are you opposed to emergency wall
funding
good Jason is
gone okay sounds like we lost
him uh let's try someone else steuart
I'm going to pick you but I hope you
heard the instructions Stuart that I'm
only taking
callers steuart are you
there great
um and did you hear the uh the setup
that I'm looking for people who oppose
emergency border security uh yeah and
that would describe you I
guess uh yeah that would describe me all
right and are you first of all just so I
have in context are you do you do you
identify with the right the left or
independent some somewhere in the middle
uh libertarian
libertarian and are you opposed to
borders in general or just particular
idea of the emergency funding uh just
the emergency funding okay and can you
give me um is there more than one reason
first of all or do you have one reason
that's really the
reason uh I think it's just more of a
general reason uh I just think that uh
it's an overuse of executive power I
don't think the situation at the border
constitutes an emergency the way um
Congress intended in the National
emergencies act no I'm not an expert on
the act now let me let me uh let me make
sure just for the purpose of of the
audience that when you make more than
one point I want to make sure that I I
cover each each point in order number
one um have the other 30 so emergency
declarations do they seem to be
appropriate to you or are they all kind
of sketchy uh I haven't reviewed each of
them in general I think yeah we do
declare too many things as National
emergencies okay where it would be
better to have them handled at a state
or local level all right so so you're
not even specifically against the border
security funding so much as the
process uh yeah I I think for me it's
more uh emergencies in general and um
you know the relative size scope and
power of the federal government States
so would you be in favor let's just say
hypothetically let's say the government
wanted to you uh declare an emergency
because let's say the Congress was going
to be too slow at whatever it was
whatever was the problem and let's say
you knew it would save exactly one life
there would be no other costs or
benefits um but it would save one life
and it would be a little bit of a
stretch of the emergency Powers because
it's not the way it was intended but
would one life be an emergency uh no no
not for me what what would be a minimum
level of emergency in terms of loss of
life to say well that's an emergency
let's say and let's say that you know
it's going to happen you know you're not
guessing you you know that the current
situation will kill 10 people a year or
a thousand people a year what what is
the number that makes it an emergency in
your mind I don't think I've ever
thought of it in that way uh to come up
with a minimum number um yeah I don't
think I have a minimum number at all
it's an interesting way to think of it
well how how else would you think of it
because well what I what I think of when
I think of emergencies and this may be
how I Define this term in my mind is I
think of you know something sudden and
unexpected happened and uh in the case
of the government responding they have
to immediately mobilize resources uh to
save people from um you know harm you
know so I like a hurricane could
scenario but but you're you know that's
not how emergency the emergency
declarations are not for um speed
related emergencies right oh yeah yeah
and I think that's probably where my
disagreement comes with uh how we
declare emergencies and how we get the
federal government involved in a lot of
issues now what would be wrong in a
situation in which we can observe that
the Congress can't do its
minimum job but yet there's still a
situation where people are dying getting
raped loss you know loss of property
loss of life and it's on a regular basis
you don't have it's not a it's not a
maybe something will go wrong situation
it's more of a guarantee there will be
more of the stuff that we have every
week people dying people being robbed
right now and and accepting that it
might be a lower level per capita than
even the normal rate in the country but
there would still be more of it you know
in an absolute number um what would be
wrong with the president saying um in as
long as he did it publicly hey I I ask
Congress to do its job and you can
plainly see that they did not so now I'm
going to try another process and by the
way if tomorrow Congress decides to do
its job then I can just cancel this
emergency because I'm doing it right in
front of you I'm not hiding anything
there's no ulterior motive it's what I
promised in my campaign it's just that
our current methods became too
politicized so that um so that they
couldn't make a they couldn't do their
job because they were distracted by me
as a personality let's say the president
Trump saying that would you agree that
the reason Congress couldn't get it done
was maybe at least half because of how
they feel about the president would you
say that politics were was part of why
they didn't get a good solution I I I
definitely think politics is a factor
however I think you know president Trump
is the Persuader in Chief and I think if
anyone can bring Congress around to act
I would think it has to be him I mean I
was a little surprised that there much
push back right let me let me stop you
there because you made a uh an
assumption that needs to be challenged
okay um he he is the Persuader and chief
but would you agree that we have left a
a time in our history where you could
convince the other side it doesn't it
seem like convincing your own side is
really the most you can do these days
because that's all we ever see done we
don't see anybody um succeed in in in
changing minds of the other side can you
can you think of one time that's
happened in say the last five years well
I mean if you give me as far as the last
five years again I would point to
president Trump
convincing uh you know people who are
Republicans who were in favor of uh you
know more immigration free trade Etc uh
to see his point of view and to see how
that was causing uh unexpected you're
but you're you're describing what I just
said which is convincing his own side so
we do see people consolidating uh
consolidating support on their own side
just as just as AOC is trying to
convince her own side that more of a
socialist bent would be a good idea but
she has no real hope of really even
convincing one person who's a republican
I mean there may be literally zero
people will be U convinced by that but
it might be enough so would you
president Trump also convinced a lot of
people who had supported uh Obama and
who had been Democrats to come over and
support him in 2016 so I mean I think
it's what I'm saying is I think with
President Trump the possibility is there
to break through and convince people who
are Democrats not necessarily the people
in Congress you have a great point about
that but you know Rank and file
Democrats Democratic voters uh to see
things a different way uh because he's
had success doing this in the past all
right so but don't you think that he's
had three years to try to convince
people and some point you just have to
say this isn't going to happen and you
have to try Plan B well there is part of
that I mean you know part of this
emergency declaration could be just
another phase in his negotiation and his
persuasion and to that extent okay you
know I'm not going to get super worked
up about it um but just for me I feel
like no the right way to do things is
you know he needs to persuade and
convince a majority in Congress that but
wait but wait hold on hold on we both
agree what the right way would be if it
could be done yeah but H has he not
demonstrated that that's not a practical
plan anymore because he's tried that for
three years and I think you'd agree with
me that he's persuading backwards for
the last three years meaning at one
point the Democrats were more in favor
of funding it at at one point we were
closer to a you know mutual agreement uh
and at one point nobody was saying let's
get rid of all the borders it seems to
me that that we are because of the split
in the public that that we're getting
further from agreement and that Trend
seems to to be on a permanent you know
path it doesn't look like this President
can reverse that but he can certainly do
but he can do what he promised and he
can do it with full transparency which
is you you saw the committee work you
saw them ignore the experts right in
front of you and I'm going to do this
emergency thing in which I'm going to
fund it the way the experts in this area
say it should be done does that feel
dangerous to you uh dangerous I no I
mean this doesn't uh rise the level of
you know the worst abuses of executive
power or whatever hyperbole we're
hearing out of the
left uh to me I I feel like yes it's a
shame that you know we get these
presidents in there and quote unquote
they can't get anything done because
Cong Congress won't do their job but I
still look at our system and it's one
based on checks and balances and that
means that unfortunately some things
that should happen and should get done
and would save lives don't get done so
whenever I am debating a topic with
somebody and they use the word should I
usually declare Victory and move on okay
now and the reason that is is because
should is a reasonless word you you
should do this but it lacks the reason
so what I've said is that
yes Congress should do the work the
President should obey congress's will we
should do it completely differently but
we've already proven that doesn't work
so the Practical plan is to look for
something that gets you to where you
need to go compatible with what the
experts recommend compatible with what
he promised in the election and he's
doing it in public he's doing it right
in front of us and immediately after he
let Congress fail spectacularly in front
of the public um so I I I've been by
arguing I'm going to I'm going to give
somebody else a chance but thank you so
much all right talk you later all
right all right let's see if somebody
else wants to jump on here I'd love to
get
um let's invite
Perry and if it's the same argument I
probably won't want to engage in that
but we're looking for a new more novel
argument Perry are there are you there
Perry
Perry Perry does not seem
prepared Perry will be deleted and now
Mike
Woodburry we'll see if we can add
Mike
um is Mike
coming Mike Hey sir how are you I'm
doing well thank you hey where are you
on the political Spectrum where do you
identify on this issue or just in
general uh let's say in general uh very
conservative okay uh I was hoping to get
some um some I I think conservatives are
all going to be have the same objection
which is on this issue I'm on this issue
I I think I have some framing that's
very different from um the typical
conservative View and is in favor of not
pursuing the wall
okay so the idea is that the um the wall
is really just represents a level of
friction that we as a country assume is
is acceptable for immigration that
there's no perfect wall there's no
perfect solution to stopping immigration
and so our process of controlling the
amount of flow of you know what is cheap
labor and um you know
additional uh taxpayers if if you look
at it that way is to control how much we
allow over the Border it's no different
than tourism each year we have
fatalities from that are related to
tourism that provide but we allow it
because of the economic incentive wait
so get get get to the point and I'm I
don't hear the point yet so it's a
political process it's not an emergency
it's always been a political process how
much uh immigration we allow over the
Border would um would you have an
objection to the president using a
technique that has a name you don't like
it's called emergency but he's doing it
in front of everybody it's a very Public
Act and while the name might not be the
right name and really none of us
probably think that's exactly the right
name but does the process of him taking
it out of congress's hands after he's
allowed them to fail in front of the
public and in the context of people
dying on a regular basis and and the
problems being ongoing um would you not
think that the process is okay even
maybe if you called it something else
maybe you don't call it emergency is is
it just the word that that gets to you
uh I don't think that we should be using
that uh that power to uh affect what is
a political decision it's well cost and
benefit to everything you you use the
word should yeah and as I told the last
caller that's usually when declare
Victory and walk away because should is
a word that we we tend to use when we've
run out of reasons so what I said
was the the process that we tried
clearly did not work which was using
Congress to do it the reason it didn't
work is almost certainly because of
their attitude about politics and about
this President it wasn't really that
they couldn't have an agreement uh
because in fact they went into the
agreement already agreeing that there
should be order security and that it
needs to be funded there was there was
no agreement there was not really any
disagreement on the central points until
you throw Trump in there and that was
the reason that they couldn't do their
job so in the
[Laughter]
um it's using the power that that that
that act permits him to to to take this
action right so the the alternative is
to fail in front of the public and not
give the the people who voted for him
what they wanted and here's the weird
part border security is widely popular
in general you know the the question of
a wall specifically is not as popular of
course but the question of border
security is something pretty much the
whole country wants and the experts of
the experts of border security have said
what it should look like and then our
government could not deliver that even
though they had the money they had the
time and they had the interest well the
country wants a level of friction at the
border they don't want to stop all
immigration that's not going to happen
and I don't think that's in our interest
to do that well I I I agree and
everybody involved seemed to be on board
with increasing the
friction um at the border so both sides
are in favor of some kind of security at
the border and that it should be better
so even the Democrats
wanted to increase friction at the
border yeah but they wanted to do it
humanely and with respect to the to the
to our neighbors and it when it when we
depart from respect that's when the the
issue has to be stopped until we can
regain respect now you realize that the
respect you're recommending is respect
to the cartels right because uh it's
well demonstrated I I don't think
there's a question of fact on this that
the the Border areas around where people
are crossing
are literally controlled by the cartels
and the cartels are are buying not only
the Loyalty of the Mexican police and
politicians locally but also in many
cases and this again is well documented
they've been bribing American
politicians and American um local city
police So when you say it's a question
of showing them
respect specifically we'd be showing
respect to the cartel because the cartel
is the only one who controls that border
area it's not it's not the government of
Mexico I don't know what the level of
control they have if it's 100% or 10% or
20% of the people that are crossing the
border if that's it's it's 100% uh with
within the certain areas that the cartel
does control it's 100% within those
areas that's my understanding there may
be areas that so few people are trying
to cross that neither the government nor
the cartels really care but where there
are a lot of Crossings the cartel owns
that so you're saying we should we
should have 100% control in those
specific areas uh yeah I'm saying that
well specifically I'm saying that
showing
respect to to Mexico in that context
means really just respect to the cartel
because they they literally run they run
the territory they own it they own the
government they own the police on and a
little bit on both sides unfortunately
well so then I have to fall back on the
dtz because he came out three hours ago
and said uh he did not support the
president's emergency action so I'll
just change my argument to dtz rule well
uh that that's a that's a good move but
I would imagine without hearing dtz and
I don't want to put um you know I don't
want to put words in his mouth but I can
almost be sure that his love for process
and the
Constitution he would put above lives
and other words I believe that and again
this is me talking this is not dtz but
he may actually think that protecting
the sanctity of the Constitution is
worth few hundred lives would you
agree I if we all stopped driving we
would save far more lives than halting
immigration so but that would be yes so
so if yeah I I I do believe that now I
would agree that if the risk were the
entire Constitution were ripped up that
I would also sacrifice a few hundred
lives but probably we're talking about a
president and I think the president
could narrowly describe what makes this
special by saying it's you know it's
something that the public wants it polls
well border security in general we're
listening to The
Experts and it's a national security
issue and under those weird conditions
which the Congress tried to do it and
failed right in front of us because they
didn't even come up with a a plan that
was compatible with the experts and
that's that's as hard as you can fail um
that in that narrow situation he's going
to take action and he wishes that
Congress would act so that he you can
cancel it would you be okay with
that um you know potentially I I still
think it's you know the rhetorical
challenge with how it's the the issues
been framed by the president is is
probably my leading concern and the you
know I believe in border security I
believe in a lot more than we currently
have uh from a dialectic but from a
rhetorical standpoint it's it's been aw
all right thank you appre appreciate you
Mike and I'm gonna go to another caller
thank you sir let's go
to
Kina we're adding
you all right
Kina is that
you and um do you identify on the
political or right left or middle um you
know I used to describe myself as
Democratic but really in all actuality I
don't choose to have any sides anymore
the way that our government has been
working lately fair enough um and and
what would be your argument against
emergency funding for the wall so
my my reasoning for not having emergency
funding is the fact
that we have enough issues going on in
our own country that need fixed with
funding like our roads for one uh that
we should not be using money towards a
border wall that's going to be
ineffective in the long run we have
people coming in illegally from all
areas of our borders not just from
Mexico and I want to well hold on Hold
On Let's uh let's take it a point at a
time yes what would what would be your
your top strongest Point against
emergency funding the the one one point
that rises above the others my my
biggest issue is where are all these
numbers coming from of all of these
people being killed all of a sudden we
have people being murdered every day in
their own homes by their own spouses
wait hold on hold on is is your bigger
your biggest issue about emergency
funding is the you don't know the source
of Statistics well that's part of it is
where are the statistics coming from for
all of this all of a sudden and two wait
wait hold on do you do you think that
these statistics did not exist before
because the president's been talking
about this for three years no yeah
they've they've been talking about it
for three years since Trump has been
president but where did these statistics
come into before there there have been
murders and and people wait hold on hold
on let let let me uh I need to interrupt
you just so we stay on one point and we
don't drift into a second
point for what but are are you
questioning whether anybody whether
there's more crime coming across the
border let's let's talk about crime in
general that's my big thing is we have
crime every day from not just illegals
from Mexico but illegals from other
countries as well um well how do how
does that have anything their number one
reasoning it seems
for wanting to have a border wall is
because these people are so dangerous
that are coming in well now let me ask
you that do you live in a uh a dangerous
do you live in a dangerous neighborhood
or a not dangerous neighborhood I live
in Witchita Kansas so it's a safe place
right it's a pretty safe place for the
most part yeah do do people in your town
lock their doors we do and we lock our
car doors unless why why why do you lock
doors if you're in a low crime
neighborhood oh well see my my
neighborhood isn't really all that low
crime but I grew up in a small town
about 30 minutes from here where people
don't lock their doors and don't well
but hold on let but you said the people
in Witchita in general they lock their
doors so we won't we won't talk about
your house specifically but in general
people in witchat it's a very low crime
area compared to the rest of the country
but they still lock their doors are they
irrational because there's crime going
on all over the country why would they
why would they lock their doors in a low
crime neighborhood when there's crime
everywhere else in the country there's a
difference between locking your door and
being a total racist against people
coming to your
door just
because wait does
your oh hold on hold on uh what does
what does the door wouldn't wouldn't the
door of your house be keeping out brown
people and other people well yeah but
what I'm saying is if you look at it in
the in the aspect of a door and locking
your doors and keeping your home safe
right what good does a wall
do if you're blocking people out
completely you got to have that door
open to people that's what the border is
the border the border is mostly open we
already have security we already have
fences and stuff why do we need
something bigger that really in all
actuality isn't going to do any good
people can fly over people can hold on
hold on you
you you're you're you're uh you're going
from one point to another well what I'm
saying is there's all other ways that
people can get in why are we just trying
to block off one border right so could
we could we agree that your first reason
which is that people have lower that
there's crime everywhere and they're not
wouldn't would you say it would be fair
to say uh you're still there right yeah
okay would you say it's fair to say that
since the people coming across the
border do not bring more crime that we
should be less that shouldn't be an
issue I mean we can't we can't theorize
and assume that everybody coming over is
a
criminal children wait wait who do who
do you think assumes
that uh pretty much everybody that I've
listened toing
you like these people are criminals
coming over bringing over crime and
they're going to kill us and all this
other stuff you can't assume that
because no nobody assumes that
nobody assumes that so here's here's
what people assume here's what people
assume it goes like this let's say you
had 100 immigrants can you see that yeah
yeah say 100 immigrants who are let's
say they're
illegal and we don't know how many of
them turn out to commit crime but let's
say it's
five five
criminals here's what Republicans say
they say that's five more crimes than we
need if we if we could if we could
control the border that would be five
people who were not victims of crime but
you're saying that this doesn't matter
so much as long as five is a low number
compared to 100
right I mean quite
frankly you you can assume that about
every person coming into our country
legal or illegally you can put those
same numbers down for a flight of people
coming in here from another country yeah
we and and people do so
border is what I'm saying you can't just
assume it's all coming from the south
because what about no but wait wait wait
you're wait wait wait wait wait hold on
hold on hold on you you keep throwing
out hold hold on all right I'm gonna
turn all right you're you're just going
crazy now um you you've thrown out a
bunch of untrue
assumptions but that's too is unfair
assumption no you're
so that's total cognitive dis we'll get
rid of her so we're getting rid of Kina
because she flipped out went into total
cognitive dissonance there
um let's try someone else all right now
the the reason that I I cut her off is
that she was throwing out assumptions
about what I'm thinking and then she
kept going you can't tell me what I'm
thinking that that's not part of this
process
you can ask me what I think and I'll
tell you but you can't imagine something
crazy for that I'm thinking she was
literally imagining that I thought
everybody coming across the border was a
criminal now that's cognitive
dissonance all right so would you agree
that that I threw her into cognitive
dissonance could could you detect that
I'm not sure if you could all right
let's try
Tess test you are
next Tess are you
there hi hi now Tess do you identify
left right or Center or none of the
above
Center Center all right and do you
disagree with the emergency funding for
the Border I'm not sure I really
understand what he's calling as the
emergency because I'm not really sure
what's
changed so does something have to change
in order to be an emergency in other
words if he believes that um let's let's
say 10 people a month are being killed I
don't know if that's the number you know
but there's some number of crimes being
committed uh let's say he thought that
was too much and every every month we
wait is 10 more people who got
killed would it be fair at some point to
say all right let's nothing else is
stopping this let's call it an
emergency um I I've been listening to
your periscopes for a while and I kind
of started to be persuaded by and I
might be conflating things here so feel
free to jump in okay is that you know if
the experts or the evidence is
consistent with whatever conclusions
he's drawing like if he's saying we're
losing 10 more per month and that's 10
more too many well what is it compared
to you know previous statistics so I'm
really not sure wait do wait um but
would it matter
let would it matter if it used to be 12
and now it's 10 or would it matter if uh
for every thousand people that come over
and there's no problem that only 10 of
them die or or 10 people get killed
because of them what what does it really
matter that context because I don't see
how it matters I would agree with you
because I'm not really sure that it does
matter right now it's just more what are
the projections for the numbers going up
so are we trying to get ready for
something that could be in increasing
six months down the road and we've got
more people coming in and you know more
issues because I think what people are
seeing is the people coming in so maybe
we do need the emergency for the quote
rainy day well suppose suppose uh
suppose we just took that word emergency
off it and I and I said to you Congress
tried to get it done they couldn't get
it done for only political reasons and I
think everybody watching would agree oh
yeah that's just because they don't like
the president pretty much both sides
would agree that that's what's going on
here right because because there's a
long history of both sides agreeing on
the fact that border security should be
improved
so given that our normal system broke
and it's a special case because this
personality of this president has has
you know polarized things um if I didn't
call it an emergency and I just said
it's an executive let's say it was an
executive order it's just an executive
order to temporarily rearrange some
budgets and if the Cong came back and
said okay we'd rather take this over it
should be a congress Congressional thing
and let's say they want to take it over
at some point and the President says
wait that's way better the last thing I
want to do is an executive order so
absolutely if you can do your job yeah
I'm all on board would you be okay as
long as we didn't call it an
emergency uh sure why not I I would say
get we can get the job done sure why not
all right I think what it is is that
these people that are coming in is the
perception that um their Cousin Eddie
from the Christmas vacation movie
remember Cousin Eddie who cruised into
town on fumes right and he couldn't
afford Christmas gifts and he had to
stay with with Clark and the family all
right finish up the story we'll we'll go
to another call okay but basically I
think that's what people get concerned
about is that it's Cousin Eddie and you
know are who who's gonna pay for them ah
yes the who's GNA pay for them yes
thanks for taking my call all right
thank you so much
all right Tess is gone and we're going
to bring in looks like preacher's
daughter so we'll be talking to
Preacher's Daughter are you
there Preacher's Daughter hello hello
how are you I'm good how are you doing
pretty good um where where would you uh
it seems like everybody has a dog or a
child in the background today I know
right and he wasn't barking until of
course you get on the phone uh so where
do you uh Place yourself on the
political uh Spectrum left right or
middle your favorite place an
independent all right so what is what is
your wait wait wait no an independent
since I was 18 though since I registered
to vote and specifically for the reason
of
being independent independent all right
so
what is your objection to the emergency
order is it different than any
objections you've heard you may have
heard some of them
already yes I have
um the
only
objection I have to the emergency
order
is
that God and I guess it's not even
really an objection it's just a so yeah
I've already I've already I've already
convinced you I mean yeah so no
objection you know just justen I mean I
I was never really opposed to it I guess
I was kind of in the middle of it all
right you know you know what I'm saying
well I I'm I'm gonna have to move on
then because I need I need somebody to
object with me hard so I can make my
case yeah okay I yeah I will I'll I'll
move thank you all right thank you bye
bye all right let's take uh
somebody named Dale on here and I can't
tell if that's a joke or not but I'm
gonna go for uh
Jay letter
J hey are you there
Jay hello where where do you put
yourself on the political Spectrum uh
yes so I'm
independent I'm not really
independent all right so what would be
your objection to emergency funding for
the Border uh yeah so my basic objection
is that it's just more laziness like he
didn't really
do what I thought he should would I
thought he he had a chance to he had a
chance to veto funding for all kinds of
stuff he had a chance to use his buy
pulpit and he didn't so what it really
looks like so well hold on hold on are
are you suggesting that time travel
would fix this he could go back and fix
the mistake he made before because we're
we're past that we're now I mean that
happened and and you could blame him for
that well but now we're here you're
right we're we're here now so so dealing
with today is the emergency funding a
mistake well that that's why I think
it's a mistake I think it's a mistake
because
it uh plays into this entire view of him
as just being lazy and unfocused and a
guy who can't really get the job done
even though he says he can and so that's
why I think it's a mistake who who who
what
you have not seen him put maximum energy
into the immigration question it feels
to me like that's where he's put more
energy than anything he's ever done even
though he's been unsuccessful so far to
me the energy he's put in has been
deliberately well it seemingly
deliberately at the wrong time instead
of putting energy in ye years ago when
he had an entire majority instead of
putting energy in when they are passing
massive bills he puts the energy in
right after he passes the bill then he
gets all about it it's just like it it
it just seems fake seems like he doesn't
really care so but you're you you don't
seem to want to talk about the point so
I'm I'm gonna ding thank you for taking
my call all right thank you so you saw
that that that caller didn't even want
to talk about the current day it was it
was a problem about something that he
had done before all right Jill coming
on Jill Jill Jill are you there
Jill Jill Jill
Jill
Jill Jill is not talking to us Jill went
away let's try Sean
Ellis some tells me this one's going to
be
fun Sean are you
there Sean how are you I'm good Scott
how are you I'm tremendous where where
do you identify on the political
Spectrum independent repu independent
conservative all right and what is your
objection objection to emergency funding
of border
security I don't have as much as an
objection as I did wanted to add a few
facts to some questions I heard you
asked earlier about how many people were
killed and so forth all right do it do
it quick do it quickly and then we we'll
get to some questions there's 2,000
Americans murdered every year by
illegals and the last four months the
numbers have gone up
threefold there's been over 2,000 or
200,000 illegals in the last four months
alone that doesn't sound right Sean I
promise you're saying 2,000 a year
murdered by illegal aliens under
homicide on the homeland security and
FBI
data wow okay um I I will not doubt that
because I don't have other information
but whether was 2,000 or 100 or
something say it's half that let's say
it's half that say it's a thousand
that's a few people a
day all right um I'm going to go to some
questions Sean but thank you for that
addition uh I'll be watching the
comments to see if anybody has any
counter counterfactuals to that thanks
seate your time right bye let's go to
Dale all right
uh we're trying reach dale dale are you
there you're you're there dale how are
you um and Dale do you identify left
Center or right
politically SC yeah why do you oppose uh
the emergency wall
funding oh it's not that it's like
you're saying that it's declared an
emergency it's just by executive order
to spend something or around the
Congress is what rubs me the wrong way
what about the what about the specific
case where the public wants border
security of some sort the experts have
weighed in and then we watched the
Congress fail to do its job specifically
because they have a problem with the
president so in other words the system
is still fine but in this special case
the system can't work because of
politics so would you have a problem
with the president saying let's not call
it an emergency you know you could call
it whatever you want but the process
didn't work I'm the reason you know I
realized that I'm a controversial you
know divisive figure and I'm just going
to solve the problem because solving the
problem is more important than um you
know letting this go on uh would you
have a problem with him just solving the
problem as long as he was totally
transparent about the fact that he
understood that you know the the
politics of him personally is the only
thing that was holding things up because
otherwise the Congress would have given
them the money yeah but you're making
the assumption that Congress isn't doing
their job by doing nothing that's the
system set up for that very very very
thing well I'm I'm making the assumption
that they're doing a political job
exactly the way they wanted to but they
pointedly ignored the the expert
recommendations you would agree that
they ignored the experts would you not I
would agree they ignore the
the experts and I'd also agree that
they're right on the boundary of whether
the public wants to build the wall or
not um but I think they should pay for
at The Ballot Box not go around them
well you know the president did get
elected so you know there's there's a
little bit of Ballot Box support for
this idea but um so your only your only
problem is
procedural oh absolutely I mean I'm the
wall 100% I'm for much much stricter imp
of getting rid people and uh so you
would prefer a
situation uh given that we know the
Congress can't get this particular thing
done you would prefer a situation where
let's say 2,000 Americans die per year
and may let's say we let's say we could
have reduceed that by you know 200 so
let's say 200 people die per year so
that you could have your preferred
process which is the Congress decided
not to fund this as much as the
president wanted you'd be okay with that
trade-off yeah I would um but in reality
the tradeoff would be more there's a
possibility of 200 people dying then you
can
actually before but statistically
speaking um more border security should
should change the uh the crime outcome
um all right I got your point
um the the thing I wanted you to say is
that yes I would let X number of people
die to preserve the uh let's say the
Integrity of the system even on the
margins like even though this might be a
you know a small deviation from the
system that even that would be
potentially a big risk would that be
your argument that it
could more a slope than potentially a
big risk it's just another bite of the
Apple from where we've been all right
well thank you for your time I'm going
to move on the you know I uh I'm going
to say thank you Dale um those of you
who watch me know that I argue that the
slippery slope is not a real thing
because everything goes until there's a
reason for it to stop so everything's a
slippery slope literally everything you
the fact that I ate dinner today um you
why doesn't that make me a cannibal
tomorrow if I'm eating things today it's
a slippery slope the next thing you know
I'm eating people well the reason is
I've got a reason I don't want to eat
people right not interested everything's
a slippery slope until there's a reason
it's not everything so to say that one
thing is a slippery slope doesn't mean
as much as you think because um while
there might in fact be some extra
emergency orders if they were like this
one I'd be okay with that if it if the
emergency order was around the fact that
experts were being ignored on such a
simple matter I would agree now the
problem is let's say somebody takes this
to um to climate change and they say aha
we're going to say that climate is an
emergency I would listen to that
argument that's not crazy if the
Congress can't act and the data suggests
that it's an
emergency okay but I also wouldn't be in
favor of that until the Skeptics and the
uh climate
scientists uh you know argue it down in
public in a way that the public could
see the the outcome so short of that
it's not an emergency but uh and I've
suggested and this is uh Mark Mark
Snider's idea that what an emergency
would look like if the emergency were
climate is nuclear power uh many people
don't know that the newer generation the
generation for of nuclear power they do
not have the Meltdown risks of regular
old oldtime reactors so if you if you
made a climate emergency and I'm going
to say this again might not be a bad
idea might not be a bad idea but the
only way that would work like the only
practical way to deal with it as an
emergency would be to go um you know
gung-ho with nuclear because everything
else everything else wouldn't get you
there fast enough all right let's do
another caller all the rest of the
callers do not have profile pictures
which makes me
think could be Trolls but we'll find out
let's talk to
Luke Luke tell me when you're
there I
hear
Spectrum uh I'm an independent although
I voted for Obama twice and voted for
Trump last time oh okay all right you're
all over the place I was hoping to get
some DieHard Democrat I only got one and
she she flipped into uh cognitive
dissonance on the first sentence so so
that was no
fun pretty liberal until recently all
right good um can you tell me why you
object to emergency funding for the
wall I don't think that this is the
fastest way to get it done I'm worried
about all the inevitable legal
challenges that are going to be put up
to it I'm afraid that it's going to be
past the next election before anything
can actually get done because of this
method he's chosen
well you do know that um his emergency
declaration uh the emergency part only
affects a small amount of his potential
budget but he's he's going to be
building using the defense department
budget and there's some other budget
that he doesn't need to declare an
emergency to have access to so under all
scenarios the wall is going to start and
it's going to start quickly but the
emergency part will definitely go
through the courts and the Supreme Court
but that's that's maybe I don't know 25%
of the funding and you could wait for
that to the end anyway so it probably
won't make any difference Luke in the
timing the way it's the way it's laid
out now there's nothing that would stop
him from getting going quickly with the
funds that are available without
challenge you don't think that uh the
people with property rights uh issues
environmental groups or Property Owners
along the borders that want to sue you
don't think they'll be able to to stop
progress and and and therefore cause
more people to die every you know
so often well I think yeah I think the
property owners will put up um you know
they'll they will resist but as I
understand it there are plenty of places
that need to be shored up even without
having to go to those Property Owners so
I don't know the the law in terms of
eminent domain but the federal
government um can just take that land
and put a fence up uh so that'll have to
all be worked through but I'm imagining
that the this is just a guess but I'm
imagining that the land owners who don't
want a wall also don't have a huge
problem with illegals coming across
their land now I would love to test that
assumption because that's that's not a
confident assumption but I think that's
probably right right if you had if you
had a 100 acres of land and immigrants
were coming across it and dying and
being killed and and the cartel was
leading them across your land you'd
probably be the first one wanted a wall
so I have to imagine that the the places
where people own that land and they they
object it's probably related to the fact
that there isn't much of a problem of
people crossing so they'd rather just
have their full land the way they had it
would you say that's a fair
assumption I I I think it probably
depends on what business they're in some
of those people uh want as much cheap
labor coming across as they can
get well um yes but they don't those
people don't have to come across their
specific acreage they you know they they
would have as much as they wanted if we
get to a point where it's legal I mean
so even the president is not opposed to
bringing in all the workers that we can
get as long as we want them all right uh
somebody said they're obsessed looking
at my right ear you're right my right
ears all curled down from this stupid
thing okay um
thank you for that and uh I'm gonna move
on thanks Scott all right take
care all right how
about is there anybody who's who's going
to be an identified
Democrat let's try
Blake Blake does not look like
necessarily a Democrat but we'll find
out let's I can hear you Blake how are
you fine how are you doing all right uh
where do you identify on the political
scale I would say I'm a progressive
Democrat Progressive finally thank
goodness well welcome I've been waiting
for you um what would be your argument
against emergency funding for the wall
um my argument is that the Pres that
Trump did not exhaust his best arguments
in uh trying to convince Congress to F
what was his best argument that you
think would have worked I think that
focusing on the idea that people coming
into this country should come through
checkpoints that that we shouldn't have
people just coming in hter Skelter that
all come to a place where they're but
Blake that but that's exactly what he's
talking about everything if he focused
on that argument and framed it in those
terms rather than arguing wall this all
that he could have talked about how many
people come across the border other than
checkpoints on a daily basis I mean I
was listening to something where it
sounded like a in one relatively small
place over a thousand people were coming
in trying to get across the border every
day overwhelming the border patrol
people the people the our border agents
could not deal with so many people just
trying to come in all at the same time
and if we had some barrier we could
Channel people to the checkpoints are
are you are you if you're watching the
comments go by um they're pretty unified
and they're saying uh that's all the
president has said what you're saying he
should have done is exactly what he's
been doing for three years which is
saying you know we we want to have them
uh we want to close off the illegal
places to concentrate people in the
legal places and then as we beef up the
legal places with better scanners and
more dogs and stuff we we will have
created a sort of a choke point where
it's easier to catch the bad guys and
and you don't have as many people
risking their life in the places that
they couldn't get over anyway at that
point so um your argument is exactly
what he did right but he didn't uh put
particular people on the spot and ask
them do you agree that we should control
where people come through the border and
if they agreed with that then you have
to say well like give me the power to
make that happen well but everybody's on
the same page you both sides of the
debate think that people should only
come in through the the legal places
that every everybody's on the same page
there I I would hope so but it doesn't
seem like it to me because why don't
they give him the power to do what he
needs to do because of politics they
don't want him to get reelected all
right yeah okay thank you all right
Blake uh we'll take another
caller let's go uh hisen burn this looks
like I think I found this I don't know
but I think I found this a good left
leaning
caller hello are you
there oh good what's your
name Jay
Jay um are you where would you identify
on the uh political Spectrum left middle
or right uh yeah left Progressive left
also left are you Bernie supporter yes I
I've often uh labeled myself left to
Bernie so you're a little more
conservative than I am all right no I
would be there with
you okay um can you give me your
argument for why you would oppose
emergency funding of the Border yeah
first of all it's it's the precent
right so um and he's already being sued
in uh many different aspects of that
right but the other thing is the only
way in which he could have had he could
have done anything and would have been
successful is if he included it in a
much bigger plan including DACA
including you know legal immigration
changes so that's the only way in which
it would worked and he didn't do it so
but that's but but that's also the past
right because the the working group the
the the Democrats and the Republicans
who got together they had the option of
expanding it as much as they want in
fact Congress has had you know what two
years of having the option of throwing
anything in a proposal they can get sure
but created this artificial he's created
this artificial timeline
now well all timelines are artificial um
the the the issue is that there's an
ongoing problem and that the longer it
goes the worst would would you agree
that if if there's some amount of crime
coming across the border would you agree
that stopping is sooner is better than
later uh
well it depends on how much you're
actually stopping right for what you're
putting in and could those resources be
allocated elsewhere which would stop
more crime see that's calculus
that changed you've changed your reason
you changed your reason to now the new
reason is that that money could be used
uh elsewhere to better effect I I'm only
reacting to the question that that you
just asked me right so you posed it
differently this time so it doesn't NE
okay so either either case is a reason
why it why it didn't work for him and
it's not going to work for
him well if you agree that it didn't
work to to to
negotiate and that he might not even be
the right person to to negotiate in part
because he's polarizing and maybe
because he doesn't want to who knows no
it's because he's thinking too small
right if he really wants to solve the
problem there are much bigger issues
that that really need to be dealt with
that could solve the problem so but do
you think that he has a Congress that
could be part partners with him in this
yes all right so uh C certainly on his
side so so so this is where uh uh I I
like it when when disagreements get to a
specific assumption where we disagree
with because then you don't really you
don't really need to discuss anymore
there's a a rock based assumption uh my
assumption is that he has thoroughly
tested the Assumption uh or he's
thoroughly tested the process of using
Congress to get it done and that
especially this latest small working
group showed in front of the world that
they were not willing to even follow the
recommendations of their own experts
okay can I just insert something quick
there yes please okay he gave him two
weeks three week yeah three weeks okay
three weeks um that's crazy to expect
anymore well but this was after you know
two years of congress not getting it
done right
okay so totally controlled by GOP well
no because the GOP would have needed a
super majority which they didn't have so
they they for the funding questions they
need to be able to wh and they should
have negotiated enough a little bit to
to get something in return and they
couldn't do that should the magic word
if you were watching earlier I've been
telling people that as soon as one of
the callers uses the word should and get
shut off I I no I I declare Victory uh
because um there's lots of things that
should happen but they're not relevant
because you know people should be nice
to each other people should not care
about politics people should put the
money where it where it makes the most
difference um but well it's it's a way
to back to a point and just say well if
it had gone this way then maybe I would
have agreed with it all right so let me
so let me put in concrete terms without
a
should we are here today and we can't
travel back in time so starting today
would it be your preference that instead
of pursuing the emergency funding that
the president say um however long it
takes Congress this is up to you to do
and let's say that the cost of waiting
is 10 American lives per month let's
just as an example if that were the case
and I'm not saying that that's the right
number but there there's some amount of
crime that's ongoing and some amount of
it we think we could reduce with better
Security based on the border experts
saying that's the case so if for example
the number was 10 dead Americans per
month would you say let's give it
another 12
months 10 dead Americans per month so
120 people on average you don't know who
it would be let's say 120 people were
going to die because we didn't do the e
Mercy funding would you would you
consider it an emergency to save 120
lives Scott I I'm not going to fall for
the you know the false premise and the
false uh wait but but which part is the
false the 10 people per
month what part is false well that or
the
effectiveness of of the plan in which
well then okay then but you've changed
your reason so if the reason is that the
money wouldn't make make a difference we
could talk about that but but you do you
do realize that the the experts on
border security say it would make a big
difference would you agree that they say
that even if you don't yeah yeah no no
no the Ballard fencing um yeah that's um
as far as infrastructure that's what
they ask for the most but they also ask
for technology agents
vehicles and and they and the and the
working group did not give them all
those things they gave them much smaller
amount than the experts asked all right
so actually actually according to Trump
they gave him a lot more that he doesn't
know how to spend
it uh I don't know what that quote is
about but he's in the process of asking
for more money so I don't know how to
explain that he got he got a lot more
money for other things like technology
he doesn't know how to spend it he said
so but that would argue against your
point because you're saying that they
should should give more money to those
things which he already has enough money
for no see I'm not arguing the money
aspect of it I'm arguing whether or not
um it's it should be declared an
emergency now suppose suppose we didn't
call it an emergency let's say it was
just an executive order and let's say
that he said look I agree Congress
should be doing this but right in front
of you they failed and they've been
failing for a year and and I don't leave
nor does anybody else in the country
who's watching that they can that in any
kind kind of quick fashion that that
will change so under those conditions if
you didn't call it an emergency let's
say you call it an executive action and
let's say all he did was do what the
experts on security said you should do
to reduce the amount of crime coming
into the country that's all you did you
just did what the experts said um would
you be okay with that as long that we're
not an
emergency Scott I just don't understand
why they're not spending the resources
that they
have to build right why are we not
talking about my question I liked my
question not not not the one you're
asking we we can talk about your
question but maybe you can answer my
question do I care if you call yeah I do
think the presedent I do think calling
it National Emergency is a huge
precedent constitutional issue that's
just not going to pass right great I
hope I hope it gets challenged in court
and I hope it goes to the Supreme Court
so if it let's say it gets let's say
gets challenged and doesn't go through
yeah um he still has uh these other
budgets the defense budget and there's
some other budget so he can get several
billion from that would you be okay if
he used that money right away without
without going through Congress right but
Scott you're presuming that all of these
suits from 12 States from land
owners
from who else they were I know but just
make your point make your point well the
point is you're also presuming that all
of those are going to get um
approved um you you've mixed several
Concepts the the issues with land owners
are are one off you know each of them
have to be negotiated with but my
understanding is there are so many
places on the border that need to be
shored up that you could sort of ignore
the land owners for now and and and
maybe get to them later but um and he'd
be using his other budgets anyway so
even if there are lawsuits going on for
the Emergency part you still have plenty
of money to do the other stuff all right
I'm going to um thank you so much
for all right take care
bye let's do one more I'm going to do
Robert Robert has been
waiting here Robert you will be live in
a
moment hello Robert where where do you
uh put yourself on the political
scale um conservative
libertarian however this isn't about me
it's about my son he had a uh issue to
bring up about the emergency declaration
all right is your son uh not able to ask
himself no he's not because he's at work
okay and what and what is your son's
point he's
a green pill Democrat liberal Democrat
progress
and he said
that if I'm okay with President Trump's
signing emergency declaration for the
Border then it's a bad precedent because
what about he always uses that
term a liberal Democrat president
signing an emergency order for let's say
gun control or Medicare for all and
totally bypasses Congress what do I
think about that do do do you think that
if such a president were set do you
think that that could cause a situation
where there might be I let's say could
that lead to a
situ country at the same time do you
think it could lead to something like
that I believe it's possible it's
possible but
would you would you believe that's our
current
situation I am you know that's wait you
you know that's the current situation
right the current situation is there are
more than 30 emergencies in effect right
now so if your if your son is saying
what about President we already know the
precedent is is is right now we don't
have to ask what will happen in the
future if somebody does an emergency
declaration that's sort of sketchy
we don't have to ask that because that
already happened and what happened is
now we have 30 of them in place which of
the 30 that are already in place are
bothering your son oh let me answer the
question none because he doesn't even
know what they are so we don't we don't
have to worry about a situation that
we're currently in and we can observe
hey my coffee tastes the same hey it
didn't affect my
taxes so
thank you for taking my call because now
I have the ammunition to give it back to
him you're welcome thanks for calling
all
right let's
do
Mark Mark with the c coming at
you mark are you
there
Mark Mark hey hi hey Mark where are you
on the political Spectrum
I would um I would say that I'm a social
liberal but a yes a fiscal conservative
kind of Le more like libertarian like
get the hell out of our houses and our
personal lives okay that's not too far
from where I am um and what is your
objection to emergency funding of the
border security well that's a little bit
of a rephrasing of the initial question
as I understood it but my and and I'm a
and I'm I'm you know I'm a a big fan R
dra all your books and everything but I
don't think it went far
enough uh you use the analogy of locking
your door to your house right well a lot
of houses have two or three
doors and I and I think if you're gonna
I think if you're going to go all in
from a persuasion
standpoint you can't just focus and I
and I think you I know you don't want to
go backwards in time but I don't think
Trump framed the question accurately
because we have have so many Visa
overstays there's there's so many other
aspects to this than just the southern
border so well hold on hold on I I've
been hoping for somebody to say what you
just said because I have a response to
it if you have a bucket with three holes
in it would you say let's not um plug
them in order because when you plug the
first one there will still be two
there well or or would you say well we
have to do them in some order so let's
do the ones we can do until we're done
plugging the holes why why would it
matter that there's an additional hole
when we know we have to go plug that as
well nobody's nobody's suggesting that
we plug one hole and let everything else
stay the way it is that's that's you're
exactly right and and and and it's
entirely logical it's just that once you
go emergency order even though uh you
know everybody's talking about precedent
there is no precedent here I mean you
know he's doing much more with much less
than other presidents have so let's just
you know that to me that's just not part
of the argument but emergency order is
his last
shot and and and if you're gonna go that
last shot and if you're not gonna frame
that question better for the other two
holes oh but don't you but don't you
think that there's a timing issue in the
sense that if if we handed the president
$25 billion tomorrow he could only spend
five bill billion a year even if he
worked as hard as he could don't you
think it's something like that you know
I do because the the 25 billion was
supposed to be a multi-year number it
was like a 10year number or something so
if he which would have been you know 2.5
billion a year so if he can get five
billion up front that's faster than the
biggest ask he's ever made per year and
I get that I get that I just think that
uh initially and again we're going back
in time uh his 5.7 and ask according to
the art of the deal wasn't
enough I think he should have blown it
completely out of the water well he did
he he asked for 25 billion initially I
mean but I'm talking about completely
blowing it out of the water as as far as
asking for you know addressing visa
overstays and the hb1 Visas and
everything else and then the wall
wouldn't have seen that big of a of of
of something to give up for the DM now I
don't have is that anybody heard of any
solution for the VISA overstays it could
be that we just don't have a good
solution for that but here here's my
opinion on that do you think that the
same level of crime is is approaching
the United States by airplane as it is
by foot do you think that the crime rate
of people who can afford a ticket and
have ID and have some reason to come to
the country and they filled in all the
paperwork and and they could navigate
this complicated system and they come in
on a plane do you think those people
coming on a plane who presumably are
going to be higher income more educated
right that's how you get on a plane in
the first place do you think that that's
the same level of problem even if the
numbers are
high well okay well that last caveat
even if the numbers are high kind of
throws a little bit because I think the
number of H1 Visa overstays are greater
I think as the individual risk per
person to your point is lower right but
but I'm a physical conservative it's not
really for me my issue isn't about
crime it's about paying for
everybody H okay so the the issue is
that all right so you're you're you're
sort of on the other side of the issue
you you just want more wall uh one way
or the other we gotta lock we have to
lock all three doors or what's the point
yeah okay uh that that is a very
supportable opinion and I I take that
and I will uh I will thank you for that
thank you sir all right take care all
right we got one more caller and then
I've exhausted you all worry you out
because the the arguments start to
repeat a little
bit all right somebody here is saying
Visa overstays about 40% of
illegals um I would guess that Visa
overstays have a super low crime rate
now you could argue that's more crime
than we need but if you're arguing what
do you work on first it's probably not
the people who can afford a plane
ticket that that feels like the the
lowest level of crime because those
people want to stay here and the last
thing they need to do is get accused of
a crime I would think that they might be
the lowest crime population in the
country you know my guess
um the Visa overstay is a crime yeah
yeah I'm so sick of the people who say
but don't you know that coming into the
country is a crime in itself we all know
that are you there
caller my caller is not there
um all right does that hurt your
ear uh it's not terribly comfortable but
I wanted to test it all right
so uh were there any arguments you saw
here in which um I did not Prevail did
anybody see
me I know I I don't think lose the
argument is the right way to say it but
uh did anybody have an argument that
they thought bested
me well good I guess I did pretty well
sound quality is good people
say yeah so that's a little tip tip for
you that uh I haven't talked about until
now when you see the um here are some of
the Tells for cognitive dissonance that
you saw so those of you who watched the
whole thing the people who wanted to
talk about the
past they are not they're not dealing in
any kind of
reality that matters so if they're
saying I'm mad about the present because
of something that happened in the past
they're just not part of the rational
conversation you can't time travel can't
go back and change that we're here today
so let's look at here today as the other
thing is when people say should he
should do this should tries to make you
think there's a reason without the
reason included it would make more sense
to say this is more expensive or this is
not our highest priority this plan is
Impractical and here are the reasons
there are a million things you can say
about something you don't like but as
soon as you hear that word should that's
the flag goes up and and I realize I'm
not talking with somebody who's dealing
with reason and facts they they're they
they've decided and then they're working
backwards from their decision and that's
when you see that word
should um somebody says I will stop
using that word right now well you
should just
kidding um
should have would have could have now
I'm not saying that there's no place for
that word in common conversation but in
the terms of debate it's somebody trying
to get away without a reason they're
they're trying to slip one past the
goalie I don't have a reason so I'm just
going to say he should do this it's not
practical but I'll just say you should
we can't afford it but I'll just say you
should we can't go back in time but I'll
just say you should should go back in
time we can't solve all crime by paying
no money but we
should so whenever you see should you
won you won the
conversation uh Scott if you thought
about growing more hair I should I think
I
should uh are you liked my respect for
the
cartels that was kind of
fun now you saw saw uh K Kina or whoever
it was um who completely flipped out
when she realized that her opinions were
completely unmowed from anything
reasonable um and you saw that she
literally she realized that she couldn't
listen to me because it was just showing
how wrong she was the the further I went
uh that was kind of
hilarious and Mexico should pay for it
all right I think we've said enough for
now and I'll talk to you later you might
want to leave in the comments whether
you'd like to see me do this sort of
exercise again on a different topic
perhaps