good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and
there's a reason for that you'll find
out soon if you'd like to take this
experience which is one of the best
things that will ever happen to you in
your entire life up to levels that
nobody can even explain with human words
all you need is a cup or mug or a glass
a tankered CH chalice Stein a canteen
juger flask a vessel of any kind fill it
with your favorite liquid I like this
coffee stuff and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope of me
end of the day thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go a my God that was
good well thanks for joining on
YouTube uh special thanks to the people
on YouTube because you did something
that I didn't think was
possible if the people on locals if if
if you mind a moment of
privilege so YouTube you did something
that I didn't think was possible my
subscriber number has increased by about
50% in the last year pretty impressive
50% now that's the part that uh you as
the viewers
control whether you subscribe or of
50% now interestingly my traffic is
exactly the same the whole
time it will be 29 or 30,000 people will
watch this today like
yesterday and the day
before and all of the days
before
so I've got questions it's kind of nice
that my subscribers went up
50% but kind of odd that the traffic
stayed exactly the same year after year
after year after year it's almost as if
it's not natural it's almost feels as if
it's not organic but I don't know
anything's
possible
well as Owen Gregorian um noted in a uh
retweet today there's a new study
research found that uh uh having at
least two handfuls of nuts a day May
improve male
fertility that's
right so I kid you not male
fertility might depend on the quality of
your
nuts I'm just reading the science stop
doubting the science that's what they
said if you've got good nuts and you
have if you have good nuts you're can to
have lots of good sperm that's what they
say well and the most important news of
the day author Ben McCully has written a
audio book that's out now which has
something to do with the Scott Adams
Talent stack idea but most importantly
he's uh taking the opportunity to train
AI uh by telling it in the book that I
have an IQ of
185 I appreciate it and now I'm
wondering if uh
grock which only knows what it sees on
uh Twitter well it knows more than that
but it also sees Twitter I wonder if
grock knows that my IQ is 185
yet
allegedly all right here's something I
love uh and by the way if you're looking
for that audio book you can just look at
my uh Twitter Twitter feed today I
tweeted
it what's it called something like
something for truck
drivers I'm not sure exactly what the
title of it is so look at my look at my
feed you'll find the the link
um apparently we've got uh Senator Mike
Lee who is calling for investigations
into the January 6 committee for
deceiving the public about the capital
riots did I tell you yesterday that
everything's going my
way I feel like everything's going my
way it's not there like everything needs
to still go a lot further
but it does feel like everything's going
my way how much do you want to see an
investigation into the j6 committee
because in my in my opinion that was
treason what I saw what I saw was
intentional organized government-led
treason to get rid of a president uh on
a false pretense now that's really
different than just lying in public
lying in public is barely legal and we
all we're all used to it so politician
is lying no big deal but if you lie in
an organized fashion in a in a group
effort I'm sure that's called Rico isn't
that Rico an organized effort to do
something that I don't know how illegal
it is but it should be illegal to
intentionally lie to the public in an
official government entity it's not I'm
sure it's not should be so I don't know
if any kind of Investigation would find
any crimes but we should certainly know
why they were such despicable
weasels um in other news I guess
Australia's got some new powerful
technology that makes
lasers uh three to nine times more
powerful without without deteriorating
the beam quality which means you might
be using using these for shooting down
missiles and shooting down
drones now in my book the religion War
which is really hard find cuz it's a
band
book one of the uh predictions I made is
that there would be gigantic floating
ocean-based platforms that would have
something like huge lasers on them and
probably some kind of nuclear source so
that you could put it near any theater
of operation and it could basically
shoot down 100% of whatever is in the
air if you want to so I think that's
where we're going we're going to end up
with laser beams that can shoot down
anything in the air we might actually
reach a point where nothing could
fly Maybe Might it might be actually too
dangerous to have anything in the air at
all because laser beams will just shoot
them out of the air cuz eventually every
side will have a laser beam I guess once
you can shoot anything out of the air
people are going to do it so that's
coming um here's an idea that uh I think
is so good it's
irresistible and I heard it on a a reel
on Instagram but it's it's sort of a
general idea and that is that one of the
biggest things the United States needs
not just for the citizens but for the
economy is a construction boom I can't
think of anything that would be better
for our economy than a construction boom
where people get jobs and people are
buying homes and doing all that stuff
but of course the the red tape and the
approvals are so burdensome you know I I
built my own home it takes years to get
approval to build a new home
years and that's just the normal process
that's not with anything broken so uh
but one of the things to change that is
in at least in California I think in
other places you can do this uh
Adu situation these little tiny homes
that you put a mother-in-law in you can
plop one in your backyard
but in California I guess they come kind
of pre-approved and they they cut they
cut a lot of the uh red tape out so it's
a it's become a booming field because
they got rid of red tape and they
standardized on okay we'll approve this
you know as long as you meet these
requirements we'll we'll approve it well
I saw an idea
um that I don't know who's attributed to
but it's it's kind of a general good
idea so probably more than one person
has had it
that there should be something like a
bunch of approved models of homes and
maybe Office Buildings as well so that
if you wanted to build an office
building or build a home you would just
pick one of the dozen or so models that
are
pre-approved and that you would just go
to the front of the line because you
picked one of the pre-approved houses
now if you wanted to build a speck house
probably still have to do the work but
wouldn't it be nice if if you could
build a development or or an entire New
City because I keep hammering on that
building new cities wouldn't it be nice
if everybody could just say all right
I'll have a give me a number three or
number 12 and there's just no red tape
you just build
them to me this is irresistibly
smart um I I'm sure that something like
this is going to happen I'm sure that a
president who is a republican Trump
ramaswami somebody like that could move
this forward and I do think I think we
should have you know maybe State rules
but there should be
some um there should be some kind of
federal guaranteed approved building
that every state has to accept that
would be just
amazing all right
um so that's the future of
housing but there's something similar
going on with space so Senators Kirsten
Cinema and uh rich guy Eric Schmidt have
sent the
FAA um a letter imploring them to act
now and to eliminate red tape and stuff
and so the idea is that there's too much
red tape to get a rocket into space
which is no surprise so we actually have
some some important people who are
working on making easier to get a rocket
into space now isn't that just an
unambiguously good
idea that is an unambiguously good idea
I mean Elon has talked about if you
piled all the you know the regulations
up it would be like mile high or
something
so when when you worry about the future
of
America what do you mostly worry
about for me it's competent
and not being able to get out of our uh
let's say our Legacy systems the the
great thing about America as we compare
to let's say established places we got
to start from
scratch and build something that worked
but now like everything it starts
getting aifi and red taped and you know
regulations and rules and you just can't
get anything done we're we're going to
have to do something that just sweeps
the
de and here's my optimism my optimism
goes like
this there's nobody better in the
world than
Americans at breaking what they built so
they can break a better they can build a
better one would you agree with that I
don't think anybody is better than
America at breaking the thing that
existed so they can improve it it's sort
of built into our whole nature in fact I
think that has something to do with
being an immigrant
Nation but what what did every early
immigrant do to get to
America they broke their they they
took their entire life and they broke it
and they got on a little boat and
without knowing what's on the other end
exactly went across an ocean a freaking
ocean on a little boat they couldn't
even get you couldn't even tell the
difference between Virginia and Salem
literally in one case the
Mayflower and they took that risk they
just broke everything they had because
it wasn't working and went to where they
could build something new now what
happens if you create a
country that's of people who were
willing to break what they had to build
something new no matter where they came
from some came from Ireland they broke
what they had to build something new
some Came From Italy some came from you
know China
so I really do think that's what's
special about the DNA of America which
is the ability to savagely destroy
savagely like aggressively destroy what
used to work but definitely doesn't work
anymore so kirston Cinema Eric
Schmidt um yeah here's that's the
direction we need to go let's break it
we need to break more things so we can
build more
things let's talk about Tik Tock uh
interestingly uh you've heard me
complain a number of times that Fox
News uh was running advertisements for
Tik Tok it was actually sponsored on Fox
News Now Fox News more than any other
network uh quite
accurately um quite accurately was you
know having people on like Tom Cotton um
I think Bob Lee
some other people who are criticizing
Tik
Tock but they just Fox News just ran an
opinion
piece now opinion piece means it's not
just one person's opinion that Fox News
graciously decided to include it means
it's the actual Fox News opinion meaning
as an organization they have an opinion
sort of like Wall Street Journal has an
opinion board so their opinion is that
Tik Tok should be
banned at the same time that they're an
Advertiser on their
Network thank
you nicely done uh Fox News just went
from what the hell is going on with you
guys in my mind why are you running Tik
Tock ads
to Hero Heroes here's why uh and I'm
going to quote the great Willie Brown
who was a politician in San Francisco
and California for years
and he was at one point I've said this
before but it's just such a great quote
um somebody asked him why he was taking
lobbyists or taking money from the
tobacco industry when legislation was
upcoming that was about the tobacco
industry and so Willie Brown showing why
he was so popular said if you can't take
money from somebody and then turn around
and stab him in the back you're in the
wrong
business okay you answered all of my
questions Willie Brown I I was actually
a little bit worried that you might do
with the people who gave you money said
they wanted you to do but he just went
right in public and said if you can't
stab him in the back you're in the wrong
business so here's here's uh Fox News
who took money from Tik Tock ran their
ads and then ran a opinion poll that
says they should be banned and
completely out of business nicely done
that is how you wiie
brown that is how you Wily brown right
there you want to see it again you want
want to see some more Willie Brown
action because it's kind of cool when
you see it all right all right you might
know that uh I endorse VI
ramaswami he's my choice for president I
think president Trump would be fun and
wonderful but he's very provocative and
he's at a certain age and I so I have a
bias for a younger president want to be
consistent because I said the same thing
about Biden I said hey he's up there
that's a risk I don't want to take so
I'm going to be consistent and saying
you know younger younger person is a
better choice at the point now might not
happen but I'm I'm going to stay
consistent to
that um so having said that uh I endorse
VI you know that VI uh decided he would
use Tik Tok for his own
uh campaign and when asked about U Tik
Tock um he said that you know other
places that like Airbnb said had a data
privacy issue with China which Airbnb
denies by the way so there's some
question about the details of that but
um so a made it a priv data privacy
issue in at least in terms of how he
answered the
question now like I said I endorse him
for president
[Music]
stop it who's calling me this time of
day um but despite uh endorsing him uh
I'm going to stab him in the back by
saying that he's not representing uh Tik
Tock correctly and I think you all know
it the the real problem with Tik Tok is
not the data privacy that's a problem
it's a problem you should do something
about it but it's not the big one the
big one is
influence and China has built a user
interface for American
minds and there's a major candidate for
president who at the moment is okay with
that I'm very much not okay with that
all right but in the spirit of Fox News
who can take tick tck's money and stab
them in the back uh I'm going to uh
continue endorsing V ramaswami while
stabbing him in the back so I'm going to
stab him in the back right now VI think
you're completely wrong about this now
if if the
strategy if the strategy is to Simply
use Tik Tock to get elected and then try
to shut him down oh I'm going to be
giving him a stand inovation and that
might actually be the strategy the
strategy might be to use Tik Tock to get
elected and then shut him down now that
would be the ultimate Willie Brown
play I don't know that he has that mind
I've not heard any hints of that but if
he does Standing
Ovation Standing Ovation because he's
saying directly that he would use Tik
Tock for the stated purpose of winning
because he's concerned and it's a good
concern that Republicans aren't trying
hard enough to win that they're dying on
principle instead of trying to win so if
you're going to be the guy who says stop
dying on principle and try to win it is
very consistent that you say I'm going
to use Tik Tok to try to win so I'm not
I'm definitely not accusing V of being
inconsistent he's very consistent he's
doing exactly what he says Republicans
should do try to win first and then see
if he can do some good stuff I get that
I get that
but just keep in mind that he and I are
going to have to
disagree on uh Tik Tock as a persuasion
tool and have how much of a big deal
that is and whether he should be trying
to ban it right away versus using it to
get elected I would
rather uh I'd rather he was in favor of
banning it but still still endorsing
because I think as a package he's the
best
package all right
um so Mike Ben continues to be a
National Treasure by explaining to us
some things that we kind of feel but we
haven't
put a put a wrapper around it to
understand it more comprehensively which
is the way American opinions are being
manipulated by members of the government
now specifically there are now two
states that have rolled out some kind of
media literacy program for their schools
so now New York and I believe California
is following up the you know our two
major states are going to train people
in colleges and high and schools K
through 12 uh something they call media
literacy which in their in their view of
it would be teaching them how to
understand the news and not be fooled by
fake
news now I don't think you needed Mike
Ben to tell you that this is coming from
Democrats and is really and it's a
brainwashing operation that Democrats
are too stupid to know it's a
brainwashing de operation do you know
why because they're already
brainwashed that the Democrats actually
believe that one side is
right now if you if there's somebody on
the right who says yeah damn it one side
is right it's our side no no it doesn't
really work that way no no both both
sides have a little bit to explain both
sides this is one of those situations
where both siding it is absolutely
appropriate if you're bull sizing the
Gaza situation you you're going to have
to answer some questions about that but
you can absolutely both sides fake news
right if you're not both siding it
you're you're not a serious player right
I do think that there's a greater amount
on one side but so do they so just know
that that's what everybody thinks that
the other side has more of it but that's
probably a perceptual
thing anyway um so basically a Ministry
of Truth like organization is being set
up um and it's a major program that
Democrats are pushing to get it
everywhere and who do you think will
develop the materials that the uh
students will see do you think
Republicans will be developing the
materials that tells them what's true
and what's
not
no no no this is literally just a way to
brainwash kids into turning them into
Democrats and and somehow everybody's
like all right well disinformation
doll so here's what I hate most about
this
story there's lots of stuff in the news
you know a lot of topics and usually the
most involved I might want to get in a
topic is writing a tweet or mentioning
it on the live stream like he can't get
involved in everything but there is this
weird category of things where I can't
not get
involved because I have some unique
skill that is rare and my country is
calling me I know it sounds dramatic but
it's just literally true who who exactly
would you call to De program California
kids right this is my state I just found
out that the the government is going to
propagandize the children into becoming
my
enemies let me say that again my state
just rolled down a program to teach kids
to make me their enemies indirectly but
that's that would be the obvious outcome
of it if it turned them into you know
good Democrats who believe CNN and MSNBC
are telling the truth what's the outcome
of that the outcome of that is I become
their enemy because that's what msnb CN
CNN will tell them
so the children in my state are being
weaponized against
me in really that there's no there's no
propaganda or there's no uh hyperbole in
that statement the children of my state
are being propagandized and
brainwashed overtly
publicly see for yourself you can just
look at it yourself there's no doubt
about what's happening to not like me
among other things I mean it's not about
me of course but that would be the
outcome
now
um I believe I have unique skills to
pull that
off and so much so that I've largely
decided this morning I'm going to start
holding
classes and maybe just for the Neighbors
at first and see if I could build
something like a like a like a two-hour
class to teach children how to spot fake
news the real
way as in both sides right so it would
be a both- sides lesson it wouldn't be a
Democrats get everything wrong
Republicans are awesome or Libertarians
got the right answer none of that just
had to spot the fake
stuff
so if it
worked and you know I got good at it and
people wanted to send their kids there
um and by the way way I would have lots
of lots of sha
rooms yeah it's
2023 almost 2024 so you can't say some
you you can never say something like I
plan to organize something for kids you
you got to add right in there with lots
of chapad like yeah their parents can
attend the parents should attend you
should audit the class she would just
say that
automatically um my kids are
homeschooled we've volunteer well there
you go yeah I think I have enough that I
could pull together class with like an
hour of preparation it wouldn't take
much I've already got the notes for the
the lesson so this is one of those
situations where actually I actually
have to work like I should stop watching
the news because I really want to stop
working or or working is hard I like
doing this this isn't work but I don't
really want
to like go save my my state it's a lot
of work but I I have to I mean seriously
you tell me you tell me can I let this
go can I let that
go in my
state I
can't I absolutely don't I don't have
the capability to just let that
slide I I wish I did because I don't
want to do
it but I'm going to because here we
are
anyway I'll make that work somehow uh
speaking of aake he's he's reporting
that the Iowa crowds for him are quote
is shockingly large even in smaller
counties and it's a lot of people who
have never been to a caucus before he
did six events yesterday six events
today seven events
tomorrow and he says that the MSM
Narrative of what's happening in Iowa is
completely wrong he says get ready for a
surprise in Iowa on January 15th you
know
what there might be a surprise in
Iowa might be a surprise in
Iowa yeah I think V is
rising and um who is he he's running
against somebody right besides Trump
he's running uh who's the other guy
who's running for the nomination it's a
Ronnie something d d santis Ron
Ron D santis is that you pron I I feel I
like vaguely remember there was he's a
governor or something I remember he was
once popular with the Republicans but uh
now he's a guy with funny boots that's
all I remember about him I I don't have
a specific memory of anything you said
lately
joking just
joking um now let me ask you this
speaking of DeSantis
wasn't at least half of the reason for
disantis and I I need a fact check on
this see if this is accurate wasn't
something like half of the reason for
disantis to run is that he could beat
Biden and Trump could not do I have that
right wasn't that like half of the
reason the other half was people liked
him right the other half was he's a good
Governor I'm sure he would be a good
president by the way I think he would do
a fine job as a president if he's a
president someday I think I'd support
him
but if if half of the argument is he's
the only one who could be Biden and as
of today the last the most recent six or
seven
polls have Trump solidly beating
Biden you know within 2% you could say
is margin of error but that's a national
number if if if Trump is over Biden 2%
in a national number and and whenever
they look at the the Battleground States
it looks like he has a more commanding
lead it looks like it's
over in terms of the argument for a
disantis if if you've been running for a
year or however long disantis has been
running and the end result of a year of
running is if 50% of the reason you're
running in the first place just
dissolved which is Trump can't win
against
Biden it's kind of time isn't it
so I'd like to suggest the following I
think danta supporters surely want him
to stay in for a couple of primaries
because you know you paid the money
you're on the wagon you know might might
as well find out what happens maybe get
lucky but if
disantis uh shits the bed in Iowa and
New
Hampshire and V beats him in one or both
of those
places don't you think it's tough
time I I feel like that would be that
would be the trigger for DeSantis to do
the right
thing
and and in part because I think the
emergency backup spare is better served
if it's
fake now to be realistic the people who
are not Trump who are running for the
nomination um they're kind of running in
case something happens to Trump
or maybe something lucky happens or
maybe he says something you know that is
literally disqualifying to the right
something like that so it's sort of a uh
just in case break glass an emergency
some say that they're running for vice
president I don't think that they would
tell you that so um I like to see it as
the you know the emergency spare tire
but in this case a full-size spare you
know sometimes spare tire is a little
one you not supposed to drive too far
but in other cases you get a fullsize
spare I think that disantis is a
full-size
spare I think vake is a full-size
spare right I don't think the others are
but they they could do the job that's a
trump-like job and you'd probably say
yeah that looked that's about what I
wanted they have the capability they
have the they have the skill so I feel
like what you're going to see is a good
reasons for disantis to make a
uh respectable exit and by the
way I'd appreciate him running don't you
you know there there's some of you who
said hey don't run against Trump but I'm
glad he did I I feel like it made the
system better that he was in the race
because you you had somebody to compare
to Trump here's here's why it's
important DeSantis was sort of the safe
Republican Choice am I right he felt
kind of
safe and what you needed before you
committed to Trump if he's your choice
think about the psychology this before
you committed to Trump
fully don't you love the fact that you
had a a good
solid Governor
choice so that if you decide that
Trump's still your
person that you made that decision with
the best
possible scenario
which is you you had a legitimate Choice
he he's a serious legitimate choice for
president dis anesis so now if you pick
now if you pick Trump what would be the
the psychological thing that
happens I think it binds you to Trump
stronger because you have to make a
choice of somebody who wouldn't have all
the uh let's say I'm going to say
baggage of trump if you chose that
directly after knowing you had a safer
Choice you're going to be really
committed to that choice do you
understand how that works because
cognitive dissonance is going to lock
you into your choice thing
controversial all right I think it
back so let me say it
again um I think it's time with the full
respect of the Republican party for
DeSantis to you know maybe maybe back
out a after after a primary if he
doesn't do well if he kills it in the
primary well hey I'll I'll revise my
opinion because you know V the voters
might want a choice but if he if he just
if a v laps him if he gets lapped by V
in either of those
primaries I think he needs to do what he
needs to do and everybody would be happy
with him I
think
all right uh let's talk about Media
Matters it seems like it Trends every
day on on X so you know uh musk is going
thermonuclear law lawsuit against them
for for their allegedly fake analysis
that said uh that X was pairing Neo-Nazi
stuff with
advertisers and and people have tried to
reproduce it um can't reproduce it so it
does not in fact
appear that it was real but we'll find
out
um Tim P has suggested that influencers
on ACT people like me and people like
Tim Po should join musk in the lawsuit
now I'm no lawyer so I don't know what
that
means is that something like an amicus
brief or something again I don't know
what that means but isn't an amicus
brief like a you're you're a friend of
somebody on one side so you you write a
little thing supporting them you're a
friend of the court right but is that
all or would you or would you somehow
join in the
lawsuit do you think class action would
apply is there enough of a see I'm I'm
not a lawyer now so I don't know would
class action
be uh he means as a plaintiff so as a
plaintiff that doesn't necessarily apply
class action you could just be an
additional plaintiff right I don't know
what makes it a
class uh class action does not apply I'm
hearing from the only lawyer that I know
is watching so we think that class
action doesn't apply but maybe you could
be a
plaintiff now I don't know what that
would mean if the law if the lawsuit is
effective what would that mean for the
additional plaintiffs that they would
get some portion of the
uh the award if there's any monetary
award now I can't imagine Media Matters
has money except for soros's money
wouldn't it be amazing if uh Elon mus
sued Media Matters which is funded by
Soros and then soros's money went to
Elon
Musk how much would you love that just
the concept of it that'd be
fun well if there is some way to join in
on this uh matter um and I can be useful
without traveling because I don't want
to travel but if I could be useful I'd
do
that uh one of the most fun stories here
in California is we've got this guy
Pencil Neck Adam Schiff to quote Trump
um and he wants to be a senator instead
of a
uh uh a m house representative and so
so but uh Nome was in a situation I
think cuz he said he would appoint a
black woman so he did but that doesn't
mean that she has the job you know it's
still up for election and uh I don't
even know if the woman who's in the job
right now whose name I can't remember I
don't know if she's even going to
run has she announced she's going to run
but anyway he's he's running shiff would
be running against at least two uh
highly qualified black
women now how in the world do Democrats
in
California elect a white guy when there
are two highly qualified black women in
the race like how does that fit with the
whole I'm a Democrat
thing feels like that and apparently
shiff actually came out first in some
early uh primary
thing doesn't look like there there's a
strong preference for
him
uh now would you say that Adam Schiff is
the poor man's Keith
olberman or or not that's the question
I'm asking you today is Adam shiff the
poor man's Keith
olberman sort of sort
of which would make
uh um swall well the poor man's
shift so swall would be like two levels
below Keith obman under that model under
that model all right um so Adam shiff uh
posted today on X that Elon mus Elon
Musk has been amplifying anti-semitic
content do you think that's
true
literally the
opposite now but but I would say this
isn't uh isn't the xplatform and isn't
all of social media
uh a technology which amplifies all
messages so if so if one person retweets
you they've Amplified your
message so is X the only place that
messages get Amplified isn't that what
all media does it's amplification of
messages aren't there messages on both
sides of every issue on every platform
that are getting Amplified th this guy
has has ways of
lying you could write books about all
right so here's uh lie pattern 17 from
Adam Schiff uh here's the one where you
make a claim about somebody that uh the
reader would not quickly identify as
equally true of every single person in
the same business because it's all legal
and appropriate because it's a business
where you amplify everybody's
opinion uh and then he says he's
profiting from misinformation
all right what member of the media does
not profit from
misinformation they all do they all
profit from it because that's what gets
the clicks they get more clicks from
misinformation than information so again
he's using pattern 17 of acting like
there's only one person who does it no
everybody this is just the universal way
everything
works uh and allowing pramas propaganda
to spread a again what does the regular
media do does not the regular media also
interview people who are on both
sides that's all they do so that's lie
pattern 17 to pretend that he's the only
one doing this
stuff and uh then shiff says he's joined
representative Dan Goldman and
representative of Rasin and demanding
accountability from X so these
 actually want to destroy
the only remaining source of free speech
in
America could they be any worse people
to to channel uh Chandler Bank could
they be any worse for America and the
amazing thing is that they do it right
in front of you right in front of you
they tell you they don't want you to
have information that is useful at the
same time they're doing these this uh
media literacy thing which is is
obviously the opposite of that it's to
teach people to be stupid and believe
what they're
told all
right so um the Pentagon which has
failed its six consecutive audit as
others have pointed out uh this week
they requested an extra $114 million for
Dei they've asked for
$114 million of your taxpayer money not
to defend the
country but to make it more
defenseless
because well while I do not say that you
know uh there's one group that's all
good and other groups are all bad I
don't say that
obviously isn't the whole idea of Dei
that you're going to give up capability
to gain um
Equity isn't that the whole concept I
thought the whole concept was yeah we're
we're going to try a little less hard to
look for the very best person but as
long as you're in the general
ballpark you know we value
diversity you know you could make an
argument for that in a private company
as in well yes it maybe in some cases
it's not that good for the shareholders
but you do live in a country that is a
diverse country and don't you want the
businesses to reflect the diversity of
the country to which I say Yes actually
that's not a bad idea but you do
necessarily by simply trying harder for
diversity this has nothing to do with
the quality of applicants in any group
it's just a a restraint you put on your
um on your employee hiring any kind of
restraint is going to give you a worse
outcome now we can accept that a little
bit in corporate
situations but do you accept that when
it comes to the
military let me say it again as directly
as I can when it comes to
self-defense whether it's the
military or whether it's you personally
defending yourself or you defending your
family you can discriminate as much as
you want and it's completely moral and
ethical you agree with that right for
self-defense and this is a unique
category it's not about business it's
not about personal relationship
it's not who you marry it's not who you
rent to all those things have to be for
society to function those have to be
really done right right you can't
discriminate in those categories
everything just falls apart but when you
talk about
defense you can discriminate as much as
you want there's nothing wrong with that
the reason the military doesn't
discriminate against uh black people
like I guess at some point it did is
because it terms ended didn't make a
difference
so that discrimination wasn't helping
but it was hurting recruit recruitment
so you get rid of it that makes
sense but do we keep any discrimination
when it comes to the military of course
of course we
do if you're a certain age you can't
join the military Am I Wrong the
military is
aist directly
overtly without an apology
and does anybody have a problem with
that no because that's how you keep the
country safe so that's a very clean
example agism where the military says
yeah we're we're just going to
discriminate like crazy about Age and
what does the public say hey
discriminating against hey okay yeah
that makes sense do they do any other
discrimination does military
discriminate against you for height
absolutely height weight um your uh
ability if you have a disability of some
sort total
discrimination If This Were a
corporation we'd say Hey you know maybe
put in some
ramps but in the military we say hey
you're discriminating against the
differently able oh yeah okay that makes
sense right wherever you see defense is
the issue either personal or national
discrimination is absolutely
allowed now it might it might be illegal
so that you know we make the laws
ourselves but in terms of what makes
sense what's what makes you a good
person or a bad person what uh what is
ethical what is moral in defense you can
discriminate as much as you want and
that is not unethical is not immoral it
is simply
smart right
and that works in every in every
possible way
right
so all
right um yeah so the pentagon's
ridiculous so Sam mman is returning to
open AI so the drama about open AI it
wouldn't full circle I guess the most of
except for one person on the board uh is
fired Sam mman is back Microsoft is
happy and uh uh Ilia the guy who's the
genius of it all seems to be happy and
he'll work at open
AI uh what's his last name
Ilia could
could give me his last name so I can say
right because I have something to say
about him no you're saying no not Man
from Uncle name he's not Ilia kakan but
that was a good
guess
uh all right well you're not going to
tell me his name or somebody tell me
because it's not karaka come
on
Suk thank you Yulia Suk I think that's
close suit
sker now if you've seen
him on interviews and I've watched
there's some things we can say about him
number one he's a naturally good-look
guy
he's a pretty good-looking guy and
secondly he seems to be about like one
of the smartest people in the
world that's kind of cool he's all he's
probably
already nearly a
billionaire if he has if he has shares
of uh open AI I think he's probably a
billionaire right depending how much he
has so he's a good-looking
guy he's
got
um
he's uh probably a billionaire and one
of the smartest people
ever and he can't build
an an AI that will tell him to get a
haircut have you seen his hair now I'm
I'm going to
do I'm going to do something that will
seem
cruel but this ladies and gentleman is
tough love so Ilia I tell you this with
love because I'm one of you I'm one of
you look at me y you I'm one of
you let me let me tell you the best
advice I once got at a barber shop so I
I always get my haircut at the same
place and the owner has you know a whole
bunch of hair cutters and you just go in
whichever one's available you sit in the
chair and I I never really talked to the
owner but a number of years ago I was in
there and uh the hair cutters said uh
you know how do you like your hair and I
said give me a number two you know
that's a certain height of the hair
that's remaining is number two give me a
number two and I remember that the owner
of the uh
place um I oh I think one day he was he
cut my hair I think it was the first day
that he cut my hair cuz he's just one of
the Cutters as well and I said number
two all over and he said to
me it's time for number
one I said what he goes yeah trust me
it's time for number
one so I said yes to number one now it's
it's grown out you can tell I need a
haircut it's too long now so now now I'm
a hypocrite but I know it so if you know
it that's not as bad and so I say Elia
you really have everything going for
you you got the hottest company you're
the smartest guy good-look guy shave
your
head and and let me do a joke that uh uh
Jerry Seinfeld did he used to have a
routine where you talk about uh China
and they had Chopsticks but they didn't
have
spoons and he he would laugh at CH and
say you had Chopsticks you couldn't
invent the spoon and then the punchline
he is he goes you've seen
shovels and I I laugh every time I hear
that you've seen shovels and you
couldn't invent the
spoon to which I say
Ilia you just spent the whole week
dealing with the uh the head of
Microsoft
SATA come
on SATA figured it out he he's a shaved
head guy um Jeff
Bezos anybody Jeff Bezos he got a
figured out shave that yeah shave
that right off what what does Jeff Bezos
look like now stud total stud he's
jacked shaved his head total makeover
Dana White how about how about Dana
White of the uh
UFC imagine if he had the pointy haired
boss hair instead of that cool shaved
head shaved his head looks great looks
great so I guess I don't care too much
about the whole uh uh open AI Saga
because all it did was sort of return it
back to what it was but
Ilia you really got a lot going on there
shave that off that's all I'm
saying how odd is it and I didn't make
this up
um this this observation came from rul
Davis was a great follow on on the
xplatform he said what are what the odds
that the guy who's in
charge of making a like a new entity AI
or AGI will be like a new intelligence
what would be the odds that his last
name would be alt
man literally an
alternative to a
man and he and his job is building an
alternative to
people and he's apparently done it or
it's close to it really I mean what are
the odds of that come on come
on yeah Sam bankman freed same situation
well Israel allegedly is close to a
hostage deal they'll give uh they'll
give 50 of
hamas's uh prisoners and they'll give
back 150 of Hamas type people that they
have in jails it'll be a four-day lull
and fighting they don't call it a
ceasefire they call it a lull
and uh I guess the news the news is
saying that Biden was quite involved in
this do we give Biden the
win because it does look like Biden may
have been quite instrumental in getting
this done no no you're not going to give
Biden um any credit at all for getting
50 people
released what's your argument for
that is your argument that he probably
didn't have any
effect that would be a pretty good
argument but the news is saying he was
quite involved that's why he went there
to Israel it's he's been on the phone
and I don't know
maybe I don't you know I don't think
it's fair to have a knee-jerk reaction
that everything Biden did was
wrong I mean he's he's struggling but it
can't be true that everything he does is
wrong
you know it's entirely possible that
this was about uh human lives and he
wanted to save some Americans and he put
some put some elbow into it maybe he did
maybe he saved some Americans I I'm
going to tentatively give him the win on
this you know maybe it could have been
better maybe we didn't get any Americans
I don't know I'm not sure who's in the
50 but if we got any Americans
back I don't know I'm not I'm not going
to to criticize him for
it um and then I guess the deal says
that there would be uh another day of
lull for every 10 people that they give
back beyond that but nobody expects that
to
happen so here's what I
think um how in the
world what what is a MOS
thinking is SAS thinking that somehow
they're going to survive
this I know I I would be worried that
there's another trick coming so I'm I'm
kind of worried that this won't come off
smoothly but we'll see yes my my
prediction would be wrong exactly my
prediction is that the deal wouldn't
happen but remember the deal hasn't
happened but it does look like the
prediction will be wrong if they pull it
off now the the way that this would make
sense uh the only way I could say is if
both sides thought they had an advantage
and that's the part I didn't predict I
did not predict that both sides would
think they had an advantage in making a
deal but I think the Israelis are going
to get a public relations Advantage
because if they had if they you know
just going in there and all the hostages
died they'd never be able to explain it
so if you can get a big chunk of them
out you'll always have that on your
permanent record that you did not just
you know go in and destroy everything
just as you could that you use judgment
you know use some wisdom to manage the
situation the best you could Etc so I
think that Israel will get a
huge uh public relations benefit from
it uh I think Hamas thinks that they'll
use that time to maybe consolidate or
get some kind of advantage or something
but I think that Israel will get a a
bigger Advantage from Simply being able
to watch
activity once they think they can move
freely CU I think they're going to tell
which tunnels people came out of and you
know where there's more activity than
there should be even if you're
Israel wouldn't the first thing you'd
like to know is where are those hostages
coming out of what holes are they coming
out of if you can find that out because
wherever they're coming from is the
first place you should go in and see if
there're any
more and you know or at least capture
the people who were involved with
releasing the first 50 cuz whoever was
involved in getting the first 50
probably knows where some others are
because that would be sort of part of
the process of figuring out which 50 so
it does give Israel uh an advantage
especially if they have any signal
intelligence and they're listening in on
any phone calls or anything because the
oh I just figured it
out did did you just figure out the play
as I was talking I figured it out yeah
there's no way Hamas could coordinate uh
getting all the the people back without
some signal intelligence in other words
they're going to be on a cell phone
somebody somewhere somebody's going to
be talking to somebody else remotely or
or even if they're doing it without
signals they could be you know sending
couriers back and forth Israel is going
to watch where watch where the activity
is to figure out where the other
hostages
are yeah Israel is going to use this to
figure out where the tunnels are and
where the concentrations of Famas are
and also where the other uh hostages are
and then they'll talk to the 50 and the
50 will probably give them intelligence
about who else might be
where uh this is actually very smart the
more I think about it the smarter this
sounds for
Israel because they're going to learn so
much in this process
and then and they and they've said
directly this has nothing to do with
whether we're going to kill everybody in
Hamas oh we're totally going to kill
everybody in h
off yeah you know I'm liking this deal a
little bit
more so um in my opinion Hamas would be
the ones who would be crazy to take it
even though they're getting 150 of their
people out see the problem with this
whole battle
is that uh
the two sides are really different kinds
of
armies because Israel's incentive is to
kill the fewest number of um you know
non-combatants as possible and also
Israel is trying to protect the maximum
amount of Life combatants and
non-combatants so Israel is fighting a
battle of protecting lives and avoiding
killing the wrong people Hamas is is
running a battle where they can win both
ways
they can win by being
slaughtered because they get the
publicity win which they think would
translate into even more pressure on
Israel in the long run so that would be
a win they could also win by killing
lots of Israelis and making it a less
hospitable place to live so Hamas can
win by dying and they can win by killing
you they have a weird business
model so under those
conditions what we responsibility does
Israel have to not kill people in
Hamas you know it it seems to me if
hamas's strategy is maximum death of
their own
people and that happens it means Hamas
got the strategy they
wanted so I think Israel is getting way
too much pressure for you know not doing
enough to protect the citizens when it's
the actual strategy of Hamas for their
own citizens to die in large numbers so
if if the other side wants to
die even more than you want to keep them
alive the people who want their own side
to die is always going to win like
Israel can't control how much the other
team wants to die like they don't have
any control over that if they really
really want to die really badly not much
you can do about that so there's no
doubt about what's going to happen there
will be what looks to us
like
unacceptable um non-combatant deaths but
there wasn't any
choice so you can say it's unacceptable
but compared to what compared to
what and I guess uh now some uh member
of the government there see who was it
Israel's intelligence Minister has said
out loud that uh well you know maybe
another
option another option just putting that
out there oh while we're just
spitballing another option for Gaza yeah
just one other thing to think about put
this on the list of things we should
consider would be to uh promote the
voluntary resettlement of Gaza
Palestinians for humanitarian reasons
outside the
strip to depopulate
it
now th this is always been the cats on
the roof situation there was no there
was no other
option Israel from the beginning had to
depopulate uh Gaza because they said
very clearly we're going to change the
reality there for 50 years two
generations two generations is exactly
what you need to um brainwash a
population back to some kind of
compliance because you need here's why
you need two generations the first
generation you try to
brainwash is going to be unbra
brainwashed by their parents so even
though the cool the school might say
this is true this is true as soon as
they go home their parents say forget
that that's that you know Western Jewish
school you're going to they're just
lying to you so that that's not as
strong but by by the time you get to the
second generation you've got a good
chance that the parents in the schools
cu the parents would have been
brainwashed in the first generation that
you got a good chance to get the same
message that oh yeah this is what's true
both sides so 50 years is sort of a
minimum I think Eisenhower said the same
thing about Germany Eis now said it
would take 50
years so yeah I don't see any
possibility that anything else will
happen they're going to have to
depopulate Gaza and uh it will be
trouble forever but what else are you
going to do uh Biden apparently delayed
the shipment of 4500 M16 rifles to
Israel
uh the problem was there was some
right-wing politician who was doing
photo ops handing them out and that
wasn't a good look um but there is some
thought that the the settlements that
are near Gaza or in any dangerous areas
uh might be arming themselves and Israel
the government might not be too happy
about that because they're sort of
anti-gun but I can't so you know the
Trump polling um
uh he's up uh in seemingly almost all of
the new polls Trump is leading
Biden uh but we talked about how weird
it is that he see that Trump seems to be
leading with young people and I
suggested that there might be something
wrong with the
polling um and now I've got some push
back on that which is more credible than
me so Nate silver who you know famous
famous for polling and knows what he's
talking about uh he points out that
there are actually really good reasons
why we might see the youth have changed
dramatically number one it's happened
before so actually there is precedence
of a subgroup like youth completely
flipping and I think Reagan was the
example so the youth group kind of went
for Reagan they liked them so it has
happened
before and it happened with Reagan and
who's the closest president to Reagan
that we've had
Trump he he's the closest to Reagan I
mean intentionally he he actually
intentionally models himself after
Reagan so would it be
surprising if uh young people who by the
way were hugely against Reagan for you
know being this right-wing Nazi guy
that's what they thought uh that they
flipped by probably the second I think
the second election more likely than the
first so yes it's possible because Trump
is the candidate the other possibility
as Nate silver points out is that Biden
is not just old you know Biden was old
in the first election he's now
ancient and young people have a real
just a natural biological
revulsion to age sort of built in so
that they can you know that I guess that
keeps them each other instead of
people who can't reproduce right so
biologically they're just built to be
repulsed by anything they can't
reproduce
basically uh so it could be that it
could be as nay silver says that uh
young people had never seen inflation
until now that's actually a really good
point the inflation we're experiencing
now I hate like I really really hate it
but I've also spent a lot of years of my
life in an inflation economy so it's not
the first time to see my buying power
Drop Like a Rock if if it were the first
time I would definitely be more alarmed
about it even though I should be you
know a 10 and a 10 alarmed you get used
to anything but the young people are not
used to this like are you telling me I
can't afford any I can't afford to buy a
house and you just made it 20%
worse like just in this brief presidency
you made it 20% harder to get a house
that I already couldn't afford that
could move some votes
sure and then the obvious which is the
uh Gaza situation young people seem to
me more Pro Palestinian than pro-israel
that might be the Tik Tock effect but I
don't think that's not nay Silver's
opinion that's my opinion the Tik Tock
part um but the overall thing that nay
Sila warns and I love this not only
because it comes from someone credible
but I hadn't really thought of it this
way and he says that when the polls are
telling you
something if if your first reaction is
the polling is wrong you're you're
betting wrong he he says that in the
long run the polls do hold you far more
likely than there being some weird
anomaly so the odds of it being a weird
anomaly that wouldn't uh wouldn't
present itself at the election U itself
probably low and that somebody very
credible says yeah this shift in
sentiment is almost certainly real isn't
that interesting
because even yesterday I wasn't sure it
was real but I'm actually convinced Nate
silver knows what he's talking about
he's in he's in exactly his domain and
he seems at the moment not to have a
boss that he needs to please so these
are really credible opinions he's he's a
follow you should you should follow him
for
sure all right North
Korea um well South Korea is is going to
suspend their military pack that they
had since 2018 during the Trump years uh
because North Korea defied warnings from
the US and his allies and successfully
launched what it calls its first spy
satellite you know
what I think we're handling that
wrong I'm just going to put out there
that if Trump had been president and
this had happened now Trump might have
also told them hey don't do it and maybe
he wouldn't have but suppose he did cuz
I don't think a spy satellite is the
most dangerous thing in the world you
know it would have been a better way to
go to congratulate
him am I
wrong I I think Trump might have
congratulated him for a very difficult
accomplishment given given the resources
that he had and the reason I would I
would do that is because it's actually a
pretty good
accomplishment and what Trump understood
about North Korea
is that it's just one
person it's just Kim Jun if you can make
Kim Jong-un respect
you by showing that you respect some
accomplishment of his which is a real
accomplishment that's a genuine
accomplishment why not just treat it
that way I I would think that your next
negotiation with North Korea would go
down a lot better if you had just said
you know that was pretty impressive
especially given the sanctions which
were not going to take off
you know kind of kind of move them in
the direction of you realize we don't
have any reason to be at war with you
right you get that we have no reason to
be at war with you that was what Trump
got
right all right um Nome is going to be
debating disantis apparently on Fox News
and the account I tell you you should
follow
amuse uh posted this shock F oh and they
decided they wouldn't have a live
audience so it says shock Fox to host
debate between two people who won't be
president in 2024 in front of no one who
will vote in
2024 well it's not exactly true because
it's going to be live televised but
that's a funny post um you know I don't
mind this at all I think Fox News is
playing it right and here's why I think
they're playing it right I agree within
no audience because it's un Fox
News do you think it would be fair to
DeSantis to have a Fox News debate where
you know inevitably it's going to be
filled with Fox News people yeah it
actually wouldn't have been fair to Nome
so if Nome complained about that and Fox
News accommodated him good for both of
you he should have complained about it
and they should have made an adjustment
I don't mind that at all so good news
and and the fact that you you know you
think neither of them would be president
well I don't know I I would say that's
not at all certain not at all certain
certainly in the case of uh Newsome it's
not at all certain so to me this is a
good service uh it's probably I don't
know if it'll be a good ratings winner
but I'll probably watch it I'm I'm
actually interested in what both of them
say and I do think it might be a you
know preview of 2028 Etc yeah this is a
good
service
um apparently even Morning Joe has
finally capitulated on Ukraine and uh
thinks it's
unwinable and at least one of their
guests does and they seem to agree and
so they've moved all the way from what
they said would be appeasement to Putin
to uh we better wrap this thing
up anybody see that
coming all of us I think I think all of
us saw it coming yeah
uh I don't see any possibility that
there's going to be some big war
breakthrough but I think all the smart
people and the best analysis I saw was
this I forget who said it I wish I could
credit them but uh at this phase of the
war where they're both kind of um hiding
in trenches and making small advances
and then getting their asses kicked that
artillery is the primary weapon of this
phase of the war and that artillery is
the def mining weapon and that um Russia
has something like 5 to 10 times more
artillery now I think the ukrainians
might have some more accurate artillery
but numbers are probably going to
win secondly Russia has a bigger
population uh several times bigger than
Ukraine especially since so many people
left Ukraine and just fled so Ukraine is
literally just running out of people and
the experts are saying this is one of
those Wars of attrition
where one side is just going to hope
they die less than the other and just
keep on going until somebody has a win
so this would be an interesting time to
negotiate but Ukraine probably has a
weak negotiating position yeah I think
David Sachs has been right on this from
the start he's been as right as you can
be on Ukraine I think I don't think he
got anything wrong yeah yeah so and uh
my prediction as well was that of course
it's a stalemate of course there's going
to be oh was it John mimer is that who
we're crediting with that opinion I feel
like you're right thank you David John
Mir shimer I think is the opinion I was
stealing
there there's a uh terrorist Alert in
New York state you know there's more
terrorist chatter I guess we'll wait to
see I still wonder why the terrorism in
the United States went effectively to
zero you know not counting a mass
shooter there here and there
but
um yeah so we'll we'll watch all that
stuff all
right um dealing with foreign maners New
York C we've talked about Eric Adams
defunding valuable services in New York
City in order to uh afford all of the uh
the immigrants saw some stories today of
uh of black uh citizens of New York I
think or someplace they were complaining
that all the free food was being given
to the immigrants and there wasn't
enough free food
left
and um they're right they're completely
right you know there there are plenty of
people black Americans as well as others
who need a little help and there's not
enough help to go around so if I were an
American and I were in that situation I
would be pretty mad at whoever let in
all the other people to eat my
food I wouldn't like it at
all yeah I saw the on Fox report there's
some I saw some weird story about Air
Marshals are assigned to follow January
6 people and not just people who were at
the protest but anybody who had an
airline ticket to DC on the day of
January 6 they are Forever on basically
a terror watch list imagine being on the
terror watch list because you went to DC
on business but also there was a protest
happening and that's it and then you get
followed by air Marshalls for the rest
of your
life yeah yep it's a real thing I mean
it's a real Rapport I don't know if it's
real it didn't sound real to me there's
something about that that just didn't
didn't sit like a real thing maybe it's
real there's something something missing
in it though I don't know I felt like
something about that I have not yet
watched the documentary the fall of
Minneapolis but I do plan to so I hear
it's interesting it's about the George
Floyd
hoax we could call it that now right can
we call the George Floyd thing just the
the George Floyd
hoax I I think we're at that point where
it's fair to say that and that's not
hyperb but of course Derek shauvin will
stay in jail because he's a white guy
and uh we don't have a depart a justice
system that's uh um
Fair all right
um oh yeah so Trump's uh nickname for
disantis dis
sanctimonious I saw a comment that said
that it's getting stronger I don't know
know that it's getting stronger or we're
just getting used to it because santimon
is never never quite connected for me
but you know he's the nickname Giver
Trump is so if it's sticky it's sticky
hey it's stuck it's stuck all right uh
all of you uh YouTubers thanks for
joining uh I would like to use my powers
of psychic abilities that was almost a
sentence I'm going to use my psychic
abilities to predict how many total
viewers there will be not the live
viewers but how many total viewers on
YouTube there will
be
29,000 for this episode 29,000 L live is
different but the eventual
29,000 just like every other one no
matter how many of you hit the Subscribe
button but by the way if you like any
part of these live streams you should
hit the subs subscribe button and the
the alert because then you'll then
you'll get to watch it all right that's
all for now and I will go uh do some
other stuff and I'll talk to you
tomorrow YouTubers thanks for
joining