good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
both of those things will be present
today the coffee and the Scott Adams and
if you'd like this experience to be even
better than you imagine and I can
imagine you're imagining it to be pretty
good all you need is a cuper m glass a
tanker Chels Des sign a canteen J or
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine H the day the
thing that makes everything better it's
called the simultaneous Sip and it
happens
now all right Erica is in the house so
we can
start I feel sorry for you on YouTube CU
you don't know who Eric is but someday
you will
well I hear Alex Jones is returning to
uh the
xplatform uh is he active yet or he just
is he just
approved I don't want to jump the gun I
haven't seen him he's active somebody
says all right well um as you know Elon
mus did a Twitter
poll and asked the people what they
think 70% said yes put him back
on and roughly a quarter
said
no h the consistent
25% oh
my oh my all right would you like to
hear a bunch of good news
today uh today's theme will be
everything's going my
way not everything is where I want it to
be but everything's going my way number
one Alex Jones is back on the
platform it's going my way Free Speech
you know doesn't mean I have to agree
with Alex Jones on anything or
everything but free speech there he is
so free speech is getting a little boost
except in colleges but that's another
story uh Wall Street Journal reports
that Ohio is building all these Mega
factories I guess the government's
incentives to move business out of China
and back into the US is work working in
the sense that the factories are being
built uh mostly in semiconductor and EV
electronic vehicle stuff but Ohio's Ohio
is building the
factories which is interesting that Ohio
ends up being sort of a manufacturing
center um but they can't get enough
workers you know you know this is going
to be the big problem for the next I
don't know 30 years not enough
workers who not enough workers who are
sober and willing to work that's the
problem so how are you going to solve
not enough
workers immigration immigration anybody
yeah not open immigration where
everybody pours across the border but
almost certainly almost certainly we're
going have to boost
immigration from any place where they've
got well-educated working
people probably a lot of uh yeah
probably a lot of Indian immigration Etc
so that's that's good there are not too
many things that make me happier than
seeing us secure our supply chain and
get it out of
China well
uh Trump is calling out
hoaxes I love the fact that Trump has
adopted the word hoax for the various
you know plays that have been played
against them the various Ops CU I think
that's the most operative word and it's
the most accurate it's not perfectly
accurate but it's the most accurate and
it's the word that is BAS uses now do
you know who's the let's say The
Godfather of that
word because that didn't used to be a
word that was applied to politics right
no it's not me not me I I adopted it
quickly but it's it's a cich yeah so so
you always people always ask me you know
how much influence does cernovich have
you have no
idea you have no idea but I'm pretty
sure that making the word hoax a an
adopted normal word in politics I think
that's all him I'm just one of the
people who was influenced by it early
because because I could tell it was the
right
word well Trump's using the word and uh
and he calls uh the acts against some
desperate and Shameless attempts to
distract from the Monstrous abuses of
power of the leftist committing before
your eyes and he says Trump says the
radical left Democrats their fake news
allies have unveiled their newest hoax
that Donald J and the Republican Party
are a threat to
democracy this is their new line here we
go again Russia Russia Russia Mueller
Mueller Mueller Ukraine Ukraine Ukraine
one hoax after another Trump
said now we're getting
fun now I've been telling
you that Trump needs to move directly
against the hoaxes he needs to frame the
attacks against them as hoaxes and make
them discuss whether or not they're
hoaxes so the the wind would be to make
the left engage with the
word you see it coming
because the left is going to have to
write articles about how they're not
hoaxes if he keeps using the word they
have to write something that says no no
all all these things he's saying are not
hoaxes they are real because Phil bump
said so CNN and msbc said so so it must
be real no they're not real they're all
hoaxes and the more the more uh Trump
pushes that button hoax hoax hoax hoax
it's totally backed up I mean he has all
the backup for that in the world uh the
better we are now I would still like to
see him go a little further into mocking
it but first you have to frame it right
so that the framing is happening and
it's happening hard right Trump is
killing it by the way he's not just
doing well in the polls his actual
performance is really really good he's
not saying stuff that eliminates him
he's saying stuff that his Bas wants to
hear he's
dominating everything so I mean he's
just having a real good season I
think so that's good more more hoax
stuff speaking of hoaxes I was watching
uh Jack bobic talking to Liz
Collins uh she she of the new
documentary movie the fall of
Minneapolis and really I think the key
to understanding that hoax is the
coroner's
report and here's the part I didn't
either I didn't remember or I didn't
know but I was reminded of it that the
the coroner's report on George Floyd was
done in 12
hours and in 12 hours he determined that
basically there was no murder there was
no affixation no marks in the neck uh
I'd forgotten maybe I didn't know this
but I knew that Floyd had some heart
issues
I didn't know that they had 75%
blockage he 75% heart
blockage I also knew that he had a fatal
dose of fentanyl in him I didn't know it
was three times the Fatal dose now to be
clear if you're a real big guy who's
used to it you know it would take a
bigger dose to kill you and he's a real
big guy who was probably used to it but
three
times how in the world does somebody get
convicted of killing somebody who has
triple the lethal dose there's no legal
way that happens the only way that
happens is illegally and that's you know
I would consider the process that put
Derek Chauvin in jail as an illegal
process because it did not adhere close
enough to our standards of Justice to be
called anything legal you know I don't
know if any crime was committed it looks
like it I mean based on the reporting it
looks like the FBI committed to crime by
forcing law enforcement to change to
change an analysis without any backing
for
that shouldn't that be a
crime I don't know what crime it would
be but how could it not be a
crime forcing local law enforcement to
change the scientific recommendation of
the coroner without any extra
information just being hammered on until
he changes it how how is that not
illegal at the very least yeah tampering
with evidence I guess maybe generally
speaking all right well yeah so I added
uh you know I I keep a hoax list I call
the hoax quiz so I updated it with uh
the George Floyd hoax so now we have the
George Floyd hoax I'm thinking of
narrowing down the hoax quiz though
because right now I I was going for
volume but if if you go for volume you
know like a lot of lot of hoaxes you end
up with just too many you know you sort
of just you get snow blind looking at it
I think I might cut it down to something
like the six key
hoaxes now three is not enough three is
not enough but it might be the top five
maybe the top five because I think you
can make an article that would describe
everything you're seeing with the top
five hoaxes
what do you think if I were to write a
large article and say the top five
hoaxes that defined
2024 no 10's too many you you can't
write an article with a top 10 anything
unless unless the 10 are just quick hits
but if you need to do a paragraph on
each one it's five is a lot 10 is way
too
much so I think maybe this would could
be could be could be good
branding top five hoaxes that Define
2024 Ju Just just think of that as a
title to an article that's a powerful
title the top five hoaxes that Define
2024 when you hear the title don't you
say to yourself oh my God that would be
powerful like without even seeing the
article you could feel the power in that
title because I could back that up it'd
be really easy to back it up
all
right speaking of things we don't trust
uh Michael shellenberger who's been an
absolute
superstar in 2023 and before has anybody
had a better year than Michael
shellenberger you know in terms of
adding to the you know the body of
knowledge the citizens should have but
we didn't have my God yeah he he's
bordering
on like Nobel Prize
territory I don't think there is one for
what he does but he he's bordering on
like National Treasure like he's sort of
he's sort of going Beyond just talking
about the news it's a whole different
category at this point but here's
something uh a observation he's making
and I'll tell you in advance I'm not
100% percent sure I'm going to buy into
this one but it's really
interesting right so here here's his
observation he's writing about it today
it's on X uh that there's signs of
military discipline behind what he calls
the counterop populist messaging now I
think he's being you know maybe uh maybe
a little bit politically correct or
trying to be balanced when he calls it
counterop poist messaging what would you
call counterop populist
messaging I would call it
anti-republican messaging right are
there any Democrat
populists I I feel like populists is
just you know the the word they use for
Republicans who like Trump anyway um but
that aside I you know I would agree with
him using counter populist as
a maybe a more objective way to say it I
guess but here's his observation that
over the last seven years uh
establishment voices
I think that's mostly Democrats uh but
not
necessarily uh have focused on framing
their enemies as four different
categories foreign crazy dangerous and
undemocratic now here's why that's
important as he points out he's been
involved in many activist things for
most of his adult life and one of the
things you notice about genuine
Grassroots activism is that their
messaging is all over the place would
you agree the the real Grassroots stuff
everybody's taking their own shot it's
like oh I'm going to take this shot I'm
going to take this shot so you get this
sort of
randomized you know group of complaints
but apparently the US Military and NATO
so this is the
observation um are would would be more
disciplined and making sure that their
uh messaging fit one of the four boxes
because apparently there's there must be
some military thinking that those are
the the strongest boxes for attacking a
message now um I'm not totally buying
into this but I but I love I love the
thinking and I love the exploration of
this because I'm definitely not ruling
it out I'm just I'm just saying I'll
need a little bit more to be fully
bought into it but so my first question
is what what would you be saying if you
were not saying foreign crazy dangerous
or
undemocratic to me that seems to cover
everything what what would be an example
of an anti-populist message that wasn't
one of these that anybody had have that
saying it comes from a foreign Source
right they're always saying it's coming
from Russia uh somebody's crazy this is
just the basic things we say about
everybody
dangerous right and undemocratic
meaning dictator so those are exactly
the things that they say about Trump
over and over
again give me give me your um your gut
feeling do you think that this
suggests military Precision in
messaging as in the same kind of weapons
we would use to influence a foreign
adversary or are they just the obvious
things everybody says let me give you
the
counterargument just so you've heard it
all right so I'm not going to say the
counterargument is the correct one but
just so you've heard it isn't it true
that no matter what Republican is
running they're always called Hitler
would you agree all Republicans are
called Hitler right so that would be the
dangerous and undemocratic and crazy
part that covers all three categories
crazy dangerous undemocratic so here's
where I have the
question if it's just a reflex that all
Democrats call all Republicans Hitler
isn't it always going to look like crazy
dangerous and
undemocratic Hitler crazy dangerous
undemocratic I know and then the foreign
part that does seem a little bit new I
don't remember for most of my life the
Republicans were being called Russian
puppets is that when did that start
start was that always true or was that
more of a trump modern thing 2016
right
yeah so the the one of the four that
seems new is that Trump is continually
being accused of Russian stuff and I
just thought that was
Hillary
so my take on the foreign stuff is that
it was a
twofer that Hillary Clinton and some
some number of Democrats were
anti-russia but they were also
anti-trump so isn't that where that
comes from it was just a twofer it was
sort of an obvious play Hillary tried to
take down Putin forever she was trying
to take down Trump so she just says
they're they're best
friends I don't know about military
Precision in
this what do you think now I also I only
read the you know the introduction to
the idea I haven't read the substack yet
which I will I
subscribe but are you do you think this
looks like military
Precision or is it just the obvious
thing that anybody would do for a
republican I get I guess some yeses some
NOS right so so given that you're you
know when you hear the argument you're
you're undecided as a group you there's
some yeses and NOS is this a fair topic
for Michael shellenberger to
explore do you think there's enough meat
there that this is worth taking a bite
out of it I say yes and the reason I say
yes is it would be really important to
know if any of the messaging is
centralized if there's any central
control I don't see it yet but I don't
see it not happening either you know
what I mean like I don't see the
counterargument at all so the messaging
well let me say this the messaging is
clearly
coordinated but that's sort of normal
Democrat stuff right the Democrats do a
really good job making sure that
everybody says the same thing at the
same time they're really good at that
but I don't know that that
necessarily suggests you know a
military uh involvement now that said
there are plenty of ex-military people
involved in politics who presumably
would bring all the skill that they have
to every question why would they leave
any skills behind so if they had ever
learned to focus on these four things
because there's some science to it then
you'd expect it would seep into the the
political uh
realm there's one of the Architects you
say all right yeah
so uh i' definitely like to uh figure
out where it's it's coming from and this
would be a good place to look all right
um Biden's job approval there a new poll
I think it was Wall Street Journal or
something no CNN had a poll um released
Wednesday shows Biden's job approval at
37% new low with 63% disapproving
two-thirds of the country
disapproving now obviously that going to
include a lot of uh Democrats so blacks
are have 4 7% in other words fewer than
half of black Americans support the
Democrat candidate for president has
that ever happened before is there any
precedent where fewer than half of black
Americans
supported the
Democrat what was uh what was Bill
Clinton's black support number it wasn't
anywhere near what Trump is looking at I
don't believe any of the numbers yet
it's too early but uh here's what I
think if it's true that there's all this
military discipline in their messaging
by the
Democrats if it's true that these polls
are accurate in the whole country
clearly doesn't want Biden which would
make it impossible for him to win an
election something really illegal might
be
Brewing you know what I
mean because I think there's there's got
to be a sense of desperation there's
also some
reporting that the Democrats are
literally feeling desperate because they
don't see any way out of it
now are they going to just let it
go do the Democrats see you know given
how many hoaxes the Democrats have
perpetrated and most of them are illegal
I mean the George Floyd thing looks like
a crime and the the uh Christopher steel
dossier and Russia collusion to me that
looks
criminal that looks like a crime to me
you know the the 50 years so Intel
people who signed the letter saying oh
that Hunter's laptop looks like uh
Russian disinformation now that might
not be illegal but it sure looks illegal
to me I mean not being a lawyer I look
at that and say how the hell is that not
illegal if you if you knew you were
doing it IL you know if you knew it was
a lie how's that how's that legal yeah
shouldn't that be some kind of Rico
 or something I don't know but
um I would say every sign is
blinking every sign is just blinking
there's a huge crime coming because that
short of the large
crime the Democrats are going to lose
power do you
agree short of a major crime they're
going to lose power now here's the
problem what happens if the if the
election looks like Biden won and all
the polls say he
didn't worst case
scenario worst case
scenario yeah I'm not even sure the
Democrats would believe he won would
they do you think the do you think even
the Democrats would say you
know why don't you just hold on a
minute yeah cuz I feel that there are
still
enough um patriotic
Democrats that if if the result was so
different that the polling you know on
Election Day I feel like there would be
enough Democrats to say all right that's
too far what whatever happen here we're
going to have to stop and look at this
maybe I mean it's a lot to ask right
maybe it if if it's too far over the
pale then I think you'd get some
Democrats to say all right I'm out I
can't support this I think so not many
but if you got a dozen or so that would
change
everything you think a trump conviction
will be the excuse for a Dem win we'll
see all right
um Bill Amman I guess he got his first
uh he bagged his first college President
so as you know hedge fund investor
Superstar bill akman has been going hard
about the uh the big three College
presidents who were not uh supportive
enough of the uh Jewish students on
their campus according to many people so
I guess uh the University of Penn
president uh did resign and it was too
much pressure from um it looked like
donors looked like it was donor
pressure and now so Bill Lan gets one
out of three and now he's after claudian
gay the president of Harvard he's going
even harder apparently there are some
allegations uh about her that go beyond
the newest dust up about free speech and
uh homas and all that uh she is accused
of some uh pretty bad
things uh it's it's such a political
situation um um I'm hesitant to mention
the specifics but it's
academic stuff right and the reason I
don't want to get into it is because
this is the sort of story that two days
later you find out might be
exaggerated right
accusations accusations are not quite
good enough right so if you've only
heard one side of the story which is the
it's all I've heard I've heard the
accusations if you haven't heard her
side of it it's not fair it would would
definitely not be fair to assume any
that's true it could be true but
remember she's an
individual let's not lose sight of this
she's an American citizen in the United
States so whatever else she did that you
don't like she's absolutely innocent
until proving guilty of this and
everything else right and I don't see
proof maybe there would be but yeah I
think you you got to be careful about
going too hard now I'd like to call out
Glenn Greenwald again for
being the strongest voice for saying
that we're going too far in Banning
speech you know there's that fine line
between what is harassment and what is
Free Speech but as greenw World points
out calling for the destruction or
genocide of a foreign
country is the most ordinary thing that
college students
do right and as he points out if they
had said bomb Iran back to the Stone Age
nobody would have
blinked do you agree if college students
said you know Ran's being bad bomb them
back to the Stone Age nobody would even
blank so it's not about let's let's stop
kidding ourselves it's not because
people said things about genocide cuz we
say it routinely it's just normal
American speech unfortunately it's
normal American speech so why is this
being called out specifically well the
obvious reason is October 7th October
7th shocks you out of your
principles you know what I mean you you
can have a lot of principles but there's
some amount of October 7th video footage
that will just make you abandon them
right away and you'll just turn
Savage so one of the reasons I don't
want watch the video besides I don't
want PTSD for the rest of my life the
videos of the actual uh killings on
October 7th is that I don't want to be I
don't want to lose my principles by
having my emotional reaction overwhelm
them and it definitely would like I know
myself I know if I looked at that stuff
I would want to murder everybody in
Gaza the innocent people the guilty
people like I would lose my entire moral
bearings because it's so far
beyond you know even imagination
really so you know I'm fighting to
retain some level of objectivity but boy
is it hard especially since I've told
you publicly and privately it's the same
that I'm backing Israel 100% on the
Hamas stuff anything that happened
before October 7th I want to make a real
clear distinction I do not back Israel
on can can I make that clear everything
that happened before October
7th they're on their own I'm not I'm not
agreeing with them or disagreeing I'm
just saying you're on your own you are
 on your
own I I'm not going to put one iota of
my
credibility on anything that happened
before October 7th but I'm not going to
complain about October 7th because it's
exactly what any country would have done
in that situation they they would have
gone massively hard against the enemy
they would not care too much about the
civilian deaths honestly so I just don't
want to be hypocritical about it but I'm
not I'm not buying into anything I'm not
buying into everything Israel's ever
done like I'm not doing that like I I'm
going to retain a little bit of moral
you know a little more little bit of
moral cleanliness I
guess whatever I can justify
all right
um so but to be
clear even
clearer a lot of the stuff that was
happening on the colleges was bullying
and and threats of violence and that's
not what we're talking about right we're
not talking about just talking if it if
we were only
talking probably wouldn't be having the
same conversation about getting rid of
all the college presidents but it's the
fact that the talking had turned into
action and you know following people
into rooms and say saying direct threats
against individuals that's just bullying
so I think we all agree that the
actions are not
protected the speeches but not the
actions all right um I saw end wokeness
one of my favorite accounts on uh the
xplatform CU it the end woke wokeness
account finds all these little
counterfactuals to the big narratives
but apparently in 2023 so far there were
44 school
shootings and here's the breakdown from
at least somebody's statistical analysis
that of the 44 school shootings 35 of
them were black School shooters four
Hispanic four white and one
Asian
now is that telling you
something when you see that that 35 of
the 44 school shootings were black
School shooters in 2023 does that tell
you something
useful no no because you would have to
know a lot more about the
schools right you'd have to know a lot
more for example if the if all of the
school shootings happen in super poor
schools
that's sort of the real story isn't
it if if the shootings were like in Rich
schools and poor schools and there was
just no difference well then maybe maybe
you dig a little deeper and see what
else is happening but to me that just
looks like the ratio of shitty
schools uh don't you
think the don't you think the 35
shittiest schools in the United States
are probably dominant black schools and
poor neighborhoods and in cities
probably where where would you expect
the most shootings in the shittiest
poorest Urban
schools right so this is this is one
where you really really need to untangle
the economics from the story and without
doing that I'm going to take a pass on
saying this means anything it could mean
something I'm not saying it doesn't mean
anything I'm saying this information by
itself
beware all right it doesn't doesn't
support the idea of white supremacy
being behind shootings but uh we need to
know
more all right the New York city mayor
Eric Adams went to get help from the
federal government because of all the
migrants and now what they call the
migrant crisis in New York City and the
federal government said uh no we're
giving you nothing so he came back
empty-handed and he's saying okay we're
totally screwed and we're on our
own that that's what a prominent
Democrat is saying about his own
party we're totally screwed by our own
party and there's nothing we can do
about it we're going to have to figure
it
out just imagine
that now remember my theme everything's
going my
way well I don't want there to be a
migrant crisis in New York City that's
not going my way but it's definitely the
darkest before the dawn situ situation
the the New York City essentially
guarantees a Republican
president and whether or not you like
Republican presidents I don't think you
can doubt that they're going to be
tougher On the Border the migrant crisis
will probably end on day one with the
Republican president so the worse this
gets in
2024 the better it's likely to be
resolved so what you should expect is
that 2024 will be
much much
worse because it's the only way to get
to a better situation if it were only a
little bit bad it would just last
forever it it's got to get to the point
where it's UNT it's intolerable by every
single person who votes and we're almost
there so that's bad news that maybe is
uh got some good news hidden in it but
it's really hidden under all the migrant
crisis
stuff um
and I guess New York City according to
Bill maluan Fox News when he talks to
people at the border they're pretty much
all set to go to New York City because
they think that's their best
bet I don't know if they know about
winter has anybody told them about
winter if you don't figure out winter
you don't want to go to New York City I
feel like somebody should tell them
about winter and then there would be a
lot fewer but of course uh you know
Texas and Florida shipping people
there uh Democrat Governor Katie Hobs of
Arizona and the important part of the
story is
Democrat Democrat Governor here's what a
Democrat Governor just did in
Arizona um she accused the Biden
administration of creating an
unmitigated humanitarian crisis that
puts Arizona's safety and commerce at
risk Democrat Governor Democrat
Governor
um and she says uh she wants the federal
government to pay her half a billion
dollars because that's what Arizona
spent trying to clean up the Federal
government's immigration
disaster Democrat
Governor Democrat
Governor yeah could it be any clearer
that the Biden Administration is not
working for the interests of the United
States is there any doubt about that
yeah you how many how many Democrat
leaders can you even name but two of the
most prominent ones Eric Adams and Katie
Hobbs who've been in the news for other
reasons are they're just saying directly
the Biden Administration is destroying
our
state that that's about as clear as you
can get yeah the the Biden
Administration is destroying the state
but here's what's interesting in a
terrible
way it's really easy to know what the
problem is it's really easy to know it's
getting
worse and here's the weird part it's
really easy to
fix real easy to
fix they just don't do it what what can
you assume about immigration by the fact
that even the the local Democrats are
saying you know hey
you know we give up we can't do this
what what you have to assume corruption
can can we just be honest there's no
other
reason there is no other
reason right and let me say
again where the president of Harvard is
a
individual and a citizen of the United
States absolutely innocent until proven
guilty no no no wiggle room
there the government the federal
government who can't explain why they
won't even make their own governor and
their own major mayor happy that has to
be
corruption it has to be because there's
no there's no alternative reason given
if they' given us a reason it's like oh
this is good for the country I know it's
tough for your state you know we'll try
to work with you something like that
then I would say oh that's a policy that
maybe I don't agree with but it's fully
transparent and at least we're having
the right debate about it that's not
happening there's no debate there's no
debate at all do you know what the f the
the Biden Administration says the
borders fine I don't even know what
you're talking about they're actually
gaslighting us but they're gaslighting
their own party at the same time and
their own party knows it too like
they're making the states
fail while they Gaslight them
all right so that's
amazing um you know McCarthy who had
been the
uh uh speaker of the house he quit and
now he's quitting the Senate himself and
he in an interview recently he said he
was quite proud of discriminating
against uh white men in the Republican
party and in the uh in his work to
making sure that there were good
candidates coming up in the party he
said that he was supporting the ones who
were not white men so that he could get
the party to look more like the United
States he said he was jealous of the
Democrats because when they stand up
they look like the
country which they do and when uh
Republicans stand up they look like
basically some white country club now he
said that I'm paraphrasing but he he
said like a country
club and so he was proud of his success
and getting some non-white men uh into
leadership so how how do that hit
you so so they had the you one of the
most important people in the Republican
party was out there actively
discriminated against people who look
like
me
right now on one hand I absolutely
support making the Republican Party look
like the rest of the country that'd be
great right I'm I'm happy that uh you
know there's more black support and the
Republican party for Trump that's all
good but how hard do you have to work to
make sure that white people don't
succeed that's not exactly the most
Republican thing I've ever heard
you maybe maybe there was another way to
do it I don't this doesn't go down well
doesn't go down well so Matt Gates is a
hero because McCarthy was maybe not who
you thought he was um I can't support
direct discrimination against
Americans I don't care if he's a
republican that so good riddens all
right um apparently uh ESG funds are
including a lot of military
companies so I guess the ESG people you
know trying to do what's right and save
the country and save the world and you
know save us from climate change and
discrimination and basically make sure
people are doing the right thing they
don't seem to have a problem investing
in military industrial
complex and even Elon Musk said in a
post delete ESG prone to
corruption well prone to more than
corruption my
god um there's a Netflix series maybe
you saw it about the uh Purdue
Pharmaceuticals and their their oxy
conton and how the government finally
prosecuted them for their bad behavior
well in the Netflix series the lead
investigator who is in a way sort of the
hero of the story is played by a black
woman in the real world it was a white
woman now it's one thing if a if a
fictional Disney story wants to have
shows that represent you know their
public seems like a good
Instinct but I think it's going a little
too far when there's an actual white
American hero that they had had to turn
black so that the audience would accept
it better that's not cool that's not
cool at all yeah oh yeah it's one thing
to want you know to want your content to
represent the customers it's another to
change
history too far yeah that's too
far it's not the biggest problem in the
world but it's a symbol too far well
also from end woke
as I said my one of my favorite current
accounts on X um there's a Target store
in uh the
Bronx in which uh they don't allow teens
anymore you and they can't enter without
an adult so you got to show your ID to
show you're an adult uh and you can
bring a teen with you but they can't
come
themselves uh the items are behind glass
and it's the self checkout is closed and
they and they're checking seeds now how
do you love the fact that who they're
blocking is
teens let let me ask you this do you
think target has a Dei
group how would you like to be in the
room when the Dei team at Target finds
out that the Bron store is uh forbidding
teens do you think the de group is like
yeah that's that's cool because we're
not about you know young people you know
young people are excluded from lots of
places no problem do you think that the
teens that they're talking
about might often be black in the
Bronx do you think that this is Target's
way of racial
discrimination while they have they have
a Dei group within their company I'm
sure right does anybody doubt that we we
don't doubt that that they have a Dei
group what is the Dei group doing about
this do you think the Dei group just
raised their hands and said no you can't
do that that that's just another way to
discriminate against black teenagers
because it is let's be honest they are
discriminating against black teenagers
they're just calling it teens so they
can get away with it how does that work
see I always assume that Dei would end
up eating his
self it just wasn't really a sustainable
idea it couldn't last this is a pretty
good
example well meanwhile in Trump legal
news uh Trump on his side got some I
guess in court he got a uh famous
Florida real estate agent Lawrence
moans and this this is funny remember
that the the whole problem uh at least
in one of these cases the problem is
that uh Trump said Mar Lago was worth I
know tons of money but the court said
now it's only worth $18
million and everybody laughed because
you don't have to be a real estate
expert to know it's worth more than $18
million it's kind of obvious but here's
what an actual expert said an actual
Florida real estate agent he testified
the project that the property could be
worth up to a billion
dollars it's between 34 of a billion and
a billion dollars
now I'm not sure it is because there are
some restrictions on what you can do do
with it so the restrictions
matter not that they couldn't ever be
changed but they are on there and
apparently it's agent he compared the
resort to the Taj
Mahal okay this is where I started to
suspect there was something up with this
witness he compared it to the Taj Mahal
and suggested that Trump's valuation of
the proper was property was appropriate
and conservative
it wasn't just appropriate probably
conservative and moans uh oh he's the
one who actually sold Mar logo to Trump
15 years ago okay so he's the actual
agent for the
property um and he said there are
numerous potential buyers for such a
prestigious property ranging from Tech
billionaires such as Elon Musk to Bill
gaze to quote Kings and Emperors and
heads of
state now here's the question when you
hear the testimony of this uh real
estate agent who does it remind you
of does it remind you of
anybody and not Trump I know it reminds
you of trump so I will I will stipulate
it does remind you of trump but somebody
else somebody else somebody else in
Trump's orbit not me no not a pundit not
a pundit so I'm not talking about a
pundit somebody in Trump's uh in his
environment his doctor his
doctor this real estate agent just
sounds like his doctor uh changed his
name and and testified about real estate
do you remember his doctor said that
Trump is the healthiest human who ever
walked the planet and probably would
live to a thousand okay I'm exaggerating
but it was something like
that the it is so funny
that Trump got this guy to say it's
worth a billion dollars and it's
probably you know Trump under you know
underestimated
it let me let me say it again this is
the real estate agent Who Sold Trump Mar
Lago have you ever met a real estate
agent anybody know a real estate
agent if youve ever even once just even
once if you're a real estate agent and
you ever sold a multi-million dollar
property to a billionaire what would be
the way you would deal with that
billionaire in the
future you would say anything that
billionaire wanted you to say you know
why you might buy something
else you might buy something else and he
might have friends you might have a
friend you might ask him for a
recommendation if Trump's
friend asks him for a recommendation how
rich is that friend going to be he's
going to be another
billionaire uh what what do real estate
agents do to make money it's all word of
mouth it's all word of
mouth
so on one hand I largely agree with the
agent you know that that the actual
value is you know some multiple of what
the core said so that part that part's
true but the the level of hyperbole he
brought to
it is just enjoyable as entertainment
let's just say I think directionally
what he said was accurate and and it was
a contribution to the case a
contribution to Justice I have no
problem no problem with the general the
general thrust of his uh testimony but
but the fact that he went full Trump he
went full Trump hyperbole was just
wonderful I I would like to see all of
Trump's advisers give testimony to see
if they all do this like his accountant
and yeah Pro I'd love to see his Barber
wouldn't you love to hear something from
whoever does his
hair not only is his hair real it is the
finest hair I have ever
cut sometimes I will forget to cut a
straight of hair I swear to God it will
cut itself he has hair that is almost
magical in his qualities is growing
thicker usually when people age their
hair gets thinner not his his is growing
thicker over time his hair is getting
better and the color is
Sublime that's his
Barber so just in case he's ever has to
testify it's pure silk his hair is pure
silk uh we think it's wo
gold you thought it was orange but it's
actually strands of gold growing
directly from his
skin that's
right all right Sam mman posted
something I disagree with but maybe he
has a different definition of things he
said uh as you know Sam mman head of the
chat GPT AI situation he said a good
sign for the resilience and adaptability
of people in the face of technological
will change he says the touring test
went whooing by and everyone mostly went
about their
lives meaning that AI is passed the
touring test if you don't know what that
is it's a test where you put the AI on
one side of a curtain you put a human on
the other you have them have a
conversation and then you ask the human
were you talking to a human on the other
side of the curtain was that an AI if
the human can't tell and thinks it was a
human on the other side of the curtain
not an AI then it passes the touring
test touring being a a human being who
came up with this
idea now uh and musk agreed um he
basically said it just wished by fast
now here's what I
think do you believe that the touring
test could beat Sam mman do you believe
that if you put Sam mman on the other
side of a curtain that he would ever
even once be uncertain about whether he
was talking to a human or a machine even
once no no he he would he would know
what questions they ask in a heartbeat
how about Elon
Musk because he he said it also pass the
touring test now let me say first of all
I think there's more than one definition
of the touring test so that there might
be a lower bar definition that maybe it
did pass but the larger question of
could you put me personally or any of
the people I mentioned could you put me
on the other side of a curtain and I
couldn't tell it was Ai No not even
close in my opinion it's nowhere near
the touring test does anybody
disagree if you've used it it's not even
close to human responses you you would
know it wasn't a human than the first
response I don't think there's a single
thing AI has ever said to me that I
couldn't identify as obviously not
human so I I guess I have a question uh
maybe I need to learn more about the
touring test because here's a good tip
for
you this is a good tip for life if
you've got a strong
opinion but the people on the other side
of it are Sam mman and Elon
Musk you should ask yourself what the
 is wrong with your opinion am I
right if you said to yourself I have a
different opinion than Elon Musk and
said mman therefore I'm probably right
okay there's something wrong with you
there's something wrong with your brain
if you're thinking that way so here I am
I absolutely think the touring test is
nowhere near being
passed but I'm looking at Sam Alman who
knows a lot more than I do about
everything but AI in particular and Elon
Musk who knows a lot more than I do
about again everything but especially AI
why are they on the other side for me
so the only thing I could think of and I
saw some hint of this is that the
touring test has a more technical a more
technical description that maybe AI has
already passed but in the real world not
even close to fooling a human not even
close all right but maybe so we're going
to go from the touring test to wait for
it I'm so proud of this the turly
test yeah the Jonathan tly test the
turly test he's a attorney a writer
great writer you should follow him for
sure and uh so he's a Democrat and a
writer and if he says that a
Democrat um is in trouble
legally probably is because turly is not
going to make up some just
because Republicans want to hear it
that's not his deal right he tells you
I'm a Democrat always vote Democrat well
I don't know if always but you know I
vote
Democrat uh but you know these Democrats
broke the law or you know these
Republicans broke the law so he's I find
him a very
clean opinion that just sort of hits the
facts and the hyperbole is generally
missing but here's what he says about
the hunter Biden and the Joe Biden
situation uh as we're preparing for the
Congress to vote on the
impeachment inquiry which again is not
an
impeachment it's an inquiry to see if
there's enough to have an impeachment
but turly says that the uh turly test
which I just named and he probably
doesn't like it at all is uh clearly
showing that uh the case is made already
for impeachment or impeachment inquiry
to be specific the cas is made
plenty to at least get to the inquiry
stage all right here are some evidences
that he
gives um first of all did you know that
courts have held that it doesn't matter
if you as a politician uh personally
receive money from a foreign
country if your family member did did
you know that that's enough to consider
it uh bad behavior and illegal in some
cases yeah so what is the biggest sense
that the Democrats say they say oh yeah
maybe Hunter did some things but you
can't tie that to a crime that shows
that Joe Biden
benefited you don't need to that was
never a
requirement if if the foreign country
makes your daughter rich or your wife
rich or your cousin rich and that
daughter wife cousin didn't do enough to
earn that money that's a
bribe and the court have upheld that
right so you don't get away with saying
oh it was only aad only aad got money
from China right you don't even have to
show that Hunter was paying Joe Biden's
bills which we know he was but you don't
even need to show that you just need to
show that Hunter Biden got the money
that's it and and you've made your case
all right now every case is different
but sort of as a general rule it doesn't
have to go directly to the to the
politician all right uh what
else
um it is now clear says turly that Biden
lied when he maintained as a candidate
and later as a president they had no
knowledge of his son's business dealings
with foreign interest and he says even
Hunter uh himself contradicted the
president so now we have a clear
lie that um is a big one it it affected
the election you know his election but
it continues to affect things and it's a
pretty big deal so that's one
thing uh tly says it's also now clear
that Joe Biden lied in denying that his
son never made money in China yes he did
a lot of money in China but you know
again lying is not illegal right we're
only talking about an impeachment
inquiry we're not talking about going to
jail um it totally says says it's also
clear that Hunter was engaged in raw
influence pedaling and this included
threatening at least one Chinese
businessman that is f that his father
was sitting next to him and would
retaliate if he did not send Millions to
the
bidens so influence pedaling is that
illegal I don't know I guess it depends
how you do it
um but again it's a impeachment inquiry
so it doesn't necessarily have to be
illegal I guess President Biden also
lied when he claimed this week that he
had uh not had any interactions with his
son's business associates but their are
emails audio tapes and testimony now
disproving that claim
so the turly test says that an
impeachment inquiry inquiry just the
inquiry part uh looks Justified what do
you say how many of you
agree that an inquiry is
Justified
and let me ask you this would you feel
the same if Trump had not been uh
impeached on specious grounds would you
feel the same it it's not just revenge
is
it it's not just tip for Tat you'd feel
the same I see some NOS yeah so some
people are being I think some people are
being a little
more um I I don't want to say honest
a little more direct about the fact that
it's Revenge because Revenge has a value
right mutually assured destruction you
know revenge is not mindless Revenge has
a actual social purpose which is maybe
you got away with it for a little while
but somebody's going to get revenge so
you maybe you should have thought not
about about not doing
that all right well we'll keep an eye on
that um you know those pictures of the
uh rri down um alleged Hamas Fighters
and people were saying I'm not sure all
of them are Hamas Fighters they might be
uh civilians who just got you know
scooped up in the sweep well according
to uh I think Israel radio military
radio um 40 out of 100 were
terrorists so if the 100 or so sown in
shown in the picture that 40 or so were
Hamas terrorist
now do you believe
that do you believe that
number why would you why would you
believe anything coming from a military
in the middle of a war do do you believe
the Hamas death
toll do do you believe that Hamas has an
accurate death toll of
civilians why would you believe it why
would you believe
that if I can tell you anything don't
believe anything the combatants
say during the War I mean maybe after
the war you know when a lot of people
have talked about it and you know
nobody's at risk of going to jail
anymore you know years have passed
you've debated it if you whistleblower
Escape for maybe you know maybe someday
you'll know the truth but today do you
know the truth
today
no but let me ask you this do you think
there were no terrorists in the group do
you think there were zero terrorists in
all those 100 uh fighting age men in
Hamas in in Gaza no no of course of
course some of them were
terrorists if you don't know how many
were
terrorists was the treatment of
them uh legitimate you don't know how
many there
are probably legitimate yeah because how
else are you going to find the real ones
you have to control them keep them in
one place search
them it's a process so I don't know that
it was 40 n of
100 you know maybe it was 90 n of 100
maybe it was 10 n of 100 but it's the
same thing so
again I think it was a
mistake by the uh
Israeli folks if if they allowed that
photo to get out and they knew it it was
probably a mistake separately I did see
that polling shows support for Hamas is
growing were you aware of that support
for Hamas outside of Israel and the
United States you know obviously were
anti Hamas but support for Hamas
worldwide is
growing are you
surprised I'm
not I'm not surprised a bit Yeah cuz
it's really easy to say that the that's
destroying a civilian city is the bad
guy it's pretty easy to say that now
it's more complicated than that and I
don't know what I don't know what
options they have uh separately we've
seen
that uh in Gaza the ratio of Civilian
deaths are higher than we've seen in
other military
conflicts does that sound right do you
think the ratio of civilians dying in
Gaza is higher and the ratio of
civilians dying in other Urban
conflicts well I would assume it is I
would assume it's higher because I'm not
aware of any other urban conflict where
the bad guys were using the good guys as
human
Shields how can you really compare a
human shield situation to a non-human
Shield situation it's not exactly apples
and oranges so of course I would expect
to be an
unprecedented High number of Civilian
deaths
because it's unusual to have the bad
guys want their own people to die that's
what's
different
generally let let's say the German Army
there's no part of the German Army who
wanted Dresden to be
firebombed
none zero people in Germany thought that
was a good idea but Hamas actually says
you know the more destruction of the
civilians the more popular we become
it's working out
great separately um we hear that Israel
is trying to focus a lot of their
attention on finding the leader uh I
guess the military leader who's still on
the ground somewhere in a
tunnel now they've interrogated enough
Hamas people
interrogated so that they have an idea
that um the rank and file Hamas Fighters
are not exactly on the same page as
their own leader meaning that the leader
definitely wants everybody to die you
know no
compromise sounds crazy whereas the
actual homas Fighters are saying
something closer to you know we're not
going to win
this maybe we should not die you know so
there does seem to be a split between
the general feeling of the fighters
which is you have no chance you know
maybe you should consider surrendering
and the the leader who wants them all to
die and himself too
maybe
so um Israel is thinking that if they
can take out the leader or a leader or
two that would be far easier to get the
fighters to quit because they wouldn't
be responding to a crazy
guy but that feels a little optimistic
doesn't it I've got a feeling that the
top five Hamas people are all
crazy like are you telling me that oh
yeah the top guy is crazy and number two
is kind of crazy too but by the time you
get to the third through the fifth
they're pretty reasonable guys I don't
think so but I I would do the same again
I would do the same thing Israel's doing
I would certainly try to take out the
leaders and see if it made a difference
I'm not as optimistic as they are I mean
maybe it would hurt their
morale maybe it's worth a
try all right
um uh Russia is of course complaining
about the Gaza situation as you'd expect
um but there's a little bit of uh
uncertainty here how do you heard that
Israel is pumping seawater into the
tunnels do you believe that's
happening cuz I saw a report that
they're only talking about it and
preparing for it I oh I think I reported
it but I I saw it in social media but I
think the answer is they're not doing it
and they might not meaning that they're
asking a lot of the right questions
about whether or not they should do it
now they do have the pumps the news says
they they they built the infrastructure
to flood
them there's video them doing
it really send me that video if you have
it
so here's here's the conversation that's
happening if the seawater in the
tunnels uh gets into the aquifer they're
basically making Gaza unlivable because
there won't be any fresh water and it
doesn't take much seawater to get into
your larger pool of your aquifer your
fresh water before it's all spoiled
right it doesn't take much and the
tunnels there's almost no way you could
keep the tunnels from getting into the
aquifer so you're really talking about a
conscious decision to make Gaza
unlivable
essentially or I would say unlivable
without Israel being in
control because if Israel's in control
maybe they build a desalinization plant
if Israel's not in control maybe they
don't let anybody build
anything so I think the only way that
that it will be
repopulated is probably with you know
Israel being in charge I think that's
obvious at this
point all right uh George Soros
allegedly has funneled more than $50
million to a network of Iran
sympathizing
groups uh who have apparently been quite
influential what is up with
that why why would Soros be fun ing to a
large degree pro-
Iranian
factions yeah George
Soros George Soros what's up with
that you know the the I I've said this
in million times that
um that unless Alex Soros can handle a
tough interview in which he explains why
they're doing what they're
doing I think I think Elon musk's
working
assumption sounds right and I I think I
was pushing back on that remember musk
said that Soros might just hate Humanity
because you look at what he does and you
can't come up with another idea of why
he's doing it I can't and I'm I'm pretty
imaginative like I can imagine you know
ways that anything could be explained
but I can't imagine this one like I
don't have any working hypothesis to
explain any of this except that it it's
actually just pure
evil now evil I don't believe in evil
but I believe that people can be doing
bad stuff but why is his son doing
it like see that was that was my
problem if you assume there's something
wrong with Sor
senior but he's sort of you know retired
now and his son is r running it how in
the world could that specific mental
illness be transferred to the child how
do that work I mean that that makes
everything a little sketchy now it's
possible that the moment the senior dies
the sun will
change that's possible in fact I think
it's like 50% possible because there's
no way he's going to go against his dad
you know until the will is sorted
out you're going to you're going to at
least wait until the will is you know
the estate is settled and then maybe
maybe change a little after that but
before you find out if you're going to
inherit how many
billions like if you had tens of
billions of dollars on the line and all
you had to do is just shut up for three
more years because you know his father's
not going to last three more years you
just had to shut up and you'd make tens
of billions of
dollars that's a pretty strong incentive
so I wouldn't rule
out that Alex Soros would end up
changing the policies radically as soon
as he's in charge because I think it
would protect him and it would protect
the
Democrats in my opinion the Democrat
Party is being destroyed by
Soros let me let me say it another
way if there were no George Soros
there's no way Trump would be leading in
the
polls am I right do you think the
Democrats know that do you think
Democrats know that George Soros is the
reason they're going to lose the
president president uh the
presidency because on the on the
Republican side it's Crystal Clear isn't
that if you said what is the reason that
Trump will win it's immigration and
crime in the
cities and you know Foreign
Wars so
to me George Soros is destroying the
Democrat Party
accidentally do they know
that do you think they know that I mean
seriously do you think they know that do
you think that Nancy
Pelosi knows that Soros is destroying
their entire
party of course she does of course she
does do you know why because she's
 Nancy Peli right like you you
could not like her for any variety of
reasons but she's brilliant in terms of
politics and she knows she knows what
everything is like she knows she's got
the big picture she knows the whole
thing of course she
knows but I don't know maybe individuals
are getting money in a way we don't know
about but I do think Alex Soros needs to
answer the question are you
evil imagine having to answer that
question
you know it's one thing everybody calls
everybody a racist and a dictator and
stuff but we discount that stuff as
hyperbole but if Alex Soros gives a
major interview to any any right leaning
or even objective Source they get to ask
that
question are you basically working for
Satan now I don't believe in Satan but a
lot of the country does and they would
like to hear the answer to that question
are you working for
Satan I think the answer is no
but why doesn't anybody ask you it's not
my framing but somebody's going to
wonder but you could you could ask the
question in the secular way which is can
you explain how this is good for
anybody just just make your argument
because we don't know we don't know how
this could be good for anybody we don't
understand it just make your case
so I don't think you'll see
it well ladies and
gentlemen apparently I've been yaking
long enough so YouTube thanks for
joining
and um I will talk to you tomorrow bye
for
now