with Scott Adams I hope you have your
beverage ready because if you do it's
gonna be a good time and if you don't
you might still have a good time but one
way to guarantee that your day gets off
to a good start
it's the simultaneous up and all you
need is a cover of Margaret glasses
tight in the chalice attacker a thermos
of last canteen a vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee join me now for that moment in
which your dopamine will begin to spike
and your whole day will get better it's
gonna be good here it comes
the simultaneous enter go oh yeah oh
yeah so I thought I would start with a
white board presentation a very short
one there are gonna be two of them today
whoa
exciting huh Oh first I should tell you
that the title that I put on this
periscope you may have noticed that it
mentioned three Democrats Biden Warren
and Bernie and you used the word racists
now that's not going to exactly describe
what I'm gonna talk about today but I
was looking at my YouTube YouTube
analytics and I discovered that there
seems to be a pattern to my D
monetization now as the regulars now
YouTube demonetized as me and hides my
hides my videos and so my the amount of
monetization that I'm seeing on YouTube
is actually shrinking every day while
the number of subscribers and the few
times are going up so I'm doing
everything right as you know you can
tell by the customer or the viewer
response they're watching it longer etc
but it's so demonetized that the d
bonnet ization is is shrinking to zero
but I noticed that whenever I know that
whenever my title
on the YouTube clips had Democrats the
leading Democrats in the title those
were twice as monetized as any other
content think about that when the title
had one of the Democrats mentioned like
Biden or Warren those are all at the top
of my ones that got monetized the ones
that got demonetised were when I said
other things so it's possible we we have
speculated that YouTube is so clever
that it's doing some kind of
speech-to-text of my entire video and
picking on all the keywords but I'm
starting to think maybe it's just
looking at the title and my guess is
they're putting the names of the
Democrats in the title puts it at the
top now we're going to test that because
the things I'm saying in this video if
if it were being watched by actual human
beings or even if they were doing some
kind of clever a voice to text it would
pick up that I'm not saying good things
about those three people although
actually I am going to say good things
about one of them but instead I think
it's going to see that there in the
title and say well let's give some more
attention to Democrats
so we'll see changing the topic or talk
about the brains of the internet now I'm
not the first person to note that the
Internet feels like a giant brain in
which were all components of this larger
brain so social media and and all of us
connected by the internet feels like
sort of a higher-level creature in the
same ways that we have living cells in
our bodies but they don't mean much
until they're summed up to become an
intelligence which is our brains we
human beings collectively sum up to the
Internet and the Internet is like our
brain but I noticed there's an
interesting thing going on right now
which is that America
brain you know the the part of the
internet that's sort of America's
special brain sort of requires Trump and
I don't know how much is this is
intentional versus you know we just
evolved into it but when people are
saying hey Trump is just throwing out
crazy ideas about bombing hurricanes
which may or might may not have actually
happened crazy statements about this was
that crazy ideas about this was that and
he's being impulsive and he's not
listening to his advisors and all the
things you hear about him if you if you
imagine to a traditional president in a
pre-internet world that would be pretty
scary stuff because in the pre-internet
world well si pre trump world you had a
leader and then some advisors but
basically it was sort of a top-down
process where voters would be important
for electing people and polls would
matter but basically the boss is the is
the president they've got some advisors
and sort of a top-down leadership
situation Trump has kind of changed that
equation he's created sort of a virtual
brain which is let's call it America's
brain it's a collective brain and the
way that works is he throws out ideas
the same way you do internally your
internal thought process probably sounds
a lot like this hey maybe I'll jump out
that window now I don't have any reason
to jump out a window boy wouldn't be fun
to dynamite that building over there but
I'm not a terrorist so I'm not going to
dynamite a building huh I wish dogs
could fly that'd be cool I wish my dog
could fly but it can't fly so I don't
know about you but my internal process
looks a little like that my internal
process is a whole bunch of bad ideas
which I'm tossing out to myself and then
rejecting all the time I'm just thinking
of ideas and rejecting them
every now and then one of those ideas
will get through all of my internal
filters and then it will turn it into
action the president is sort of like
that he tosses out ideas all the time
and then as being these ideas are being
filtered through the media and his
advisers and polls and social media but
he's got this immediate feedback
mechanism and then he gets the feedback
and then he knows what to do so it I
don't know that there's any practical
used to to see in the world this way but
it is the way I see it that the Internet
has become a brain the president this
one anyway
has become sort of the executive part of
the brain the the conscious part that
has ideas and then tests it with the
rest of the brain you know in in a
general way not in a physical way so yes
I would say that his the president's
style would have been a disaster in
pre-internet days but in internet days
it might be exactly what you want
somebody throwing out some ideas and
seeing what happens seeing how people
react because how people react is an
important part now one of the things
that this president gets criticized for
a lot is probably one of his smartest
strategies and systems really which is
watching cable news a lot because if you
watch the major cable news channels and
you could get as much as you need from
CNN and Fox News probably to get both
sides you are going to have a real good
idea what the citizens of this country
at least the ones were paying attention
to the news you can have a real good
idea how they think now if you were
President Obama and you only read the
New York Times and then listen to your
advisors you might have really accurate
information maybe maybe not but you
would be trying to determine the
accuracy of your information and then
acting upon that and that sounds good
right president Trump is feeling the
country
and even if you dislike this president
you probably do agree that he's tapped
into the you know the country he
understands the country at a level that
other people don't
who else is good at that Michael Moore
you could hate everything about Michael
Moore's political philosophy you could
hate his movies you could hate him
personally but you would probably still
say that Michael Moore has a really good
understanding of the American public you
know that the the mass center of it so
like Michael Moore president Trump has a
good understanding and I would say that
the president watching cable news a lot
is a really good way to get tapped in I
don't know it seems to me that every
president should do that if they don't
yeah finger on the pulse all right let
me give you my latest opinion on where
things are gonna go with the Democrats
now I don't think there's any Democrat
that can beat Trump in the general
election and I don't see that changing
unless there's some new information that
that happens but let me let me show you
where the field is and I thought it
would be helpful to write it down just
so it's easier to talk about so if you
all saw the I'm sure most of you by now
have seen the news about Biden making up
this big confusing story about trying to
pin a Silver Star on some soldier who
who allegedly was protesting because he
didn't actually save the life of
somebody but he risked his life trying
blah blah blah so even the Washington
Post has said that Biden got every part
of that story wrong and it's just made
up before he told it
Biden actually said that he was swearing
was true on his Biden family's name
names honor he actually swore to God and
the honor of his family name that it was
true and
hundred percent of the media and a
hundred percent of everybody who heard
it said nope that's not only not true
it's not even close to true it's not
directionally true it's not slightly
true it's just a bunch of BS
and here's the sad part I think he
thinks it's true
now yeah so as people are saying it
isn't funny anymore it really isn't and
I think I think we can all safely say
that he's not going to be the nominee
because the Democrats who who have power
over things you know the people who were
the money people the real movers and
shakers the the serious power behind the
power within the Democrats are never
gonna let him get the nomination it just
can't happen
so let's agree the Biden is incapable so
the new word that I'm I'm going to be
using for Biden is incapable because I
don't think we need to get into the
details of what's going on all right
everybody at this point can tell there's
something going on both sides would
agree you just have to watch them in
action and you'd say okay there's
something going on we don't need to know
what it is
let let his family work that out let the
Democrats work that out but let's just
say that we all agree he's incapable
he's not going to get the nomination
Bernie is interesting so I watched most
of Bernie's interview with Joe Rogan
have you seen that have you watched the
Joe Rogan interview with Bernie first of
all it's amazing hearing any Democrat or
any candidate really have time to
actually answer questions it's it's it's
actually phenomenal Leigh you watch it
and you think why have I never seen this
before there's Bernie explaining in
detail his policies in a way I've never
heard before and I thought wow let me
give you my overall impressions of
Bernie based on the Joe Rogan interview
if I were not an experienced mature
person I would really have bought
everything that Bernie said in other
words if you hear Bernie
without the benefit of anybody
fact-checking him or asking about his
numbers or the practicality if you don't
if you don't see him being challenged by
somebody who has a different opinion of
what's practical and you only hear him
talking and he's got time to explain his
opinion he is really persuasive the
other thing that I would note about
Bernie is that he seems to be completely
in control of his faculties so where
it's obvious that biden has lost a step
shall we say it doesn't seem to be the
case with bernie he seems to be a
hundred percent on the ball and and
here's a full story where he describes
everything from the lobbyists
influencing laws to how that changes the
tax structure to what that does for
health care and everything else it's a
really convincing story and when he says
that the things that he wants to do such
as one of his ideas is to tax stock
transactions just a tiny bit less than
1% per transaction so that if I buy some
stocks with Schwab and it costs me I
know five dollars to make a make a
transaction I would pay a little extra
you know something less than a penny to
sell those stocks and apparently if you
sum that up because the the the big
players are doing lots of transactions
all the time so if you summed up all of
it the big player money and you put that
less than 1% of them according to Bernie
it would pay for a free college forever
and I don't know cancel all the student
debts and everything else I don't know
if that's true but if he here down a
context is pretty convincing
likewise when Bernie talks about health
care in other countries and how they all
seem to be able to provide universal
health care
it's obvious we could - that sounds very
convincing if other countries are doing
it it is obvious that we could do it and
and I believe we could but you don't
hear the counterpoint you don't hear
anybody say by Bernie if you try to get
these health services in Canada you're
gonna wait a long time or you're not
gonna get everything you want etc so
again out of context when nobody is
sitting there to challenge his
description of reality it's pretty darn
good and I would say that Bernie has
another thing going for him which is
that he's a super authentic and credible
in the sense that you don't think he's
lying and I was trying to think of
anytime that Bernie has been accused of
lying and I'm sure it's happened it must
have happened because he's a politician
but he's probably Trump like in the fact
that you know there's something
authentic about him now Trump misses the
fact-checking a lot but you know why
he's doing it you know you know the
direction he's trying to persuade it
doesn't come off as being inauthentic it
comes off as hyperbole which is exactly
what he tells you he's good to do so I
think that Bernie and Trump are the two
authentic candidates now here's the
thing with Bernie though so after after
giving him my compliments so I have lots
of compliments for Bernie and lots of
respect for really his whole thing
respect for him as a as a human and as a
politician and as a potential leader I
give him a lot of credit that said I
think there's a cap on how much support
he could get within the Democratic Party
and the reason I say that is look at
Biden look how weak Biden is and Biden
is still taking more voters than Bernie
by a lot both Bernie and Biden have a
similar meaning universal name
recognition if name recognition
were enough Biden would Herb Bernie
would be doing a lot better because he
would be compared to another person with
great name recognition who has clearly
lost the step whereas Bernie has not if
name recognition and competence mattered
Bernie would already be the the
front-runner by far but there's
something holding Bernie back where even
an incapable candidate can best him in
the polls there's something about maybe
what people would perceive as the
extremeness of what he wants you know
the the the magnitude of the change he's
suggesting this seems to put off some
Democrats and so I don't think Bernie
can get his support much higher than it
already is people are mentioning his age
and that is a factor but again after
watching him on Joe Rogan there's
nothing that about Bernie that looks
like he's lost the step you know I do
worry that he's at that age where it
could happen quickly I worry about that
with you know Trump I worry about it
with anybody in that age group but at
the moment he's in good shape then
there's Warren Warren everybody's
talking about she's doing a great job
campaigning she's building momentum
she's sort of the the one we're talking
about and I think this is true that
she's only getting one percent of the
african-american vote within within this
world the candidates if that's true and
I'll need a fact check on that but if
it's true that she's not getting African
Americans support she can't win so even
if you imagine that the most Democrats
will end up supporting the candidate if
you don't have the black look boat
pretty much nailed down I don't know
that you can be a viable Democrat can
you I don't know
so something tells me that what's gonna
happen is that when Biden leaves the
race and that's gonna happen
Bernie won't be able to move up that
much Ward will not look like a viable
candidate because you can't do better
with black voters and I think Harris is
going to look like the only person who
has potential but she's got a problem
she's a bad Kim here Harris is a tear
well maybe a terrible campaign she sort
of has disappeared her tweets or her
tweets are so so nothing that they don't
even register as good or bad they just
sit there in the page like like nothing
had been written and apparently she's
unable to do anything that puts her in
the news if you're running for president
and you can't get in the news and you're
in the top four Wow what the heck are
you doing so she's done pretty well in
debates but she doesn't seem to be good
as a campaigner apparently she doesn't
have much of a stump speech etc however
she has one if he has a few big
advantages to advantages are that she's
a woman and she's a person of color so
she's got the the basics down that that
make her brand and the Democrat brand
very compatible so she is the kind of
candidate who if she did a good job you
could imagine the Democratic Party
gathering around her and she's young
enough and she's smart enough that
there's no obvious problems with you
know age or or a capability but she does
have a serious charisma problem and
somebody says she laughs at her own
jokes she she just doesn't have leader
face she just doesn't have a leader face
because she's she seems a non confident
and seems to be giggling at her own
jokes
and just not authentic but here's the
thing of all of the problems that have
listed which ones are which ones are
fixable
can you fix Biden I don't think so
I don't think that's fixable whatever is
going on there is not fixable can you
get Bernie to have more support I think
it would have already happened because
we all know who he is
Democrats know exactly what they would
get and apparently half of them have
decided that's not the the way they want
to go so I don't think he can get enough
support that he would be viable can
Warren go from almost no
african-american support to enough to be
a good candidate probably not because
again we would already see signs of that
it's almost unimaginable that she could
go from almost no support to something
like full support
that's a little bit too much of a
stretch what would Harris have to do to
become viable probably the only thing
she'd have to do is pivot toward the
middle because remember one of the
criticisms about her she's flip-flopping
and seems to be unclear about what she
wants and does she want does she want
you know reparations or does she want
just a committee to talk about them does
she want you to give up your private
health care or not there's a little
ambiguity about what she wants which
could work to her advantage
because as long as you don't know
exactly what her deal is she can still
craft it and shape it toward the general
election so she's the only one who has a
problem that can be fixed and even her
charisma her demeanor her campaign style
pretty fixable because you're talking
about somebody who's you know smart and
has good advisors and was willing to put
in the work etc and
those conditions yeah there is a
scenario in which she could improve for
a game none of them I think can be
president drama but she's so I'm still
gonna I'm gonna stay with my original
prediction because I don't think it
would be fair to change my prediction so
my prediction from one year ago was the
Harris would be the nominee but lose in
the general election so I'm going to
keep with it under the assumption that
the the threa buffer can't put together
enough on the coalition and Biden
leaving will be the key to that when
Biden leaves where will that support go
well for one thing it'll play Harrison
the top three let me that alone would be
pretty big deals alright let's talk
about Comey the IG report says that
Comey did some weaselly things with some
memos of some confidential information
and blah blah blah
if I'll read this story by now but at
least for this portion of his activities
the part that the IG report covered so
it hasn't talked about FISA applications
or anything yet but the things they
covered apparently are not something
that the Justice Department thinks needs
to be things needs to be taken to court
now Comey of course is claiming victory
but here's the thing I don't quite
understand about the IG report do we
know his motivation because if you look
at just the things he did I'm willing to
accept that our justice system looked at
him and said now we can't get there's no
conviction we can get here so it
wouldn't matter who it was with this set
of facts we probably would not make a
case end of it I'm okay with that I you
know I I feel ok trusting our justice
system to decide whether or not that's
illegal but here's the thing was he
trying to overthrow
government shouldn't we know that
because it feels like there are two
versions of motivations that would
explain the facts that we all agree are
in evidence
you know the facts the he claims as well
as the facts the IG report confirms and
one version is that he was honestly
worried about Russian collusion or
something and the other version is that
he was trying to overthrow the legally
elected president of the United States
don't you get executed for that does it
need to be illegal in order to execute
somebody for treason
now I'm not suggesting you should be
executed because you know I'm I haven't
looked at all the facts and I'm no
lawyer or I'm no judge but I'm just
asking the question does they have to be
illegal technically illegal to beat to
be a coup can you run a coup that
technically follows the law but is still
a coup because it feels like that's what
happened it feels as though he was
involved in trying to overthrow the
President of the United States he just
happened to know how to do it in a way
that wasn't illegal you know according
to the specific laws that he was dealing
with but shouldn't it also be illegal to
overthrow the country is that not
illegal I mean just by its nature is
that not illegal don't people get hanged
for that sort of thing
I don't so I guess people who are
smarter than I am will have to sort that
out and I guess there's more coming on
COBE and we would also need to know if
his if the people he was working with
were on the same page and what were all
of their motivations and I don't know if
we'll ever know that because the people
involved are going to say well we were
just doing our job and if the if the
President had been compromised
was our job to find out so it feels as
though we may have discovered a plot to
overthrow the government that wasn't
illegal I mean that's just the weirdest
thing in the world but it looks like
that's what's happening I don't know how
to explain that
in other news Donny Deutsch is his show
on MSNBC got cancelled
that's right Donny Deutsch a big critic
of President Trump had a show on MSNBC
and it got cancelled the news here is
that Donny Deutsch had a television show
I didn't even know that but it got
canceled so apparently if you ask
yourself is there no limit to how much
Trump hatred can be on MSNBC well maybe
there is a limit there might actually be
a limit and I guess Donny Deutsch is TV
show might be the limit of how much
Trump derangement syndrome people are
willing to watch for entertainment
here's a question that I asked on
Twitter I said that every American CEO
who is doing business with what I call
hashtag fentanyl China needs to go on
record for why they are supporting the
world's biggest illegal drug dealers
don't you think we need to start doing
that don't you think that the CEOs of
every major American company need to be
on record in public you know on public
record for why they think they need to
be doing business in China or with China
I think they need to explain that
because every all business they do with
China is supporting the biggest illegal
drug operation in the world and maybe
they have reasons perhaps their reasons
are they're saving money for their
shareholders but I think it's fair to
say it
give us your reason is your reason for
supporting
50,000 fentanyl overdose deaths a year
in the United States this is because you
can save some money just tell us your
isn't CEOs CEOs tell us your reason that
you think it's okay to deal with China
is it for profit if it is just tell us
if you're on the side of killing fifty
thousand Americans a year for a little
extra money just tell us we'd like to
hear your explanation now when China
killed my son which is indirectly true
so most of you know my stepson died of a
overdose that included fentanyl in his
system
a year ago little under a year ago and
we know that most of the fentanyl almost
all of it comes from China and goes
through Mexico so when China killed my
son what they didn't realize is that
they took out a son of the person in the
world who was most capable of
embarrassing managers is there anybody
on the planet Earth that you can think
of it literally on the planet Earth can
you think of anybody in the world and a
seven billion people who could be more
effective at embarrassing managers it's
what I do for a living
I literally embarrass management for a
living I'm actually world famous for
embarrassing companies and managers and
now they've put me in the position I
mean I didn't ask to be here certainly
there's nothing about this situation
that I would have asked for but by
chance China took out my son and by
doing so I'm gonna take out the whole
 country or I'm gonna try
now who knows how things are gonna go
but I'm gonna make it very difficult for
American companies to continue doing
business in China they're going to have
to answer for it and they're going to
have to take a big kick in the balls if
they want to do it so let's make it hard
to do business there I understand one of
the problems is that China is where we
get most of our pharmaceuticals and if
they decided to you know stop doing that
we would be in big trouble with
pharmaceuticals for which I say we'd
better hurry
we better get that stuff out of China as
quickly as possible let's get let's get
anything out of China that has a less a
national security element to it so China
you messed with the wrong cartoonist
it's to the death now now I asked I
asked somebody who is a an expert on
China and knows a lot I won't mention
who it was but somebody who would be
considered very knowledgeable on China
and I asked do you think China is
watching me and he said yes now there's
no way to confirm that but if you were
China wouldn't you be paying attention
to whatever pundits are saying about
politics in the United States of course
you would
of course you went so if China could
take me out would they do it probably
probably but I'm gonna be a little bit
hard to get to and let me let me put
this out there as clearly as possible as
clearly as I can make this if China
takes me out you know what to do
and it will be totally worth it if China
kills me which i think is actually
possible I think it's unlikely you know
if I have to put the odds on it pretty
low but if I die in a mysterious
accident it probably wasn't Hillary
Clinton who got me right if I died in a
mysterious accident
just make sure China knows that you
didn't like it all right
Iran had a little problem with one of
his rockets it was trying to launch a
satellite but the Rockets that they used
to launch satellites are the same
Rockets that they might use for
intercontinental ballistic missiles so
people who are not friendly with Iran
let's say you know the United States and
Israel Saudi Arabia and others would not
be too happy if Iran were successful in
launching satellites so let me ask you
this do you think it was a an accident
that three times in a row
Iran's attempt to launch major missiles
they've blown up on the launch pad do
rockets blow up on launch pads a lot is
that something that happens a lot
because three in a row feels like no
longer a coincidence it feels like you
know I could I could easily see three
rocket tests that didn't work you know
it's easy to imagine three that didn't
work right but three that blew up on the
launch pad now this comes right after we
heard that the United States apparently
did some kind of a cyber attack in which
we managed to wipe out an Iranian
database that was somehow important in
tracking ships or were we're doing
something in the Gulf and that was our
response to the mining of a ship now if
we can get that deeply into the Iranian
databases such that we can erase one of
them
important databases that's this
presumably has military-grade protection
do you think we can get at their missile
program probably probably and I would
think that the best way to destroy a
rocket on the launch pad would be with a
hack because if you did anything kinetic
you know you you shot anything at it it
would be noticeable but if you did
something with software that made the
launch sequence work in the wrong order
my guess is that we at least tried to do
that whether that worked or not I don't
know Mike sort of that tweeted something
that I was thinking but had not said so
I'll give Mike credit for this he said
remember when it was a big deal when
Matt assigned no one even notices that's
one of the great lessons in life if
you've ever worked for a company
especially a big company and you've
you've probably been in this situation
where there's some manager or some key
employee who gets fired or quits and you
say to yourself my god
how could we go on without without that
key employee and then a year later you
don't even know they're gone right you
can't even tell the difference it's very
rare to have a key employee I believe
they exist but it's very rare
so when mattis was originally quit and
the world was worrying oh my god you
know he's the only one who's keeping
president Trump saying I thought to
myself I don't think I said it but I
thought to myself well here we go again
this will be the 10 millionth time
somebody said that what can we do if
this person leaves and then nothing's
really different right so I'm seeing in
the comments somebody's saying Steve
Jobs was a key employee
now I'm not sure that's a good example
because although it is true that Apple
has gone on to do great things I don't
know that they've innovated anything has
has Apple innovated in any sort of
radical way the way they did when Steve
Jobs was there so he might actually be a
case of a key employee who mattered he
might be I don't know but I didn't think
maddest was important because if he
let's put it this way if mattis had been
as good as everybody said at doing his
job and let's say he was let's say
mattis was as good as his biggest
supporters say because he had a lot of
support so I don't think they were all
wrong if he was as good as everybody
said he would it made sure he had good
people working for him good people who
could come up and and take the position
you can't be that good of a leader and
not have a deep bench behind you who can
be you know a strong player as should he
leave and apparently that's what
happened apparently there was a strong
bench if you can call it that
top guy left strong players came off the
bench I don't know I haven't noticed
have you noticed that things are worse
because mattis left I haven't noticed
and and you're gonna have to fact-check
me on this next thing is my
understanding is that mattis last straw
for mattis and the reason he left is
that he was opposed to pulling out of
Syria when Trump wanted to well what has
happened since mattis left what's
happened has as everything going wrong
in Syria because maybe it has you know I
feel like we're not getting all the news
and of Syria I don't really I don't know
what's going on there but hasn't Trump
and proven right so I'm going to put
that in the form of a question statement
because I'm not willing to say for sure
that Trump is right about Syria and that
you know we should at least you know
draw down our forces to some
a minimum but I think that's the
opposite of what man has wanted and it
looks to me like drawing down our troops
at least to where they are now doesn't
seem to be hurting anything and I and I
heard that the you know mattis's sort of
larger complaint and I think Syria was
part of it was that we're not doing what
are what we committed to our allies I
don't know if he's talking about Israel
in this case but we watched Israel just
take out an Iranian drone operation in
Syria quite effectively I don't know if
Israel needed our help I mean maybe we
did help in some way but things seemed
to be going fine so I guess we didn't
need mattis after all all right and
president has as officially turned space
force into a sixth branch
I think it's official now and in the
sense that yeah there are there are
people who were assigned to turn our
space operations into a real military
force some people say don't militarized
space to which I say it's too late if we
don't other countries are already
starting to put assets up there you have
to militarize space militarizing space
is really not optional is it yeah I
don't see any world in which military
militarizing space is optional you kinda
have to because you know what would
happen if a country unfriendly to us
militarized space and we didn't well
whoever militarized space also owns
earth because if you can be in space and
you know shoot stuff down it's gonna be
hard to shoo things from the ground up
and hey you I've been speaking in very
simplistic terms I would think that
militarizing space
gives you a pretty pretty big advantage
on terrestrial stuff alright there's big
hurricane coming for Florida we hope
that everybody is safe if anybody if
anybody wants to report on that during
the hurricane itself
let me now I would like to see live
video from it you don't have to use my
app and if you do you can set the the
price you charge to zero so people don't
yell at me again oh the the outrage the
outrage tourists like to say wait it's a
tragedy don't suggest using your app but
if it helps you you can set your price
to zero and there will be no money
changing hands so it will just be an
asset that you can use so and you don't
even have to use that you can use
FaceTime anything you want but I would
love to see live pictures of the
hurricane for people who are safe if
you're in this safe place and you've got
some interesting pictures I would like
to help you share them so the news the
news industry can do that too but I'd
love to see them so if you use the
interface by wind hub app to do that you
don't have to set the price you can set
it as zero you can just be do it as a
public service and that would be great
all right yes too late to nuke it and I
will talk to you later bye for now