bum bum bum bum bum bum hello Kevin come
on in here Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Tyler bill Merry Christmas
good to see you
Mathias Eric Happy Holidays to all of
you I'm why you here it's for a little
thing called the simultaneous if in all
of the simultaneity that goes with it
but special surprise special surprise
I've updated the introduction to the
simultaneous sip to make it easier for
you to sing along in fact turned it into
a generic drinking toast
are you ready so here's the rework
introduction to the simultaneous sip
that goes like this
watch the rhyming pattern you'll be
impressed home I'd like to perform this
correctly for the simultaneous zip all
you need is a cup or a Margaret glass a
tankards tankard chalice or Stein
canteen juggler flask vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee but if this were a drinking game
or you were doing here for a toast
everybody would get to say their own
favorite liquid at the same time so I'd
be yelling coffee you'd be yelling vodka
perhaps it all works now joining me now
for the unparalleled pleasure of the
dopamine to the day the thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous sip go yep yep yep yep
that's good stuff
so I think this rhyme is better so let
me let me tell it to you slower so all
you need is a cup or a marker glass a
tanker chalice or Stein canteen jug or
flask
a vessel of any kind come on you know
that's better
all right let's talk about all the stuff
because they're stuff happening stuff
all over the place so we're going to
talk about that stuff
let's talk about impeachment now you
know how some stories they start out as
being one thing but then as they start
to settle in with the public and they
settle in with how your own mind and how
you think about it a story starts to
drift from what you thought it was to
some different thing even though the
facts haven't changed have you ever
noticed that and I'm going to give you
an analogy to make the point this
analogy is not meant to persuade you
because analogies don't do that but
analogy is really good at explaining a
concept here's the concept or here's the
analogy have you ever been in a
situation where you were playing a game
as an adult with a child and of course
you as an adult could easily win the
game you know be it checkers or racing
or you know any kind of a little game
what do you do as an adult if you're
playing against a child well I know that
some of you beat the child so that the
so that the child can learn how to lose
yeah so that's some of you right but
more commonly you let the child win
because that's how both of you win as an
adult you would get no joy out of
winning but you would get something out
of helping a young person become more
confident learn a game you know have a
social interaction with you and so most
cases if you have a contest a game or
you know anything like that usually you
have a winner and then a loser that's
the normal way things go but in my
simple example of an adult playing a
game with a child and the child doesn't
know how to play yet the best way for
both of you to win is for the adult to
let the child win because it's good for
the child depending on this situation
and the adult wins do because they've
you know taught a child something useful
now let's talk about impeachment there
was an old kind of impeachment that I
would call the bad kind
let's call that
practical impeachment President Nixon
was impeached for what I would say are
practical reasons meaning that the
country said hmm that's impeachable and
the country even in a bipartisan way at
least as much as these things could be
bipartisan all agreed that what Nixon
did was mmm that's over the line that
has to be stopped for practical reasons
all right you can't have that kind of a
leader because the whole system falls
apart if the leader could just break the
law any time they want so that's a
practical impeachment this latest one
with President Trump is not really that
and the more it the more it sinks in and
especially as you see the reactions to
it on the Democrat side and also the
reactions to it on the Republican side
does it not look a little bit more right
right now today doesn't it look a little
bit more like an adult letting a child
win in the game
and here's let me you know of course
analogies are imperfect so let's just
forget the analogy for a moment I'm just
using that to introduce the point the
point is that if you're looking at the
reactions from the Democrats they appear
to be weirdly happy about accomplishing
absolutely nothing meaning that the
president will not be removed from
office right but they're still very
happy on their unambiguously happy how
do you explain that they're
unambiguously happy when they didn't
remove the president from office they
probably all were aware that there was
more chance his popularity would
increase and more chance he would be
elected more chance he would raise you
know get have good fundraising which he
did so do you think that the motivation
from the Democrat side would be the
stated motivation oh he's a criminal the
world's gonna go to act if we don't get
rid of him right away I think they have
revealed by their willingness to weigh
on the actual sending of the the
impeachment articles the Senate they
seem to have revealed that it wasn't
really a practical impeachment because
there doesn't seem to be anything
happening that looks like it could
become anything practical anything that
actually happens but what did happen and
you see the the Democrats cheering about
it is that they have blessed President
Trump with a stain that can't be removed
and they talk about it that way we've
we've impeached him he will always be an
impeached president there's a stain he
has to live with that what does that
sound like it sounds like people working
through an emotional problem that has
more to do with their own life now Oprah
is the first one I ever heard say this
so here's I'll give you the the Oprah
view on this if you come to somebody
let's say you're talking to Oprah and
you say you know Oprah I've got a real
problem with whatever it is there's you
know costs too much
you've got a kind of problem here it's
hard to fix and if you can talk about
the problem in objective ways and give
objective reasons why it's a problem and
maybe why you're gonna fix it you would
be a person who probably has a real
problem you understand the problem
you're looking to fix it so Oprah would
say that's a person with a real problem
who knows what their problem is but as
Oprah points out if you come at a
problem purely emotionally Oprah would
point out and I hope I'm not I hope I'm
not let's say miss stating Oprah's
opinion on these things but I think I'm
pretty close Oprah would say that if you
come to a problem and you talk about it
with great emotionality maybe the
problem isn't the real problem maybe the
problem is making you think of something
in your own life other problems your
your past experience and that you may be
sort of trapped in a bubble of your own
reality and that the way you reveal that
you're in a bubble as opposed to just
someone who has a real problem and they
can recognize it is that their reaction
is completely out of whack
with what the problem is now that's what
we've been watching with the reaction to
President Trump the reactions to him
seem disconnected from results you know
the economy doing well
all the usual stuff we talked about so
here's what I think and what I recommend
for your holidays those of you who are
Trump supporters you've got a holiday
gift that you don't realize yet and it
goes like this the the temperature of
the country was going up and up and up
and you as a trump supporter were part
of the targets of that higher
temperature in other words you were
being vilified you were being you know
targeted I mean especially you're being
targeted by people saying that even if
you supported this president you know
you must be vilified too just for being
a voter this is not normal right you
never saw that before right you didn't
see the voters being vilified just for
voting for their candidate that's new
and I think what you're saying is that
Democrats are working through some
personal problems there there are a lot
of people who would have a reaction to
somebody like Trump because he presents
himself as a bully now ask yourself
about the main players in the
impeachment saga how many of the people
whose whose names and faces immediately
come to you when you think of the
Democrats trying to impeach the
president and then ask yourself how many
of them have probably had bad
experiences with bullies and I'm gonna
lump into the category any of the me to
sexual harassment stuff just for this
conversation let's just put it into the
bully category you know strong men
behaving badly let's just say that how
many of the people male and female have
exterior have experienced over their
lifetime extraordinarily cruel bouts of
bullying and harassing probably 100
percent I'm
maybe every one of them so when they
wake up every morning and they see a
president Trump how does that make him
feel forget about politics how does it
make you feel well what it makes you
feel like is like let's say somebody
beat you up and went to jail and then
they got into jail and became your boss
even if they were a really good boss and
everything they did was good for the
country
and even if they paid their debt they
went to jail for beating you up if
you're an employee and your CEO is the
guy who beat you up for it
even though he went to jail and even
though he's doing a good job as the CEO
and even if he's not bothering you
necessarily can you live with it
not really you need revenge
you need revenge so here's the gift
Democrats Democrats got revenge the the
impeachment is revenge and it's pretty
good because the revenge they were
seeking is not to kill the president
they were asking for him to be killed I
mean some crazy ones were but generally
now they weren't really asking him to go
to jail for the things that you know
anything that we've seen because none of
it is illegal as far as we can tell at
least not jailable and legal stuff so I
feel as though the temperature will go
way down now and that Pelosi is
completely smart to delay things until
after the holidays because people are
going to go onto the holiday feeling
pretty good if you're a Democrat you're
gonna say wow you know I've been bullied
all my life but I got one back I got a
bully back and not just an ordinary
bully I got like the that the super
bully the biggest bully the but the
bully of all bullies Trump the one who's
been making me lose sleep the one that's
making me you know the seeking
psychiatric help which is literally
thing a lot of people getting medical
help for the way he makes them feel and
it's not because the economy's bad it's
because the way that he makes them feel
so in a weird way
this is like the adult who plays the
game with a child in which there is a
way for both sides to win because you
just watched it happen the Democrats
feel they got the win because they
stained a bully forever there is there's
no situation there's no arguing way
there's no there's no saying well the
Senate didn't you know didn't confirm
the impeachment that may all be true but
it is nonetheless true that the people
who feel they've been victims of bullies
all their lives they won one it's a win
somebody says how is not this not a bit
of mind-reading it would be mind-reading
if I said this is the case what I'm
doing is saying compare this to your
other alternatives and you can make your
own mind up and the argument is this not
based on mind-reading but based on
knowing people and and now what people
do in certain situations if you put me
and let me let me give you another a
good example when Hillary Clinton was
running for president I hated her
fricking guts and it wasn't that I hated
her for just being Hillary I hate her
because she reminded me of women that I
hate people that I hate but women that I
hate because you know you see things in
too in terms of gender now there are
certainly men who would give me the same
reaction I I could see lots of
situations in which there would be a man
who would remind me of other kinds of
men and I would hate that man just as
sort of a proxy for all those other men
but that's the that's the feeling I had
with Hillary Clinton especially when she
became full MS andrius is that a word
when she actually went out and said that
women would be better leaders because
they have extra skills compared to man
and that was sort of that just one of
the things that triggered me and it
seemed to me that I treated her as sort
of an enemy and I felt a lot like even
during the election I could feel it in
myself that my reaction to Hillary
more to do with my feelings about people
she reminded me of yeah and I felt it at
the time I had a visceral dislike for
her that was not connected to anything
she actually had dog Nora would do it
was just visceral and I will I will cop
to that clearly the anti-trump r's have
a visceral emotional reaction that's a
little bit disconnected to anything he's
actually doing I think we have the
weirdest situation where everybody won
because let me ask you this most of your
Trump supporters you wouldn't be on this
periscope do any of you feel really bad
that Trump got impeached because I
wondered how I would feel about it and I
didn't really have any bad feelings
about it at all you know if it were up
to me I would you know if I could just
snap my hands and snap my fingers and
make something different I would prefer
he not be impeached but now that it's
happened and I can actually see all
right well how do I feel you know how's
my coffee taste this morning hmm still
the same but I actually am happy and I
know this sounds weird but maybe it's
the Christmas season and the you know
full of the good spirits for the
holidays or something well I'm not
joking about this I actually feel good
for the Democrats today because you
imagine if you if you wouldn't your
whole life being abused and bullied
imagine that and you got you got this
one chance to in a very public way hit
back at your bully in a completely legal
way you know nobody went to jail nobody
got physically hurt but you stained him
you know you put the scarlet B on his
chest forever how would you feel about
that pretty good pretty good and so I'm
looking at the situation where half of
the country who got what they wanted the
impeachment he's probably feeling pretty
good about it and I have to say I have
to say I can't hate half of my own
country feeling good today
like I I don't feel bad you know I
didn't see anybody lose a did you today
Ben lose there's anybody a loser in any
of this I don't think so I think we have
this weird situation where Trump
supporters are saying yeah we just
guaranteed re-election
you know Trump supporters like that and
at the same time the other team you know
the other team that should have been the
winning team I guess maybe there's the
losing team if you count the Senate
we'll we'll turn it over
but how do you ever get a competition in
which both sides completely won am i
right because I think Democrats on some
level maybe don't think that they're
gonna win and certainly if they look at
their own field the candidates I don't
think they think they're gonna win so
I'm not even sure it was about that I
think it was just a bully reaction which
worked out really well and so when you
go over the holidays I would make this
recommendation for your your Trump
hating relatives who got what they
wanted the impeachment congratulations
congratulations now I'm a I'm a trump
supporter but do I think that Trump's
style is good for everybody who is a
citizen no not at all it's very obvious
that his style which doesn't bother me
personally even a little bit not even a
little bit just me personally but I'm I
can observe and it's completely obvious
that his style really really really
bothers a lot of people all right let's
be honest about that you know doesn't
bother me
doesn't bother most to you you see it in
a different frame maybe you didn't have
a big problem with bullies in your life
or maybe that's just not your biggest
drama and you know you don't focus on it
but in any case most of us are
completely unaffected by it
but some people are not some a lot you
know ten civilians people are deeply
affected by how they just feel about
them and they just got something to make
themselves feel better
congratulations
well thought you know congratulations
and I mean that actually yeah you got
what you wanted now here's an
interesting point according to me
I've talked many times about this
concept of affirmations now affirmations
is the process of repeating or writing
down what you want over and over every
day and then is somehow magically
manifests itself into your life now
since I don't believe in magic I'm gonna
say it seems to do that right so the the
human perception of of this process of
affirmations is that it seems to work
it's something I've used all my life I
think it might have more to do with
focusing on what you want you know there
may be some just psychological reasons
why it seems to work even if it doesn't
but in the process of affirmations
whether or not you think it's magic or
just getting more because you're
focusing on it whatever you believe
about it there is one piece of advice
that the proponents of affirmations
always make and that is don't be too
specific and an example would be let's
say you're at an affirmation i scott
adams will become a millionaire i will
become a millionaire and then you win
the lottery and you get a hundred
million dollars but somebody immediately
steals ninety nine million dollars of it
and you're left with 1 million dollars
the the trap is that you'll get what you
asked for and you could have had a
hundred million so the trap with
affirmations is don't be too specific
about what you're asking for because you
might limit yourself from getting
something better so it's better to say
that you'll be wealthy then you'll make
a million dollars because wealthy is
uncapped a million dollars that might be
exactly what you get when you could have
had two million impeachment is just like
that for how long have people been
saying let's impeach President Trump you
see where I'm going with this they got
what they asked for they didn't get what
they probably were thinking they wanted
what they wanted was to remove him from
office right but nobody thought that or
nobody nobody repeated that is their
mantra take a look at you know even
what's his name who's the billionaire
Steyr steyr he didn't say removed from
office I mean he may have used the
phrase but primarily he was talking
about impeachment impeach and peach
impeach impeach so the Democrats got
exactly specifically what they asked for
but not what they wanted and that's the
trap of affirmations if you focus on the
thing you're asking for you might get it
it might not be the thing you wanted
thing you wanted was to remove him from
office and that also is a tell I think
that I don't even think that a Democrats
in their in the small rational part of
their brains everybody has a small
rational part so that's not specifically
Democrats but in the rational part of
their brain did they really want to
remove a president with all of the
trouble that would cause I don't know if
they did I mean if you ask them they
would say yes but I don't know if if in
their private thoughts they wanted that
where they just wanted to punch a bully
and so my my take on this is that
everybody won nobody saw that coming I
didn't I didn't predict it but I think
this is one of the best things that's
ever happened to the country because you
had a country that was genuinely
suffering from having a bully president
that's a lot to ask for people who have
been bullied all their life would you
agree so even if you were not personally
ever affected by a bully maybe you were
a bully but would you still not agree
that if you had been a victim of bullies
all your life that putting somebody who
clearly has the bully vibe in the
presidential office how do you how do
you wake up in the morning with that
like how does that make you feel pretty
bad and the impeachment I think went a
long way to evening things out in
people's
psychological framework I got to tell
you I am so proud of the people who
follow me on Twitter I set a little trap
for you and not a single person fell
into it now I didn't think of it that
way when I posted it I wasn't thinking
of it as a trap I wanted to get opinions
on it without biasing you but here's
what I did I
I tweeted an idea from a group called
Folsom based citizens again and Dewayne
Mason he's the founder and he's released
details of the plan for building a three
billion dollar private city equipped
with amenities and services for 150,000
of what he calls the high needs
population or the or the homeless now I
put that out there because it was
basically like a dormitory situation low
cost housing with probably some
facilities for helping people have
special types of needs now I put that
out there and I wondered what people
would say did people say thank goodness
there's a plan for ending homelessness
nobody did not one of you not a single
person thought that was a good idea or
at least people commented I don't think
a single person said it was a good idea
do you know why because almost all of
you have been educated largely from dr.
Drew's good work and you know people
like me or amplifying his message to
know that it's not a homeless problem
it's never been a homeless problem it's
a drug addiction problem it's a mental
mental health problem and the people on
the street want to be there you could
put them in a house tomorrow and they
just say yeah I kind of like the
sidewalk and so not a single person who
follows me on Twitter that I noticed I
mean there might have been I didn't
notice any fell for the trap of building
homes for homeless people we all know it
won't work right now many of you pointed
out that there were other attempts to do
this they've failed there's some famous
ones that are in the literature people
tried to do almost
exactly this thing and then ended up
tearing it down because what happens is
if you take all the people who have
problems and you put them in one place
it doesn't make it easier to solve turns
out it turns out there's probably some
ideal ratio of people with the addiction
and mental health problems that you know
you don't want to put them all in one
place because they're not going to fix
anything if they're all in one place
it's just gonna become a mess and you're
gonna have to tear it down later
now contrasting that there's a place in
San Francisco for drug treatment and
career training called the Delancey
Street foundation Delancey Street
foundation and they've been around for
decades and they're one of the most if
not the most and one of the most at
least respected treatment centers for
long-term addictions or things so I
believe that people go there they live
and work there they learn to trade I
think they've got a restaurant so you
could learn restaurant businesses they
have a moving company I believe so you
could become a mover but the point is
you could learn various trades while
working through your addiction problem
and the Delancey Street operation has
only grown for decades I was familiar
with it in the 70s so something that's
stood the test of time several decades
several decades I mean that's really
standing the test of time so there are
obviously there are people who know how
to do it there are people who have
figured out what works and what doesn't
and that's not necessarily the same
people who would have good intentions
and are trying to build a place for the
homeless so what I would like to see is
dr. drew help us with an outline of some
kind of a better approach yeah just sort
of a PowerPoint kitty just dr. Joe if
you could just bullet point it for us
tell us what it should look like is
there a law or laws that need to be
changed what are they and what do we
need to do differently
based on what we've learned and what we
know works and what doesn't
so my take on this is that we probably
do need some kind of private industry to
build this now there are two things that
get conflated one is building low-cost
housing for the homeless which I think
you know the the big problem of an
addiction and mental health have to be
dealt with and I would think that
probably you need a separate and maybe
smaller maybe Delancey Street is a good
size because there's probably a scale
that works best you don't want to be too
small you don't want to be too big
I'm guessing Pulaski Street it's the
sweet spot there but you also completely
independently of the homeless problem we
need to fix the cost of living the cost
of having a high-quality life so that
people can retire into a good situation
that they're not wanting for anything
but it just doesn't cost very much so I
think we do need to develop that and
here's how it should be done I'm
thinking of doing this and it would look
like this I start a separate Twitter
account for building low-cost housing
and then I do a series of tweets which
only are subject categories so one of my
tweets might be put it in the comments
the best kind of plumbing for a low cost
housing the best kind of heating/cooling
structure location you know so you have
all the categories and then you let all
the commenters and vendors who make the
kinds of things that make sense for
these questions just let them comment
and then you let other people vote up
things and of course people who put
links in the comments so you could go
and take a look at you know the the link
so the question is this could you design
low-cost a low-cost city and here's the
other thing I think you need to design
it as a community you can't design a
home by itself and and let me give you
the most stark reason why if you're
trying to make it low cost and better
both low cost and better than then
living is now
you might want to and this is just a
suggestion get rid of your kitchen and
put in a iPad where you can just have
your food delivered from the central
cafeteria so it's the cafeteria so you
know the cost is not that high but you
could get rid of kitchens so you
wouldn't have to shop you wouldn't have
to clean you know you wouldn't have to
cook you just go to your iPad and I do
that now with door - right but it's too
expensive so you need the sort of
community co-op version of the door -
you can get rid of kitchens likewise I
always use the example of my dorm
experience in college if you put people
together who want to be together seniors
like to be around seniors young people
like to be around young people in cetera
families like to be around families you
you don't need the great physical
structure because it's the people that
make it special
that's why College was so awesome I had
the worst physical living situation in
college that I've ever had but even
though it was the worst you know
building walls bad I'd walk outside and
it was kids people I wanted to hang out
with so it was the best situation and
had nothing to do with the cost of my
housing so I think those are the kinds
of systems baek's approach where you
design the whole community where you can
get the real cost savings and I would
also like to see designs for the perfect
living room the perfect bathroom low
cost you know the perfect bedroom etc
and then once you've designed to each
each of these individual spaces then
people could say are well I'll just take
one of these one of these one of these
they'll put them together and run it
through my computer and I don't need a I
don't need a an architect and I don't
need an engineer because the engineering
and the architecture would all be you
know built into a system that only gave
you so many choices but all the choices
were the best UPS
it's the three best choices for what
your living room could look like the
three best choices for your your your
laundry room etc all right so
that's that robber right right
well-known Democrat I know him a little
bit we've chatted by email and he's
released the following estimate
you said the 60% of wealth is inherited
and so his point was that we have an
unfair system basically because if sixty
percent of all the wealth is just passed
down as opposed and that's not a very
fair country and to which I added this
question what percentage of people
inherit any substantial money of all the
people who will be born this year how
many of them will inherit money five
percent three percent
very few people inherit money it's
almost trivial now the amount they
inherit is so grotesquely large that it
makes all the averages skewed I think
Bernie Sanders says I might have this
wrong but it's something like this he
says that the two richest Americans have
more wealth than the bottom 50% of the
entire country because 50 percent of the
country has no wealth and you know a few
billionaires get a lot so so other
people weighed in and apparently only 20
percent of this is some statistics
somebody put it in the comments only 21
percent of millionaires received any
inheritance and all just 16 percent
inherited more than a hundred thousand
and get this only three percent received
an inheritance at or above 1 million so
that feels like a pretty pretty good
country let me let me give you another
reframing of something you saw that the
the Democrat candidates attempted to say
that the economy is not so good because
even though the stock market's up there
are a lot of people in the middle class
we're not you know gaining as much as
the Democrats would like them to gain
so the Democrats are at least Joe Biden
is making a case that the the economy is
not as good as it looks on the surface
because people aren't doing as well as
they should be doing here's the
psychology that I think Joe Biden misses
and as the creator of the Dilbert comic
strip this is something I've been sort
of tracking for decades and it's this
when unemployment is high and you're not
doing well who do you blame if the if
there's lots of unemployment and you
don't have a job or you don't have a
good enough job who do you blame you
blame the government or the system
because there's no jobs for you to get
if you can't get a job it's not your
fault there just aren't enough jobs and
you don't have the right training but
your tendency your tendency is to blame
the system because it didn't give you
opportunities now what happens when the
unemployment rate reaches an all-time
low and now you're still not doing well
you wish you had a raise etc when
unemployment is at an all-time low who
do you blame if you're not doing well do
you see it yet you blame yourself you
blame yourself I saw this first during
the dot-com era let me give you a little
history when Dilbert first came out it
wasn't really about the workplace but he
became I transferred it to be a
workplace comic strip in the early 90s
in the mid 90s there was this huge waves
of layoffs that came after the dot-com
era right yeah so in the dot-com era
everybody was in the you know printing
money I felt like everybody felt like
even if they weren't doing well it was
their own fault there was a period when
I was doing the comic when I couldn't
really write good jokes for a few years
because I couldn't get anybody to
complain about their job think about
that people who had the same job that
they'd had for 10 years
stopped complaining about their job
because wait for it everybody else was
doing well do you see it yet if everyone
else is doing well you stop complaining
about your own job even if you've had it
for years because you know it's your own
damn fault now because all those other
people don't have your problem what are
they doing they're working harder
they're going to school they're training
taking a chance they moved they're doing
something so suddenly your entire
psychology of whose fault it is changes
now as soon as there was lots of
unemployment then everybody blames the
government blames the big companies
blames the I was sourcing claims to see
I Elvis yeah but with low unemployment
good luck
Joe Biden getting your own voters to
think it's the government's fault when
you've got this good of an economy and
this good of an employment it's your own
damn fault now it's not right you know
there a lot there are plenty of people
are doing the best they can and you know
that's the best they can do but it's
gonna feel like it's your own damn fault
so I'm only talking about what it feels
like so I don't think the Democrats have
a message that could really hit at the
moment because people aren't just gonna
feel like it's the government's problem
it just feels like your own problem when
the economy is doing this well if you're
not following the epoch I don't know how
to pronounce that epoch times epoch EPOC
H epic The Epoch Times it turns out
that's a word I've never said that aloud
I don't think and yon You Killick
whose name I also can't pronounce he was
interviewing a CNN whistleblower now I'd
seen this guy before but this was I
don't know there was something about the
way the interview went that made this a
little special and this is a CNN
employee who quit CNN because he
couldn't stand the fake news and this
guy's name is Kerry porch
he said quote I was part of that team in
Charlottesville parenthetically he was
talking about Charlottesville everyone
said Trump didn't condemn the Nazis and
I knew that wasn't the case in other
words he was they already watched it so
he knew that the way you see and then it
was reporting it saying that he hadn't
condemned the Nazis was obviously not
true because he was there he watched the
speech and he observed it with his own
eyes so he says that basically raised my
antenna he said what else am I being fed
so when he saw that the CNN's reporting
on Charlottesville they claimed that the
president called the races fine people
which of course never happened but it
was widely reported that it did this guy
who worked for CNN and watched it on the
ground he was actually assigned to that
event first of all he could see that
there were plenty of people there he
said this separately but he saw that
there were plenty of people there who
were not marching with the the racists
and we're not auntie father there were
just other people people in plain
clothes doing we were there for their
own reasons some fortune statues some
against for historical reasons for free
speech reasons just a whole bunch of
people with different opinions what is
what does CNN say about their own
whistleblower saying that they've been
making up the news on one of the most
important pieces of news that has
affected us for years it's it's kind of
amazing all right one of the surviving
members of the the massacred family is
down in New Mexico you know in the
cartel Massacre the Mormon families that
had moved to Mexico recently one of the
dads who lost a daughter and several
grandkids in that Massacre is trying to
get the Mexican government to allow him
and others to form militias to farm to
form private armies within Mexico to
fight the cartels now I don't think he's
gonna get approval for that because like
you know I think we all
expect that the Mexican government is
essentially working for the cartels at
this point I mean if that might not be
true
but I think we all assume that's true
right so I don't see he's gonna get
approval to form a militia to fight the
cartels because the government is more
Pro cartel than anti but it's
interesting isn't it
it's interesting that the the topic has
been raised because again I think you're
gonna see militias formed whether it's
this guy or you know some of the
Americans I would guess you are going to
see militias formed to fight the cartels
and those militias might be well-armed I
don't know if you caught this but there
was a story the other day just recently
in which the US military was doing some
war games in which they had a standard
set of troops facing off in a war game
against troops that had drones that they
could control and robots so I don't know
what form the robots took but imagine
that they're like little tanks or
something you know they weren't robots
with feet but I think they were like
motorized robots
I'm guessing and they would war game it
time after time and time again who do
you think won between the mechanized
robot army using current equipment that
it wasn't a futuristic it was stuff we
already have who won between the
conventional army and the robot
mechanized army robots what percentage
of the time did the robots with the
humans beat just the humans a hundred
percent that's not even the good part
they they won a hundred percent of the
battles because they had better drones
and robots that's not even the
interesting part here's the interesting
part how many troops human troops did
the side that use robots lose in the war
games every time none none zero
they ran consider they ran repeated war
games of a conventional army presumably
you know a high-end conventional army
against our forces with some drones and
robots and our forces lost zero people
not now
now take that concept and imagine that a
let's say mercenary and or volunteer
militia gets a hold of some good stuff
and knows how to use it could a militia
with robots and drones eliminate the
cartels
well the cartels are an understanding
force like a standing military force but
at least raises the question you know if
we could identify who they are is that
all you need are the cartels even hiding
I don't think they are right the cartels
come in to city centers with with these
you know trucks that are fortified and
have machine guns on the back if you are
so out
yeah they had yeah they have the cartels
have armored trucks with machine guns
that they'll drive through a city
apparently unabashedly if we can
identify them and there's a militia that
has drones and robots and the militia
might lose zero people the cartels might
lose a lot so those are some forces that
are all coming together here's the the
dumbest to take I saw from somebody
named Pam Keith who had been some kind
of Democratic politician who didn't make
it I guess I don't think she got elected
but I don't know she's whatever she's a
Democrat let's just say that's the part
I know she's a Democrat and she tweets
the thing with this whole circle game
 talking about the cadets we're
doing the circle game symbol is that
every one of those guys knew in capital
knew it would be seen as a white power
symbol and didn't care they aren't
stupid just racist they lack honor do
you buy that take do you think that the
young men the cadets who were making the
little okay symbol
that apparently the Reis the
investigation found out that they were
just playing a game they were playing
the the circle game or if somebody sees
you making that gesture you can punch
them in the arm which apparently is a
universally known game for a long time
lots of kids play I have confirmed now
do you think that they knew according to
this Democrat Pam Keith that it would be
seeing as a white power symbol and they
did it anyway on national television
first of all that's the most crazy idea
I've ever seen but let me say on top of
that anything any prediction like let me
say it a different way the worst take on
any public situation like this the worst
opinion you could put on it is that
these young people were smart and
well-informed in the same way that you
are as an adult
that's the worst take the worst take is
that these what 18 year olds were wise
they're not wise there are no why is 18
year olds there no 8 if you took 10 18
year olds and said how many of you know
that that okay symbol is considered a
white power side how many of and if 10
of those kids would have known that
close to zero I would think don't you I
feel like the number is close to zero
maybe one at attend but it take like
this that says with confidence and in
public oh yeah they know what they were
doing first of all is mind reading that
is one of my clever Twitter followers
pointed out that it's just pure mind
reading there's no there's no possible
way that this stranger could know what
these kids were thinking but one thing
we can say for sure they're at an age
where their brains are not developed
fully and that the average the average
person in eighth age would certainly not
know that doing that sign would be a
white supremacist sign this is sort of
thing in fact the only people who know
that are news junkies if you were not a
news junkie
you wouldn't know about that okay sign
thing would you test it at home when
you're with your family ask your family
members just your random family members
every age how many people have ever
heard of that as being a white power
symbol while you'll find is that your 3
or 4 you know uncles and aunts who watch
the news all know it and then you'll
find that most of the world doesn't
watch the news at all
how many 18 year-olds watched the news
almost none yes probably like 3 percent
so in your own family you can test it
you'll find that most of your family
doesn't watch the news that would be
true for most of you I think and they
don't know that so this is just the
worst take the kids are well informed
and smart all right what else we got
going on here I think we hit some
highlights let me just check my notes oh
no there's one other thing that's really
good coming in happening so Hong Kong
protesters who are a plucky and I it's a
group who have certainly earned our
respect what do you now say if you're a
Hong Kong resident and you're standing
up against China you know that's not
going to end well for you I mean these
people have guts some serious guts Hong
Kong is also well-educated that's the
real risk China is not dealing with a
bunch of idiots China is not dealing
with cowards China is dealing with
brilliant people who are very brave if
you ever get in a battle you don't want
to do it with brilliant people who are
also very brave and that appears to be
the Hong Kong profile brilliant and
brave braver than I would have expected
them to be we don't know where this this
goes but to my point the Hong Kong
protesters just made a really good play
they held a pro-democracy rally in
solidarity with China's we Gers is that
the smartest thing you've ever heard
so the Hong Kong is trying to expand
their grievance to include the weaker
Muslim minority population that China is
putting in concentration camps and
torturing and assigning rapists to their
wives who are still back home this this
is actually happening a million we are
in concentration camps
so Hong Kong has said there with the we
Gers how smart is that because now you
won't be able to talk about Hong Kong if
they keep it up let's see if they
maintain this but if they keep it up
they will tie their faiths together in a
way that the world will see for the
first time in a different light if you
let me put it in this light if harm Kong
just said oh we're just Hong Kong we
just want to solve our own problem which
is we need more more freedom and more
rights how do you feel about that well
you probably want the Hong Kong people
to have more freedom and more rights but
it doesn't really it's not really
tugging at your heart string is it I
mean I feel for them but there are some
problems in the world that just look
bigger than other ones you know when you
hear about the Hong Kong stuff about
China can you know take somebody to
China and try them or whatever there was
original problem you think yourself yeah
but how many people is active in effect
you know there there's something about
the Hong Kong thing that lacked an
emotional trigger it was you know I
think we most of us all of us probably
support them but it didn't have that
really hard string kind of emotional
thing and now they just tied their fate
to the Uighur when you think of the
Uighur you have a whole different
feeling this is the Holocaust it's
happening right now and anybody who said
never again well you it's happening
right now so if you were let me say this
if you happen to be Jewish and you're
not talking about this wig or situation
every day you've lost all credibility it
doesn't have to be every day but you
know the point right if you're Jewish
and you're saying the Holocaust never
again which we're totally on board with
that and you watch it another Holocaust
happened right in front of your nose no
question about it no doubt about it
there's no no conflict in it you're
watching it if you're not complaining
about that you've got a consistency
problem all right now the Hong Kong
people by tying their fate to the Uighur
in a sense have shown you where where
things can go if you don't stop them so
now you're starting to think about the
Hong Kong people not as people who let's
say if they cave into China maybe most
of them will never even have an impact
but now you start thinking about the we
curse were literally rounded up and put
in concentration camps now what do you
think is going to happen to the Hong
Kong protesters if China ends up getting
everything they want all those Hong Kong
protesters have been captured on facial
recognition China's going to take care
of them so the size of China's
concentration camps could double if the
Hong Kong situation goes the wrong way
it'll be a different concentration camp
but you know they're gonna use the Hong
Kong residents for parts that's just the
fact they're using the flawed following
god of people for executions on demand
and then selling their body parts that's
also been confirmed so what do you think
they're going to do with the Hong Kong
protesters if they if they get
everything they want it's going to look
like selling body parts and it's going
to look like a concentration camp that's
where those people are going to end up
so tying tying the we Gers to the hong
kong thing very strong play have you
noticed we don't hear as much from Carl
Bernstein lately I heard on Fox and
Friends they were making the same point
how happy are you that you're not
watching Carl Bernstein say that's for a
sudden Watergate because it turns out
that everything that Carl Bernstein told
us was going to happen or was happening
was just all wrong and he's turned into
basically the biggest joke I would say
Carl Bernstein
probably has the worst reputational hit
in all of this for the pundit you know
news class I don't I don't know how he
can show himself in public after being
that wrong for that long but I'm sure
we'll see him again all right well
that's all I got for now and I will give
you my advice again when your relatives
are showing Glee for getting this
president impeached congratulate them
they got something and you didn't lose
anything so let's have a great holiday I
will talk to you again before Christmas
of course every day and I will see you
all later