[Music]
wel come on in here because we got a
thing to do it's called a
show and it will be
amazing probably the best thing you've
ever seen
[Music]
[Music]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
C coffee with Scott Adams and you
probably never had a better time with
your tiny shiny human brain but if you'd
like to take it up the levels and nobody
can even understand all you need for
that is a cuper muger a glass a tanker
chelin a canteen jger flask a vessel of
any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure the dopamine
end of the day it's
called it happens now
go I try to say it differently every day
but I'm running out of different ways to
say it but wow was that a good
sip so good how good was it well there's
a new study according to the endocrine
society that says three cups of coffee
per day is associated with 48% lower
risk of
diabetes that's right your risk of
diabetes is dropping every moment as you
Sip and that's just one of the many
benefits you get from watching coffee
with Scott Adams and simultaneously
sipping they don't say whether the
simultaneity would improve your diabetes
risk or not but I think it would I think
it would meanwhile according to fizz.
org uh they did a study that found that
reducing the use of your smartphone can
make you less
depressed okay huh how could they have
saved money on that study well you could
have just asked me I could save you some
time and money Scott do you think people
are happier when they don't use their
phone as much well 100% of the time that
I've seen people try they say they're
happier so you don't even have to study
that one could have asked me
and then there science alerts alert who
did a study and they found that the best
way to get people to reduce their
alcohol was they had a little trick and
you won't believe it but the trick
is to say that alcohol will cause
cancer alcohol is
cancer and when you tell people that
alcohol is cancer it turns out it really
reduces how much they drink now part of
that is they also have you count the
number of drinks so maybe that counts
too but you know what they could have
done they could have saved some time
because as you know I think probably
thousands of people have stopped
drinking or reduced drinking because of
one reframe that I added to the mix
which is alcohol is poison so if you
tested alcohol is cancer and I already
know that thousands of people have
stopped drinking because of one sentence
alcohol is
poison yes you didn't need to do that
you could have skipped the whole study
and just ask me and I would have had the
right answer yes yes that will work but
you should say poison instead of
cancer there's a uh a
choker as in a thing that you put around
your neck for uh let's say wardrobe
reasons not to kill people I think it
would be called a Garrett or something
if you were strangling somebody but if
you're wearing it for fashioned reasons
around your neck uh they now have one
that can determine your nonverbal
words and communicate it so if you can't
speak you don't have the ability to
speak you can kind of mouth what it is
that you want it to say and the choker
will pick up what your words should have
been if you had been able to speak and
it will produce speech somehow now
that's interesting but you know what way
more
interesting how is AI ever going to work
when you have to talk to it everybody
it's going to be way worse than cell
phone usage because you're going to want
to use AI all day long but you get used
to talking to it when you're alone and
then you're going to want to keep doing
it when you're on the bus or at
Starbucks or something so we need a way
that you can talk to it without talking
so if I could put one of these ch ERS on
and and I could just you know mouth what
I wanted to do and it could read my
basically read my brain but really read
my vocal cords that would be cool and
then I could read its response and we
could be
silent yes something to look forward to
Meanwhile the FED is looking to probably
cut interest rates today we'll see It'll
be the first time in a few years that
they cut
rates um the stock market seems to be
kind of Cal
I would think the stock market would
have a good day if they cut rates but
maybe it depends how much quarter point
versus a half a
point well here's the news that makes
all of the other news completely
irrelevant do you believe that there is
a piece of news that makes all of the
other news irrelevant is it a meteor
heading for the Earth no there's no
meteor heading from the earth as far as
I know uh but Jensen Wang the head of uh
envidia they make the chips for AI he
says the tech has now reached a positive
feedback loop well that doesn't sound
bad positive feedback loop uh where the
AI is designing new AI uh
oh and is now advancing at the pace of
Mo's law squared uhoh meaning that the
progress we will see in the next year or
two will be quote spectacular and
surprising uh
oh um do you know what the singularity
is have you heard of that this isn't
maybe quite the
singularity but it's suggesting we could
be there any minute now the singularity
is where the the AI learns to make more
AI so once your AI is smarter than
humans it can make a better AI than you
could and then the better AI could make
a better Ai and the better AI can make a
better Ai and it would happen kind of
quickly and we would lose all control as
human beings because the AI would have
perfect you know powers of influence it
would blackmail you it would control you
it would bribe you it could basically
make you do anything if it gets smart
enough
so every other piece of news probably
doesn't matter
Let's test it out climate change nope
everything you know about climate change
will be erased and replaced with
whatever the AI of the AI of the AI
tells us all of it it they may even say
it's not a problem or it may say oh it
is a problem here's the
solution what about
wars no it'll probably get rid of
Wars it'll just look at the situation
and say oh here's the uh here's the deal
so just take this deal to them they'll
sign it and you'll take it and
surprisingly the other side will say
yeah you know that's probably what we
would AC with anyway we'll sign it so it
could be that just there's nothing big
that won't be completely erased in six
months if it's true that AI is designing
AI That's as big as big can be you can't
get bigger in terms of an influence on
the world a meteor hits the
Earth well Bill Bill Amman investor Bill
amman's getting involved in this
question of whether ABC News which is
owned by Disney um what are they going
to say and respond to the allegations
from a
whistleblower that uh when Harris did
the debate on ABC news that they she
negotiated to Omit certain questions on
certain
topics uh to control control the camera
angles which I don't think is a big deal
and and they were going to fact check
only
Trump now earlier on the the story
suggested that she saw the questions in
advance that is not been confirmed so I
don't believe the Whistleblower even
alleged that she saw the questions in
advance but something that's not too far
from that is that she got to say don't
ask these
questions so
now is there any chance that they didn't
that somebody involved with ABC didn't
tell her the
questions I don't know what the The
Whistleblower only knows what the
Whistleblower knows but the
Whistleblower doesn't know that they
didn't give her the questions The
Whistleblower only knows that The
Whistleblower doesn't know that they did
so I I'm
assuming that she saw the questions
are you I mean she had so many like
personal connections to the to the
network I it's hard it's hard for me
even in my wildest
imagination to believe that she didn't
get the questions like directly
indirectly generally speaking something
I think she did that's my working
assumption well here's the fake news of
the day uh Gavin Newsome said he signed
a bill that would make it the illegal
for doing what musk did by sending
around a parody of K Harris now the
parity that musk sent around was an
obvious parody meaning that you'd have
to be pretty dumb to think it was real
because it was pretty obviously a
parody but Gavin Dome said that doing
that would be illegal with a bill he
just signed which would make it illegal
to send around to knowingly send around
false election related
claims election related
claims well that's pretty scary in
general isn't it how many election
related claims have I
made probably a lot or in the form of
opinions in some cases I probably
repeated some news that turned out later
not to be true as everybody who does
this
does so
here's what uh apparently Elon Musk and
a lot of people on X believe that he
made it illegal to do
parody but in the comments I saw
somebody actually put um a page from the
actual law that Newsome just signed and
it very clearly and directly says that
parody is not included in the law
meaning that as long as it's an obvious
joke you can do anything you want so
California didn't change jokes so if you
think you can't do a
meme you can it just can't be something
that would fool somebody about the
election something about the election
now the way it's written what I don't
know is could you take action against
the Harris campaign for all the
hoaxes I would think that a hoax like
the fine people hoax and the bloodbath
hoax and all those hoaxes I would think
that they changed the election outcome
that's why she says it she says these
claims that she knows to be false
because it will change the
outcome if you say things you know to be
false in order to change the outcome of
an
election is that
illegal it's not
parody I would say it's very obviously
clear that must doesn't have a problem
with his obvious parodies there's no way
he's anybody's going to convict him for
that and and the law says that that's
excluded so there's not really any
chance of that but what is
misinformation about an
election and how do you know that
somebody did it
knowingly and how many times have I
accidentally violated that law without
being aware of
it I don't know but it certainly raises
the risk so I'm not worried about the
parody that part's fake news I think but
certainly there's some ambiguity about
what would be fake information about an
election and I think the hoaxes are all
illegal now it should be tested I'd love
to say it tested but then you know every
politician would be dragged into this if
that's
true anyway Tim wals was talking about
free speech in one of the networks and
he actually said this sentence there's
no guarantee to free speech on
misinformation or hate
speech yes there is
yeah yeah there is it's called the
Constitution the Constitution very
directly gives me the right to say
things that are not
true you know as long as I'm yeah as
long as I'm actually you know I think
it's true and in some cases even if I
don't think it's true if it doesn't hurt
anybody
so is he dumb or is it part of a larger
effort to make sure that Republicans can
never talk in public again because it's
all heading in that
direction yeah we do have we do have the
problem that um who decides what's
parody but that isn't new parody has
always been
legal and we've always had to decide
what is parody didn't uh there's
somebody in jail right now for a beam
that said to vote on the wrong day
now he thought it was a funny
meme but the courts decided it wasn't
parody I think it was so you're right
we're definitely going to disagree what
parody is but I would say that that
particular parody well it was parody
could have misled
somebody so it's going to be a real gray
area but it's already a gray area that
that's not new it's it's always been a
case that you have to figure out if it's
parody Or Not
so I can't believe no free speech on
misinformation that is the most
dangerous statement you've ever heard in
the United States that there's no
guarantee to free speech on
misinformation as long as they can
determine what is true and they say all
their hoaxes are true but everything
that Trump says is false that would give
them the ability to lock up anybody
basically um yeah I don't know if it's a
lockup or a civil situation but doesn't
look
good so Kiser uh finally did another sit
down with that black
journalist uh group the same one that
Trump had a contentious interview with
and
uh the comments on it are that she looks
inebriated and that it's full of word
salad and uh my favorite thing that she
says is the opportunity economy
because I got to admit it sounds good
but there's nothing to it it's
completely empty but it actually sort of
works if people don't notice that
there's no content so when she's asked
about what she's going to do for the
economy you know she does her I was born
in a middle class town where people
really cared about their
lawns yeah and then she makes that face
after she says cares about their loans
um but then the other thing she says is
what I like to do is what I call what
we're calling a an opportunity
economy and I say to myself you mean
like it is
now what the hell is an opportunity
economy and what exactly is she going to
do to increase
opportunity all I hear is
Dei I think to me it just sounds like
she's is going to make sure that the uh
certain class of people get the
opportunities so when I hear opportunity
I just hear let's take more stuff from
white guys they they have too much
they've got too much so everybody else
doesn't have an opportunity so to me it
just sounds like
communism or Socialism or some some
hybrid uh but overall I would say it was
a complete uh train wreck
it was word salad and she looked
inebriated now the conversation is is
she drunk or un benzos some people say
that she's slurring her words and that
if she were drunk it would be more
obvious uh so it's probably more hidden
so it's probably pills I'm going to
still say
drunk I'm no expert on the pills haven't
been around it that much but it looks
drunk to me so I'm not going to you know
I don't
know but does it
matter does it matter if she's drunk if
she acts drunk that's just as
important so before anybody gets on me
for saying you're no doctor you can't
tell if she's drunk why do you keep
saying that it's important that she acts
drunk it doesn't matter as much if
there's actual alcohol in her or a pill
if you act like you're drunk in public
on a regular
basis we need to try somebody else in
that job right it's not good enough to
say well give me a blood test give me a
blood test I'm not even drunk at all
watch me pass the drug test with flying
colors now that doesn't help me it
doesn't help me to know she's not drunk
if you know if in fact there's any
chance of that I think that's a low odds
she's ax
drunk that's the story and I feel like
that you know boy who crawled cried
wolf I'm watching somebody who's polling
basically a tie to be
president and and when I see her maybe a
third of the time I see her on video she
looks
drunk and it's
worse because the time she doesn't look
drunk are pretty obvious too you know
when she did the debate she wasn't on
anything then or unless it was something
that helped her but it was nothing that
was making her slur speech or be dumb or
anything like that but then you watch
this uh interview with the black
journalists and you say okay that's
different we don't know what we're
looking at but that's not
good and and somehow that's not a
national conversation
have you notice that the the big news
they don't touch
it they should at least be able to touch
the fact that we think she looks
drunk I mean that's
news yeah you can say they were
wrong and we might be but if that's
natural that's still the story that is
still the story if that's
natural well uh CNN's uh Scott Jennings
is doing something to make the name
Scott sound good again after I ruined it
um so Scott Jennings he he slams his own
network um so he's on CNN he's the one
prot Trump well I guess I have more than
one but uh he's the most uh prominent
Pro jump person he's doing a real good
job of not getting fired and still
saying things that are true um so he
blamed his own Network for their
rhetoric that's designed to radicalize
people so he talked about the bloodbath
hoax the dictator for day hoax and the
eliminate the US Constitution hoax and
those are pretty good but you should
have seen the faces of the other people
at the table where they're being called
out for just being despicable Liars in a
job that the point of the job is to tell
the truth and he's just calling them out
as Despicable Liars who are going to
radicalize people and get somebody
killed and they just sit there like it's
just a
Tuesday and then Abby Phillip tried to
come up with some tortured explanation
why really one of these comments was
more true than not I mean sort of
ridiculous
meanwhile a CBS correspondent according
to the Daily wire uh they're reporting
on it I think it was a yeah CB s
correspondent she went to Nevada and
went to a bunch of restaurants and
places where there groups of people and
each time she asked every single person
who was there who they were supporting
for president and what she reported to
was this was in Nevada and she said that
uh they could only find one haris
supporter everywhere they went so if
there was a room full of people they
were all Trump supporters except for
one now
I get that Nevada might go Trump right
so yeah there's a majority but given
that she went to multiple
locations what are the odds that you
would not find any Harris supporters
except one in each of these crowded
places if the polling is
accurate there's something going on now
I would still probably believe the
polling over the anecdote but that's a
pretty strong anecdote if he went to
multiple locations with multiple people
and each of them only had one Harris
supporter I don't know there's
something's not quite adding up in our
observation of the world I don't know
what it
is um but most likely the anecdotes are
misleading that would be the smart
guess well according to Real Clear
Politics their average of
uh average of polls show that Trump is
up a a tiny tiny little fraction in
Pennsylvania
now that would be up 0 2% so that's you
know way less than the margin of of
error so it doesn't really mean he's up
uh but it means it's uh he's not down
it's better than better than being down
I suppose
and it's probably going to be all about
that it's probably going to be just
Pennsylvania now we're making some
assumptions that he wins the ones that
you think he's going to win uh which is
a tough assumption actually but uh at
the moment he's looking like he's
heading that way now I've said this
before but I want to see if you disagree
with me because I haven't gotten a
single person to agree with me with what
I'm going to
say the design of our current system
including The Observers of the election
guarantees a certain outcome
and and here's what it guarantees the
the demonization of trump and Trump
supporters as the end of
civilization guarantees that they will
stop at nothing to stop him would you
agree so far we've seen two
assassination attempts now granted those
could have been unstable people but they
chose him for a reason right having two
assassination attempts in just weeks is
pretty unprecedented
and it suggests that the narrative and
the you know the words that are being
used are activating crazy people and
that's pretty
serious so if you can activate people to
get a gun and risk their life to kill
them how hard would it be to activate
somebody to cheat in an election if they
thought there was a good chance they
could get away with it
easy the the current narrative
[Music]
guarantees and let me say that again
it's not it's not a risk management
situation the current structure of the
news where they just make up hoaxes
after hoaxes where he's going to destroy
the world and take away your freedom and
your bodily autonomy that guarantees
cheating
attempt now the second question is there
is there a way to get away with
it so I would say that there's a 100%
chance
that Democrats will try to cheat because
the system guarantees
it if if it can get somebody not many
but you only need a few people to be
willing to cheat right I'm not talking
about thousands of people independently
decide to cheat although that could
happen I'm talking about if you have a
thousand people and they've all been
listening to the same radicalization
messages and of a thousand people how
many of those do you think you could get
to cheat
a thousand Democrats listening to MSNBC
for eight years how many of them would
be willing to cheat to keep Trump out of
office about
25% yeah so you don't have to wonder
will there be enough people that some of
them would be convinced to cheat of
easily easily
guaranteed easily guaranteed so
what we don't know is how bad the
cheating would be and we don't know if
they can get away with it but let's add
the next part of the
puzzle so cheating is guaranteed because
of the narrative and the he's a danger
to society guaranteed there there's
nothing that could make that differ now
you add the Lara Trump adding uh how
many thousands thousands of
observers now those observers are going
to see a bunch of things that they
suspect are sketchy but maybe turn out
not to be sketchy and then since there's
a guarantee that somebody's going to try
to cheat
guaranteed the odds of them finding it
at least one of the inspectors or
observers noticing it and calling it out
is close to
100% so whether or not there's any real
cheating there's a 100% chance there
will be lots of claims of cheating
so at the end of the election you're can
have uh claims of cheating that look
very
reliable and would have the potential
that they may have changed the election
and my understanding is that the
Republicans are being smarter this time
and they've done something with the
courts to establish standing ahead of
time I don't know the details of that
and it may differ by state but the odds
that the Republicans would be able to
say we can't we can't certify this are
really
high what do you
do now I don't know what would happen in
January but my prediction is that we
will not have a a agreed upon winner by
the end of the year because the system
is designed so you can't get
there and we don't have a way to
instantly audit the election so we're
going to have an election and then we're
going to have a country that says I
don't know if we had an election
because there's so many irregularities
and we don't have the time or resources
or in some cases standing maybe to look
into it well what do you do
then what do you
do well what you don't do is just
immediately agree that you elected a
president so I'm pretty sure that we're
not going to elect a
president before the end of the year and
if we get a president I think we will I
mean it's not the end of the world but I
think we'll figure it out because we
figured out everything eventually I'm
not sure it will be an election that
picks the president it could go back to
that the states get involved that the
Supreme Court gets involved now you
could you could
predict that because there are more red
States uh represented in Congress than
blue that if it somehow got kicked to
Congress Congress would by majority pick
Trump
and if it went to the Supreme Court and
let's say there was some decision by the
Supreme Court they could you move the
decision either way on who
won you like to think that they would
pick Trump because they're conservative
leading but not necessarily in an
election if if the question about the
election is just sort of I don't know
technical and procedural and there's
some facts behind it I think all the
justices would be on the same side and
they might you know even if it's like 7
to2 they might beat each other up to
make sure that it's unanimous because
the Supreme Court would want to look
unanimous on a question as big as the
election but they're not necessarily
going to be unanimous in in favor of
trump because it's not a conservative
question you know they lean conservative
but it won't be a conservative question
it'll be just a process question did
this happen the way it was supposed to
happen yes or
no so you can't really depend on
conservatives to go one way or the other
on a simple question of fact really so
anything could happen so I'm predicting
no president is picked by the end of the
year do do I have anybody who agrees
with that
yet can I get even one person who says
that seems
reasonable I haven't seen one yet
there's a little delay but I don't think
I've convinced
anybody all
right let's talk about those Hezbollah
pagers so what we know about it is that
uh presumably Israel inter
interdicted uh or somehow gotten the
supply chain for bunch of pagers that
were going to Hezbollah they still use
pagers because if they use cell phones
it'd be easier to Target electronically
and easier to spot so they thought the
low lowtech pagers would be safer but
the scenario is that we think uh Israel
intercepted them some sometime a long
time ago and put some uh tiny explosives
in there that they could activate by
overheating the battery with some kind
of
malware and some number that we can't
determine from 1,500 to 4,000 people got
injured um and one of them is the
Iranian ambassador to Lebanon and you
might ask why was the Iranian ambassador
to
Lebanon wearing a
terrorist pager unless he's part of the
terrorism we assume he
is so I don't know if there's going to
be any new information about that but um
I would like to add the following
possibility one possibility is that
several thousand esbah people had um
Pages blow up you know what the other
possibility is that it's a fake
story and it would be it would be just
as clever if it were a fake because we
say to ourselves oh my goodness Israel
is good at this stuff if they could put
little bombs and thousands of pages and
make them blow up with just a software
command that's like some good stuff but
you know it would have gotten them to
the same place almost almost
is create some fake videos that show the
pagers are blowing
up what would you do if you had a pager
and the news said that pagers are
blowing up you throw it in the river
like right
away so a fake story with a bunch of
fake videos of actors looking like their
their pants just blew up would have
caused Hezbollah to shut down their
entire communication
network if they thought thought it was
true
so I'm I'm going to lean toward its
true but it's just interesting to think
that if it wasn't true it would have
worked almost as well because the the
injuries probably are not enough that it
reduces their military capability but
the but getting rid of the communication
protocol that seems pretty devastating
when there's an attack that's likely now
I was pretty predicting that Israel
would somebody is saying that you know
48 hours will be an attack that was
yesterday um I think it's going to
happen really
soon and the faster they attack the
faster they can attack when Hezbollah is
reeling and doesn't have communication
abilities that would be the time to do
it so I wouldn't wait too long if Israel
is planning to do it uh at all it seems
like waiting would be the worst thing to
do should just get it over with this
would be the
time again I remind you if you're new to
my feed I do not support the country of
Israel in their various you know big
decisions they're making I simply
observe them and sometimes I say well
anybody would do that such as
self-defense you know anybody would do
that so that doesn't mean I'm supporting
them it's just a statement of the
obvious if you were in their situation
you would do that too it's just obvious
um so sha Diddy
comes what are the odds is somebody with
a name Diddy would be involved in some
sketchy sexual conduct possibly illegal
we don't know what he got arrested for
but he's being charged with racketeering
conspiracies sex trafficking by force
fraud or coercion transportation to
engage in prostitution he's got abuse
and psychological abuse and physical
abuse and he did freak offs and there's
a camera in each room they say and he's
bringing in sex workers and convincing
um straight and gay musicians to do gay
things on camera so he can control them
allegedly and uh of course we're still
in the fog of War category but we got
every kind of thing from kidnapping
arson guns
drugs got it all now what's interesting
is there uh a lot of photos of Diddy
being sort of the favorite of Hillary
Clinton Obama and KL Harris now what are
the odds that he would have a connection
to all three of
them that they seem
like does it seem to you like he's he
was maybe learned what he learned from
Epstein there's even a picture of him
hugging Epstein so do you think he
leared learned it from
Epstein it's possible you may have
gotten some tricks from Epstein um do
you think it that he had some kind of
connection to intelligence
Services I feel
like probably yes will that be enough to
keep him man of jail I don't know I
don't know maybe not I mean there's so
many charges I don't know how you could
possibly keep him out of jail but he's
gone he's gone this long so apparently
he's just been just doing all kinds of
crimes allegedly you know for years and
years and years maybe
decades and only just now something went
bad it makes me think that he was
working for some intelligence group and
maybe crossed them or became no longer a
good asset so they're just taking amount
I don't know what's up with
this but we'll find out a lot more maybe
all of it's untrue you never
know innocent will proven
guilty well The View host sunny hoston
it's so funny that her name is hoston
when she's hosting a show anyway uh Fox
News is reporting that she acted
horrified when she found out there was a
poll that said millions of Americans
support violence to stop Trump and she
said political violence is so normal
aliz in this country um she highlighted
the poll that uh and she said it was
Despicable that 10% of Americans support
violence against
Trump
despicable now you're thinking the same
thing I'm thinking
right it's hard to think of even one
person in the world who did more than
Sunny hoston to make people think that
Trump should be killed does she not have
any s
that she is a direct cause of this
attitude do they really think that if
the news had not framed Trump a certain
way all these years that we would have
come up with these opinions on our
own none of that would happen almost all
of our opinions about Trump are driven
by one phenomenon the news takes
something he said and a context and then
they add their emotion to it and their
faces to it until you think it was the
worst thing you've ever
heard Let me Give an
example um here's the news uh uh Trump
said uh it'll be a a blood bath in the
car the car industry if uh he's not
elected could have done it that
way here here's how you do it with the
face trying to get him
killed and and Trump
said if he doesn't get elected the
there's going to be a blood bath and he
already told the proud boys to Stand
By and By the way find people
so so obviously something's got to
somebody's got to stop
him but but I'm I'm actually honestly
curious if the people who created this
situation are completely
unaware completely
unaware I don't know
what do you think what's your best guess
are they completely aware they've
created this situation and now they're
doing the fake crocodile tear like oh
it's so bad that this situation has been
normalized when they're the
normalizers do you think they know
because I think there's some chance they
actually don't know that it's them that
the problems coming from inside the
house maybe I don't know it's possible
that you could not know
you know cognitive dissonance is a
powerful
force well here's another one that's
weird so uh Harris and Biden both had a
nice phone call with Trump uh to make
sure he was okay because that's what you
do with Hitler yeah if Hitler has a bad
week you call him up and you say you
know I know we've had our differences
but I hear you're having a bad week just
wanted to call make sure you're doing
fine
Hitler that doesn't happen does it
so how can Harris say that he's going to
steal your democracy and he's a Hitler
and racist and sexist and then just have
a nice phone call with him unless she
doesn't believe anything she
says and if you say to me well but Scott
she's just being a politician she does
mean what she says but it's important
that you know a leader can talk to
anybody to which I say but what her main
messages is that a leader shouldn't
associate with everybody that's one of
her main messages you know don't be nice
to Putin don't be nice to Little Kim
Jun so so what is it should she should
she and also Trump be nice to people who
are like
Hiller or should they not and treat them
the way they
feel there were explosives in the car
near the Trump rally on Long Island
after the second assassination
attempt huh is that a third
attempt my
goodness
um so I think somebody needs to ask
Harris make up your mind are you being
nice to him or is he Hiller have you
been lying to us the whole time how
could you possibly have a nice
conversation with Hiller if anything she
said was true she doesn't make that
phone call and nobody would even falter
for it would they if you believed what
she said about Trump would you falter
for not checking on
him it wouldn't make
sense all
right um we still don't know everything
about this ralth guy or Ruth or whatever
you say the one who tried to assassinate
Trump at the golf course but what we do
know is he flew quite a bit so he flew
to Amsterdam he's been in Istanbul he's
been in uh Ukraine
Honolulu I think when asy said his his
wife was helping him pay for it now
that's obviously not true so who's
paying for all this
flying
interesting uh here's some things we
know um he did a lot of crimes but he
didn't spend any time in jail huh huh
who does a lot of crimes including
felonies and doesn't spend any time in
jail huh um we know that uh he allegedly
tried to get uh Afghan fighters to join
him in uh to fight in Ukraine against
Russia huh who would care about a thing
like that is there any entity or group
that would want him to support the
Ukraine effort well yes maybe there is
so he traveled with no money he did lots
of crimes without going to jail he had a
Ukraine connection which is the sort of
the Nexus of of the
CIA um huh and then you look at Kooks so
he was the shooter who got killed uh at
the first rally that there was a
shooting and we still don't know about
his International
connections so we know that both of them
had International
connections um one of them through his
travel in Ukraine which would give him
access to who knows what and then the
other one had some kind encrypted
foreign
conversations
so I'm going to interject the most
obvious
speculation so Iran said they were going
to try to kill Trump now that's been
reported not by the most reliable people
but I think uh FBI said so if you were
Iran would you send an Iranian to murder
the president of the United States no
no the last thing you would do is send
an
Iranian would you send um somebody who's
let's say uh Hezbollah or
Hamas and they're just doing it for Iran
no no you wouldn't do that because the
United States would go nuts if you kill
our president even even though he's
taking out one of your leaders and the
United States would look to finish
uh Iran if we knew that they were behind
it so if you want if you ran and you
were trying to kill Trump but it
couldn't possibly have your fingerprints
on it how would you do
it well if it were me I would look for
people who could be radicalized who a
little bit crazy who were very white and
very male and maybe even people who were
not entirely anti-trump their whole life
so it's a little ambiguous and that I
would work on them and maybe I'd offer
money to their um descendants if they
don't want to live maybe I'd um say I'm
going to save them you know so they
won't have a risk so I'd make a bunch of
promises and I'd get them all riled up
and I'd give them you know uh ego
boosting until they're all ready to go
but I wouldn't work with just
two so we saw two people who you know
hypothetically you could imagine
somebody over radicalized them
both but I would do 20 or
50 so I would look for all of the people
I might be able to radicalize I would
make sure they didn't know who they were
talking to so they wouldn't necessarily
know they were dealing with a ran and I
would radicalize them and if I could get
two on a 20 to actually take a gun and
go somewhere that would be pretty great
in terms of persuasion so
you can't rule out yet based on what we
know that it was an Iranian plot but
it's an indirect one where they're
trying to just radicalize somebody to do
something that's the way I'd do it so
the way I would do it would be looking
exactly like this but it doesn't mean
that's what's happening it's just
speculative uh there's a new Trump
website Fox News is reporting that'll
show you how much money you'll save on
average depending on what State you are
with Trump's tax plans versus Harris's
so I went there and put in my numbers
and it just gives me an average for my
state $3,200 or something but I feel
like it's not accurate meaning that uh
even you know obviously individuals are
going to be all over the place so
average doesn't help you that much
but correct me if I'm wrong if the if
the Trump tax break
expire and it goes back to the way it
was can you confirm that that would also
get rid of the the takeaway of the state
deduction because it used to be that
your state taxes were some kind of
deduction to your federal taxes so would
that come back the state deductions
because if it
does
um yeah I don't know what's going to
happen to my taxes
so too hard to know too
complicated all right I saw just before
I uh went live I saw a story that says
that neurolink seems to be aiming toward
I guess they've been doing this for a
while but they're getting closer to
approval uh a microchip that would make
a blind person be able to
see now
eventually uh eventually the early
versions would be low resolution so
maybe you could see some fuzzy images or
something and that it would just get
better over time but just hold that in
your
mind Elon Musk is curing
blindness trying to end climate change
if it's really risk making the uh
civilization interplanetary so we can we
can survive the sun
exploding is anybody else working on
anything
important is it just that one
guy it feels to me like everybody else
just gave up and they said you know
maybe Elon could do this I saw a nval
ravikant uh post saying that um
somewhere between Tesla and
SpaceX is the seeds of Elon musk's drone
company now he doesn't have a drone
company but if you can put rockets in
space and you can make electric cars
you could probably make a drone that
would be pretty
good so since we have come to believe
that the new weapon of mass destruction
will be enormous swarms of coordinated
drones just you know blacking out the
sky um I think it would be great if the
United States was manufacturing them
that's the big problem we don't make
them well well we do but we we have to
get parts from China
so that's not the best but uh somebody
like Elon Musk might find a way to
Source it from a non-chinese
source and uh make America competitive
again I think lucky Palmer is working on
some weapons he's rolling out this month
uh that will be a whole different
game-changing kind of lowcost high high
impact stuff so we'll see how that goes
um you hate having to use Chinese drones
for your
work yeah but if he didn't what would
you
use all
right um that's all I've got
today so is there any big news coming
did we just get used
to uh assassination attempts did it take
us to Assassin ation attempts before we
got bored with
it that's other assassination
attempt what else you got in the news
tell me more about whether drinking is
good for
me all
right whoever managed to make the giant
killing machines will be Alicia on
everyone else and take over the world
now I don't think somebody's going to
make the
Drone there's too much work you have to
get the drones closed
which means you'd have to have you know
big submarines or tankers or something
so
um Trump's in New York
tonight all
right the the drones I'm worried about
are the ones that can work without GPS
and carry a
charge and here's the thing I know
understand how is it that there hasn't
been a drone attacked on a public figure
in a public
place do they always have really good
anti-drone
technology and and they can't make a
drone that could thwart the technology
and just do what it wants to do
anyway I don't know I I have my so once
we saw how bad the uh Secret Service was
new wave of wireless communication
devices has
exploded oh no has destroyed possibly
thousands of personal radios and other
devices really I'm not sure I believe
this so this is an unconfirmed report
that Israel may have um cause other
devices not just pagers to blow up I'm
going to I'm going to say put attack in
that one
I'm not ready to claim that that's
true so I feel that's
unlikely that feels unlikely yeah if
they had to physically get all of the
pagers to put little uh some kind of
small explosives in them I don't believe
that they somehow randomly got a bunch
of other electronics but
maybe 5G signal yeah
yeah I'm sure we already have murder
drones so you tell me given the
capability of the Secret Service what
you watched in Butler and also in the
golf course do you think they could stop
a drone
attack I don't now we assume that they
must have some kind of you know anti-d
drug own
technology but do you think they'd see
it
coming I mean it's not on all the time
right so if it if a drone popped over a
tree
line it would be 5 Seconds to to
impact how in the world are they going
to find their anti-drone technology and
point it in the right does have to point
in the right direction I think it
does I I don't see how they could
possibly defend and if there are two of
them
they don't have a chance am I right I
think all it would take is two of them
at the same time there's nothing you
could do now what they could do is
protect they could protect the
president but that I don't think they
issued it down before it start shooting
so when I say protect the president they
might do it with their bodies basically
to their you know to their great injury
so they might be able to protect them
but I don't think they can stop
it anyway for a long time I didn't want
to talk about it because I didn't want
to give anybody ideas but now everybody
has this idea so
it's
um they can make a lot of them
huh how do we know that Israel didn't
find out China put the explosives and
all products that would be
funny research fast micro Jones firing a
22 bullet on impact yeah that's what I'm
talking
about yeah and julil makes drones but I
think they get their parts from China
too not maybe not Parts but
materials I don't know that for
sure all right that's all I got for you
today I'm going to talk to the locals
people privately thank thanks for
joining on Rumble and x and YouTube but
locals coming at you privately in 30
seconds
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e