bum-bum-bum hey everybody it's time for
coffee with scott adams that's me and
pretty soon it will be you hello Blake
hello Yvonne Forrest Stefan good to see
you all I hope you have your beverage do
you have your beverage
where's Joanne Joanne is usually quick
on the buttons here
Edmond hey ray grab you coffee grab your
Stein your copier mug your chalice fill
it with your favorite beverage and join
me for the simultaneous up it comes now
so today will be the tale of three
tweets the first tweet will be the dawn
Don jr. tweet about eating dogs second
one will be AO sees replied to Don jr.
and then we'll talk about president
Trump's tweet about Rex Tillerson we got
the 3 3 good tweets here so I'm gonna
move my monitor a little bit so I can
read to you from my other monitor sorry
about the big hand let's do this ok
that's better so Don jr. he he shared a
meme in which he mocked a OSI Alexandria
occasi Cortes by saying that well let me
just look at the actual tweet so the the
meme asked why are you so afraid of a
socialist economy followed by the answer
because Americans want to walk their
dogs not eat them apparently that's a
reference to Venezuela
so if Venezuela is doing
so poorly with socialism that people are
literally eating dogs so the first thing
that the the first thing we should look
at is how good was the Don Jr tweet I
would say a plus and by the way I don't
want to ruin it for you but all the all
the tweets I'm going to talk about today
are all a plus in terms of getting your
attention being a little more
provocative than you think someone ought
to be and being visual so those are the
things you look for look for something
that's out of the acceptable box but not
so far out somebody goes to jail nobody
gets hurt you know it's just a little
bit inappropriate which is what makes it
so interesting it's why we talk about it
now a dog is very visual eating a dog is
super visual so the Don Jr mean that he
shared was really well weaponized
because it calls out a reference to
Venezuela makes you talk about it so
you're thinking about Venezuela as as
the model of socialism
you're imagining your dog most of us are
probably dog lovers so from a emotional
you know just construction quality the
meme was excellent right so you don't
have to like the message but in terms of
the quality of it they hit all the notes
it was provocative it was visual it goes
to your emotion centers it brings in
Venezuela a plus now here's the fun part
Alexandria decides to respond and let's
look at her response which I've just
lost hold on a second
she tweeted all right I hate when I'm
reading a news story that doesn't show
they tweet they just talk about it
so execs and Rhea says speaking about
Don Junior's tweet she says I have
noticed in her tweets she says I have
noticed the junior here junior here has
a habit of posting nonsense about me
whenever the Muller investigation heats
up please keep it coming junior it's
definitely a quote very very large brain
idea to troll a member of a body that
will have subpoena power and month have
fun so here she goes with the very very
large brain quote which is again visual
now it's she's referring to I believe it
was the president who said that the that
the Chinese negotiators over the trade
agreements had had said that he has a
very very large brain and people laughed
because it's it's such a you know
classic thing for President Trump to say
and so she is using that against them to
to maken now you may know you have noted
that the the Democrats generally use
sarcasm to replace reasons I don't know
if you've noticed that and I'm sure that
it happens on both sides but this seems
it seems more prevalent I could be
biased about this but it seems more
prevalent that instead of giving reasons
for things they will treat it as though
the reasons are obvious and all you have
to add is sarcasm so when she says it's
definitely a very very large brain idea
to troll a member of body so she's using
sarcasm now sarcasm works really well
with her base they love sarcasm it's
like their bread and butter so that
part's good and she also follows the Don
jr. model
the president Trump model which is why
she is so dangerous of saying something
that's so provocative you can't ignore
it
who are we talking about her
who else knows how to do something like
this
president Trump so she's using a very
strong messaging strategy to say things
that are a little farther outside the
box than they need to be especially the
part where she says that it's a bad idea
to troll a member of a body meaning the
house that will have subpoena power in a
month so of course the critic said wait
a minute are you threatening somebody
over a tweet are you threatening to
think somebody to jail over a tweet and
she's not exactly saying that but she's
kind of indicating that annoying the
very people who are gonna decide whether
you get subpoenaed might be a bad idea
so I'd say her tweet is very powerful
for her base hits all the right notes
it's provocative it's a little it seems
a little crazy but not too crazy then
she had to follow up because a lot of
people complained and her second tweet
said and I haven't read this by the way
I'm only seeing it for the first time
for the GOP crying that this is a quote
to threat I don't have power to savita
anybody Congress as a body GOP included
has the power although in this case GOP
will be the minority voters so they
don't really have power
no individual member can issue a
subpoena unless they are a chair which
as a freshman I can assure you will not
be also must be under a purview so I
don't know what most of that means so
that one I would say that follow-up
tweet was weak but her first one was
good because it got our attention that
got us talking
she made us think about the Moller
investigation which is good for her she
made us think about the president's
statement that he has a very very big
brain she turned it into sarcasm which
her team likes pretty good and we're
talking about her that's a win now you
may not be aware that
Rex Tillerson who was fired as Secretary
of State after I don't know however many
months he did it recently gave a public
interview in which he said that one of
the reasons he couldn't work with
President Trump is that the President
had a different moral moral fiber I
guess and that he'd quote asked him to
do something illegal he didn't mention
what that was but the the context here
is that Tillerson was dumping on the
president in a pretty brutal way that's
that is a really brutal thing to say
about your president that he had no you
know moral fiber that Tillerson wanted
he wanted to do illegal things without
any specifics so President Trump being
the counter puncher he is sent this
tweet which I believe you've all seen by
now he said talking about his current
Secretary of State he goes Mike Pompeo
is doing a great job I'm very proud of
him so here he's he's creating contrast
so the contrast is I'm not I don't need
to insult everyone Mike Pompeo I was
doing a great job so that's that's a
good start then he goes his predecessor
Rex Tillerson didn't have the mental
capacity needed he was dumb as a rock
and I couldn't get rid of him fast
enough he was lazy as hell now it is a
whole new ballgame
great spirit estate so here again we see
him crossing the line from polite
behavior into something that you can't
look away from you can't read this tweet
and then it's just just go on with your
day you have to stop what you're doing
and really focus on this one because
it's it's provocative in the way he
likes to do it he takes things further
than anybody's supposed to take it but
that's why you're looking at it so just
like Alexandria yeah he takes it to the
next level where nobody gets killed
nobody gets hurt nobody loses money
but it makes your brain on fire so
that's why it's so good now look for the
look for the visual part of this he said
talking about Tillerson the president
said he was dumb as a rock and also lazy
as hell now I was thinking to myself
imagine Rex Tillerson in your head
alright get a little mental picture of
Rex Tillerson does Rex Tillerson look
like a coffee cup no not really
yeah does Rex Tillerson look like a
squirrel no no there's nothing about him
that looks like a squirrel does Rex
Tillerson look like an automobile no he
doesn't
does Rex Tillerson remind you of a rock
a little bit he's got it he's got sort
of the same shape you know he's got sort
of a blockhead
and he's got that sort of grayish
coloring like a rock you actually see a
rock so once again the president has
picked a visual visual comparison that
when you look at him you just think yeah
I can see it I'm sort of sort of
rock-like and then I went back and of
course I had to watch what Tillerson
said after I'd read this tweet because I
didn't know what sparked it and if you
watch Tillerson talk even in this
interview because he's got a Texas drawl
he has he has the Jeb Bush problem which
is that prior to you telling me that Jeb
Bush was low-energy I just thought he
was a qualified executive who was calm
and cool but the moment you say Low
Energy that's all I can see forever with
Rex Tillerson before you told me he was
lazy as hell according to the president
I would have said well he's in a
successful executive from Exxon you
don't get that job without being a hard
worker you know a real go-getter
but the moment the president says he was
lazy as hell and I looked at Rex
Tillerson talking in the interview I
found myself saying he's talking kind of
slowly he's he's sort of low-energy I
can I can kinda see the lazy thing now
that doesn't mean he's lazy it would be
surprising to me if somebody who had his
resume Rex Tillerson you know was
actually lazy but as a tweet and a and a
punch back because this is a
counterpunch it's really powerful yeah
the the lazy box of rocks comment while
you dumb as a rock comment is great
and then I've told you before that one
of the persuasion things that the
president does I think better than I've
ever seen it done so this specific
persuasion technique I doubt you'll ever
see it done better than this and that is
contrast so he doesn't just tell you
that Tillerson is dumb because if the
tweet said nothing but Rex Tillerson was
dumb and lazy you would say to yourself
there is a president who just calls
everybody dumb and lazy and it would
feel like he was just just insulting
people he didn't like but because he
starts his tweet with Mike Pompeo is
doing a great job I'm very proud of him
he's created this enormous contrast
between doing a good job that he likes
and being on his bad side it's the
biggest contrast you'll ever see and and
it's the size of the contrast that adds
the persuasion right if he had just
talked about one of them without the
other you would miss all the contrast so
the you know he consistently knows how
to build into his persuasion maximum
contrast visual persuasion and taking
things a little bit farther than you
think he should but again just like
Alexandria's tweet just like Don juniors
tweet he didn't take it so far did
anybody gets hurt it's just we can't
look away I should also mention I forgot
to mention this
that in Alexandria's tweet she referred
to Don jr. as just jr. which is a pretty
clever dismissive because just calling
him jr. makes him sound like a child or
something so that's actually pretty good
persuasion too so there there you have
three out of four tweets that were
really well done one was done Jr's
original tweet about socialism making
you eat dogs try to forget that one
right try to get that out of your head
you can't you know if you started
thinking about eating dogs equals
socialism that is some powerful
persuasion so Don jr. gets an A+ then
Alexandria Octavia Cortes replied with a
very clever reply I give her an A+ on
that her response to the first week was
was kind of weak and then the
president's tweet is an absolute a plus
because his his base laughs at it but it
also rings true doesn't it the the thing
about I'll talk about Kevin Hart given
the remind me again if I forget so it
rings true because in the tilt in the
Tillerson regime it doesn't feel like we
got a lot done does it but as soon as
mom Mike Pompeo was on board it felt
like trade negotiations were we're going
our way
and North Korea was acting well it does
feel like Tillerson didn't do the job
that Pompeo did now from our point of
view we can't know that that's true
right we don't really know who did what
we don't know if Pompeo was just there
in the right time and things would have
gone well for for tillers and heavy
State around you don't know that but the
way it looks is that the president has a
good point
that's how it looks now the critics of
the President
or piling on to be I'm on Twitter and
they're using their most powerful weapon
against me sarcasm that's right the
sarcasm trolls have attacked me for my
tweet saying that I would talk about the
president's tweet and they said some
version of this I don't have Dale with
me today so I'll have to do my best
without him some version of all Ascot
you say that the president is so good at
hiring people if he's so good at hiring
people why did he hire somebody like Rex
Tillerson who's dumb as a rock and is
lazy how could he be a good hire if he
hired such a bad person which he now
admits how can you explain that Scott
how can you possibly explain that to
which I say the smartest people I know
will tell you the hiring is mostly
guessing the skill is the firing if you
can't fire people being good at hiring
isn't gonna be good enough because
everybody makes mistakes hiring there's
no exception to that there's no such
thing as a leader who hires only good
people that's not a thing if you were if
you were to tell me that Rex Tillerson
you know being that the head of Exxon
one of the biggest companies in the
world having international connections
having managed massive organizations if
you had told me that he was available to
be Secretary of State I'm pretty sure I
would have hired him if he didn't drool
during his interview the first time I
talked to him because that's that's a
serious resume right on paper Rex
Tillerson should have been pretty great
at that job and I was actually expecting
that you would be now he didn't work out
we'll never know exactly what the
reasons are but he didn't work out he
didn't work with the president well or
he just didn't work well you know nobody
will ever know those details but the
President did get rid of him in a fairly
timely manner
in other words he gave him long enough
to work that he could have a good good
opinion on whether he would be good to
keep and then when it was time to to
fire him he pulled the trigger
so my take on this situation as you saw
excellent leadership hiring him was
probably a good decision given how good
he looked on paper and here's the
important part given the number of
people who would not be willing to work
with the president remember when the
president first took office most of the
most qualified Republicans didn't want
to have anything to do with it and he
sort of had to pick a Republican right
so the pool of people he could pick from
was very small and it was not crazy to
think that somebody with a business
background especially one that powerful
would be a good fit with with the
president that was a pretty reasonable
thing to assume now assuming things
based on good reasons and being wrong is
not stupid it's how you deal with being
wrong that is the difference between
whether you're smart or dumb this is one
of the most important things they'll
ever you'll ever hear as a tip if you
judge people by whether they made a
mistake you're a loser
I'll say that again if you judge people
by whether they made a mistake you are a
loser you should judge them by how they
deal with the mistake because you're
making mistakes too if you've never made
one you're probably well you know if
you're the only person who's never made
a mistake
your time will come how people deal with
their mistake will tell you a lot the
fact that someone makes a mistake
actually doesn't tell you that much
because that's a universal quality we
all make mistakes we all have blind
spots right so I would say this is an
example of the president doing the best
you can do under the situation that was
presented to him very few people to pick
from very little time because he had to
hire a lot of people you know you really
do
in the beginning he picked somebody that
was terrific on paper and then after it
was clear it wasn't working out he got
rid of them
that's bad as good as you can do you
know you'd like to say well why didn't
he hire a good person in the first place
and the reason is nobody can do that
nobody yeah that pick whoever you think
is the smartest person you've ever known
let's say Warren Buffett let's say
Warren Buffett has Warren Buffett ever
had to fire anybody well I don't know
but I'm guessing yes don't you think
Warren Buffett has fired people does
that make Warren Buffett bad at business
how about Elon Musk or Bill Gates Mark
Zuckerberg have they ever had to fire
anybody of course have they ever had to
fire people that they thought would work
out but didn't of course does that make
them bad at hiring no no it makes them
ordinary meaning you know they're not
doing anything wrong it makes them
leaders they're people who make mistakes
and then they have to fix it
that's the job all right Kevin Hart
Kevin Hart was picked to host the the
Oscars and then people poured through
his tweets and found some what has been
called anti LGBTQ stuff in there not not
too recent but recent enough that it was
a problem and he decided that rather
than doing you know the normal kind of
I'm so sorry apology I did everything
wrong I've changed please forgive me I'm
so sorry about the people I hurt he kind
of went at it's more like a professional
comedian which is he wasn't going to
back off from the fact that he was
joking now I looked at the tweet and I
think the tweet had to do with the fact
that if he saw his son playing with a
doll
house he would he would break that
dollhouse because he wouldn't wouldn't
be happy that his son was you know
potentially gay and so people said
that's hate it's a speech I would have
to say that they're right you know if
you were gonna say if there's any such
thing as hate speech it probably looks a
lot like that all right
now you could argue oh he was just
joking and and I'm I'm sensitive to that
argument because sometimes people are
just joking and I think that might been
some explanation where the real joke was
about his own intolerance the joke
wasn't about his son the joke wasn't
about gay people or you know the value
of gay people I believe is it what he
was talking about is how he was not in
the vols father not good enough right in
in our world today
you know I follow the argument I hear
what he's saying I I understand the
concept of how you could say yeah that
it's self-deprecating I understand the
argument you know I'm a professional
humorist and so I get that you know
maybe in his mind it wasn't as bad as it
was the way it came across but the way
he handled it was not the way the public
wanted to handle and so they decided to
put some pressure on him and he pulled
out and he got out of there now the
event the situation itself is a little
bit interesting you know I I think I'm
gonna I'm gonna back the LGBTQ critics
the people who are pro LGBTQ and are
criticizing heart I think I'm going to
take their side in this one because what
he did say was very it was offensive and
he had chance he had a chance they gave
him a chance to explain himself and he
chose not to take that path
I think under those conditions the LGBTQ
people and ABC had every right to do
what they did but here's the interesting
part taking taking it a level higher the
it seems to me that increasingly the
Democratic Party is throwing the black
community under the bus in favor of
women and LGBTQ now when I'm talking
about this I'm not talking about facts
and I'm not talking about all the
context that would you know give you a
clearer picture of this I'm talking
about the way it feels and the way it
feels is more predictive than what the
facts are because people act on their
feelings if you were if you were a let's
say a black man in the United States and
you're just paying attention to the news
you're not doing a deep dive because
most people are not right most people
just sort of skim the headlines or
they're vaguely aware of the news so
let's say you're just typical American
you're watching the headlines like
everybody else you're seeing President
Trump
working with a bipartisan group of black
leaders on prison reform and being
apparently all in and you're saying that
his team is the one who was driving it
you know Jared right so there's no doubt
no doubt
if you're watching this know no
ambiguity whatsoever that the president
is doing something that is unambiguously
good for the african-american world
you're also looking at your employment
rate looking great and you're looking at
you're looking at some pardons of
african-american people who are wrongly
accused you're looking at all right so
you're looking at those things and then
you're watching the Democratic Party
which is your home right your political
home if you're if you're an African
American you know if you're African
American in this in this country most
likely you think the Democrat
parties your home and then you see
kirsten gillibrand tweet and it says
that the future is women the future is
women now that actually is probably true
right so I'm not going to criticize
whether that's a true or false statement
because it's true enough I would say
that that's a valid statement but how
does it feel how does it feel when I say
the future is women I the way I
interpret that based on Gillibrand's
quote is that the I would say the female
sensibility will dominate and I think
that's probably true you know it will
increase in importance in the future and
I would observe that that has been true
and I think it will be continued to be
true but how does that feel
if you're a black man and you're
watching your party say the future is
women and then you're watching the the
party go a hard at Kevin Hart do you
think Kevin Hart is a Republican
probably not
I mean I don't know I have no idea what
his political feelings are but just
based on the fact he's in the
entertainment industry and he's a black
man probably he leans Democrat but now
you're watching the LGBTQ community go
after him
in my opinion they have a good point but
the way it feels is that you know black
men are being sort of pushed out of the
party and the Republicans are offering
something something that the Democrats
weren't offering which is respect and
getting some things done
you're not seeing respect or getting
things done if you're a black man and oh
and then look at immigration who who
benefits job wise when you tighten up
immigration
here's one of the biggest the biggest
little secrets among the Democratic
Party there are a lot of Democrats who
don't like immigration and even
Democrats can't say it out loud and I'm
pretty sure that if you were a black
American and especially if you're in the
the the income group that would be most
competing with jobs from immigrants that
you're not too big on immigrants you're
probably plenty friendly in terms of the
people who are already here but the
question of how many you let in you
might be a little more Republican than
you're letting on because people do
pursue their self-interest and this is
clearly a self-interest and there's
something else about Republicans
championing immigration control and and
that is that rich people kind of benefit
by immigration you know if you look at
my life at like how was my personal rich
white guy life how has it been
influenced by immigration probably
improved because there's cheap labor
there's people to do stuff that I need
you know it's if you compare it to let
me give you an example where I grew up
in upstate New York there there's close
to zero undocumented immigrants right so
I grew up where there are basically no
immigrants and that would be true today
so I I keep in touch with family etc
back there if you wanted somebody to do
a small task for you
in my town in upstate New York you
wanted to hire somebody just do let's
say you know fix something in your house
or you know dig a hole or something like
that you can't find anybody you cannot
hire anybody to do a whole range of
physical labor where I grew up because
there are no undocumented immigrants
but they handle this massive amount of
labor that you just can't get done
unless they're there so when you watch
Republicans or anybody who's supporting
them when you think of Republicans you
think of you know rich white guys the
sort of automatic association but
they're acting against their own
self-interest in many cases so acting
against their own comfort and even
financial self-interest in limiting the
amount of low-cost labor in the country
so somebody says bs not a good argument
it's not really an argument I'm not
presenting this as an argument I'm
telling you that the way people feel is
based on what they're seeing and they're
experiencing and how they feel is not an
argument so it should feel if you were a
black citizen of the United States is
probably feeling forget about the facts
it's probably feeling like the
Republicans are making a good-faith
genuine effort to make your life better
and the Republican and their and the
Democrats
kind of more of a party for women their
self branding is a party for women
they're talking about the future in
terms of women so it might be a little
less welcoming so you can see a surprise
there I
your anecdotes about whether or not you
can find somebody to dig a hole for you
are not really convincing Inuk know to
live in evidence is not convincing when
I use my example of not being able to
find labor in my old hometown it's it's
to describe the story you know that one
example should not be persuasive
it's just how to tell the story with a
with an example how's the altitude
sickness all better yeah who knew for
some reason I never knew there was a
thing called altitude sickness until I
came where I am right now I'm in Utah at
8000 feet and the first two days here
were pretty bad you know you're dizzy
you can't breathe headachy you lose your
appetite you can't you can't sleep it's
pretty ugly and I think it happens
through at least half of the people who
come here yeah when I got here everybody
was handing me water and saying drink
water drink lots of water but they
didn't say why they said that that you'd
get dehydrated up here and so I thought
that's why you drink water you drink
water because you're dehydrated they did
not say the drinking water is your
primary defense against altitude
sickness that was never mentioned I've
got a feeling that the people working in
the resort and vacation industry up here
more focus on your thirst than the fact
that is preventing you from getting you
know an actual illness that feels like
the flu is there a difference if you
drive in versus flying I think so
anecdotally people here talk about
people getting off the plane that came
from lower altitude and they're
instantly
higher altitude and one of the ways that
you can adjust is by staying a thousand
feet lower for a day to kind of adjust
and then you go up the next thousand
feet so my guess is that driving is
better but I don't have science for that
how do you do in Denver
Denver's mile-high so that would be a
little lower it wouldn't it there's
something magical about a thousand feet
when you reach a thousand feet that's
when altitude sickness seems to kick in
so yeah at five thousand feet you're not
going to get a lot of altitude sickness
as seven thousand you're not going to
get a lot but there's something about a
thousand at least people are telling me
that that the sort of a magic cutter
offer when it becomes problematic does
weed make it better
well I can't say for sure but you sound
very calm
um I'm just looking at your comments
Christina had less problem with it but
she had a little problem of breathing if
you go to the gym here there's a gym and
they resort if you go to the gym
everybody's just sucking wind
let's talk about Muller and all the new
Muller porn news I forgot to talk about
that you can see so clearly in all of
the Muller revelations the the two
movies effect I was pretty sure that
whatever new information dropped about
coming in here man affair or anything
else about Muller I was pretty sure that
I would read it and I would say um so
what big deal doesn't involve the
president etc and I was pretty sure that
all the anti-trump errs would read it
and say ha ha ha ha this feels so good
we got him now this time we got you and
of course that's what happened so it
looks like all of the news about the big
news and the clues to me they feel like
they're leaning toward Trump being in
the clear now he tweeted apparently
without any context he tweeted that you
know he had been completely vindicated
or shown to be in the clear somehow and
I assume he was talking about the new
information coming out of the Moller
stuff and one of them that that is hard
to interpret so you know or rely on
Dershowitz to do the the legal
interpretation if if Cohen had given
them something on the president that was
really actionable something that would
really take down the president would
Muller give him recommend a long
sentence because the recommendations are
that he'd go to jail for a significant
amount of time it seems to me that if
Cohen had been you
in terms of implicating somebody above
him that he would be up for a very
little jail time seems to me Flynn was
the opposite situation because he was
very cooperative but we haven't seen
anything come out of that and my guess
is given that what Flynn was accused of
which was really just not being
forthcoming about some Russian guys he
talked to if that's all he knew if Flynn
didn't know anything else except his own
situation it makes sense that he would
fully cooperate and then when he was
done there wouldn't be anything about
the president that was that was a
problem
so the Flynn thing makes complete sense
in my movie where you know the president
is not implicated by anything that Flynn
is saying or do it and then the Cohen
situation Cohen really does know unlike
Flynn Flynn we could imagine doesn't
know what everybody else is doing didn't
know what the president did or did not
do
but Cohen was on the inside of the
stormy Daniel stuff and whoever the
other woman was yet he was on the inside
with you know whatever conversations
they had with Russia about a Russian
deal so you would expect that if anybody
had the goods it would be Cohen and
because Cohen is built he's burned all
of his bridges with anybody who you know
was associated with the president or
likes the president all of those bridges
are burned the only thing that Cohen can
do that would be good for Cohen and his
family is to cooperate and get no jail
time but yeah he did not cooperate
enough and did not get and did not get
off
so apparently you'll get jail time that
tells me he didn't have anything to
offer and that all of his problems were
self self-generated in other words he
yeah well it's also somebody's pointing
out that the initial interviewers of
Flynn said he didn't lie so there were
there are lots of extenuating
circumstances around the Flynn situation
but the Flynn situation was trivia
and the Cohen situation seems to be all
about Cohen it doesn't seem to be about
the president but that said there's
enough you know russia-related things in
the sentences that people use when they
talk about it that everybody who hates
the president is going to assume assume
that he did something we just haven't
found it yet so those who say the
president is in trouble don't have any
evidence for that hypothesis nor do I
have evidence that he's not in trouble
but it would be very unusual if you're
just trying to handicap the odds here
the odds that we wouldn't already know
something that would get the president
in trouble feels very low doesn't it
because look at all the things we do
know put together all the things we know
that did happen and how they're not
really terribly problem for the
president in terms of him being removed
from office or going to jail or anything
like that none of them really seem
important and we know a lot of them in
this leaky world what are the odds that
we would not have even heard of a rumor
of something that could take down the
president nothing not a suspicion well
their suspicions without evidence but
there's nothing that's like evidence
that somebody would say well if that's
true huh nothing like that
yeah the Roger stone thing is a fun
element to this story and as I've said
before what makes it fun is that he's
famous for not telling the truth so
would it really matter what Roger stone
did or did not say about what he did or
did not do and same with course II so
there they're literally famous for being
unreliable so are you gonna build a can
you build a case based on you know the
the the biessing of two people who are
known to be unreliable
there's no not much of a case there yeah
was it who said the walls are closing in
was that Brandon so listen to that
language the walls are closing in do you
know what that phrase the walls are
closing in leaves out what's missing
what's missing there's anything like a
reason or a fact now of course the the
reason or the context is that you know
Cohan and Flynn and all these people are
talking and and that Muller might be
reaching the end of whatever he's doing
we like to think every week but doesn't
happen but where are the reasons and can
anybody explain to me I think I'll just
maybe ask this question once every week
or two until somebody offers even even a
stab at the answer if the Russians were
trying to help Trump as opposed to just
model with our process and make it less
credible or whatever if their real
reason was to help Trump why did they
make ads that were anti Hillary was it
some of the employees got the message
Rob how do you explain that was it to
help cover their bases in case they got
caught doesn't really feel like a good
plan was it yeah it was always somebody
sitting yes I think that's yes to
covering their bases and if they were
serious about it why were though the
memes so weak and so poorly done that
you can't imagine any major developed
country could be behind it it look like
you know some rogue I may be trying to
help to help Putin out maybe get a
little you know it'll get some brownie
points with Putin it looks like somebody
just said
we'll do some memes and maybe Putin did
or did not say go ahead but that's
pretty weak and haven't we heard people
question at this point haven't we seen
some questions whether we can really
know the intentions of Russia to compare
these two hypotheses one hypothesis is
that Russia thought that Clinton would
be a disaster not just for Russia but
maybe for for the world right
because if Russia gets into it with the
United States it's not a good situation
so it may what's the difference between
saying that Russia was Pro Trump versus
saying they were anti Hillary
how do you make that distinction isn't
it possible that they that Russia was
more likely and anyone but Clinton camp
you know don't you think that they just
didn't want Clinton to win now they may
have said well let's just you know screw
with the system but you also theft to
think that Russia thought the same thing
that we thought which is that she was
definitely gonna win you know do you
think the Russians thought that Trump
was gonna win it doesn't feel like it
because nobody else did except you know
a few pundits like me all right
why isn't someone put together a report
on all the Russian ads used well I've
seen from Facebook they did release the
ads that were on Facebook and you can't
look at I think it's a full list of the
ads and they are so weak and poorly done
and as I said they're on both sides of
Clinton and Trump that it's hard to
imagine what the purpose was it if I had
to look at that evidence all right let
me let me give you a conspiracy theory I
guess it would be that because I don't
have any evidence on
all right so what I'm gonna say has no
evidence but I'm just gonna give you an
explanation for those Russian campaign
ads for 2016 that's different from the
one you've heard uh-huh all right the
one they've heard is that the Russian
government for some reason did a
terrible amateur job that was easy to
detect
and for some reason criticized both
sides maybe but it would be unusual
let's compare that to another theory
somebody paid this Russian company
somebody who wasn't Russia could have
been you know could have been you know a
billionaire in this country does
somebody paid this little Russian troll
farm to make ads and the Russian troll
farm because they're Russians and they
know that they can take this
billionaire's money and they don't
really have to produce much in terms of
effectiveness said oh yeah we can make
you some great memes give us a few
million dollars and we'll make you some
campaign memes and well these are really
be worth the money and then the unknown
buyer gives them money they do terrible
ads because they don't know how to do it
well but they said they did and then the
next thing you know Putin is getting
blamed which is more likely that Russia
is so bad and making memes and you know
they're their best people can't make a
meme is that possible or is it possible
that a Russian company screwed a
customer let me just ask you that of
those two things which is more likely a
Russian company screwed a customer or
they were working with Putin to do a
really bad job and it didn't and they
didn't even have all their ads pointing
in the same direction now imagine they
had two customers one of them wanted
them to create ads
were anti-trump that customer paid a lot
and got a lot of ads a second customer
comes in and says hey can you make me
some anti-hillary yeah some anti the
anti Trump ads so one customer says give
me some pro Trump ads another says give
me some anti Trump ads the second one
has less money pays less guest fewer ads
so when the FBI and CIA and everybody
who's looking at it they say oh 90% of
these are our pro Trump so that must be
Putin's intention it's kind of a leap
because remember this was a commercial
troll farm that I imagined it would take
money from anybody who wanted to pay
them so if any outside sources said give
me some Trump ads give me some Hillary
ads that would completely explain
everything we've seen I'm not saying
that's what happened yeah I'm not
offering evidence that happened I'm just
saying that if you compare that
explanation which is completely ordinary
and explains every fact right the fact
that they just had customers who bought
memes and they didn't care what the
means were for explains every fact that
we can see that doesn't mean it's true
but the the official story doesn't
explain the facts doesn't explain why
they're so bad doesn't explain why
they're so easy to catch and it doesn't
explain why they had ads targeting both
sides just doesn't explain it somebody
says Russian Intel isn't commercial the
troll farm wasn't part of the Intel
community it was a commercial separate
thing owned by a billionaire it was just
one of the companies he owned now it's
probably true that they did work for the
Russian government if the Russian
government was willing to pay him or
they had some you know favors to curry
but it wasn't officially a part of their
Intel their intentions were to be
divisive
maybe maybe so if their intention was to
be divisive that too would be more
likely in terms of explaining all the
facts then then the official version so
I would say there are two explanations
that given the facts and evidence are
more likely than the official one let's
see yeah why is there no Academy Award
category for periscopes where are the
Emmys for periscopes good question I'm
seeing lots of questions about Navarro
and all I understand is that he's kind
of a China trade Hawk but I don't know
anything beyond that it's probably good
to throw a hawk in there because that
again creates contrast if we decide to
make a deal with China that isn't some
in the reasonable zone it will be
helpful it will be helpful to have a
hard notice person on the negotiations
thoughts on the Yellowjackets
well it looks like they did their job of
getting that gas tax reversed so I think
when it comes right down to it people in
the middle class do not want to fund
climate change so what happens when the
people who have to pay for it just
refuse what do I think of the proud boys
and Gavin McGinnis well I don't think I
know enough about the group but it seems
like they're like every other group in
which they have some perfectly nice
people and some were not
that would explain every large group
right so that's the only thing I can say
about that is and a lot of the folks
that get accused of racism are really
closer to the free speech category in
other words people who who speak freely
and are not worried about what they say
in terms of how other people interpret
it almost always look like terrible
people or they will be portrayed as
terrible by others and with the proud
boys there's certainly some of that
going on but I'm not going to defend or
criticize them because I don't know
enough I'll just make a general
statement my opinion on Laurel Umar's
banned from Twitter the weird thing
about Laurel umer being banned from
Twitter is that she was banned for
liberal speak so she is obviously more
associated with conservatives but the
thing she got banned for was agreeing
with liberal slur I don't I don't have
to explain that because what she was
saying was and you know I don't want to
get banned from periscope from making
the same mistake but it's also I'll say
and generally I believe she was speaking
out against discriminate
against she was speaking out against
anti-semites at about anti women
opinions
now she named a specific person as being
in that camp and I believe she offered
some reasons I don't know enough about
that person and I don't want to get
banned from Twitter for just talking
about something I don't know too much
about but the message that Laura Loomer
got banned for as I understand it was
that there should be less anti-semitism
and that women should be treated better
now the context was Sharia but it still
was a perfectly liberal message now it
happens to be a liberal message that
conservatives agree with but I think
it's the first time correct me if I'm
wrong is that the first time anybody's
been banned from Twitter for being
politically correct can you think of an
example because that was I'm saying
politically correct just to make the
point what she was saying was fact-based
which is that Sharia you know the way
it's practiced and the way some people
would prefer to practice it could be bad
for anybody who is not Islamic and it
could be bad for women I don't think
anybody defends the fact that there's
some risk in that
but that's all I know about it yeah
we've already talked about Tillerson
what does a female future look like for
men well it's a good question you know
the the value of men you know s
certainly decreased because women don't
meet need men for incomes they don't
necessarily need men to protect them you
know as long as there
police forces and stuff like that which
are men but they don't need a husband to
do it necessarily so I think the the the
value of men has decreased but
interestingly the value of women has
decreased as well for different reasons
so I think the value that men and women
have for each other has tremendously
decreased and it's no surprise that
younger people are not even dating all
right look who owns more of Twitter than
Jack Dorsey yeah so there is a a Saudi
investor who owns a part of Twitter I
understand but I don't know if that's
the reason laura Loomer got got banned
that would be a leap all right I think
I've said everything I need to say for
today I'm going to leave it on that and
I will talk to you later