pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and I'm Scott Adams and you're
here for coffee and as you're streaming
in preparing do you notice the little
ASMR de noise I make some of you are
only gonna listen to this on audio
without watching but watch how
comforting it is to hear this this is
being organizing my papers that's right
there's a whole industry of people who
listen to little sounds like that to
fall asleep true story
it's called ASMR but that's not why
you're here no nope I know I hear you're
here for the simultaneous epital you
need is a cup or a bug or glass a tank
or chelators tine a canteen jogger flask
a vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine of the day thing that makes
everything better
the simultaneous hip go ah ha ha ha ha
that's hittin the spot isn't it all
right how many of you when 7 o'clock yes
and you get you're a little alert go
running for your cups and vessels and
mugs probably a lot of you I hope you do
alright you may have noticed that
because it's the holidays all the news
just sort of stopped have you noticed
that the only news that happened seems
to be the news that nobody wants you to
talk about so as a jak post avec pointed
out on the tweet that in the last week
or so we've heard that the Afghan the
the war in Afghanistan was basically a
gigantic fraud perpetrated on the
American public because we imagined that
we were doing something useful there and
apparently we were just killing people
and getting killed so
so now it's been revealed that at least
privately or military didn't think they
were doing anything useful which really
puts President Trump in a good light
there are some reports that he has to
talk to the the military enlisted people
without the officers there so they get a
real idea what was happening in
Afghanistan which put submit a really
good light I got to say because I
haven't seen anybody questioned the
report so the report is they totally is
the generals and the officers to stay
out so he could talk to the people
actually did the fighting and get a real
real honest unfiltered opinion for the
first time but also we heard evidence I
don't know if anything has ever
confirmed these days you know you you
think you hear something that's
overturning something else or confirming
something else you just never know but
what we're hearing that the alleged
chemical attack in Syria that happened I
guess a couple years ago that President
Trump responded to militarily was
probably a fraud how many of you
remember that when the gas attack first
happened that I and I'm not alone there
were a number of skeptical people who
said the same thing but I like to keep
score I like to keep score when my
predictions are right and when they're
wrong because that will give me an idea
if there's some kind of predictions I'm
good at some kind of not the ones I tend
to be good at have some kind of element
of persuasion or psychological
blind-spot I tend to now I haven't
rigorously tested this but it does seem
that whenever there's a psychological
element my impression which could also
be off is that I'm better at that so
when the gas attack happened I said well
from a psychological perspective
wouldn't it make perfect sense for them
to fake the attack because it would be
easy to fake people would believe it
could change that the fate of the war
and it's people who don't have access to
a lot of different kinds of weapons and
defenses they have a pretty small set of
things they can do and one of the things
that they could do is try to bring in
foreign powers with fake stories so if
you've read my book win big Li you know
that I'm famous for saying then whenever
there's a situation where people can get
away with something and there's a huge
upside upside advantage and there are a
lot of people involved that in that
situation bad behavior will happen every
time now the context I usually say that
isn't financial so that the general rule
is this if there's a lot of money
involved but let's say upside in
military situations the upside is that
you survive and your side wins
so whether there's a lot of money to be
gained or there's a military victory to
be gained or just living there's a lot
to be gained so whenever you have the
situation that looks like this there's a
lot to be gained the risk of being
caught is small let's say the people who
faked the gas attack were did it were
detected no penalty you don't go to jail
for that right it's a war zone you can
fake a gas attack get caught no penalty
there's literally nothing bad that would
happen to you for doing it so you've got
this enormous potential game which is
your life may be the life of your
village you know if you can change the
course of the world and it's trivial to
do faking the gas attack turned out to
be kind of easy you just put some
canisters here you have some people say
oh I'm suffering from something you film
them selectively with your camera it's
literally the easiest thing you could
ever fake and by the time anybody found
out you had faked it the damage is done
you've already created a situation so
here's the setup whenever you have an
enormous thing you could gain
you've got lots of people involved so at
least some of them are gonna have the
bad idea it helps to have a lot of
people involved if there's only one
person in this situation well you might
get a situation where that one person is
virtuous and they won't take the take
the opportunity to do evil but if you
have a lot of people involved it's
guaranteed guaranteed that one of them
is gonna say hey are you telling me that
I could change the course of the war
maybe there's no penalty and it's easy
to do it should happen every time
remember as soon as the the turks
started taking over the territory for
the kurds the most recent stuff
immediately you heard stories of
atrocities and immediately i said could
be true but if the kurds are not
inventing fake atrocities why aren't
they it's the obvious play somebody in
that big Kurd community is gonna say
wait a minute if I faked an atrocity it
could help and it could help a lot but
if I got caught faking an atrocity no
penalty there's no penalty at all in
fact if we found out that some Syrian or
some occurred had faked an atrocity for
the purpose of helping their own people
survive
I wouldn't even feel bad about it I mean
I wouldn't even have a bad opinion of
the person who did it because indeed let
me say as clearly as I as I can if you
put me in that situation and you said
Scott we're being surrounded by you know
enemies and we might all die but you
could do this fake gas attack Scott
might change things would I
Scott do a fake hoax gas attack if I
thought it would work yeah of course in
the heart beat would you it's war all
right
that Joe Biden has painted himself in a
corner where it got painted for him I'm
not sure but you can't not love the fact
that the whole reason the print will a
big reason that the president is being
impeached is that he refused to comply
with Congress's subpoenas he refused to
let his people go testify and now Joe
Biden is doing the same or saying he'll
do the same but he wants to be really
clear that this is different and here's
how it's different it's different
because if the Senate asked Joe Biden to
testify which they threatened they would
do that that would not be legitimate so
it's different because Joe Biden in his
opinion says that asking the president's
people to testify would be legitimate so
therefore it's a problem when he didn't
do it but joe says of course I would
comply with any legal request unless it
was illegitimate and it would be
illegitimate to ask me to go in and
testify to which I asked the obvious
question who gets to decide what's
legitimate because if Joe Biden gets to
decide what is legitimate he's putting
himself above the law I mean literally
literally as literal as anything could
be you can't get more literally above
the law I mean not in the distance above
sense but in terms of putting yourself
as more important of a decision-maker
than the law than to say is your
decision whether to obey it is your
decision if a law is legitimate do we
all get that do I get to kill somebody
and say well oh I know what you're
thinking yes yes I didn't murder my my
neighbor that's true but you have to
look at how legitimate it was I mean
have you seen this guy he's loud he's
obnoxious
oh yeah yeah
murder has to be illegal for most
situations but can we make an exception
I mean seriously have you met did you
know my neighbour I think you have to
say it was pretty legitimate if you knew
this guy you deserve to get killed so
don't be arresting me for this murder
thing that's you know the generic law
you got a look at the specifics the
specific is sure I killed him because he
was annoying but he was really annoying
it was legitimate this time so Joe Biden
has blundered into probably the worst
argument you could ever have which is
this time he gets to override the
Congress or the law subpoenas the courts
I mean it's I don't know what to say
about it except that it's funny it's
just sort of funny that he trapped
himself so completely I don't think
it'll make any difference to anything
because we're at that point in politics
and society where I maybe just doesn't
matter what you say or what you do or
what you think I don't think any of it
matters are you having the same feeling
about impeachment that I am after after
several days of being in sort of holiday
mode and the news just sort of stopped
talking about it does it feel that any
of that stuff was ever important have
you noticed that as soon as the news
stops talking about Russia collusion and
impeachment and stuff I mean they still
you know they they tease it a little bit
but basically they've stopped talking
for the holidays that as soon as they
stop talking it didn't matter
think about that as soon as the news
stopped talking about it it also stopped
mattering in every way that anything
could matter none of it matters it's one
of these little moments where you should
step back and say hey wait a minute it's
the problem what the Congress is doing
or the president is doing
or is it the way we talk about it
because as soon as we stop talking about
it I don't know my life's the same
nothing hurt me I'm not worried about
something it's all fine
everybody just stop talking about it so
there's gonna be you know a lot of
people predicted that's the after the
holiday break that the public would just
be exhausted and totally over the
impeachment stuff and the more they talk
about it the more we're going to get
bored and annoyed with it and it's not
going to be productive not that it was
ever productive so I've been having this
fascinating experience that since my
book there's a thing came out incredibly
successful you should have it
everybody's talking about it
actually everybody is talking about it
not everybody of course but a lot of
people are using the quotes out of the
book a lot of people are using the title
and a lot of the concepts so it's
definitely making a dent in the national
consciousness as I hoped but one of the
things I wrote in there is that that
artists would have different world views
and let's say economists or scientists
or engineers or lawyers or whatever and
that each of them might be great in
their own way but unless you have a
little bit of experience in different
fields it's hard to get a really good
view of the world and in particular I
I've called out artists of all types
whether it's visual or writing or or
music or whatever as being unusually and
obviously less capable of understanding
their world now let me be as careful as
I can
there are lots of artists that are not
all the same there are some artists who
also take a real interest in let's say
critical thinking and philosophy and
things and so they they probably are
just well-rounded so in those cases
they're artists but they're also lots of
other things the people who tend to get
stuck
the ones who have not broadened their
horizons and and so it seems that there
are two kinds of ARS those who have a
fully rounded view of the world and they
can have opinions anywhere but the ones
who are sort of stuck in artist mode if
you will they seem to be universally
pulled in by all the hoaxes you know
they'll believe that the fine people
hoax they believe that the president
mocked a disabled man with an arm and in
some cases let's say let's say the
person is an engineer and they believed
one of those two things so you're an
engineer and you believe that the
president called the neo-nazis fine
people so you say well I believe it I
mean I saw it in the news that's what
they reported not just one news I saw
reported on multiple news stations that
the president did that but if you're an
engineer you just need one fact that you
believe that will change your mind
so you send the engineer the the
transcript you say oh here's the part
they cut out they show you the first
part and it reverses the meaning now you
see the whole thing you can see that he
didn't say that he said exactly the
opposite you do that with an engineer do
you know what the engineer will say okay
good point I have these other things to
complain about but you know we're done
with that one point made evidence
evidence given none but that doesn't
work with artists more often than not
again there are lots of different
artists but the correlation is today for
example I told you before that all the
professional trolls seem to have
disappeared for the holidays you notice
that so the people who would just come
in and insult me or bring up some some
hoax about me from the past to do
nothing but cause trouble they're all on
vacation they're just all gone and
Twitter has become this kinder more
gentle place so when people disagree
with me this week because the
professional trolls are on vacation
they're actually real people and it's
the first time you it's just obvious
that the people who have been engaging
with me lately
are real people with real jobs they're
not trolls and what I noticed is that
almost a hundred percent of them who are
disagreeing on the hoax stuff are
artists according to their own profiles
so one of the odds and what is causing
this is it just lack of exposure in one
case so there was an artist who was
arguing with me that the president
mocked the ban with the bad arm and I
said well why don't you just google it
and you'll see the compilation clips of
the president using a similar gesture
for lots of different people and then
you'll know it in context so you know
that's likely not what he was doing and
she argued and said well you know if you
had a link for that you would have said
it to me and I'm like all right so I
google it I send her a link and then she
looks link and it's clear as day that
he's mocking other people with the same
gesture and then she says yes but he was
a little more animated and his gestures
were bigger what he was talking about
the man who had the actual bad arm when
he talked about the other people it was
a similar gesture but it wasn't as
wasn't as big to which I say so that
means nothing because the clips show
that he does the gesture in a variety of
different ways sometimes bigger
sometimes smaller it's very clear you
could see it throughout the clip
sometimes he would go big sometimes he'd
go not so big so the fact that one of
them was extra big doesn't mean anything
because one of them was going to be
bigger than the others so the critical
thinking involved from the artist is
shockingly lacking but they see you
still seem confident you know here's my
speculation my speculation is that when
you work in the arts
everything matters that is to say if you
were reading a novel and in the first
chapter there was something about the
hero of the story playing with their
expensive watch you could reasonably
assume that later in the story that
watch will be important because in the
world of art whether it's music
photography writing you don't put
something in the art unless it matters
in fact art is about getting rid of all
the things that don't matter so when you
look at any artistic world there's no
such thing as coincidences because
they're all engineered out you live in a
coincidence free world when you're an
artist or and you're trying to make it
that way the real world is all
coincidence it's just things happening
randomly that you don't know why all the
times not all coincidence but it's it's
rife with coincidence so when you see
something like this very example when
she says well is it a coincidence
could it be Scott a coincidence that
what he's talking about the actual guy
with the the bad arm that he goes a
little bit bigger in his gestures is
that a coincidence to which I say yeah
that's how coincidences work that's
exactly a coincidence there could be no
better example than that that's the
perfect example of a coincidence but the
artist says now this kind of means
something because everything means
something and so they pull they pull
these coincidences into their world
where everything means something and
it's hard to get them off that but the
engineer the scientist the lawyer they
live in a world where coincidences are
probably coincidences at least as often
as they're meaningful so they're all on
they're all on the alert for a
coincidence being over interpreted
artists probably not probably the
opposite all right
anything else happening to my
coincidence that Mike is it my
imagination that not much is happening
what is the best path for rapid us
development of Jen for nuclear I here's
what I think it is so the Energy
Department has already set up a test
test site to rapidly test different
nuclear fuels which would get you closer
to the generation 4 technology I think
what we need is more leadership at the
top now what I mean by that is President
Trump in my opinion and every time I
criticize the president for not doing
enough or doing something wrong I like
to call it out because for some reason
people can watch me forever and come to
the impression that I've never
criticized anything Trump did which is
look so completely wildly wrong that I
call it out so I think nuclear is one of
those cases now when I say wrong I mean
not enough I believe that everything
that Trump has done has been really
really good because you know Trump's the
boss his Department of Energy has been
quite aggressive under Perry helping to
develop a nuclear but probably not
nearly as aggressive as it could be for
example yeah I always talk about Bill
Gates and terraPower
one of companies he's funded is trying
to build the new generation of nuclear
energy and the main thing that they need
is places to test it now maybe they have
that you know maybe they had a playoff
on that but I would think that the
President of the United States should be
visiting terraPower should actually take
a day and go there so that the rest of
the country can be informed because if
you can inform the rest of the country
that there's this good thing happening
that you know technology to eat existing
nuclear waste and turn it into fuel is
being developed that shouldn't just be a
little blurb in you know Wired magazine
that shouldn't be like a little thing in
the New York
I'm say there's some other technologies
you know we think they could be good
whatever that should be the President of
the United States taking the day off
meeting Bill Gates and having Bill Gates
walk him around the test facility and
then maybe do it a few more times that I
think new scale there there are other
companies in this this business but the
president has this gigantic spotlight
the hidden spotlight on anything and if
he spotlighted nuclear energy he would
take the high ground on the climate
change debate now imagine being able to
take the high ground on your opponents
maybe one of their strongest arguments
you could actually take it away from
them so how can I not call that a
mistake on the president's part right
because it's a mistake when you do
something that's you know an error but
it's also a mistake when there's this
big teaming obvious thing to do that
would be positive and you don't do it
you know if you're not taking the the
opening that's given that's a mistake
and on the nuclear stuff while Trump has
been I think a plus in terms of policy
he's been completely missing in action
in terms of persuasion
and it's a persuasion problem you know
it doesn't help the country to have a
good technical direction if there's no
persuasion backing it up to to get
people you know moving in the same
direction so I criticize the President
on nuclear persuasion but not nuclear
policy I think the policy is probably
pretty clean anyway says Scott maybe
you're just out of the loop well I don't
know how that comment makes sense
because the loop I'm talking about is
public exposure and I watched the news a
lot so I doubt I would have missed it if
the president was strongly persuading
them on nuclear power he heard himself
the windmill stuff you know what's funny
about it is people mock him for not
understanding windmills but if you see
him talk about it he's he drops it
enough facts about windmills that it's
obvious he does know about windmills so
he knows enough about windmills pluses
and minuses to be able to riff on it you
know he's no expert on green technology
but he does know what he's talking about
he does know they kill a lot of birds he
does know that if the wind isn't blowing
you're gonna have to do something
those are the big points
I think 2020 might be the the year the
Trump goes hard at it now there must be
some political or other reason why he
hasn't done it so far my guess is that
it just doesn't feel safe to do it maybe
as a political strategy maybe the
polling is so anti-nuclear that maybe it
just doesn't pay to be vocal about it
but I think that would be leaving the
entire civilization of the world at
peril you know if the reason you're not
talking about nuclear energy is because
it's politically inconvenient then
you're you're literally allowing
civilization to be at risk for a
political point I mean that's a pretty
big trade-off it contradicts his coal
promise now doesn't because the the coal
promise was about jobs the way I saw it
the coal promise was not coal is the
only way to make electricity the coal
promise is totally about jobs and
pushing hard at coal while we still need
it and creating jobs is actually I would
say a respectable trade-off even if you
wouldn't do it
meaning that letting unemployed people
have jobs is pretty important and if
what that cost is a 1/100 of a degree
over 50 years of extra temperature or
whatever it is because
American coal miners you know the the
extra the little bit of extra America
coal mining that might happen because of
job what's that one one thousandth of a
degree of temperature over fifty years I
don't know if this be even could we even
measure it so if if it's creating jobs
and having a trivial effect on the on
the world so it's not a that's not a
disrespectful trade off people need jobs
to who drops out of the Democratic race
next
I don't know Cory Booker's gonna have a
tough time holding on I think free
energy is the near future could be
somebody says nuclear is net inefficient
well depends what you mean by
inefficient if you mean for the price
then I would say that you can't
determine that because the price of
nuclear is if you look at it
historically it's all distorted by
politics of the fact that the technology
was legitimately dangerous in the
beginning so you've got a lot of factors
that just wouldn't exist if you build
smaller modular generation four because
then you can standardize the parts you
can make them smaller you could have the
engineering and approval sort of canned
sides so that instead of starting from
scratch on a new design for nuclear you
know if you're looking at a new plant
that's never been built before even if
it uses some parts of technologies that
exist it's still a new plant so getting
approval and then sign off on new
technology for nuclear is just the
hardest thing you could possibly do
but then the future is these small
modular ones where once you've decided
that one of them works you just build
another one like it and then the second
time they go okay it's one of these so
easy much easier to approve and
therefore the car the cost will come way
down
oh here's a good question
from gay Kevin say which topics do
you purposely manipulate the nuanced
well would you say manipulate the nuance
to be persuasive yes that's a question
because I believe I I tried to persuade
on anything important so the word
manipulate gets to intentioned so I
usually try to stay away from that word
so I don't manipulate for bad purpose
but everybody who communicates tries to
communicate effectively and that means
you know emphasizing this over over
something else
so maybe always I'm not sure I can turn
off the just the communication habit of
emphasizing what I want to emphasize I'm
not sure I can turn that off but I think
your question was a good one maybe I can
think of an example but doesn't come to
mind will Dilbert dip into the political
discussion in 2020 not in the Democrat
versus Republican sense but I might have
Dilbert more involved with topics so
I've had climate change interfere with
the with the Dilbert world but without
making much of a political point just it
exists it's part of the conversation you
know so it made sense that it would
overlap at some point let's say do you
ever laugh of course I do you see me
laughing here can Democrats higher
persuasion experts to coach their
candidates will they have Hillary
Clinton and Barack Obama both had
persuasion experts coaching them and and
all the political professionals should
also be persuasion experts of a
different type
Harris has worried that you were
manipulating him during the podcast well
what does that mean see it's that word
manipulating that throws everything off
what if he just said that I'm persuasive
what's the difference if you say
somebody's persuasive you take the the
evil intention out of it if you say hey
he's manipulative what if you're just
persuasive because you can persuade in a
positive way yabba nip Y elation is not
the right word because that gets to
intention as opposed to the tool
what is one online self-promotion advice
you would give a writer well some of the
best advice I saw came from writer
Stephen King he wrote a book called on
writing so that's the title of the book
on writing and one of the pieces of
advice he gives which is spot-on
in my opinion is that it's actually easy
to get published people don't realize
this but if you decide I'm gonna be a
writer tomorrow and you've got a little
bit of writing talent you can get
published by the end of the week but
where you can get published by the end
of the week is in a small local
publication or maybe some kind of online
thing that takes guest artists or
something something small then maybe you
get a lot of retweets or clicks maybe
maybe the local newspaper or publication
so though we like it give us another one
so you build up a body of work that you
can take to the next level up now the
next level up if you've been writing
articles for small newspapers might be
larger publications might be blogging
might be a guest blogger on Huffington
Post or something but what you do is you
just keep creating a body of work that
becomes your resume for the next up
until until you're a popular columnist
and then a publisher says hey if you're
good at writing these popular columns
maybe you could write a book so
basically
you take advantage of the fact that
pretty much every writer can get
published it's one of the easiest fields
to break into as weird as that sounds
now it's almost impossible for any one
person to become a best-selling author
and that's hard but becoming a working
published author very easy I always tell
the story back when I was in my
corporate days at a big bank and one of
my employees I was a supervisor one of
my employees decided he wanted to write
an article for a spreadsheet magazine
there was a magazine that just did
tricks and tips for people who use
spreadsheets
he'd never written anything never been
paid for anything anything hadn't been
asked to write anything he just saw this
industry publication he thought oh I
have some ideas that I should submit
them maybe they'll pay me so I worked
with him a little bit he wrote up an
article it was not really good
and they got published they actually
rewrote most of the article and paid him
they rewrote his bad writing because his
idea was was fresh and they liked the
idea and then he said wow I got paid I
got paid for being a writer and it was
actually pretty good money it was like
$1500 30 years ago and so he gets paid
and he's like well we'll all right
another one so he writes another article
it's also not that good they rewrite you
know half of it but not all of it this
time it gets published he gets paid my
the guy who was my boss at the phone
company saw me saw me succeeding with
Dilbert
and he said hey I'll I think I'll try to
write a book basically random guy in a
cubicle decides to write a book now what
are the odds that random guy in cubicle
my boss who had no writing experience no
writing experience whatsoever what are
the odds that he would publish his book
he published a freaking book it's an
actual book he
wrote a book about his father had been
captured by the Japanese in World War
two and executed and you know he had the
whole story from the war crimes records
and stuff and so he writes a book about
it it was actually a really interesting
book no experience gets paid and the
book did well enough I think that if he
had had a second book in him I don't
think he did but he would have been able
to write a second book so writing is
actually probably one of the most
accessible fields you'll ever get into
but only to start you know it's that
that bottom entry is just really easy
then then you have to build usually your
way up the by the way the the Dilbert
2020 calendar end of the year as the
number one calendar I think it was a
number one calendar on Amazon it was
ranked in terms of all books on Amazon
and imagine how many books are on Amazon
millions and millions books I think it
ended at the rank was 34 so out of all
the the books and calendars that were
sold on Amazon the Dilbert calendar was
34 I think that might be one of the best
performances yet so that's 30 years the
Dilbert it has been out and the calendar
just came in number one it's not bad
that's got legs yeah somebody says who
the hell still uses calendars so they're
used almost entirely as a gift item and
something that people put on their desk
just to have a joke so I don't know that
anybody uses a Dilbert calendar for the
calendar part it's more of a it's more
of a I know I it's almost a tradition
people been giving it to their father
forever and they just keep doing it
somebody says Lucy uses one I'll give
you some when hub updates after the the
new year somebody says I love that
you're so happy thank you I am pretty
happy
any advice for fine artists let me tell
you a story somebody has to stop me in
case I told you this story because I
feel like I was planning to tell it and
maybe maybe I did but I don't think I
did so a few weeks ago I got I got a
message from a young man who was who had
been part of my let's say extended
social circle I'll be I'm gonna be a
little bit nonspecific here for privacy
purposes so it's a young man who several
years ago I had asked for my advice on
what to do with his life he was smart
ambitious but he didn't have a direction
and so I started telling him my talent
stack concept now the idea was to start
with whatever talents he had and then
intelligently pile on new talents until
he had something strong and I said it
was just sort of brainstorming what I
would do if I were him you know if we
had switched places and I had to use my
strategy but starting from his starting
point what would I do
I said I'll tell you what I do I would
he was he was a good graphic artist so
he already had a base for the artistic
you know mindset and I said if he also
had a good mind for technology and other
stuff so I said I would learn to program
and I would learn to design user
interfaces because if you have artistic
talent and you know how to design a user
interface those go really well together
you know the artistic sense and the user
interface design if you've got both of
those that's strong but on top of that
if you could actually if you could
actually code it you could you could
visualize it you could visualize it well
because you're an artist and then you
could code it yourself with a variety of
languages so I said that's what I would
do I I would take classes until I could
do user interface graphic design and I
could code it all up and tell anything I
wanted and he so so I give this advice
baby I know
years ago and I was aware that he
started taking classes in that realm and
he just he just emailed me I think it
was email the other day I think maybe
was a text message and he told me that
he wanted to let me know that he just
got a job in the field with Apple
Computer in their user interface group
now some of you who understand what I
just said for the rest of you let me
explain it if you were trying to get a
job in the field of designing user
interfaces there's one place that's the
best places in the world and then
there's every place else the best place
in the world unambiguously is Apple
Computer Bay Area user interface that's
the job he just got this was after
probably five years of extreme poverty
meaning that he was a starving student
you know living out living with a
grandparent I think and you could barely
make it to school like if he had car
problems that day he couldn't go to
school you know so he was just just
scraping by you know with physical
resources and he put his talent stack
together created a strategy and nailed
it made me feel really good I gotta say
made me feel really good all right name
one podcast you recommend you know I
have to say I don't spend time listening
to podcasts but I will give you a few
that I can recommend any way anything
that Tim Ferriss does anything that
James Altucher does anything that Joe
Rogan does that would be a good start I
know I'm forgetting some people yeah it
depends what you call a podcast anything
that Mike Serna does is always
interesting if you call that podcasting
I don't know
live streaming I guess
so those those would be the ones that
I'd look at it does Byron New York have
a podcast i yeah i would say jordan
peterson but i don't know why he's doing
lately did scott tell the engagement
story i will tell you the engagement
story so the engagement story goes like
this I convinced Christina that we
should open one gift the night before
Christmas and I had prepackaged some
package of C's candy that was
gift-wrapped but one of the candies in
the middle had been replaced with
engagement ring so I said yeah we should
just open one thing and I'd already
bought her or a gift earlier so her
Christmas gift was already taken care of
and there was a piano so she got a piano
for Christmas again but it had already
been delivered a month ago and so so I
said for Christmas itself I'll just give
you something small so I kept telling
her to reduce her reduce her
expectations for Christmas Day presents
because it's just gonna be something
small but of course the whole time I
knew there's something small meant the
diamond ring so she opened it up saw the
ring I asked her she said yes and that's
that's the basic story
oh yeah the Adam Carolla and anything
with dr. drew or great podcast to
somebody is reminding me here in the in
the comments
I think Adam Carolla is one of the most
popular podcasts actually in the world
how has chai
I tried to economically punish you for
your comments I have not
I've not yet detected any problems that
would be coming from China now like I
said all of my trolls are on vacation
like actually literally on vacation and
I've always just suspected that maybe
some percentage of them are Chinese if
you were China and you were trying to
control things in the United States and
why wouldn't you you would have some
trolls and you would assign those trolls
to various voices that you didn't like
so that they could be tamp down and and
argued with I haven't seen evidence that
China has done that there there are no
trolls which just jump out as being
Chinese agents or anything like that but
baby maybe so but he's mentioning the
Sam Harris podcast yeah the Sam Harris
podcast is always going to be
interesting
that's actually I've probably have
listened to more Sam Harris than anybody
else because he's always interesting
what's your view on the societal
pressure for a diamond engagement ring
that needs to spend two months salary
you know all of this marriage stuff it's
just a struggle because it's one size
that doesn't fit all so you're always
struggling to figure out okay I know
what I'm supposed to do but aren't I
different this is this a different
situation oh yeah there's no agenda the
no agenda podcast
excellent podcast all right you want
2020 predictions well I've made some
predictions I don't want to rework those
had you not proposed do you think you
she ever would have did you see the
story about Lindsay Vonn was it Lindsay
Vonn who proposed to her boyfriend the
answer is no I don't see any
circumstance in which Christina
would have proposed and but only not
because you wouldn't want to I mean not
because she wouldn't want to be married
but rather that would be so far and of
her expected behavior didn't back if he
inspire me to get married now he did not
somebody says how do I handle my
sister-in-law becoming gender-neutral
why do you care what why in the world do
you care if your sister-in-law is
gender-neutral what what's that got to
do with you so everybody wants to ask
you if I was on bended knee and the
answer is now and and it was conscious I
don't believe in starting a relationship
with one person on their knees maybe
it's just me but if there were one thing
that if there were one thing to get rid
of in the tradition of marriage I don't
think anybody should get on their knees
as the first start of a relationship
that would be the exact opposite of what
anybody should do so not only did I not
we were just sitting together on the
couch I don't think anybody should I
bend a specially bothered by that
particular thing now if you look at the
tradition of it I believe that the
tradition of it is that when the the
gender balance was so unequal that is
sort of made sense because the guy was
the guy was dialing down his power as a
male in society for this specific
purpose you know to show that you know
that the love is there etc but in
today's world where the genders are you
know will will always argue about who's
exactly you know getting the advantage
but we're a lot closer to even right you
know there's a reasonable argument on
both sides that one gender or the other
has the advantage depending on the
category you're talking about but into
in today's world I think we should come
at it as something closer it appears so
that's my take on all right just looking
at your questions here somebody says
well Christina be a trophy wife I like
to think so
in all the good ways you know there's
nothing wrong with a trophy I like
trophies but obviously the we wouldn't
get married unless the the relationship
was real we've been together three years
so we don't have any illusions and I
have to tell you three years into it
it's better it's absolutely better three
years into it we're we're closer than
ever big wedding or small wedding
haven't even talked about it but not big
we're not planning on children prenup I
can't believe anybody would even ask
that somebody's asking me if I loved a
prenup I'm an economics major what do
you think can you tell us about the
mental prisons that you escaped and said
we're very weird and you didn't write
hmm I'm not sure I exactly understand
the story but in my book loser thing and
also in my book win big Lea I do talk
about bubbles that I've been in that I
got out of so I think that's your
question but it's better you want to see
the long version in the book it's more
entertaining
how can one third of people not have a
sense of humor
well so that's I've been famously saying
that a third of the public doesn't have
a sense of humor and also it doesn't
know it because if you don't have it you
don't know you're missing it you think
to yourself well I laugh at things other
people laugh at things like
I have a sense of humor but you can see
it in the wild where people will just
not even recognize a joke necessarily
unless other people are recognized at
first will you write a book regarding
your relationship and road to marriage
now you know one of the tricks of
writing is that you have to write about
other people I learned this the hard way
you you can imagine that if you're a big
celebrity you can write a you know your
own biography and people care because
you're a famous celebrity but people
mostly care about themselves so when I
write I'm saying to myself ok who's
who's the consumer for this and what's
good for them like how could I make
their life better by something I've
written it's it's got to be relating to
them and it's got to be about them
that's my personal writer personal
writer philosophy are the one third
without a sense of humor bitter and
unhappy I don't know I haven't noticed
that they're less happy they might laugh
less it I feel as though having a sense
of humor is sort of it's almost an
unfair advantage in life because there
are times when things are going really
poorly when I can't stop laughing have
you ever had this the situation where
something goes so wrong that it becomes
hilarious and you're actually genuinely
entertained and you can't stop laughing
because something's just so wrong now I
have that and I always think what if
when things went wrong you just felt bad
what if you were one of the people who
you get some bad luck and it just makes
you feel bad I thought that sounds
terrible because when I get bad luck
unless somebody's hurt you know unless
it's like a real problem but most
problems are just you know BS problems
but most of them just made me laugh I
cannot tell you how many times I've been
busted in a
in a personal relationship for laughing
at something that I'm not supposed to
laugh at it happens a lot I will laugh
anything that's wrong which sometimes is
good but sometimes your laughing is
something that's wrong and for other
people who don't think that's so funny
so it's a problem somebody's saying that
assertive itchin is covering the Jewish
stabbings in stabbing in New York City
you know I'm seeing headlines and
stories suggesting that anti-semitism is
on the rise now I don't know if that's
true because it's exactly the category
of things that could be reported as true
without being true I worry that it's
true and I would certainly say it's in
the category of a big problem that we
need to treat as seriously as possible
but it's the sort of thing they have to
ask yourself how is it measured before
how's it being measured now is it the
measurement that's different or is it
really more or is it really not more but
it feels like more because the way it's
being reported I would say I have great
questions on this category but questions
aside it has to be treated like it's I
mean it only makes sense to treat it
like it's one of the most serious things
in the world because this likewise since
it's the holiday season and I'm full of
love for my fellow humans there's a
tweet I retweeted from Judd Apatow now
if you don't know Judd Apatow a super
talented director of many hit movies you
know the including including a whole
bunch of funny hit movies you know about
the hangover 2 etc and he's super
anti-trump super anti drama and so he'll
he's got a pretty harsh Twitter feed
when it comes to Republicans
Trump but he tweeted I think it was
yesterday there why is it that China has
concentration camps for the weaker
minorities and we know it and we're sort
of not talking about it so I'm
paraphrasing you know very poorly the
Judd Apatow plenty of view that how
could it be how could it be and by the
way I don't know if Judd Apatow is
Jewish but that would be important in
this story because anybody who has the
Holocaust as sort of a an informing
history for themselves I think have to
ask some extra questions here you gotta
ask some extra questions if the
Holocaust is part of your history and I
don't know if that's the case with Judd
Apatow but if it is he's asking the most
respected question that you'll ever see
on social media and so I'm seeing people
saying that that he is Jewish but
whether he is or not that shouldn't be
too relevant to my next point which is I
can't think of an opinion I would
respect more than somebody with a Jewish
background who's got a lot to lose right
a public figure going in public and
saying you know what's up with
concentration camps in China how the
hell are you ignoring this all right I
respect that pinyin I really respect
that opinion because that is consistent
it is moral it's right it's everything
it's everything you want in an opinion
so i retweeted it with support for that
opinion and i like the fact that at
least on this issue Judd Apatow and I
would be an almost polar opposites for a
lot of political stuff but on this issue
there's just nothing to discuss on this
issue Judd Apatow is a hundred percent
right what's wrong with it why are we
ignoring this like it's a small business
it's not small business it's a million
people in a concentration camp because
of their religion
sound familiar
right big difference between uh alright
yeah I want to get too far into that but
uh just looking at your comments here in
case it gets quiet if you're listening
to this is the podcast when I go quiet
it's because I'm reading all right it
looks like we've extended our that we've
uh we've done everything we can do for
now so I will talk to you later