watch and I'm gonna teach you the
technique I don't know if I'll get all
the way to the end I'm just gonna do the
fun parts this stuff that you might want
might wonder about I always get
questions about this sort of stuff how
do you do it what's the process so I
thought I would show it to you live now
there's one part of the process I can't
show you alive because it's the only
thing you have to do privately which is
think of the idea and write it so what
I've started with and by the way let me
let me tell you what my equipment is and
I'll tell you the process so this is a
wacom w AC um wait is it om yeah w eh c
om Cintiq cin TI q you can google those
and find the latest models there are
newer models and this there's one this
little bit bigger that I'll be getting
pretty soon now it comes with some
controls which you can see over here
some controls and you can set those up
to be whatever key commands you want so
if there are a certain set of repetitive
keystrokes you can program them here so
I've got my copy in my paste and my safe
and everything top programmed in so you
learn essentially another skill on top
of drawing to use this equipment you
also learn almost like keyboarding over
again because with my left hand on I'm
using the controls I'm hitting the you
know the control button the shift button
etc my cat is gonna do a walk through
here so whoa hold on cat in the picture
we're having a cat problem cat tail live
stream all right so that's the equipment
I'm using a stylus in which I will draw
on the screen if you're wondering what
this is on my hand it's a it's a
photographer's cloth that normally
fingers I cut the fingers off and I
created a little glove that I use just
for drawing because when my hand is on
the screen I don't want the oil of my
hand to be on the screen so this is just
a little hack that somebody taught me
who was using the same equipment alright
now I have created a font in my own
handwriting specifically my cartoon
lettering in writing so I've got all of
the sentences in a list over here where
they appear in the room later meaning
you can treat them differently and
delete them in their own layer without
without affecting the rest of the
composition so I start with a file
that's got the boxes already drawn and
the next thing I do is I write the joke
this was a joke that was suggested
somehow I I forget how I got the idea
but it's about the character Alice who's
gonna have a bad hair day but because
it's the comic strip world the the bad
hair day has gonna be really really bad
so I've got the lettering in here and by
the way this is so creating another text
box if you hear that noise in the
background I can't go nuts on her
scratching post alright so below the
equipment I've got my keyboard which you
can sort of barely see here and I tuck
it underneath the wacom and by the way
the wacom can can go up like this to
become a standing desk so you can stand
up and write down on it or it could be
like this in more of an easel situation
or spray it up to be just a computer
monitor so this is also my general
purpose computer it's just a regular Mac
you could use a Windows machine as well
alright so if I wanted to add text I
would just select the text tool from the
toolbox it doesn't matter that you can't
see this clearly because I'm explaining
it as I go and I just select an area
and then I would just say this is a test
the text tool and that quickly I can
create an another box of text which I
can move around and once I've turned out
my little keyboard thing I can move it
around that you put it wherever I want
they can also change its size so I could
make it gigantic letters and then I can
make it I can make it go away because
that was just a test so the next thing I
do once I have it written is I start
boxing in sort of as a first draft who
are the characters and what positions
are they in
so this first box is going to be the
boss character and he's going to be on
his phone I had a meeting where others
are at the meeting and they're waiting
for Alice and they're wondering why
she's late the answer is going to be
she's having a bad hair day but I can
zoom in to the box it'll be a little
difficult to look at you and draw at the
same time so talk among yourselves so
this this box I've got here is a
navigation box so where wherever I move
things in the little box the the big box
moves as well so that's just a
navigation thing over here we've got the
brush sizes so I can change my brush
sizes they're over here all the tools
that I'm going to use the drawing tools
and the lines and eraser and then over
here or what in Photoshop are called the
layers so every time I add a new layer
to it it's treated separately so that
later I couldn't combine layers or get
rid of layers and it's just a
convenience for drawing alright so in
this first box the bosses could be on
his phone and he's going to be asking
something so I want to go to the layer
that I called the rough so
everything I draw now will be a layer
that will go away it's the first draft
layer later I'll be able to see that
layer from a higher layer in other words
I'll be able to see it as if I'm looking
through tracing paper to use an old
analogy and then I'll I'll do the final
drawing on the upper layer and when I'm
done I'll delete the bottom layer and
just have the clean final drawing so
what I'm doing now is the rough the
rough layer and I'm thinking okay it's
the boss he's on the phone he's at a
meeting so there's going to be some kind
of a table the Dilbert universe is
intentionally very simple I don't leave
out scenery and background because I
don't know how to draw it although
that's one advantage because I'm not
very good at drawing scenery and
background but I would become good at it
if it mattered I prefer that the
characters are really just the scenery
themselves so they usually may have a
coffee cup or a or a laptop or something
but I don't give them much stuff because
I don't want your your brain to be
looking at the picture and it would slow
down your flow of reading the dialogue
so as an artistic choice I simplify the
pictures to the characters I make the
characters stereotypical and ones that
you you recognize so that when you see
Dilbert or dilbert's boss or Alice or
any of them if you if you follow the
strip you know immediately who they are
that saves me a lot of time I don't have
to explain who the characters are
because you come to it already knowing
that and then I leave out the background
so you're not slowed down in your
processing of it you go right to the
character oh it's Dilbert I know
everything about Dilbert
what's he saying so I want to get right
to it because in comedy timing is
important so if I slow you down with
some detailed scenery you will not get
to the timing that I wanted to have all
right so I'm gonna have the boss he's
central to this so he's going to be
sitting here and he's gonna be on his
phone so I'm so I'm sort of rough
what it would look like for the boss to
be on his phone and by the way there's
there are very few things that are is
knowing to draw as somebody holding a
phone because drawing this part of your
arm and what it's supposed to look like
when you're on the phone is one of those
things that you don't notice as much
somebody's mentioning the iPad pro I
have the iPad pro you're actually you're
actually watching this periscope from
the iPad pro now I know what you're
going to say it's got a stylus you can
draw on it and it's pretty cool it's all
turtle but it's also this big right
drawing of something this big is going
to be an order of magnitude harder than
drawing on something this big and when I
said I'm probably going to buy I'm going
to upgrade to the next bigger one of
these it's so I'm going to add a little
bit but that little bit that little bit
that the next bigger size adds probably
would add something like 25% to my
productivity because you know when
you're doing this kind of drawing you're
moving stuff around a lot you're moving
Windows to draw then you got to pick
something and move something and find
something and you know merge one file
with another so there's a lot of real
estate you need and and just getting a
little bit more real estate can have a
gigantic impact on productivity so
that's why the the iPad is a wonderful
device but it's it's more of a hobbyist
toy on the road fun kind of thing
whereas if you're doing serious drawing
an art essentially a hundred percent of
all artists who do digital art are using
the same device so let me say that again
pretty much a hundred percent of
commercial artists who are doing any
kind of real work for pay or using
essentially exactly this set up now they
may be using other software I use
Photoshop but at least that you know
they're using that as well - whatever
who is as whatever else are using all
right so here's the boss he's sitting
here he's on his phone maybe he's got
one hand on the table like he's not so
happy so I'm just roughing out what that
would look like and I know he's talking
we'll all indicate so I don't forget
who's talking that he's there then I'm
gonna check the rest of the you have to
zoom out to look at the rest of the
composition because I want to figure out
who's gonna be talking later because I
don't want to create a picture in which
it will be hard to depict somebody
talking later so now I remind myself
who's talking
this will be a cut away to Alice
so I'll just rough that out so I could
so I know that's Alice with her big hair
she's gonna be on the phone - so she'll
have a phone
I hate drawing phones I think I've
mentioned that so I've gotta have a lot
of phones in this one we're gonna go
back to the boss will give him a
different look he'll be in the middle
this time so that's what the boss is
then back to maybe I might even stay on
the boss a little bit maybe I'll go up
I'll give a little different look I'll
give him a more of a close-up maybe now
probably change that so here's here's
the backup tool so I've got one of my
buttons programmed on my programmable
device over here that I showed you
earlier and so I can back up easily
because I didn't like the composition
I'm gonna go back and add in some other
characters but I want to make sure I get
the the speaking characters right and
then I'll build in the people around
them as needed
all right so it's the boss and the boss
I know this is gonna be a straight-on
view this is gonna be a straight on to
you and probably that's going to be a
straight on view I think I will make
this an exterior scene you're probably
wondering why do I sometimes draw an
exterior of the build
they're in and the answer is that it
breaks up the picture so if most of my
cartoons are a bunch of people talking
to each other at the office and you get
you get blind to people talking you need
something to break it up so I I often
had a building so I'll fill that
building in later but I give it a little
perspective and remind myself what I
mean and I can only add the exterior
when you can tell from the context that
the person speaking is the person I want
you to know is speaking so because this
is a continuation of a conversation
that's going back and forth the the
reader will know this since the the boss
is here first hearing Alice talk and
then he talks and Alice talks you're set
up to understand that when I go to the
exterior you know it's Alice's I'm sorry
it's the boss's turn turning to talk so
I can get away with changing changing
the picture to an exterior as long as
it's a lot obvious to my audience who
would be talking because there's a
little talking balloon that comes off of
that all right see I don't have anybody
else talking except in the end and
Dilbert is going to be doing a what I
call an afterglow line the afterglow
this is a term that I brought to
cartooning I don't know if any other
cartoonist has ever used this term in
cartooning
but the afterglow is the panel after the
joke so the joke is you know sort of the
punchline if you will it's going to
happen before the end and then the end
is just going to be one of the
characters giving you a little extra all
right so it's the punchline it could
have ended there easily that could be
the end and most cartoonists would end
with a punchline I always take it to the
afterglow because you get a little extra
a little extra so that's where that's
going to be so this will be the first
that Dilbert talks and he's going to be
looking in this direction so I just
remind myself that there's gonna be the
Dilbert there it's gonna be about that
big he's gonna be in there roughly that
position you don't need to see what I'm
drawing I'm just roughing out of Dilbert
well actually I'll blow it up see if see
if you can come close so you can see
that you know I didn't necessarily need
to give him any years or anything I'm
really just getting the size so I want
to know what position is in blah blah
blah
now remember everything I'm drawing now
it's going to be in the rough draft
layer that gets deleted later so I
actually would have you know I'm just
showing you the process here I wouldn't
have completed the first positioning
sketch even to that level of detail
normally it would be less so I didn't
like where he is I'm moving him down a
little bit I'll probably adjust all that
several times and I've got Alice saying
something over here she's gonna be here
in Alice will be I gotta go back now one
of the things you have to learn is
you're when you're doing text you're on
different layers and when you're drawing
and every time you cut and paste you add
a new layer and you can easily you could
easily get confused what layer you're on
so you continuously have to ask yourself
before applying a tool am I on the right
layer which it takes a long time to
learn so it takes a long time to
automatically pick a tool and then
before you use it say am I on the right
layer and and I still you'll see me be
on the wrong layer even during this
demonstration a bunch of times all right
so now I can see that the boss was
wounded that in the middle he's he's
going to be below the table here and
here we're gonna have Dilbert looking to
the side again here we're gonna have
the boss looking now we're not going to
have the Boston that this is the in this
panel something dramatic is going to
happen
the Alice's hair is going to turn into a
big fist and it's going to punch the
boss because that's what a really bad
hair day looks like
so I'll just block that out so I can
remember it and that'll have folks
sitting at the table and then we'll have
the boss recognize that Alice has
entered the room he'll just be looking
in this direction and that'll have Alice
at first she's standing and she'll be
looking at him and she'll have an angry
look on her face and with bad hair
she'll be reaching over and grabbing the
grabbing of the chair because I'm
indicating that she's just walked in and
she's gonna grab that chair now now that
I know where everybody is I can go back
and sort of plop them in as just
placeholders so I know that there's an
empty chair there and there and I know
we've got Alice alright so now I've done
the first draft I'm gonna click on that
layer that has all the drawing I've done
so far which are just placeholders and
I'm gonna lower the opacity gonna make
it less opaque meaning that it probably
disappeared on your screen now I can see
what I wrote but it's too light for you
to see and the reason I've lightened it
is because I'm gonna be adding things on
top of it and I'm just using it as sort
of a guide to where to put things so the
first thing I might add would be some
lines to indicate the table so I picked
the line tool and I just
approximately followed the line I had
before and just pick two points and drag
it and you've got a table doesn't take
long except I missed I missed my
connection there so delete that zoom in
so I don't make the same mistake again
and there's table
then I'm gonna I'm going to be creating
dialogue boxes before I show you this
let me say that I am completely aware
that what I'm gonna do next is an
inefficient process and then if I spend
some amount of time I could make this a
lot better process but I choose not to
do that because there's something about
what I'm doing now as inefficient as it
is there's some how I enjoy and gives me
a mental break from the process of
creating to do something mindless for a
moment and here's what I'm doing so I
used the line tool to put the outlines
of something like a balloon a speaking
balloon a speech balloon to the boss now
I just combine those layers so that the
lactis ones although all the lines
around this act is one but I don't have
quarters if I try to draw those corners
in by hand it's gonna make me crazy so
what I do is I have a file as nothing
but balloon corners it's got a sample
balloon yeah I know if I were using not
Photoshop I could use different software
and I could just grab that balloon and
reshape it but again
I'm conscious of the fact I'm doing
inefficiently for a reason it's part of
sort of an overall creative process of
thinking and acting and resting so the
resting is part of the is part of the
process too so I copied a corner from my
file I'm gonna drag it over there and
just discovered that I used the wrong
size line so I'm not gonna apply that
I'm going to get rid of that layer so
what I mean is that the lines I put
around the box I thought were a number
nine but I accidentally had inset not a
seven so those lines weren't the same
thickness as the corners I was going to
connect and so I got to go back
and find hmm now one of the things that
Photoshop does this maddening is it
hides things damn it so it hides and I
can't tell you how long I've spent
looking for this as long as I've used
Photoshop which is 25 years every now
and then there's a prompt that
disappears and sometimes it's just gone
and I can spend an hour looking for the
box to put in the brush size is there we
are all right no no no that wasn't it is
that there it is so I had to have the
line tool selected and that made the
problem show up after I made sure I
didn't have it covered
and now I've got size width 9 I'm gonna
put back the balloon size I'm holding a
button to tell it to draw it straight as
opposed to diagonal and then I'm going
to combine those layers and that becomes
all part of the background layer and
then I should also say that anybody
who's really good at Photoshop is
probably Jesus is probably gagging right
now because I'm not doing things in
necessarily the most obvious or
efficient ways I'm aware of that and I
would change it if it mattered
all right so I've just added a corner to
that balloon I won't make you watch
while I do the rest you can see that
that's how the balloons get made I'll
just add the other four corners later
here's the part I wanted to show you is
because somebody asked yesterday
the next phase I have a bunch of
templates for the characters heads
so here I've opened up let me make it
bigger so you can see this is a bunch of
templates for the boss's head so they
don't have expressions they just have
the the basic head shape that's because
if you draw the same basic head shapes
over and over again it makes you crazy
and it's actually one of the hardest
things to draw so drawing Dilbert's head
or wall-e or the boss their heads are
all interesting non-standard shapes so
it just saves me a bunch of time if I
start with a template now the template
that I put in is not the final art that
too is just the next level of draft so I
look at my positions and I say to myself
well that looks like a boss who is
roughly in this position and so I copy
that and put it in and then I make it
the right size so I got to shrink it and
then I gotta twist it and then you stick
it on there like that and then I hexa
dented up this so I have to delete a
little bit so I'm not writing over the
line I just put there these and make
sure I don't put with my final layer I
move them up to my draft layers lips
because that's where they belong alright
now since most of the rest of the
process is just more of this until we
get to the coloring phase the coloring
phase I would just change this art into
a bitmap first to get rid of all the
edges change it back to to greyscale and
then change it again from greyscale to
CMYK none of this means anything to you
unless you know how to use Photoshop and
then I could just use the bucket tool to
point and click and fill in the the
layer it's fill in the colors so the
coloring is easy you don't need to see
so I've got a boss here with
a little examples thing going on here
let me see here's a layer problem I
forgot to combine layers and so I was on
the wrong layer and that I have to back
up from that because I still had this
layer in I could actually make all the
layer solid for a while
there's a reason all right so now
everything here is a draft now here's
the hard part I have to figure out how
to get the blossom honestly phoned and
the problem is that a cell phone is
small it's mostly hidden by your hand so
know if you can see this process let's
say maybe I'll make it a little bit
bigger so I probably wouldn't normally
draw at this scale all right so this is
I might draw a little bit smaller than
this normally and then it gets shrunk
down when it's printed so here's the
hardest thing I draw oh and to make this
look like a phone from the back you
could just give it a little I'm a phone
camera button indication there now how
do you draw an arm it's sort of coming
toward you but coming off the person
does that look like it now you get to
see that even a professional cartoonist
does a lot of trial and error so for me
drawing is a lot of well does it look
like that doesn't look like that if you
were looking at it from that angle what
it would look like that what would it
look like so you have to actually this
process is a process of actually pulling
yourself you know and of your
environment and for a moment imagining
yourself in this imaginary world where
you're looking at a character who's on
the phone and then you're trying to see
it first and once you see it you try to
translate that onto the page and say
okay
this is what I'm seeing I'm seeing I'm
looking right at his elbow so I can't
tell that the elbow is connected so it's
going to be sort of like that then
there's a chair behind him and then I
just fill in some of the details I
always have them wearing their IDs now
this part of the boss was a just a
placeholder you can still see it right
this is where the boss's body is I don't
like that line make him a little
chubbier and we've got his hand out here
that's his sleeve and now we'll give him
hands he's got chubby little fingers all
right well back whoops hello then we'll
get back in there get back in there so
so you have to there's a lot of zooming
in and zooming out so when you zoom out
you could get a better picture of
whether you got the perspective right
and in this case I did not so there's
something weird about that line so I'm
going to get rid of it from the angle
that you're looking at it it's not as
obvious that I needed to do that but
trust me if you're looking at it
straight on it didn't make sense
all right now most of the art of
cartooning is about expressions if you
get the expressions right you know the
eyes and the mouth yeah you're 80% of a
cartoonist
so here the boss is a little angry at
Alice and getting rid of some stray
lines here and so I'd like to give him
the angry eyes where where they're just
straight lines with little dots so the
actual eye is he's so angry his eyes are
small and as his mouth is a little bit
turned down like that to indicate these
sort of unhappy while he's talking
so that's what one character would look
like when I'm done with drawing this
character I will go I will lighten it
again make it a lower level layer I'll
take my final layer and I'll go in
Tights
wasn't what I had in mind I'll go in
about this tightness and then this would
be the final layer now I usually wait
till I have all of these the first rough
in but I'll just give me the idea
all right so if this were my final layer
the brush would be too small for this
I'm gonna bump it up to 10 size 10 now
drawing a smooth oval is actually one of
the hardest things you can do so drawing
any of the characters noses or heads are
kind of kind of challenging so if you'd
like a good dose of inspiration watch
how hard it is for me to do the simplest
task that I do for my job and watch how
many times I'll have to do it before I'm
happy with it
now imagine that I've been doing this
for 30 years
so if you try to draw a character and
you say yeah I've tried this 10 times
and haven't gotten to write I've been
doing this 30 years the same stupid
drawings and it still takes me 10 times
to make sure that I like the line now
some lines are easy and some are hard
I'll show you think or hard ones in a
moment noses are hard but I kind of
nailed it on the first try alright so I
may have exaggerated so you can get away
with some imperfection in the in the
zoomed in version because when people
see it it's going to be much smaller and
any imperfection in that nose would be
unnoticed as long as you've got the
major in line in looking right alright
so I knew on that so I told you there
are some lines that are hard and some
that are easy this line below is an easy
because I don't need to lift my hand and
it's not an ark so well I'm going to
lift my hand but alright I told you it
was easy
and then I messed it up because I had a
or in fact there are I so typically the
easy lines and especially the ones that
don't have to be exact like the bosses
hair pretty much I will draw that
correctly on the first try this line of
his head is a tough one I got that close
enough
these lines are easy very easy the
boss's hair is easy his mouth is easy
this line is easy so the rest is easy
so the hardest two lines were the slope
of his head and the the circle that
forms his Nehru's now if I were to
complete this I would just continue on
and put them all together let me show
you how I make these exterior buildings
you've seen the exterior of Dilbert's
building probably so many times and you
say to yourself oh you just cut and
paste it but I don't and there's a
reason I literally draw every one of
these exterior buildings from scratch
even though they look the same and the
reason is they don't look the same so
your eye will not get as used to the
Dilbert comic over time if I allow the
the art and the look to drift so the
early the early way the characters look
is very different than the way they look
now and that's not unusual in comics
they will start with a certain look and
they'll sort of evolve over time if I
cut and paste the evolving stops so even
though I'm starting with templates to
just make it easier to do this I still
do the final layer by hand does that
allows it to drift and it's the drift
that makes it art if I did cut and paste
it you your brain would to detect that
effort
so it's the imperfections that make it
interesting which is hard to learn all
right so here's what I'm drawing this
building whoops
at the wrong tool I want to use the line
tool and I just start a beginning and an
end point yeah I'll see I don't know if
you'll be able to see this too clearly
but I first start with the outline of
the building I give it a little bit of
dimensionality there so it looks like
you're on the ground looking up a little
bit and then over time I've figured out
a design that has some detail on it but
it's still easy to draw and you'll see
that I'm first putting a sort of a
general shape to it and then I'll put in
a few windows
I don't put individual windows because
office buildings don't often have those
but now each of these has to be exactly
the right start and finish to be
compatible with the fact that you're
looking up so I'm not trying to be
parallel I'm trying to distort the
perspective the same way that you would
see it if you were from the ground now
if you were to try to draw this as
quickly as I am on the first try you
would be very frustrated because this is
very hard to do it takes a long time to
learn to do it this quickly now I'm
going to draw a second line just to give
some shape and dimensionality to it so
this would suggest that when you're
looking up you're seeing some edges from
this direction and maybe some shadow or
some edges that you would not see from
another angle so this just gives it just
a little bit of an accent so it doesn't
look flat so again I don't want to add
too much detail because I don't want to
fatigue the person
yeah and I don't want to ruin the timing
of the dialogue I want to get to a fast
but give it a little bit of texture a
little bit of of life all right so
you're the other seat and I'm gonna wait
on those so and then I saved my work
periodically I think you can see the
whole process now somebody says that I
ever take drafting no but interestingly
enough it that's that's the oddest
question because the history is so
interesting so the question was have I
ever taken a drafting class as somebody
thought my my strokes were controlled I
guess my grandfather who I am named
after my middle name anyway he's named
after him apparently was exactly like me
and meaning my personality so my mother
says that my grandfather was just like
me now I never met him because he died
the year that I was born well he was a
draftsman so my grandfather who I'm told
I'm just like who I never met so he
didn't ever influence me in person was a
draftsman now is it a coincidence that
that someone who was a draftsman has
someone later in the family he was also
an artist well turns out my mother was a
landscape artist you can see one of her
works on the wall there so my mother is
deceased but she did lots of commercial
landscapes in her small town and sold
sold basically every painting she'd need
so I have on one side I've got the
drafting skill on the other side I've
got another kind of artist so the odds
that I'd have some artistic talent were
pretty high and my sister also an artist
and so it's no surprise all right
with say how long you've been digital I
think choose that was in for I don't
know
long time so maybe 10 or 15 years 12
years something like that
any other questions so we'll upload this
on periscope somebody's saying do I do
one per day I do one per day on average
but I batch up my work so I might have a
day where I'm writing a day when I'm
drawing that sort of thing is it's
easier to write in certain parts of the
day and it's easier to draw in other
parts of the day so it's easier to write
in the morning when my brain is fresh
but I'm drinking coffee and you know I'm
kind of hyper in the morning it's not
good for drawing cuz you want your hand
to be calm and you're you know your body
and become to get the most you know
clean lines so I prefer drawing either
before I've had my coffee or at least
much of it or in the afternoon after
exercises ideal the very the very best
time for me to draw is an hour to after
I've exercised when my body is relaxed
was it hard to go from paper to computer
it was challenging I'm not sure hard is
exactly the right word I had enough
incentive to do it that I put in the
time one needs because you know it's my
job if it were my hobby I don't know
maybe it'd be a little too hard and I
would have said ask act with this but
because it's my job
I of course dove in and put in the
amount of work that one does for a job
and that was very manageable but let me
explain it a little bit
drawing is sort of a zen-like process
where you're just like do you and the
paper and the pen or the pencil and you
can really kind of get into a mindset
when you
that can be very enjoyable people who
were artists probably know what I'm
talking about but when you're drawing in
the computer it's sort of a hybrid
between what I just described you know
the fun of putting the lines on paper
and typing and coding because you're you
haven't your brain has to keep going
back and forth between the the tools
that you're using you know push this
button slide this hold this while you're
moving this you know copy what layer I'm
on so the amount of mental processing to
use the welcome is probably I know 10 to
20 times more mental requirement than
just drawing on a piece of paper and the
only thing you have to get wrong is like
well I guess left or you erase that but
what you get in return is a way better
art you have more options you can do
things that would just be too hard
manually you can add shading and tone
and texture or usually and but more
importantly it probably reduced my
workload by I don't well over half so
the time it takes me to make a comic
with the technology it's got to be at
least a hard 2% faster and if if time
matters to you then that's the preferred
thing so if all you want to do is enjoy
the the feeling of being an artist well
maybe a canvas and the piece of paper
are just what you need nothing wrong
with that but if you're a professional
and your time matters and you want and
you're being paid for creation you want
to hit free up as much time use your
hand as little as possible
you know conserve your resources then
the technology is the only way to go
it's called a Wacom Cintiq yes a Wacom w
AC om and uses a stylus to draw when
will this comic could be published July
twenty eighth twenty
how has current business environment to
change your approach and jokes
well of course like everything else in
the world I have to watch out for you
know the the new the new red lines about
what you can and cannot say in the exact
words you need and even though my job
and mocking things that are yeah maybe
not as useful as whoever invented the
thought they would be even I don't
necessarily annoy my audience so you
know one of the hardest things to do as
an as a creator is to understand that
you're creating a product and you have
customers and you're working for them so
if you're working for the audience it
doesn't make sense for you to also annoy
them with your own you know weird
thoughts and things that that they're
not going to appreciate
I save the weird thoughts for periscope
[Music]
no Dale is not my middle name do you
defend your copyright yes in all the
normal ways now it turns out that
defending my copyright you know it's
part of the job of the publishers and
the syndication company so you know
they're they're people in place to do
that and it's not really what when
somebody says do I defend my copyright
I don't defend it against audience
people the public sharing it with their
friends
all right so technically it would be
illegal technically it would be legal
for you to say hey here's my favorite
Dilbert and put it on social media
technically technically illegal you're
never going to have a problem with that
if you put two of them up then you're a
publisher
now you wouldn't get in trouble for -
and you wouldn't get in trouble if
several times during the year
or even several times during the month
you said oh I really like this comic I
want to share it on social media I'm
okay with that it's technically illegal
I'm okay with it
I like that you like it that's as far as
it goes
you know I it's not about the extra
attention it's not about somebody's
using it without my permission it's just
I like that you like it
all right that's these are not big deals
but if you started a if you started your
own Twitter account to publish my comic
every day or you tried to monetize it by
publishing it every day then you're a
publisher and then my publisher goes
after you because they say we have a
contract with this cartoonist and we are
the only publishing the Raptors and the
Warriors are playing well I'll have to
go watch that I think that's all for now
I'm gonna stop here thanks for watching
this and I'll talk to you later
oh go to Dilbert calm if you want to see
Dilbert I guess I should throw that in
there