I can pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey everybody come on in
here it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and you know you can't do that
without two things you need Scott Adams
present and you need coffee but you
don't even have to have coffee you could
have some kind of beverage that is your
favorite it could come in a cup or a mug
or a tanker - Stein or Chell so we're
Steinar a chalice something else the
vessel the thermos the flask or you
could have your coffee in a mug that
says this can you read it see if you can
read this I don't want to ruin it for
you by doing the reveal but it looks
like I might have to it says capitalism
delivers what socialism promises so I
got this in the mail today
somebody somebody is making coffee mugs
they say capitalism delivers what
socialism promises I imagine if you do a
google search on that with that phrase
and coffee mug it will pop right up but
I got mine make sure you get yours and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine producing
amazingness of the simultaneous Impa so
if all goes well today I'm gonna have a
guest I tried to have yesterday but I
had technical difficulties my guest has
been he's recovered from TDs and I
wanted to talk to someone who had gone
through the process of having Trump
derangement syndrome and somehow
recovering because it's a rare thing but
before we get to that I'll give a few
minutes to make sure that everybody's
here I want to talk about so I always
like to tell you what's weird about
being me because I have the strangest
life because I'm a little bit famous but
most of the time I'm not meaning that
99% of my life is
just ordinary life like anybody else but
1% of the time weird things happen to me
because I'm a little bit famous
and one of them is that when I read the
news it's not unusual for me to be in
the news
so today's one of those days so Google
kicked up an article by Jonah Goldberg
in National Review and he's talking
about Trump giving people nicknames and
he quotes me and I want to read that
quote because damn it did I lose it I
want to read that quote because it talks
about me so he's talking about Trump
giving people nasty nicknames and then
he said in response cartoonist and
prominent Trump's planners got Adams
tweeted quote I don't know if Pelosi is
crazy as Trump suggests but she did just
start a public insult or with the busses
with the best public insult er in the
solar system
alright so that's what I said so
remember what I said so you can compare
that to Jonah's criticism of what I said
so I'm gonna say it again so this time
just remember what I said so you can
compare it I said that I don't know if
Pelosi is crazy as Trump suggests but
she did just started public insult or
with the best public insult her in the
solar system so all right then Jonah
says Adams is wrong on two counts so
what follows are the two mistakes I made
number one Trump's insults aren't all
that clever did I say they were clever
one needn't be a modern-day HL Mencken
or Oscar Wilde to come up with lyin Ted
Allen Frankenstein little Michael
Bloomberg blah blah blah their second
grader insults now where did I say that
Trump's that Trump's nicknames are a
clever I talked about them being
persuasive and effective is that the
same not really cuz clever suggests it's
hilarious and it is hilarious in its own
way but it's hilarious because it's
persuasive because you shouldn't be
doing it you
was a little bit naughty and that sort
of thing but it's but I never made the
claim that it's clever in any kind of an
HL Mencken Oscar Wilde way alright so
the first criticism is of something that
didn't happen right what's the second
one second the notion that Trump's
Barb's are equally effective across
ideological or partisan I'll miss reads
the political landscape what yeah at
what point have I ever said that Trump's
Barb's are equally effective across on
both sides of the political aisle I've
literally never even had that thought in
fact the first time I ever thought about
that difference was when I read a
criticism of my thoughts about it so
there's there are two two criticisms
about things that literally just never
happened nor are they in evidence in
this but here's the funny part the thing
that you wouldn't know this is the
second generation Goldberg to insult my
my work now first of all I know I know
Jonah a little bit and so I'm just
having some fun so don't take any of
this too seriously
Jonah's father by weird coincidence was
top executive a top executive at the
cartoon syndication company their first
syndicated Dilber a United media so I
actually know Jonah because I met him
many years before he was famous for
writing about politics I'd met him
because I knew his father and worked
with him in my early cartoon career now
what's interesting is his father once
told me that he could draw Dilbert
better than I could because it didn't
take that much talent to do it and which
is a strange thing to say for somebody
you're working with but he meant it he
wasn't joking he said that it didn't
take much talents to do what I did and
if he thought of doing a comic about
business first well he'd be doing it
instead of me
uh-huh so I've actually never been
insulted by two generations of
Goldberg's
and I just had to pension it all right
but again I like Jonah I'm not I'm just
having some fun but the criticism scene
seems a little little off-base all right
we got a bunch of stuff to talk about
let's check the time and I'm gonna go in
and see if Joshua is on here let us see
there is I'm gonna bring out my guest
Joshua
LASIK I'll ask you about if I pronounced
that correctly Joshua I hope you're
ready Joshua do you hear me I can hear
you you could tell me how to pronounce
your last name properly why sec liesecke
okay Joshua LASIK now you responded to
my request for to talk to somebody who
once had Trump derangement syndrome but
maybe I helped talk you out of it or
maybe you command came out of it
yourself does that accurately describe
you that does yes and how bad did you
have it oh and tell me what is your
political leaning do you naturally lean
left to right would you label yourself
yeah I would say I'm center-left a
reasonable liberal yes we do exist all
right so you had terrible thoughts about
Trump could you could you summarize what
terribleness you thought were the
problems in particular yes and I can't
even give some context about a year
prior to the 2016 election I had been
with a listener of sam Harris's podcast
and of course that you know a left-wing
ecosystem kind of the the intellectuals
of the left we're predicting that this
guy was going to be opening
concentration camps and deporting you
know the millions of illegal immigrants
and starting World War 3 and sexist
racist bigoted homophobic ELISA nated no
I would have to say is it kind of
looking back is what was happening but
at the time I was fully convinced while
these smart people are saying these
terrible things are going to
happen they seem to have be pretty
confident so why would I why would I
believe otherwise
right so would you say that it was the
group thinking that influenced you more
than say your own critical thoughts
about the facts definitely yes like a
like a lot of people I mean you know as
a busy person I don't necessarily have
you know hours on end to do all the
research and the deep-diving myself and
so I would look at these kind of you
know commentators podcasters so-called
journalists who I do the things I
respected right so it's a it's a
perfectly reasonable shortcut because we
can't we can't think through every topic
to the bottom you have to rely on people
to you know sort of give you the give
you the cliff notes there all right so
what was it that changed what how did
you how did you come out of it give us
the the brief journey there yes
reflecting on it I have to point I think
there's three specific things that
happened that were like you know cracks
in the other movie screen that I was
watching right the two movies on one
screen so there were some cracks on my
screen right crack actually was how sam
harris personally you know after the
2016 election for unrelated reasons was
kind of dragged through the reputation
mud by establishment left wing
commentators intellectuals and media and
i personally knew this guy Sam Harris is
no bigot or a llama phobe or anything
like that
I saw the same people that were saying
Trump is evil they were saying Sam
Harris is evil yeah that's really
interesting all right so so once you saw
that the same treatment could be applied
to somebody you did know about and you
felt confident then that made you doubt
this is the same treatment they were
giving to Trump who you didn't know as
much about but now you're saying mmm if
they were wrong before all right go
ahead what was your second yes so that
was the first crack is there they're
turning on on Sam Harris especially like
Vox and that whole disaster so that
would be the first one the second one
actually is a far left friend
my posted on Facebook an article in
Rolling Stone this is I think it may be
a little over a year going to be a year
a half ago before my son was born I'm
thinking in terms of the timeframe so
the article the headline it was
something that was just sounded terrible
that we expected to happen is a headline
with something to the effect of Trump
rolls back child labor laws
oh no this evil terrible person
sweatshops you can just see the
sweatshops in your head right and
everyone's showing it's thousands of
shares all this man's evil hashtag
impeach now right right right I go when
I read the article the article is about
how the Trump administration is
instituting a new labor rule which
allows blue-collar employers to hire
sixteen seventeen year old high school
graduates to work at their companies as
apprentices I'd say I completely agree
with that the headline was so far
removed from that it was a hyper
exaggeration that was a second crack in
the night I said to my wife I said how
many other Trump rolls back child labor
laws headlines have we seen daddy women
we had read the story we just couldn't
read
so it was the third thing yes the third
thing with you and so this was a little
like in a little over a year ago before
the hoax funnel so this is a little over
a year ago
the hoax tunnel it looked kind of like a
wind tunnel you had this drawing on your
whiteboard and you listed the various
media hoaxes or exaggerations or a lies
about president Truong don't start with
the big list up with this little one and
work your way through it looked like a
wind tunnel right so like work your way
through the hoax tunnel and you realize
you know maybe there are legitimate
reasons to to you know vote for someone
else in my case I'm kind of on the
Andrew yang bandwagon for 2020 but
reasons you know to like president
Trump's results in an administration and
there's
you know reasons to maybe not approve
but these are not any of those reasons
all right so what's unusual about your
journey is that it involves reason and
you know actually learning which is so
rare and you know I think it helped a
lot but you said you were your sort of
moderate left-leaning your your
appreciation for Andrew yang this sort
of speaks to that
I mean yang is a yang is half a
Republican I you know I don't know what
he is I don't know how he could get
elected because he's he's only half one
side and half the other but all right
that that is very interesting now did
you get any pushback from your friends
who presumably remain Trump haters well
whenever I bring up something like the
anybody shared a headline or out here
about what Trump did today and I'll say
well I looked into that story actually I
read past the headline in the article
and actually it was ABC and then just as
you predicted in the in the what would
it be there
the vfp hoax funnel where they just say
well maybe that's being some truth but
this other thing and so it's just like
hopping from one thing to another and
maybe they'll get to the point where
it's something that like okay I actually
agree I'm not a fan of President did
Joshua did you see the video clips of
the times that President Trump used the
same mocking expression as he was blamed
for mocking the reporter who had that
they had to cap with his arm have you
seen the compilation clips the show he
does that all the time with other people
now times how I think it was on your
timeline right yeah so the the the news
funnel completely protects people who
are the Trump haters from seeing the
exculpatory video they just never see it
and so you can kind of understand why
why uh you know why people are fooled
now you had you had the ability to start
with the Sam Harris who I would say is
actually not really political in a way
wouldn't you say yeah yeah and I think
that the type
people he was having on his his podcast
had some sort of either political
affiliation or their economists their
commentators or technologists and for
their own reasons they had fears about
about possibly being an existential risk
like Eric Weinstein I think that was a
Weinstein phrase existential risk yeah I
even when I disagree with Sam Harris
I appreciate that he's trying to get
there through some kind of process of
reason and facts and discovery and you
know learning etc like he's trying to
get get to places through rational
processes unfortunately he lives in an
irrational world so that's gonna have a
limited effect on on people's minds
alright so Joshua thank you so much and
I'm sorry about my miscue yesterday my
tactical error that delayed this till
today but this is fascinating so
anything else you want to add yeah I
just saw a comment in here I want to
respond to somebody asked is he an
artist or an engineer and you would you
probably expect just like yeah Andrew
yang I am both so I I'm an aunt newer I
own I own my own business I'm a real
estate investor as well but my my main
business is as a ghostwriter so its
creativity its writing so I own I own a
creative business in addition to another
enterprise so a little bit of both and
want to give your company a plug what's
the name of your business
oh sure sure yes it's it's entrepreneurs
wordsmith entrepreneurs smith.com is my
business
I've ghost written 42 full-length books
since 2011 so we're celebrating eight
years this month all right what kind of
books do you go straight a certain genre
or anything most of them tend to be a
business books entre nourish at books by
by thought leaders or aspiring thought
leaders who are maybe experts in a
specific niche or or industry and they
want to go mainstream and so they see a
book being something that can open the
door to a greater awareness of their
personal brand and credit excellent Oh
excellent and if somebody wanted to
reach you on Twitter tell them your
twitter twitter and handle sure at
joshua liesecke why SiC is spelled lis
see it me up at Joshua a sec great
thanks Joshua we're gonna go on with the
show and I appreciate you very much
thanks great it all right boy all right
that was interesting and fun all right
let's talk about some other things in
the news
Kellyanne Conway is in trouble for
alleged multiple violations of the Hatch
Act and President Trump says he's not
going to fire her because there's some
government entity that says she's in
violation of these things do you know
what seems to be the new theme you know
I talk about this all the time but the
more I talk about it the more clearly
you can see it it's one of those things
that the first time you hear this idea
that I'm gonna introduce or reintroduce
you don't quite believe it but you have
to see a lot of it and then you say yeah
I'm seeing too much of this for this to
be a coincidence and here's the thing
there's not any news anymore that's the
thing the end of news we're not having
real news because we're doing such a
good job the whole country really about
dealing with our hardest problems and
when things when problems are being
reduced it doesn't really make a news
story you want big problems and crises
and things like that so have you noticed
that the news has turned from big gnarly
problems to maybe 75% of the news would
fall into the category of this that
feels like it might be illegal is that
illegal I can't even tell if that's
illegal what are the lawyers say well
some of the lawyers say it's illegal but
some of these lawyers say it's not
illegal I can't even tell if a crime has
been committed
am I wrong the entire like 75 percent of
the entire news is stuff you can't even
tell is really illegal because I'm
looking at so I don't again I'm not a
lawyer so this hatch act says something
about Kelly and Conway being a a paid
part of the administration is not
allowed to say negative things about the
the other team so she can't say bad
things about
the other side while she's being paid to
which I said to myself are you kidding
me well that's a law there's a law
denying Kellyanne Conway freedom of
speech did you know that did you know
there's a law that says the Kellyanne
Conway and people in that kind of job
don't have freedom of speech what now
here's the thing like I said I'm not a
lawyer and if I had a lawyer here you
could be quite certain that that lawyer
would say yes there are good reasons for
this law you know people on both sides
liked it here's the reason if we didn't
have this this is what would go wrong
but honestly it's not obvious to me what
that is I I suppose it's because people
in certain positions would have too much
power maybe they would have much too
much influence perhaps people would take
them too seriously
you know those would be pretty good
arguments but are those arguments better
than freedom of speech are you kidding
me are you telling me that a human being
can stand in public in the frickin
United States and say any any I want to
swear now because it makes me mad but to
tell me that a human being in the United
States a legal citizen can't stand in
public and say any fricking thing they
want to say I'm not cool with that
you're gonna need a really good reason
now I understand if it's slanderous etc
but we have specific rules about that
and that's not about the free speech so
much it's about slandering and you know
injuring somebody but well so anyway the
Kellyanne Conway thing is just another
lawyer versus lawyer thing that we won't
fully understand and we're not really
sure that something is illegal you know
so just like obstructing injustice you
know the president is accused of
collusion which we don't really even
know if it's a crime or not it doesn't
feel like it and maybe he did something
with his campaign contributions because
of stormy Daniels and it feels like it's
kind of sort of illegal but we can't
really tell and maybe he obstructed
justice or obstructed injustice but what
he was obstructing was something that
wasn't really even a crime well wasn't a
crime and and was he really obstructing
or was he just doing his job it seems
like all of the news is just this this I
can't tell if it's illegal if you and I
break a law don't you usually know it
that's the different things the
different thing about our our existence
is when we break a law we usually know
it all right we have to talk about Iran
I have an evolving opinion on the
Iranian the accusations that Iran was
behind the the attacks on the the
tankers and the and the Gulf there and
at first here was my initial thought so
when Pompeyo made his statement I said
to myself hey Pompeyo was saying that
Iran is behind this but what does
President Trump say because let me be as
as completely clear about this as I can
I I don't have any bad feelings or
anything really I don't know Mike Pompeo
so I don't have some strong opinion
about his job performance or anything
else
it looks pretty strong from my position
it looks like Mike Pompeo is is an
amazing amazing servant public servant
and but he has the kind of job that you
should not trust meaning that no matter
who's in that job whether it's Pompeo or
democrat or another republican it
wouldn't matter you can't really trust
what they tell you about what another
country did now we all know that
President Trump is accused of 10,000
factual errors by his by his opponents
and although most some of those are
exaggerated fact-checking and they
weren't really that wrong or they
weren't wrong at all still we would
agree that President Trump can use some
hyperbole so you had a situation here
where where Pompeo is in a
that you shouldn't trust what he says
just automatically and yeah and so you
say you shouldn't trust that and then
the president is known for his hyperbole
so you have to be careful is it
negotiating does he believe it does he
just want Iran to hear it you have to be
careful but here's here's what caught my
eye the first statement I believe that
President Trump had made about it was to
quote Pompeo so I think his first
statement it was just a tweet in which
he quoted Pompeo to say it is the
assessment of the US government that
Iran is responsible for today's attack
in the Gulf of Oman now if you heard
that President Trump did not say
directly I think Iran did this or that
Iran did this but rather he simply
tweeted a quote by an underling what
does that tell you about president
Trump's confidence that it was Iran
because if he were confident he would
say Iran did it so the first thing I
flagged was hey why is the president
softening this by not saying it directly
but he's letting his underling say it's
the assessment that feels like it not
quite sure and it feels like the
president is leaving himself a little
wiggle room so he can say well my people
thought it was true if you know we
changed her mind or something later and
he'd have a little bit of wiggle room
there but apparently he went on Fox &
Friends this morning and said indirect
language this is the president and I'm
quoting
Iran did do it sorry now he said
directly and you know it because you saw
the boat so I think by now most of you
seen the video of what appears to be an
Iranian a small naval boat that pulls up
next to the damaged tanker and and
somebody reaches up and removes what is
obviously one of these limpet mines
that's stuck to it they had not exploded
so so one of the mines on the other side
of the ship had exploded but this
particular one had had not exploded and
the Iranians on the boat allegedly were
removing it so now the president has
seen this video
and so he's willing to make the direct
statement Iran did do it and you know it
because you saw the boat all right now
you know it because you saw the boat in
other words that's the primary evidence
is you'd know it because you saw the
boat now it's also true that these
limpet mines have been used before and
they're they're associated with Iran but
here's the other thing that Pompeo said
Pompeo said that there were no other
entities in the area they had the
expertise you know the the ability to do
this kind of attack now you watched if
you watch the video you saw how much
expertise it takes to execute the attack
are you ready I'm going to demonstrate
all of the expertise it takes to do this
attack you want to see it again that's
an entire Iranian naval attack grab a
limpet mind pull up next to the tanker
attach it to the tanker sail away now
nobody's saying that the people who put
the limpet mine on the tanker invented
it right it seems to me that anybody in
the Middle East who is a bad person who
had connections to arms dealers etc is
it really that hard to get your hands on
a limpet mine and is it hard to have a
boat I can pull up next to a tanker and
attach it because apparently that's all
you have to do I think they might have
to you know set it for a timer so
apparently there are two ways these
limpet mines explode one is with the
timer one is with some kind of distance
trigger but in any case I don't believe
that limpet mines were designed so that
you need to be a nuclear scientist to
operate it it's probably got a button
and a timer so when Pompeo says we don't
know anybody else who has the
sophistication to pull this off I say to
myself you have not demonstrated any
sophistication in fact the facts and
evidence
are exactly the opposite of
sophistication somebody in a small boat
pulled up to a big bow and went like
this with their limp it mind now maybe
it's a little bit hard to get a limpet
mine but in the Middle East I feel like
that wouldn't be too hard so here are
some here are some questions that are
still out there
uh oh and first number one if you're
trying to determine what's the truth of
this my cat here is attacking me so you
can't see her below the be lovely camera
so now that we have the video
oops cat coming through
[Music]
cats she sees me doing this she gets
very jealous of the whole operation
alright look at the audience boo all
right carry on so now that we have the
video of this alleged Iranian ship
pulling up to the tanker here's the
thing that you need to look for Iran has
denied involvement originally but when
Iran denied involvement they were
denying it based on no specific evidence
being presented now there is specific
evidence of what appears to be cleanly
clearly an Iranian vessel which
suspiciously did not have a flag and
suspiciously all of the sailors did not
have uniforms on and even more
suspiciously here's my favorite part did
you did you see the video of the boat
the small boat that is allegedly Iranian
and the people taking the limpet mind
off mine off did you notice they were
they were probably like 15 sailors just
standing right next to the mind
now I'm no explosive expert I don't know
much about the military I don't know
much about limpet mines but I'll tell
you one thing if I were the person who
was not directly responsible for
reaching up and taking the limpet mine
off the tanker I wouldn't be standing
right next to him
because you gotta think that that thing
just might go off I would sort of get to
the back of the Iranian alleged boat
just in case it went off I might even go
below deck just so the explosion didn't
get me so what was going on there
now here's another piece of evidence
apparently some of the facts are
conflated in my mind but basically the
Iranian Navy did rescue some of the
people from the tanker it was I don't
know if it was this one but we know that
the Iranians were involved in a rescue
mission they took some of the sailors
off when that mine was noticed so put
this together what are the two
explanations not just one but what are
the two different movies that perfectly
explain this alleged Iranian boat taking
the limpet mine off well movie number
one they put it there in the first place
and they wanted to remove the evidence
because they didn't want it to be
obvious that a limpet mine had been used
because that would tie it to a ran and
so when it didn't go off the Iranian
said oh darn one of our limpet mines
didn't go off we better go retrieve it
because that would be obvious evidence
that it came from us so that's movie one
here's movie to the Iranians rescued
some of the sailors we know that if the
Iranians were willing to rescue sailors
would they not also be willing to remove
the mine that was still stuck to the
side of their boat their ship doesn't it
make complete sense
both of those movies in one movie they
had to remove the evidence that showed
they were guilty of the other mind that
did go off in the second movie they said
holy crap let's rescue these people
their boats on fire and I look there's
still a mine stuck to the boat we'd
better get that off of there because we
know how to do this they can't reach it
but we can pull our boat up and we can
reach it whereas they can't they can't
from the top they can't reach down and
get the mine off
so here's what's missing you need to
look for a direct statement from Iran as
to what that ship was and what it was
doing if Iran says that wasn't ours well
then you have to deal with that if they
say yes that was ours and we were trying
to help well you have to answer that and
if they say it was ours and and we were
just helping we have to explain why it
wasn't flying a flag and why the sailors
were not in uniform so we got a lot of
questions here right I would say the
fact that they were oh and then next
what good does it do you do not have a
flag and not have uniforms if the ship
that you're on is so unambiguously an
Iranian vessel how does that make sense
did the Iranians think that that tooling
around in a well-known Iranian vessel
they would be invisible because they
didn't have their uniforms on and a flag
this is this is a pretty serious
military vessel I mean it wasn't a giant
one but it's unambiguously a military
vessel and unambiguously belongs to Iran
apparently I don't know how many other
ones there are anyway so I would say at
this point yesterday I said it was a
coin flip I said based on what we knew
there was a 50-50 proposition that Iran
was behind it based on what we know
today that percentage goes way up at
least 75% there was ran' but if Iran
makes no comment about this ship if they
simply don't mention it they're guilty
what do we agree on that right would you
agree that if Iran never mentions the
video of the ship they don't mention it
to say that they were helping they don't
mention it to say that it wasn't there
as they just don't mention it Tenace
them and and that would be confirmation
I would say that takes it 200% so wait
give them about few days probably 48
hours maybe a week if they don't mention
it you know for sure if they do mention
it I'd sort of listen to what they said
because we would be surprised you never
know but 75% chance it was Iran and that
what they were trying to do was create
some they were trying to shake the box
this is what President Trump does all
the time with negotiations the variables
were not set up in a way that was good
for Iran they didn't have any good ideas
so they said well if we don't have any
good ideas let's just shake this box get
some different variables going so having
some minor damage on some tankers there
that were and it's obvious that these
attacks whoever did these attacks did
not want the cargo to reach the water
think about that whoever did the attacks
did them in a very specific way they
would minimize loss of life and would
not sink the ships it would just decide
them from doing business that's a very
interesting thing for a for anybody to
do and it certainly speaks to the false
flag possibility because if it was if it
were a false flag it would be somebody
who didn't want to kill innocent people
and didn't want to pollute the water
they just wanted to make it look like an
attack but you would also say quite
reasonably that's exactly what Iran
would want to do because Iran also
didn't want to kill people from some
innocent country that had nothing to do
with them and Iran also didn't want to
pollute the water right around their
country so in both cases you had whether
it was them or not them you had a reason
to not do a more serious attack which
also suggests that our response to it
should be muted meaning that we probably
have to respond in some way I suppose
maybe we'll just tighten sanctions or
whatever but it's clearly not a military
provocation of the type that was
designed to be big enough to cause a
bigger fight it seems so intentionally
limited in scale that that that should
tell you something all right as I was
watching changing the topic watching the
coverage of the President
statement about what he would do if he
got information from a foreign country
or a foreign leader and and he was asked
you know would you listen to the
information or would you give it to the
FBI and the president said directly he
said I'd probably do both he said he
listened to it and he'd give it to the
FBI I think all day long his critics
were arguing that he wouldn't give it to
the FBI it seems to me that he I'm going
to delete this critic here it seems to
me that everybody kept saying my god
this president he wouldn't tell the FBI
if he got information from another
country but his answer was probably he
would but he would also listen to her
first I have not heard anybody have you
heard any critic actually criticized
what he actually said I haven't heard it
yet have you have you heard any critic
accurately criticized what the president
said and then make a criticism that
suggests they actually heard what he
said
none I was somebody bought some wind
tokens and is waiting to be a
billionaire thank you so it's
fascinating because you know I said from
the start that you do both in other
words you listen to the information and
if it's problematic you tell the FBI why
wouldn't you so that's more of a news
I'm gonna make a prediction here I don't
believe I've ever made this prediction
and it's a dangerous one because it goes
quite against expectations and it goes
like this I believe at some point before
the end of the president's
administration whenever that happens
whether it's you know one term or two
pretty sure it's gonna be too but
sometime before the end of his
administration you're going to learn
this
as a prediction just a prediction that
Russia was not necessarily behind the
hack of the DNC now you might not learn
that it was an inside job that's a
separate question but more and more it
seems to me that when you hear officials
talk about it
they talk about it's highly indicated or
they're pretty sure or they have a high
degree of confidence that Russia did it
and I gotta say I'm not convinced
because here's here's the thing that I
can't get past yeah somebody is
mentioning the 17 agencies we remember
that the statement that that Russia
definitely did it is that the bottom of
a lie funnel the lie funnel started at
the top and said there are 17 agencies
who all agree that Russia did it that
was the beginning of the lie later there
were individual entities the said oh
okay well wasn't us you know we didn't
say this but others did and then it was
well okay it's not it's not all these
people but really there was there was a
small working group in which we pulled
people from the various groups then you
find out that it was you know Sony
hand-picked those people and then it was
hand-picked you know that it's really
just the hand picker so it wasn't from
everybody agrees - well it wasn't
everybody but it was some important
people okay it wasn't all the agencies
per se it was individuals within the
agencies okay they weren't just randomly
selected individuals they were
hand-picked which really means it was
just one person Russia did it so here's
what's wrong with the story it started
out with a big truth absolutely no doubt
about it 17 agencies you know 17
agencies agree and by the time it shrunk
down its all the way down to we have a
high degree of confidence because a few
people said so and by the way this could
be faked that's the part nobody tells
you nobody tells you how easy it would
be to fake that it looked like Russia
so I'm gonna put that prediction out
there that before the end of the Trump
administration ends before his terms are
over then we will learn that we did not
know it was Russia and that and that
they've been we've been signaling it by
using language such as high degree of
confidence when you watch the news does
the news ever say we have a high degree
of confidence that Russia hacked the DNC
have you ever heard any pundit use that
language which is actually the official
language the official language is that
it we have a high degree of confidence
that's pretty different than we're sure
they did it that's pretty different
because we've had highs high degrees of
confidence on things that are wrong
before all right Sarah Sanders has
decided to leave the administration that
must be the hardest job in the world I
see on Twitter a number of people are
recommending me for the job I would be I
would be the most awesome I would be the
most awesome replacement for Sarah
Sanders but I couldn't take the pay cut
so I'm not in not in it for the job but
I gotta tell you I would be awesome with
that job but you don't want it all right
that's all I got to talk about today
anybody have any questions anything
you'd like to see yes and
congratulations to Sarah Sanders I think
I think history will be kind to her for
having the hardest job in the world and
doing it with grace and talent and and
making know making everybody look good
so I think she was she was amazing so
there's some photos of Jim Acosta in a
bookstore signing some of his books and
and nobody was around and people were
making fun of him because nobody was in
line nobody recognized him he was just
you know lonely there signing his book I
have to tell you something I've done
a lot of book signings and first of all
it is a thing to just drop into a big
bookstore and just sign some books so so
it's it's very common for a famous
author to walk into a bookstore and just
say hey I'm the author of that book you
have on that table do you mind if I sign
some for your store because I'm around
and all that does is that sort of
kick-starts your book in one of the
stores and you can get a little bit of
momentum going at least in one store so
that's probably what a costumers doing
he probably just went to see if his own
book was being presented well and then
said hey I'm Jim Acosta let me let me
sign it but the other possibility is
that he showed up for a book signing and
nobody showed up and I say that because
I have done major book signings where
literally nobody showed up
so I've done book signings where people
were lined up literally outside in and
all the way around the block I've done
book signings where you couldn't see the
end of the line they just you know
disappeared into the distance but I've
also done a number of book signings
where literally nobody came and it was
just me sitting at a little table and by
the way this happened at the at the
height of my Dilbert Fame when when
Dilbert was just the hottest comic going
and I would go to a bookstore and I
would sometimes just sit at a table and
the staff would just be embarrassed and
they'd be trying to make conversations
like well I I think people are gonna
come in any minute yeah maybe it's the
weather I think it's the weather
probably probably maybe not everybody
read the publicity but they'll be coming
in any minute now
and an hour later when nobody's come in
then the staff starts asking for
autographs and that's when it gets
really embarrassing like that the
assistant assistant manager will come
over with three books say oh you know
I'm glad that you're not busy would you
like to sign my books and really it's
it's basically because they literally
feel embarrassed for you they you spend
your day sitting at a table talking to
no one so point is don't do not take
that as an indication to how much people
like Jim Acosta's book because it's not
that unusual to show up to a book
signing even when you're famous and even
if you're a best-selling author and
nobody shows up it happens all right
that's all I got to talk about and
somebody says Kellyanne was supposed to
replace Sarah I don't know I don't know
seems like Kellyanne would have had that
job already if that's the job she wanted
all right all right that's all for now I
will talk to you later