well we've got a little bit of a uh
streaming lag here so I'm going to oh
there we
am got to print my notes and we'll be
good to go in mere moments Today's show
is going to be a little extra
awesome I don't know why it's just I get
better every day or the news is funnier
as we get close to the election I'm not
sure what's going on but I can tell you
this for sure it's going to be a good
day allow me to grab my
[Music]
notes all right good morning everybody
and welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams pretty sure you've never had
a better time especially with caffeine
if you'd like to take this experience up
the levels that nobody can even
understand well all you need for that is
a cup or Mar glass a tankered cheler
Stein a Canen Jugger flaska vessel of
any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine h
of the day the thing that makes
everything better is called a
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go
oh God that's good
Sublime well let's jump right into the
news well according to the article in
the BBC retiring in your 60s is becoming
an impossible thing and 75 is a new 65
and people are going to work longer is
that a good thing or a bad thing you
tell me suppose people
start retiring at 75 instead of
65 good for the world or bad for the
world I say good I say good because
there are several things behind that
number one uh everybody knows that
people retire and do nothing and tend to
die and if your brain is inactive you
get your Alzheimer's faster and
basically it's really unhealthy for
people to
retire now when I say retire I think
retirement means a different thing than
it used to because I consider myself
retired right
now I work I don't know 65 hours a week
or something but I consider myself
retired because close to 100% of what I
do is my choice don't have to do any of
it so if you're doing what you want to
do it's a completely different
experience you know work is not work
when you want to be there so if you can
manage man to build up at least enough
assets so that when you're over 60
you're doing something that you like
instead of something you can't stand
then I'd say working is better than not
working I mean I'm the perfect example I
I have every ability to completely
retire and sit on the beach and when I
think about it I think oh imagine myself
on the beach I'm in Maui and the Sun is
warm and I've got the sand in my toes
and has it been 5 minutes cuz I'm really
bored I can't just sit in the sun on a
pile of dirt all afternoon I have to do
something useful or I'm not going to
feel good by the time I go to bed so
much rather be doing this than being on
the beach
frankly well just in the US inflation
rates are not as good as we expected
it's being called hot the inflation rate
is hot it's hot doesn't look that much
worse uh increased to 3.8 compared to a
forecast of
3.7 um us CPI annual inflation rate is
3.5 above expectations is 3.4 I mean
directionally it's the wrong it's the
wrong
direction but it's not like a
catastrophe yeah here's another question
for you are we better off with more
inflation or
less it seems obvious you want less
inflation right but is it if you have a
crushing national debt how are you going
to get rid of it without inflating it
away inflation is the only possibility
of survival if we didn't have inflation
we could not survive the the math just
doesn't
work now here's a question I ask about
our uh budget death
spiral can anybody answer this question
off the top of your head and if you
can't ask yourself why
I'm going to I'm going to say do you
know the most important number in the
whole world and you're not going to know
the answer I bet Nobody Knows the number
one most important number to understand
if we will survive as a
species hypothetically what percentage
would America need to reduce its annual
budget to have a chance of surviving the
debt what
percentage 3% or
40% people are saying 42 you act like
you know
it I'm seeing the number 42 go by a lot
now I don't uh now remember you don't
have to get to the point where the debt
is zero and you don't have to get to the
point where the where the debt doesn't
grow you do have to get to the point
where the you the economy is growing
faster a lot of people are saying
40% if it's 40% we don't have a chance
of survival you know that
right if the only way we could survive
is by cutting the budget of 40% we're
already dead the that's not recoverable
that's way too much but you're probably
doing the math wrong here's what I think
you're doing I think you're saying we're
spending way more than we bring in in
taxes in a given year that's not exactly
what you need to measure what you need
to measure is the growth rate or
reduction rate of the total debt that's
the that's the thing you got to look
at so if you could reduce the total debt
with let's say a 4%
inflation and then you've also got more
growth that reduces how much you have to
reduce your budget right so if your
budget just stayed
flat but you were inflating away the uh
but well you'd be inflating away your
budget as well as your debt but you
would also maybe not adding so much so
the the math of it is actually confusing
it's not straightforward at all so
probably I'm just going to give you my
eyeball sense of things just a sense of
it probably something like every part of
the budget has to be cut by
10% something like that now that now
you'd say to yourself but Scott that's
not nearly enough to which I'd say you
have to to consider all the other
effects and then you might be getting
close to at least keeping it flat if you
keep it flat you could probably survive
it so I'd love to know that number
because if the number really is 40 that
you would have to reduce the budget 40%
to survive we're not going to do that
we're not going to do that but if the
answer is if you cut everything by
10% and maybe 1% a year after that for a
while or something like that you could
you could make that work you it would
take robots and all kinds of GDP growth
but you can make it work so I think it's
in that range 10% but I don't
know well there's a another study of
mental health and kids I think Politico
was talking about this talk to a bunch
of uh Politico was reporting talk to a
bunch of mental health um experts to
figure out what it is that's causing
young people to have mental health
issues
here's what the experts said they think
it's social media social isolation
external events such as school shootings
climate change war and political
instability and they also said uh lack
of Independence skills missing
developmental Milestones because the
pandemic and pressure to be perfect and
family instability that's what the
experts
said that's what the experts
said can you name anything on that list
that the expert said that wasn't obvious
to you is there even one thing that they
said that you didn't already
know it's crazy these are our experts
they got nothing for us nothing yeah and
they left out food right so basically
the non-expert who said in the comments
what about food gave a better answer
than the experts if you leave food out
of this
equation what kind of expert are you
food is like right it's got to in the
top five you know it might be top one we
don't know I mean I think social media
is number one or phones in general uh
pandemic's probably number two but food
has got to be right up there I mean
every indication is that your mental
health is directly related to your your
diet more on that
later well apparently there's an effort
to figure out who the big persuaders are
in the uh social media
landscape now you probably know if you
listen to me um that Mike Ben has
reported how the intelligence people and
their foreign entity their entities that
are non-governmental figured out some
kind of big censorship map where they
could figure out who's connected to who
so they could figure out if somebody
like say Alex Jones is saying something
they can map where that message is going
to go and then from there where it would
go so it's sort of a multi-
map of how messaging works on the
internet the idea was that they would
use it for
censorship so they would know who is
having the biggest impact and then they
would just say well conveniently we
think that's not true so we' better
censor you and then they could do it
very well because they know exactly what
nodes to turn off and on but that would
be looking primarily at
numbers so that method says oh this is a
big account connected to lots of people
so they map that out and it looks like
that path of influence is like the big
one because it goes through larger
accounts however this newer technique is
looking at the uh personalities of the
individuals getting down to really
understanding people uh given data that
we know about
people and I think it's looking for the
super spreaders or the people who are
the most persuasive so independent of
how many um followers they have
people have different you know batting
averages in other words some people will
bat much higher than their their user
count so this new way would pick that up
does that sound familiar has anybody
read a book that I may have written in
which it predicted that someday in the
future this book written in 2003 I think
predicted that just about now because
the it predicted this future that just
about now the government would if
figured out how to find the prime
influencer now in the book which is
fiction it's called the religion War
it's cancelled but it's coming back this
summer it's going to be reintroduced as
part of a God's debris Trilogy the
trilogy is really 2.1 books because
there's a short story that's new that
makes it three entities we're putting
them together and reissuing because the
religion war and God suprem were both
kled kled but they're coming back can't
be stopped
anyway and uh and one of the key really
one of the most important parts of the
religion war is the prediction that we
would be able to do exactly this find
out who was the
persuaders without maybe even those
people knowing
it now here's my theory in the real
world I suspect that some things start
in multiple places at the same time do
you ever see a news story and your first
thought about it is oh
this is the frame I'll put it in or this
is the way I'll understand it then you
find out everybody else is doing the
same thing so there's some things that
we all just sort of see at the same time
that's different but there are other
things that I'm completely convinced
start with one person actually literally
one person out of the billions of human
beings that one person puts it into a
certain way maybe it uh influences a
bigger account and then it goes from
there now I don't think it's the same
one person who influences every decision
but I've got this feeling that literally
one person is a common way that um memes
and narratives form literally one person
now do you think that there
are say a handful of people who in the
world who are more responsible for the
narratives than you could imagine and
maybe they're not even famous they might
even be behind the scenes but do you
think that that's viable or a
possibility that there are a handful of
people who are not just world leaders
and have power and money but have
specific skill to change the world
through persuasion do you think that's
the thing in the real
world well if you
don't
good
because that that's how persuaders hide
in plain sight because you don't believe
it's
possible that well one of the things
about being a hypnotist is you can
literally tell people what you're doing
and doesn't make any difference has no
no impact on your Effectiveness you can
say I am now hypnotizing you and people
will say uhhuh yep oh look at me I'm so
hypnotized go ahead Mr hypnotist try
your best oh I'm so
hypnotized and then there
hypnotized anyway so it's uh uh fiction
predicts reality once again we're going
to look for the prime
influencers uh does that worry you that
somebody will make a map of the prime
influencers it should because the prime
influencers who are undetected are the
only ones giving you any freedom right
now it's the only counterforce because
the government has the power to
basically clam down and everything the
only thing they CL can't clamp down on
is the only thing they can't clamp down
on is fill in the blank what's the one
thing that a government can't clamp down
on something you can't
find if it can't find it it it's
helpless and right now it can't find it
don't you think that the reason they're
trying to find the prime influencers is
because they don't know who they
are they wouldn't be looking for them if
they knew who they were they actually
can't figure out who's
influencing but if they find us I mean
people then it's going to be a whole
different
game and the people who are influential
probably going to go to jail on trumped
up charges probably because they're
going to have to take him off the field
Alex Jones style we'll talk about
that well there's a new survey that says
that climate change is uh only the most
important thing to 2% of the
people only 2% see Biden's green agenda
as the top issue while a quarter of the
people see the border is the top concern
well I'm not going to make fun of the
fact that 25% think the border is the
top concern because it's a survey with
lots of different choices and that just
happened to be the biggest one so uh let
me think
could it be possible that there's such a
thing as a prime influencer like one
person literally one person who could
change the entire narrative
from uh climate change being the
existential threat to really maybe
that's not so much of a threat but
migration is a key threat who would be a
Prime influencer on that
Trump now you Elon Musk you know is
certainly a big part of things now B
Elon is not
anti-climate crisis I think he's just
you know a reasonable voice in that
sphere I would say this is Trump this
looks like one
person that this poll looks like the
effect of one insanely persuasive person
Trump mostly now you would say to
yourself but but but Scott what about
all the other people who also say
similar things to which I say probably
because of trump right you it's safe to
say what he says because he's already
said it it's safe for you to say I'm not
sure these climate models are good if
I've already said it and I didn't die so
I I get to test it down for you can I
say this without getting canceled and
then you can watch
yeah so yeah I think the government's
going to figure out who's behind a
gigantic shift like that from climate to
border
know some of it might be just reality
too we see a lot of images of the border
and climate is less visual unless you
make up stuff like this hurricane was
caused
by all right
um Biden says he's uh looking into his
people are looking into whether he has
the power by himself to shut the US
border
down yeah he's we're examining whether
or not I have that power Biden said uh
no guarantee all right let me explain
this let me give you a little lesson on
leadership
when um China originally got the co
virus and we didn't know what we were
dealing with and we thought um wouldn't
it be good to maybe keep that out of
America until we figure out how bad it
is you know because we didn't know and
day one we saw scary pictures and then
Trump uh fairly soon after closed closed
to travel now we could argue whether it
was closed enough but for for my
purposes he uh made a big difference at
least in terms of the traffic and was it
legal was it legal to close traffic I
don't know but was it the right decision
yes of course yes so the right decision
if you're the leader is you stop the
danger immediately you stop the danger
and then you figure out if you did
legally that's the order of things
that's what leadership is the the whole
point of a
commander-in-chief is we say you know
what there are going to be situations
where you have to act fast and then
we'll debate it later but we're going to
elect you to make the dangerous
important decision fast and then we'll
talk about it and we you know we hope
that you did things as legally as
possible but as long as long as you're
on our side
as long as it's well-intentioned you did
your homework we're going to back you
even if you bent the rules a little bit
because we want to be safe and we asked
you to keep us safe and we don't want to
handicap you so do what makes us safe
and then we'll talk about it after
whether that was the right thing to do
but make a save
first who who would get that right Trump
would Trump would get that right every
time he would say well close the border
we'll figure out if that was legal after
the fact you know it's because it's not
permanent if it's not permanent and none
of this is permanent do it first debate
it second that's the way it works that's
basic leadership that's leadership 101
it's literally not leadership if you're
waiting for your lawyers and the public
to weigh in oh what's the what did the
polls say am I going to lose the
election uh what did my lawyers say what
does Congress say all that's wrong first
you do it and then you let everybody
talk about it after we're safer than we
were it's amazing to me that that's not
obvious to voters it's a complete
abdication of leadership complete
abdication of leadership there's no
leadership in that that is followership
we didn't need that we wanted a
leader all right the AP Associated
presses uh
did some kind of a survey about uh
journalists who use AI already it says
nearly 70% of Newsroom staffers are
using AI for different things
backgrounds and uh you know maybe for
posts on social media and stuff uh oneth
said they'd use generative AI for
multimedia to create Graphics Etc now
here's an interesting
question what part of the news is the
human doing now at the moment it's still
mostly the human using AI as a
tool
but what exactly is a human adding to
the process if you took them completely
out of the
process what would it look like because
the only thing I can think of that the
humans at the Associated Press are
adding to what AI could do generating
news is the lies the lies are the only
thing the humans could
add because I I don't know how much
reporting the AP is doing you know on
its own versus looking at other stuff
and Reporting on it because a lot of
this reporting is just looking at press
releases and then writing up the story
from the press release or you look at
how some other news entity covered
something and you talk about how the
news covered it I don't think too many
of these journalists are going in the
field and doing a original
reporting and if they did is there
anything that AI couldn't do AI can make
a phone call
AI can have a
conversation AI can poll people it can
ask for opinions it can tabulate them
summarize them what exactly is a human
doing literally the human is adding the
lying that's what they're adding The
Narrative so the narrative is also the
lying you know it's Lying by narrative
or lying by what you leave out so the
human's going to have to come in and
remove the context because the AI will
be tempted to add context well some
people say this and other people say
that so the humans got to get rid of the
some people
say no no no the narrative does not
support both sides so get rid of the
both Sid stuff yeah the human literally
is only for the
lying speaking of lying you you know the
story of the NPR editor who admitted
that NPR didn't they actually left their
business as being a news entity when
Trump uh got in the race or got elected
I guess and they paid became an
anti-trump
organization with no regard to what was
true that actually happened in the real
world it's exactly what it looked like
we all saw it but now an Insider an
actual editor from NPR is saying
everybody that's true they just became a
bigoted biased uh propaganda Network
they completely abandoned their
responsibility to the public because
they thought there was a bigger
responsibility they they came to believe
the Trump was Hitler and they couldn't
just do their journalist job they had to
they had to kill
Hitler
y so NPR uh so how did that strategy
work with NPR let's check in on their
numbers let's say in
20122 they had 45 million
views on the radio show I think um 45
million wow that's doing pretty good
how' they do two years later uh uh once
people knew that they had lied about
everything so they've gone from 45
million views in 2022 to 2024 is now
around
14
14 from
45 two years
ago do you think people noticed that
it's not real news and therefore they
didn't need it whatsoever did they
notice it was just screechy did
they notice it was a lot of mentally ill
women who got radio shows they probably
did now some of it might be that you
know social media is more interesting or
whatever but yeah turns out the NPR
literally turned from a news industry
into or news business into a propaganda
business and during at least the second
half of that they dropped almost all of
their
business they're basically on the way of
going out of business if you can call it
business
and the question I wonder is now that
NPR is admitted being fake news and
there's no question that this happened
to all of the other left leaning
entities can can we agree and by the way
if you were to look at a list of
objective um news because everyone every
once in a while somebody will say we
looked at which news entities are the
most objective and they'd say oh this
one on the right is so right leaning and
yes we admit this one on the left left
is pretty left but at least you've got
NPR right in the middle
huh am I am I imagining that I actually
heard that that people rating the bias
of news entities put NPR like solidly in
the middle I think I've seen that right
I'm not I'm not imagining that that the
other news the other fake news told us
that NPR was the good one it was never
true and and anybody who listened to it
who had any sense of what was real who
knew it I mean it was just screamingly
obvious that it was a completely corrupt
organization and they'd abandoned the
news business a long time
ago
anyway um so are Democrats noticing I
doubt it do you think Democrats saw that
story that found out one of their
favorite news sources was completely
fake for
years no bet they are not familiar with
that story do you think do you think
that story got surfaced on all their
Facebook posts do you think all the left
leaning women CAU that story nope nope
you saw it because you already agreed
with it nobody else is going to see it
siloed I saw a post from Heidi bionis
who has a very
clever um clever X account lots of good
posts there good follow good follow
Heidi bionas and she said that say in a
post most psych majors and True Crime
True Crime fans are women for one simple
reason we're
crazy has anybody ever noticed that
psych majors are generally people
looking to fix their own
problems almost always I've never seen
anybody who was perfectly mentally
healthy who wanted to go into the
psychology business I've never seen it
it's people who have their own problems
and from it they think they've learned
something or learn more want to help
people are in the same situation but
basically it's the the
business the job that attracts the
people the most people who would self
assess as having mental
problems but what about this true crime
stuff how many how many of you men have
been in a relationship where your female
partner was obsessed with True Crime
shows and you looked at and said you
know what
why do I want to expose myself to this
how many minutes of my life should I be
looking at horrible you know crimes and
all the details of them and you think to
yourself what is wrong with you that you
find this
entertaining I'm deeply disturbed by the
fact that of all the things you could
watch while I'm strumming through reals
on Instagram of kittens hugging dogs
literally I spend some part of every day
scrolling through Instagram which has
now um quite lovingly served up a
Non-Stop trail of cats hugging dogs
can't get enough I cannot get enough of
cats hugging dogs I will watch that all
day long you know what I won't watch
True
Crime now just wait a year and I've
spent a year looking at cats hugging
dogs and let's say somebody chosen
randomly woman has spent her time uh
watching non-stop True Crime TV
shows and TV shows that make you cry and
feel
terrible who who who's going to be in
better shape at the end of the year me
watching kittens hug dogs all day long
or a crazy woman who's probably going to
become a Psychology major to figure out
what the hell is wrong with
herself anyway I bring that this up
because the uh the theme that uh women
are crazy not all of them by the way I I
I feel terrible that I have to even say
this can can we do this like an idiot
again all right here let me let me here
here's a special announcement for the
idiots who are listening now most of you
are not idiots so you can talk among
yourselves this is just for the dumbest
people when I talk about something about
women I never mean all women and when
I'm talking about women being batshit
crazy I'm mostly talking about left
leaning liberal
women so if you're not one of those and
you're not crazy I'm not talking about
you but it's time that we are just being
open about the fact we have a massive
problem of mentally ill
women and it's not just a massive
problem because they are victims of
whatever the hell is going on in the
society that's making them crazy but
they're also in charge
they have the power in the Democrat
Party which has a majority and it's a
it's an existential threat B crazy
women is the biggest existential threat
because it sits above every one of our
problems every one of our problems we
can't work on it because there's
somebody who's bad crazy stopping
you from fixing it and it's the same
group of people over and over again bad
 crazy
women until you can say it out loud you
can never fix it so that's the service
that I'm presenting to you um I've got
I've got enough arrows in my back that
any of the new arrows are just going to
hit the other arrows kind of
invulnerable at this
point all right now in a shocking twist
that you will not expect I'm going to
debunk a h a hoax about The View host
Sunny
hosen you're going to have to put up
with us you're not going to like
it you know that I've debunked the fine
people hoax and the drinking bleach hoax
from president Trump and you know that
I've told you exactly how those hoaxes
are created by taking something out of
context and just leaving out the
context right and I've described them in
detail and I've told you how terrible it
is that the news creates these hoaxes
well the same thing happened to Sunny
hoston so the people on the right can no
longer say that they are innocent of
this behavior and I'm not going to name
names but a number of people believe
that Sunny hoston said on live TV they
believe this happened that she that they
believe she said the eclipse might be
caused by climate
change now that was the story yesterday
and it was going around social media and
clips were shown so you could look at
the clip yourself and you could see her
doing it right how many of you saw the
clip and say to yourself well I saw it I
don't know what you're talking about I
saw it myself I saw every bit of that
how many of you think you saw
it right so a lot of you yeah so you're
saying she did say it she did say it now
do you remember what happens when I
debunk the fine people hoax in front of
a Democrat what did they say but Scott
he did say it I heard it what happens
when I debunk the uh drinking bleach
Oaks and a Democrat hears me do it they
say uh oh Scott I I heard it with my own
own ears I you know you can't tell me it
didn't happen stop gaslighting me what
happened when I told you that this is an
obvious hoax I'm going to tell you
exactly how it was done I'm going to
tell you what they left out to fool you
and you'll still see in the
comments but I saw it myself I heard it
myself so watch how persuasion is not
you know it's not limited to one
side and I do this because this is why
you watch my show the reason you watch
my show is that I'm not going to just
take the side because it's the side s
hoston who I generally disagree with on
almost everything is a victim of a hoax
and I'm now going to defend her
completely because this isn't cool
that's not
cool I'm not I don't want to be on the
team that's hoaxing the other side not
cool now I'm very much in favor of
winning at all costs
I I think winning is important but she's
not running for office she's just a
commentator so I'm going to surprise you
here's what actually happened there were
two contexts she started out joking
about it the sign of the end times now
when you're talking about the sign of
the end times and you're sort of
jokingly talking about it is that
serious do you think she actually
believed that the she named the eclipse
earthquakes and cic is happening at the
same time as maybe signs of the end
times but very obviously it was in a
joking context would you agree with me
so far that when she mentioned end times
that she did mention those three
categories earthquakes cicus and
eclipses and that she did say wow it
feels like the end times you all heard
that part that she definitely said that
now here's the part you missed because
it's taken out of
context then the context switched and it
switched to um climate
change and then when she talked about
climate change she she sort of wondered
out loud um if earthquakes and
cicas could be maybe there's a climate
change
effect so really big she's a big old
dummy right because who who would really
think that earthquakes are caused by
climate change like that's just sort of
stupid right or who would think that
maybe the the insect world could be
greatly affected by climate change just
kind of dumb right is it dumb Google it
if you Google does climate change affect
earthquakes the answer is yes according
to Google the answer is yes the it's
very plausible I'm not saying it's true
I'm saying that Google says it's true
that it's
plausible plausible just plausible
that climate change could affect
earthquakes they also say that climate
change absolutely could have a gigantic
effect on
insects now it might be a negative
effect whereas the cic would be you know
there's a lot of cicos that's sort of
the opposite now I ask you this is it
crazy to wonderand out loud if you
believe in climate change now you could
argue that you know that that's crazy
too but I don't think I don't think
believing in climate change is crazy
that's not crazy it might be wrong it
might be
alarmist but if it agrees with most of
the scientists even if I think they're
wrong it's not crazy right I I don't
think people are are suffering mental
illness because they believe the
scientists I just think scientists are
probably a little hyperbolic and you
know they're making money and stuff but
they're not crazy it's just something
they believe that may or may not be
true but here's the key when she talked
about climate change that was a change
from the end times thing and she did not
mention in that context the eclipse if
she had said huh I wonder if the eclipse
is caused by climate change I would say
oh my God that's a dumb person that's a
dumb person but if she said maybe the
earthquakes and the ccus have something
to do with climate change she knew more
than you did she knew more than you
those are real actual
conversations now there is no connection
between the cicas and and the climate
change that I know of but if you were
not a cicada expert and it became very
clear that she didn't know the whole
cicada situation just that they were
coming uh she didn't I don't think she
knew that it was on the 17-year schedule
and there were two different kinds and
by coincidence there different schedules
going to line up so it' be worse this
year now if you didn't know that and you
know why would you expect she's clicking
on the bug
stories right yeah it's easy to imagine
that you see a headline about a lot of
bugs are coming and you don't want to
click on it it's like okay bugs are
coming got it don't need to know the
details um so I would say that uh she
was right on point for not only her joke
about the sign of the end times
perfectly good joking uh that uh
earthquakes and eclipses and cic is
happening at the same time is just kind
of funny coincidence and then when she
talked about climate change she
accurately picked two items earthquakes
and bugs that uh real serious scientists
say could be greatly affected by climate
change and so ladies and gentlemen I I
submit to you that uh Sunny Hosten was a
little bit smarter than you and a little
bit more clever than you and a little
bit more funny than you and does not
deserve any
uh any mocking for this particular
comment however may I join you and Link
Hands by saying she says some really bad
and dumb things about
Trump but at least that's done under the
cover of you know pure
uh pure let's say um Democrat propaganda
so when when the view is talking about
oh Trump is a devil we all kind of know
where that's coming from that it's Pol
iCal you don't take it tooo seriously
but when she's talking about
this I think I think her opinion was not
only funny and entertaining which is her
job but she was pretty close to the
scientific consensus whether that's true
or
not all right how how did you take
that everybody
okay so here here's what you should be
feeling if you thought that story was
true true you should be feeling some
discomfort and some of you are just
going to reject it and say no I heard it
Scott I heard it and and then other
people said to me because I brought this
up in my man cave other people said to
me but Scott uh Joy
bear and um Whoopi also heard the same
thing you heard because they tried to
correct her to explain like an idiot
would explain uh the
eclipse is just sort of something we
knew was coming for a hundred
years it's not related to climate change
so because whoopy thought that that uh
Sunny hoston was talking about the
eclipse should you believe that Sunny
Hosten was talking about the eclipse no
because what happened was whoopy and joy
bayar heard what you
heard they misheard and they didn't
notice she had changed
context from talking about the funny end
times thing to climate change which was
you more of a factual
conversation so they also were fooled
don't use Whoopi or Joy bear as your
source for why you're
right that's not good thinking they're a
terrible source for what is a good
interpretation of what anybody said in
fact they're among the worst all day
long they misinterpret Trump for a job
Mis interpreting things is primarily
what they do it's almost their entire
business
model all right uh the McKenzie
consulting
company said it was going to pay some of
its employees to not work for nine
months uh and look for another
job they're going to pay them to not
work what's that
called is that sort of
like sort of like they're
fired
don't we usually call that you're
fired but it's nice that they gave him
nine months to find another job but
still just
fired and here's the embarrassing thing
if you're McKenzie and you're a
consulting
firm uh why didn't you see this coming
their their job is to tell businesses
how to be healthy businesses and how to
have a strategy that works it's a little
bit embarrassing if they start firing
their own employees a little bit
embarrassing because it means they they
grew too fast or they didn't read the
room right or or their model wasn't
working or
something because they they outgrew
their
business so would you hire somebody to
tell you how to run your
business if you knew they changed we're
firing people because we have too many
into well it's more like we're paying
them to look for other
jobs don't say we're firing them that
look like a mistake no no no we're so
Progressive we're going to pay them to
look for better
jobs McKenzie
Consulting here's my favorite story of
the day terrible as it is you've heard
of craft
Lunchables it's a it's a little package
of lunch likee food with some meat and
cheese and stuff in there and it's a
popular kids
snack
now um turns out that Consumer Reports
looked into them
the store bought versions because they
have store bought and they have school
versions The sto store bought versions
uh which are made by Craft
hind um found relatively high levels of
lead and
cadmium now there's no there's no level
of lead that's anything except bad for
children
so what do you think of the psychologist
who didn't mention food
does that feel a little more relevant at
the moment that you know that one of the
most popular foods for kids has lead in
it and we're pretty sure that lead is
not good for your
brain am I am I out in the limb there or
is that true I didn't research it
recently but aren't we sure that lead is
bad for your your
mental um State I thought we knew that
fairly reliably that lead is just the
worst thing you want to put in a kid's
body
so that's happening then cadmium um some
of you know is a component for
batteries um and it's in some of the
Lunchables now the sort of a good news
bad news because if you put the lead and
cadmium in the Lunchables and then the
child eats it they can actually charge
their
smartphone just with their own
body because the kids if they eat the
Lunchables they're they're basically
half battery and half child and uh so
you don't even need to plug in your
phone you can just sort hold it in your
hand and the cadmium and lad plus the
static electricity will charge your
phone no I made that up that's all made
up but cadmium does come from batteries
so I don't want too much of it in my
body now let me tell you why uh and it
has tons of sodium now here's my first
encounter with craft Lunchables many
years ago I decided that I'd made enough
money in the Dilbert world that I wanted
to see if I could give something back
like literally solve some big problem
and I thought I was very interested in
nutrition at the time and I knew that I
was so busy that I wasn't getting good
nutrition so I created a company to make
a
nutritious Convenient Food that you
could always have something that was
perfectly nutritious it was just
convenient so the form that we chose was
a burrito that would be packed with all
the nutrients you needed for the day so
if you were in a big hurry and you don't
want to spend much money and you just
wanted to eat something you knew would
taste good because burritos almost
always tastes good it'd be like I
imagine it to be like the blue jeans of
food you know how blue jeans sort of
they work in every situation except
formal you know like they're they're
easy to wash and take care of and they
don't cost too much and they feel good
they make you look they basically do
everything so I thought well maybe I can
make a food that does that just sort of
does everything now the company didn't
work out
for other reasons U partly because the
formula in the burrito made you fart so
hard that it would inflate your socks as
I once wrote and that was sort of a
negative so we we couldn't really mask
all the minerals in it because in order
to get a good mineral and vitamin count
you had to put all these additives in
there so you couldn't get anywhere near
the taste that you wanted because you
had to mask all the minerals now you
might say to yourself why do you have to
add anything to food like if if your
burrito is full of all the things that
have the vitamins and minerals you know
your broccoli and your kale and your
beans and whatever why do you have to
add anything well it's because you've
been lied to forever but when you were
told that if you just have a balanced
diet you'll get your vitamins and
minerals if you do the math you'll find
out that no matter how much you eat and
no matter how well you eat you don't
come anywhere near the food you eat
doesn't have vitamins and minerals in
anywhere near the minimum requirement
that you need so we had to supplement
there was no way around it but you but
it didn't work as a supplement it just
made it too hard anyway so part of that
story is we sold into
7-Eleven imagine being a startup company
that gets a contract with
7-Eleven now it's a contract to test it
so they would say we're going to test it
in these stores and at the end of the
test we'll decide whether it's a
permanent product so you just had to do
well and sell sell during the test do
you know how many units we sold during
the test take a guess how many total
units just a guess how many numbers did
we sell for the test because it was a
number of
sels the answer is zero zero sales do
you know
why it wasn't because people looked at
the product and decided not to buy it it
was because every store that we checked
the product was covered up by another
product and it was always the same
product craft
Lunchables craft Lunchables were
actually placed in front of my product
in all the stores we
checked did you know that that's a
common
trick because somebody like craft would
have people who are boots on the ground
so they actually visit the stores I
didn't have boots on the ground because
we were startup so it's just when we
checked we found that their boots on the
ground did this thing because you don't
want to be selling
Lunchables which anybody can look at and
say I'm not so sure that's the
healthiest thing I could give my kid you
can't have that sitting right on the
Shelf next to something that just has
all the vitamins and minerals that your
kid
needs right they can't be next to each
other so they just move theirs in front
of it in all the stores we checked
everyone you sold
nothing and the test failed and I went
out of business
uh by the way same thing happened in
some other places we we sold it to
Costco and
Safeway made all the sales it's just
none of the tests worked and the tests
didn't work in other places because they
never tested it in Costco we signed up
to do a test in a number of stores
shipped them the product product sat in
the back Warehouse the whole time and
then the test was over and they said we
sold
none because it never made it in the
store
so if we had boots on the ground we
could have sent like an army of people
to say hey if you moved that onto the
Shelf yet can we help you move it to the
shelf and that probably would have
worked but we're I didn't know that we
needed to do that so craft Lunchables
the reason that your kids are eating
lead and cadmium in part is because they
covered up one of the products that
would have maybe been very fart filled
but didn't have lead and cadmium in it
as far as I know probably had too much
sodium in
it I will admit
that everything has too much sodium in
it I think if you believe the sodium is
bad for you I'm not entirely convinced
all right there's an Arizona Arizona mom
who pled guilty to poisoning her Air
Force
husband uh with bleach so she was
putting bleach into his coffee maker and
he caught her on video and she's in
trouble
now do you know why she put bleach in
his coffee to try to kill him does
anybody know why she used
bleach it was cheaper than
Lunchables does it sound like I'm
bitter oh
yeah today is my
revenge oh I
waited craft you Lunchables I
waited good luck Lunchables
Good
Luck Good Luck have I mentioned that our
food supply is poison and that craft
Lunchables apparently is part of that
too
bad yeah so next time you want to kill
somebody either put bleach in their
coffee no don't do that don't ever do
that um or you could give them
Lunchables don't do that don't ever do
that not to somebody you
love anyway um all the London is
reporting that Ben Affleck and Jennifer
Garner I guess um Jennifer G Garner's
daughter came out as trans during her
grandfather's funeral this
week which is really the best time to do
it you know if there's ever a funeral of
a beloved member of your
family the best thing to do is to make
it all about
you you know Grandpa's dead but what
really matters is I'm transitioning I'd
like to announce that at the funeral so
maybe timing timing work on the
timing but uh turns out that there's
more than that because not only is uh
Jennifer Gardner's daughter coming out
his trans but Ben Affleck
um has a non-binary kit and the as the
redheaded libertarian pointed down on X
the chances of Ben affle having uh oh
well between the two of them they've got
a transkid and a non-binary are about
one in N million I don't know if she
made up that number one in N million but
it's very
unlikely that a couple would combine
families and there would be both a trans
and a non-binary which strongly suggests
that there's a social contagion element
to
it now I ask you this
question do you think that either those
kids of Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner
do you think that they use Tik Tok just
take a guess I don't know the answer but
do you think they use Tik
Tok I'm going to say that would be a
safe
bet do you think Tik Tock has the
ability to turn off our reproductive uh
urges yes yes it does and in fact the
Ben Affleck Jennifer Garner family oh I
guess that's right because they were
married at one point so it must be both
of their kids I was thinking it was a
blended family but I think it's I think
it's their two kids that they had
together
um I think we've reached a point where
we could calculate the reduction in
American
reproduction based on Tik Tok alone and
how you would do it is you would just
look at Tik Tock users versus non-tick
Tock users and try to balance everything
else out the same
um and my guess now this is just a
hypnotist guess this is not based on any
data this is just my knowledge of
persuasion and how it affects children
and how it would be effective if it came
to them through their phones and was
repeated over and over so it's just my
knowledge of the field not any data
whatsoever in my opinion Tik Tok will
reduce the um reproductive urge of 20 to
40% of its
users something like 20 to 40% of Tik
Tock users will be far less likely to
reproduce because the things they're
learning are that they could be a gender
preference or a sex that is very
difficult to reproduce you know it's
more it's less likely than your your
standard um hetero couple they might
have kids but they're going to have
lower production reproduction rates than
you know the standard
traditional Christian family or Muslim
family so I'd love to see that estimate
I'd love to see somebody just say okay
what percentage of Tik Tock people are
you know trans and non-binary compared
to the public at large and then just
make an estimate that says okay the the
trans Community has you know a
reproduction rate of
0.1 the hetero Community has something
closer to two you know two for two like
a one for one replacement and then you
just project it forward and you could
actually find out how many people are
being denied Life by being in a
situation in which it's unlikely they'll
ever be born if you were to look at the
total number of
grandkids that Ben Affleck and Jennifer
Garner will have collectively knowing
that they have a non-binary and a trans
um in the family don't you think they'll
have fewer grandkids than if all of the
k kids identified as hetero now this is
not any kind of knock on any hetero or
trans or non-binary um if you're if
you're new to me uh I'm very Pro adults
doing whatever they need it's not up to
me I'm definitely not the one judging
you I don't have a judgmental bone in my
body do what you need to do you're an
adult the the fact that I think it won't
work I don't get a vote you didn't get a
vote on my co shot
and I'm not going to let you debate it
like I'll let you debate what I said
about anybody in public which is nothing
I said make up your own decisions but
you don't get to vote on my personal
health decisions and I don't get to vote
on whether you're binary or trans it's
up to you so this is not being
judgmental I'm just doing the math the
math suggests that the more trans there
are the the fewer
reproduction possibilities there are
so you could actually calculate what Tik
Tock is doing to our
population meanwhile in the Dilbert
reborn comic which you could see if
you're subscribing here on
X or if you want to see more than just
the comic a lot more on the locals
platform but uh if you were watching
that you'd see that asuk the intern has
become non-binary from using Tik Tock
and uh things aren't things aren't going
the way he
hoped all right uh Germany of as you
know was just down his nuclear power
industry and becoming dependent on
Russia because they were making bad
decisions about their green future they
didn't really have a replacement for the
things they took offline except for
Russian gas and that put them in a black
mailable weak position as Trump and
others pointed out
so can you can you tell me did Angela
Merkel make those decisions to shut down
the mer the uh
nukes I'm not so good with my Germany
history uh
politics was it under Angela
Merkel or was it just everybody wanted
it okay so it looks like that will be
seen as one of the most massive mistakes
of all time in terms of managing a
country so female leader female leader
bought into the uh climate crisis
Hysteria
and destroy the manufacturing base of
our country built mostly by
Man by turning off their electricity
because she fell for a hoax the climate
crisis so I'm just calling out the facts
anyway but I'm going to give a different
spin on
this um you know we many of us believe
that the war in Ukraine doesn't have a
good justification and that the story
about stopping Russia from
advancing may not be the whole story and
it looks more like it's a giant
CIA you know Energy company play to grab
all the resources from Ukraine keep it
out of the hands of Russia and to
destroy Russia's energy business and
maybe even change their change the
leadership in Russia now if you just
hear me say that it sounds like the
craziest most Reckless thing you ever
heard in your life I think we all agree
on that but I'd like to take you to
another frame I imagine that in some
dark room somewhere the people who
really are looking at the world for the
next 100 years may be saying something
like the
following the only way America survives
is if we capture Russia's energy
business that might actually be a
conversation how are we going to pay off
our national debt
well it would be helpful if you captured
the energy business of the biggest
producer or got them out of the business
so our oil could we could charge
more you know so I wonder if this isn't
just a gigantic economic play and it
would be more accurate to see Russia and
the United States as two competing
mafias and our Mafia is trying to rub
out Putin he would rub us out if he
could but he knows he can't so he's just
playing his game as best he can and to
me it looks
like to me it looks like the United
States is just trying to overthrow
Russia to take their money in the form
of energy now what would that do in
terms of our geopolitical future for
Russia and I'm sorry for
China suppose you say to yourself Scott
Scott Scott the biggest risk is China
it's not Russia to which I say hm but
how can China Thrive if they don't have
energy if you denied China or if you had
control of Russia's energy you would
have a lot of Leverage on China wouldn't
you so China would have a lot of
Leverage on us but then we would have
you know it it' be like China grabbed Us
by the balls and says yeah we have so
much control over your big Pharma and
your big Industries and stuff that we
got you you better do what we want but
if we were to control hypothetically uh
Russia's entire energy infrastructure
which looks like the play we would have
them buy the balls and it would be at
least mutually assured destruction
because China can't live probably
without Russian energy or at least they
wouldn't Thrive so part of me thinks
that there might be some really dark
Personalities in our government in the
deepest deepest spy networks who are
saying I hate to break it to you but if
you don't conquer Russia we're
dead because if we don't control their
energy there's no other thing that could
be a big enough thing to keep us from
dying from our own
debt and and China becoming the dominant
country in the
world
so I'm not saying that that's actually a
conversation but I wonder I wonder if it
is because shouldn't it be shouldn't
there be somebody who's making the
100-year plan and says you know what
energy is the whole play if China if
Russia has their own energy they sell to
China and we become the you know the
Third Country in that Trifecta but if we
could capture Russia's energy Russia
would have nothing else so Russia would
be completely out of the game and China
would be dependent on our
allies how convenient for
us so anyway I just put that out
there there's a congresswoman Jasmine
Crockett she's a Democrat from Texas and
she's on video and wokeness shows us
this um she said uh it might not be the
best idea to give tax breaks to Black
citizens as a form of reparation it
might be better to give them checks
because not all black people pay taxes
so a tax benefit wouldn't help them all
but a check would check helps everybody
now I got to watch a video of two people
I don't know casually discussing how
much of my money they should take from
me it's very
offensive it's very
offensive because I'm not even part of
the conversation nor am I part of any
slavery Legacy or anything but I'm just
watching two people I don't
know casually discussing taking my
money because they can or they hope they
can
and let me say this as as clearly as I
can I have no respect whatsoever for for
anyone who thinks I owe them reparations
I have no respect for you none not only
that I don't have any respect for
anybody who supports
Dei now I think that's important to say
because we live in a world in which
being respected is actually an
asset so if you keep hammering on
reparations in all likelihood you won't
get any cash but you'll be giving the
giving away the asset of any kind of
respect I cannot respect you if you're
asking me for
reparations blah blah blah you're a good
argument don't care blah blah blah
racism true don't care I mean it's not
that I don't care it's just it's not
relevant to taking my
money if I were the story that's
different but if I'm not part of the
story I don't care about your racism
from other people that does doesn't mean
I owe you money I don't respect you I
have no respect for anybody who's Pro
Dei now you have to you should put that
to the extent that I represent any other
people with that view and by the way
show me in the comments would you agree
that you don't respect anybody who's
even trying to get reparations or trying
to make Dei a
thing am I alone there or is it you
would also not respect anybody in that
domain
yeah shut up
racist all right well I think it's
important for everybody in any kind of a
big conversation to know what the costs
and benefits of their actions are and
one of the costs of Dei and one of the
costs of even asking for reparations is
a complete la loss of
respect now if it's still worth it at
least you are fully informed now and and
by the way if the situation were
reversed and I thought I could get some
free money I might try and if you said I
don't respect you for that I would say
oh I kind of understand that you this is
one of those situations why where you
can see why everybody's acting the way
they can because you know free money is
free money who doesn't want free
money did you see the video of the uh
the X FBI CIA Intel guy who talked
casually on some undercover video that
uh that these Ser the agency went after
Alex Jones just to kneecap him and take
all his money to basically shut him up
and discourage people from doing stuff
like
him now it's one person so could be
somebody just bragging to somebody on
video but it looked pretty reliable and
they even have a word for it it's called
nudging so in the case of Alex Jones uh
the the thing that took his money was a
civil suit by the parents of the Sandy
people and the FBI in that case
according to this one guy CIA officer
former FBI guy named
uh what's his
name he's a Gavin
oennis yeah and he says they call it
nudging so He suggests that what
happened was the FBI didn't tell people
to sue Alex Jones they simply said you
know what you'd probably have a good
case I don't know a person like you in
this situation seems like you could make
a lot of money if you Su him I mean it's
not for me to tell you to do it I'm not
suggesting you do but I'm just educating
you that you've got a goodlook case here
and I've got the phone number of a
lawyer who could take care of this for
you but I mean I'm not suggesting it I'm
just it's just information and if you
wanted to talk to somebody who could
give you more information I could give
you the name of a lawyer who sues people
for this sort of thing somebody really
good that's a
nudge so they don't actually Force
anybody to do anything they just make it
likely now let's look at my
situation The Washington Post LED my
cancellation The Washington Post is
known to be a CIA vehicle that's widely
understood and we know that the CIA
nudges private Enterprise to financially
destroy people who were Pro
Trump I'm quite notably Pro Trump or
have been in the past and suddenly a
private entity very closely associated
with the CIA leads my cancellation which
made it automatic for everybody else
once the Washington Post you know made
it a thing it became a thing everywhere
do you think I got nudged or do you
think that was completely organ iic that
100% of the newspapers and Publishers
all cancelled me at the same time over a
weekend I would say the odds of that
being organic are pretty
small and look at the other people from
Tucker you name it I mean you could do
the same six names that I could they all
were financially destroyed and it all
looked like Private Industry did it
didn't it it didn't look like the
government did anything didn't look like
the CIA did anything didn't look like
the FBI was involved in any
way but whole bunch of nudging is my
guess so I don't have hard proof that
the uh Washington Post is a disreputable
piece of
 but they obviously
are whether whether they did this nudge
on me or not they're still a piece of
 I mean that's pretty obious obious
they do they still hire a Phil bump
that's all you need to
know all right assemblyman Kate Sanchez
in California wanted to uh strip fenel
dealers who were here in the country
illegally uh from their protection in
sanctuary cities so in other words if
you were a migrant and you sold some
fenel and you got caught you would be
shipped back even if you were in a
sanctuary City so this is a Californian
who is trying to carve out this
exception and do you think it
passed seems like a pretty obvious one
right I mean of course I mean obviously
you're going to send back the fenal
dealers right no it didn't pass it
didn't
pass um am I all upset about it because
one of my biggest issues ever is
fenel I I hate to say it but I'm giving
up on the fenel and Tik Tock arguments
and the reason is they're both coming
from inside the house when I thought it
was a problem with Mexico or China or
both I kept saying hey Congress hey
president hey CIA go after them why are
you not shutting them down why are you
not booing more but once you realize
that in all likelihood I mean by far all
likelihood uh both the fenel business
and the open
borders uh and even the existence of Tik
Tock that's coming from
Americans if Americans aren't shutting
it down it's hard for me to blame Mexico
and China right so Mexico and China are
accomplices but the main problem is
American there's somebody in America who
wants that border open CIA probably
there's somebody in America who wants
the fenel business to keep on
going probably the CIA because they work
with the cartels and they need them for
other stuff so they let them earn uh
50,000 Americans a year could be worse
will let you earn that's what it looks
like so I don't know how to argue
against our own CIA because they're just
going to say we're not involved in that
that's the end of the that's the end of
the trail what are you talking about
that's
crazy we're going to nudge somebody to
take more of your money away if you keep
this up so there's no place to go with
it I I was super mad when I thought we
just weren't acting competently or
aggressively enough against the cartels
but now that I can see the cartels are
our guys
I don't know what to do with that
because there's no there's no form of
persuasion that's going to make any
difference because everybody will just
say it's not happening and then that's
it it's not happening no and if it were
it would be sacret we couldn't tell you
about it and if it were and it were
secret uh there's some bigger purpose so
you know you don't understand maybe
there is there might actually be a
bigger purpose and I don't
understand
anyway that's what's going on um V has a
plan for fixing elections he says here's
his plan here's how we move Beyond
fights over stolen elections and we
unite our country number one make
Election Day a national holiday number
two single day voting number three paper
ballots number four government issued
voter ID to match the voter file and
then number five English as a sole
language that appears in a
ballot I I wouldn't mind
Spanish on a
ballot I I don't think that's the big
one but um you know that you do make
accommodations if there are a tremendous
amount of legal citizens who have a a
language issue I don't think that's the
biggest deal to to add Spanish I
wouldn't add anything
else but you know Spanish is a special
case anyway so whether you agree with
this one or not uh would you all agree
that this would be a simple practical
huge
Improvement compared to the current
system would everybody agree the the has
nailed this completely he's nailed it
completely this would actually make it
impossible to argue about it because
it's just a good system and we've seen
it work in other countries we don't have
to wonder if it works we can observe it
oh this works fine in these other
countries so why won't this happen th
this will get no traction and will never
be close to being implemented do you
know why I can only think of one reason
that our system is designed for cheating
there's no other reason it's not because
of money it's not because we disagree
this would work it's not because of
efficiency it's not because of timing
it's not because of
credibility there actually is no reason
to do it the way we do it unless the
whole purpose is cheating it's designed
to be impossible to audit it's designed
to be easier to cheat the mail and
ballots so it's exactly what it looks
like and by the way I'm not speculating
about this so so the other things I said
you know like well it seems like the CIA
is behind it that that's speculation
based on you know the best information I
have but when I look at the election I'm
not
speculating I can tell you with
certainty that if you design elections
this way and then you let it continue
despite all the public outcry about this
not being good enough you've designed it
for
cheating there's no there is no second
argument it is designed for cheating and
we need to stop saying there's any other
reason it's not because Democrats
disagree it's not because we think
there's other factors in play no there's
only literally one reason and and here
here's the interesting thing nobody even
argues that there's a better reason
other than uh the fake one that is
suppressing voters the the suppressing
voters thing is nobody nobody thinks
that's true do they if you ever met
anybody who thought their vote was
suppressed
ever ever have you ever met one person
who thought their own vote was in some
way suppressed I've never even heard of
it it's so a thing or or that black
people can't get IDs I mean black people
mock that as as they should as they
should super
racist on the Democrats uh
part so no let's stop pretending that
the elections are designed to be
efficient or make it all fair for
everybody it's not it's very clearly not
designed for
that so no that'll none of those things
will ever happen
um Trump wants toh kill the fisa is it
the fisa being reup is that what is so
fisa where you can spy an American if
that American had contact with a
foreigner so since they're allowed to
spy on the Foreigner but it would be
helpful to see both sides of the
conversation that gives them a back door
to spy in Americans they just have to
get that American to talk to one person
overseas have I talked to one person in
another country yes I
have in my in my last several years have
I ever exchanged a message with somebody
in another country who had any political
you know sort of uh
abilities yes yes I have now was I doing
anything nefarious no no just ordinary
conversations and politics and stuff the
same thing I do with anybody but that
would give the government the full
ability to monitor everything I do I
think right if I had any conversation
with anybody that they say oh this
Australian you talk to I don't know even
though they're an ally you did talk to
an Australian and we've got some
questions that's exactly what they can
do they can get into all of my business
if an Australian sends me a message on
WhatsApp I think that's true am I wrong
about that that all it would take is one
Australian to send me a message on
WhatsApp and they can get all of my
communications that's all it would take
how hard would it be for them to talk a
an Australian into sending me a
message pretty easy pretty easy that'd
be the easiest nudge of all
time so Trump's against it uh
MTG seems to be against it but uh the
leader
Johnson um apparently wants to keep it
so I have questions about speaker
Johnson and I'd like to renew my
hypothesis that our leaders start out
with good intentions but when they reach
the highest levels such as a speaker of
the house or a president I believe
somebody pulls them
aside I I think in the real world
somebody pulls them aside and says look
here's all the stuff the public does
know and you don't know either here's
why we do these things and here's why
you can't change it and then they go oh
God I can't explain this so they say
well good luck so you're GNA have to lie
because you can't tell them the truth
the way the real world works is really
naughty and dirty and terrible and but
it's not going to change it's going to
stay naughty and dirty and terrible and
you're going to have to lie to the
public and tell them it's some other
reason and it's the only way we can
operate it's the only way we've ever
operated we don't tell people these
things until they reach your job but
it's now your job speaker of the house
to prevent the public from knowing
what's going on for their own good and
then they make a good case for it maybe
there's some blackmail maybe there's
some bribery and then they just own
anybody they want they just own any
politician they want now the bad guys
don't have to own every
politician if you said to me Scott do
you think Thomas Massie is you know
owned by the the intelligence people no
I don't think so because they don't need
to all they have to do is own the
speaker because the speaker will
determine what they can even vote on and
he'll just not allow the Thomas massis
to vote on things that would be a good
idea if there's some other
reason so that's all as dirty as it
looks
probably uh here's another of the know
the players it's not enough to know the
news and hear the news and know the
names and know the the people involved
you have to know about the players
backgrounds to understand the story so
let's say I told you this story that
there's a bunch of uh important
ex-government
people um who are uh let's see what they
do um they're arguing that the uh
January 6
charges um should be not thrown out and
that the President should be liable for
what he did in office on January 6th uh
because if you gave him full immunity
you know he could do terrible things in
office because you don't want presidents
to have full
immunity now suppose I told you it was a
bunch of retired you know military
people what would you say to that you'd
say oh retired generals and military
people pretty credible pretty credible
suppose I told you that one of the
leading people in this effort
is a fellow named
uh let's see what's his name uh Michael
Hayden Michael Hayden how many of you
recognize that
name if you don't know the players the
news doesn't make sense he is a former
CIA
director former CIA also one of the
biggest anti-trumpers Russia collusion
guys
ever he has proven beyond a shadow of a
doubt that he's not anything but a
propagandist a brainwasher professional
liar who used to be the head of the
CIA does that scare you because if you
told me it was just some generals got
together and they were worried about
this technical change to a law you know
about presidential immunity and they
said this could be a problem I'd say
well you know we should listen to that
but if one of the people who's probably
the main principal is uh the past CIA
director Michael Hayden you should think
that that's a completely illegitimate
process and that it's part of a
propaganda uh effort and that none of
it's legitimate you just have to know
the
players uh or to put it in another way
um Michael Hayden I would best describe
him
as the poor man's Adam
Chef did did I bring it home is there
anything else I need to say he is the
poor man's Adam
shiff that's all you need to
know same guy just one's a low rent
version speaking of low rent uh do you
remember aanat he's in jail for all of
his many abuses and the stormy Daniel
situation and others and from jail he
called into
MSNBC to talk to Ari melber and I guess
it didn't go the way they expected
because said he expects Trump to be
convicted but there are all kinds of
problems with the case so basically
aanad aanad said he's that Trump will be
um illegitimately
prosecuted now that's not exactly what
MSNBC wants to hear is it they'd like to
hear that he's going to be prosecuted
and it's all legitimate nope even
aanati even aanati no friend of the
President says yeah he'll probably be
convicted but the case is
now uh Ari had to immediately have on a
guest who had big saucer eyes you know
the saucery Liars white eyed oh oh
Avanti doesn't know anything about this
case which he you know he doesn't know
enough probably so I don't think the
avenatti's opinion should carry any
weight it was just hilarious to watch
MSNBC try to uh tap dancer away out of
the fact that somebody who doesn't like
Trump knows Stormy Daniels knows the law
says no it's he's going to be
convicted unfairly and it's a bad
case
[Music]
so anyway uh I saw that jack babic is
all over this and he he said that aanat
just called into Ari melbour on MSNBC
from prison and told him the Trump case
next week from Stormy Daniels is a
disaster stale and filled with problems
uh and then he said Ari looked like he
was going to cry
all right I'm gonna give a little
defense to Ari
melber um he had me on his show back
when people still invited me on shows
and I have to say he gave me full
respect uh let me talk and it was not an
opinion that was super comfortable for
MSNBC and he didn't he didn't dump on me
or Treat Me
unfairly and I don't think he's the same
as the other people on
MSNBC you know Ju Just Like I sometimes
call out somebody on
CNN uh who who's like a good egg he he's
their best
egg I'll just put it that way yeah I'm
not sure I would go full Good Egg
because he's on MSNBC but he's their
best egg if you're going to pick an egg
he's he's their better
egg all right uh the Gaza situation is
devolved into a war of definitions of
words and we all want to use the word
genocide the way we want it to work so I
want I want this to be true so I'm going
to say this word is defined this way and
somebody else is say no that's no
genocide it's defined another way you're
defining it all wrong but here's the
thing if you're arguing over the
definition of whether it is or is not
genocide you're kind of wasting
everybody's time because we all see the
same stuff we all know that it's a war
we all know that civilians are being
killed
we all know that Israel would prefer not
killing a bunch of civilians if they
could just take out all the Hamas people
I'm sure they would um so it is what it
is and we also know that there will be
war crimes
guaranteed guaranteed war crimes both
sides all the time it's War there
there's no such thing as you know a
major war action like this with no war
crimes I mean you can't really expect
that so if you're going to have War
you're going to have war crimes and sure
enough there are and
um so I'm not going to give you my
opinion whether it's a genocide or not a
genocide I'll just say that we all know
what it is we don't need to use one
special word why don't we just say it's
the thing happening in Gaza that we all
witness we all know it's horrific on a
level that is sort of
unusual um well maybe it's too
usual yeah so don't argue about the word
it's not about the word
defense secretary Lloyd Austin says the
US doesn't quote doesn't have any
evidence of Israel committing jde in
Gaza but
again that's just about your definition
of the
word so yeah if they believe that Israel
is trying their hardest to not do
civilian casualties they could argue
it's not a
genocide but it is what it is doesn't
make it good or bad all right ladies and
gentlemen brings me to the conclusion of
my prepared comments oh I went way too
long sorry about that and uh I'm going
to say bye to everybody except the
locals people because they get a little
extra and uh we'll see you tomorrow
morning same place same time bye for
now all right locals only you're going
to
go let's see update this local sporters
only
e
e
e
e
e
e
e