bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody come
on in here it's time for coffee with
Scott Adams and you don't need much you
know what you need
yep you need a cup or a mug or glass a
tanker chelsa Stein a canteen junker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure of the dopamine head of the day
the thing that makes everything better
this simultaneous it go mm delightful
somebody in the comments is saying white
man talk with Scott Adams you know
what's interesting I have more
african-american followers from my
periscope than you might imagine for
some reason I seem to speak to that
community which is good I'm glad I'm
doing that let's talk about some of the
things
Senate Majority some of the things in
the news Mitch McConnell is reportedly
close to finalizing a rule for
impeachment in the Senate that after
some evidence is presented there would
be some sort of a safety valve where
they can vote to wrap things up quickly
you kinda see where things are going
don't you I think you do I think I think
where we're adding is that the Senate
the setting up a situation where they
might hear perhaps Dershowitz is
argument about the constitutionality and
then say well okay that's all we need to
know if it's if it's not an impeachable
offense we don't need to know the
details we don't even need to know if he
did it didn't do it lied about it
doesn't matter it's not unbeatable
that's the end of the story and I think
that's where it's gonna go I think
Dershowitz is going to do his thing he's
gonna say doesn't matter if the facts
are true or false if everything that's
alleged is true it still doesn't matter
and I think the Senate's gonna vote
so that's what I think is going to
happen but I sought interview with one
of the impeachment managers for the
Democrats representative Jason crow and
you you're probably sick of me talking
about how a good Allender she which says
no matter what the topic is whenever
he's on one of the news programs doesn't
matter what
doesn't matter which topic I've been
telling you this for three years that as
soon as you hear him talk you feel like
the conversation is over
because he just puts the nail in the
conversation and you say well I could
argue with that but no I can't argue
with that it's actually you just nailed
it down that's all you need to know so
he's like the the the Godzilla of
constitutional lawyers and he's going to
be up against this other team of the
Democrats including representative Jason
crow and he was on a one of the news
shows I think yesterday and he mentioned
how the president was guilty of bribery
and the interviewer says why do you
think it is that bribery isn't one of
the allegations so this guy who's one of
their best lawyer defenders is talking
about the president and bribery and that
he's asked why do you think that's not
one of the charges and he ended up
giving this absurdly incompetent answer
about well you got to look at the big
picture and consider all the context of
the things and the impeachment and it's
important to the world and he couldn't
answer the question of why he seemed to
be unaware of what the actual
impeachment charges even were
so that part was hilarious but then he
goes on as he's digging his his hole to
put himself in and it gets even funnier
he goes on to say that if if the
president is not impeached on these
charges which people acknowledge are not
crimes I mean they're not crafted as
criminal charges if he's not impeached
for this no president could ever be held
accountable and I thought to myself wait
a minute if it's not a crime and it's
not criminal like which i think is what
Dershowitz will argue that the founders
were okay if it wasn't technically a
crime as sorted as long as it was in
that same basket you know as long as you
could look at and say well maybe it's
not technically a crime but it ought to
be a crime you know it's crime like then
that would still be impeachable but what
if what if it's just the president doing
his job shouldn't we wouldn't we want to
live in a world where if the president
doesn't commit a crime and he doesn't
commit according to the people who would
judge these things and he doesn't also
commit something that's crime like do
you want him to be held accountable for
just doing the job in a different way
than you would so I would say that
representative Jason crow does not have
a strong game at least if we judge it
just by this one interview it was sort
of a d-minus and in public interviews
one of the worst you'll ever see
and he's up against Dershowitz I mean
how could this even go any other way you
you could ignore all the other lawyers
involved I think and just say all right
that matchup tells you a lot all right
the New York Times
apparently the New York Times
endorsement for president means a lot
some say probably does and instead of
endorsing one person they've decided on
a let's say a balanced path
to be kind a balanced bath where they
they adore stew people Elizabeth Warren
and Klobuchar and the reason is they
wanted to endorse one who's sort of a
progressive and one who's sort of
moderate and those are the two they
thought were the best of their
respective bunches as Ian Bremmer
asked idiot tweet where he pointed out
it sort of makes the whole concept of
endorsement not make any sense if you're
endorsing people who are basically
opposites what does it mean
can you endorse people who have
literally opposite views one one wants
something very progressive and the other
wants something moderate they're not
quite an opposite but they're really
different but here's the interesting
part in the New York Times endorsement
they call them Bernie for being too old
and maybe not healthy enough so they
mentioned his heart attack in his age of
79 and they're suggesting he's just not
physically a good risk I think that's
pretty bold and it suggests that Biden
is too timid to get their endorsement so
I think the New York Times is trying to
warn people away from the oldest of the
candidates which is sort of an adult in
the room sort of thing to do I don't
like it in the sense that you know it's
not that I like the specific
recommendations but I do like the fact
that they're trying to be the adults in
the room here's what the adult in the
room says I don't really care how much
you like Biden he's too old I don't
really care how much you like Bernie
he's too old that's sort of the that's
the adult in the room and I feel as
though the people who were grasping to
Biden and Bernie are are sort of taking
maybe a childlike view because a child
would say well let's just ignore
the most important fact which is they're
both just too old there's there's no way
around it they're just way too old and
you could argue that you know Trump and
Elizabeth Warren are are pushing that
zone but that would be an argument about
pushing the boundary as opposed to by
them and Bernie who I think you could
just unambiguously say they're too old
if they were on my you know if they were
on my team and and I love them both for
president I still say the same thing it
has nothing to do with their policies or
personalities or anything else there is
a biological factor that if you're gonna
be the adult in the room Thank You New
York Times for being the adult in the
room
you just got to call that out you can't
you can't ignore the biggest factor we
are biological creatures yeah and and
and certainly Bloomberg's got that issue
as well all right for by way of full
disclosure I do have a bet on predicted
the betting site that the Democratic
nominee the nominee will be a woman so a
place they've been a few months ago I
guess and it wasn't just that it would
necessarily be you know Harris back when
I was thinking that she would be the top
of the ticket correctly but anyway I've
got that bed out there so just I'll just
let that hang there's nothing else to
say about it
let me give you a trumpet derangement
syndrome update I always think it's
fascinating to be in one movie and then
sort of look over and see what the other
people are thinking so let me give you
just a flavor of some of the things
coming from the anti-trump world this
one from James Carville you know him
famous adviser to Bill Clinton and a
very vocal Democrat and pundit and he
said this quote I guess yes
I think trump and trumpism is the
greatest threat this country has faced
since the fall of communism what what
the greatest threat this country has
faced since the fall of communism now
the first thing you need to know is that
this is a weird sentence because what
does he mean since the fall of communism
because I thought we were happy about
the fall of communism so if this is the
biggest threat since that thing we were
happy about what does that even mean but
I'm gonna be I'll be generous in my
interpretation of the sentence and say
that he was using the fall of communism
just as a time period not as a
comparison to what's happening under
that structure he's just saying that
trump and trumpism is the greatest
threat this country has faced since
several decades really
I think the LGBTQ community would like
to talk to him about AIDS that was a
pretty big problem how about our Wars
and our potential nuclear threats from
North Korea about terrorism I know I
feel like we've had some bigger threats
since we've had begger bigger threats
than mean old terrible Trump but you
gave us the biggest economy defeated
Isis do I need to go on you know you all
know the list of accomplishments but who
is still saying stuff like that like
it's the biggest problem to our entire
country on what level exactly let's say
let's say that I saw somebody mentioned
global warming in the comments let's say
that that's about let's say one of the
elements of this comment is that Trump
is bad for the economy and I'm sorry
know bad for the environment because of
climate change
he's he's not taking the lead on that
but here's the thing what difference
would it make it's not the United States
who's causing climate change it's China
it's it's India we've actually reduced
our co2 so what exactly is this greatest
threat to the country and what exactly
is trumpism so it just sounds a little
crazy from our perspective all right
then you remember morosa so so remember
that James Carville's worried about
Trump is not what he's already done so
he's been president for three years and
and Carville doesn't say look what he
did he broke everything instead he says
it's the biggest threat meaning the
future so I guess what he's done so far
wasn't so bad but in the future in the
future which you can't measure oh what a
coincidence
the president is doing well on things
you can measure it turns out he's doing
very very poorly he's the biggest risk
in the world for the imaginary future
which coincidentally we can't really
measure so here's another comment from
Trump derangement syndrome world from
Omarosa you remember how morosa she was
controversial employee for Trump and
quit and she was controversial on his
reality show and quit that or didn't
make it to the top I guess and she said
recently President Trump quote doesn't
grasp that his ignorance is destroying
our country a lot which part of the
country is getting destroyed did I miss
something
is there some part of our country
getting destroyed that the news isn't
reporting about where exactly is the
country getting destroyed and how
exactly is his ignorance doing that no
it doesn't even make sense
Virginia Heffernan and other anti
Trumper is writing in the LA Times
and I just have to read this one
paragraph because there's just a lot in
here
so that I'm taking this out of a larger
anti-trump article but this one
paragraph has got a special she says
understanding Trump is a fool's errand
he's sui generis now first of all who
writes an article meant to be consumed
by the the general public who reads the
LA Times and uses afraid like sweet
generous sui generis how many of you
know what that means
2% so if you've got a writer who uses a
term that no more than 2% of the people
reading it even know what the freaking
word means you're not a good writer
Sorry Sorry
there's no way other way to say that if
you're using vocabulary that the people
who read your stuff don't understand you
know unless you have some strategy about
it you're just a bad writer don't use
the sui's generous let me tell you what
it means it means one-of-a-kind do you
know how I know that I looked it up just
before this periscope I've been hearing
it in the news a lot I get it's one of
those words that it's getting around you
know people are using and I've heard it
a few times and I thought huh I don't
have to look that up because nobody's
gonna be dumb enough to use that term
again and then somebody did and then
somebody did again I thought what's up
with this anyway so this is the new term
just means one of a kind why can't you
say one of a kind no reason why would
you say sweet sweet generous I don't
even know what is that French I don't
even know what language that is why
would you say that instead of just one
of a kind or unique or one-off bad
writing all right so he's sweet generous
and far too erratic and finally
insubstantial to reward close attention
what it feels like things are being made
up with sentences
like there's nothing there so you try to
construct something out of nothing with
the way you word it he's far too erratic
based on what measurement is there an
erratic scale is there some way to
measure that is there such thing as too
erratic and just erratic enough what
kind of a weird baseless unsupported
opinion is too erratic and then she says
and finally insubstantial so she's
calling President Trump in substantial
what's that even mean
well I know what the word insubstantial
means but it seems to me that he's the
most substantial person in the entire
planet who is more substantial
I mean impactful and meaningful powerful
important who is more substantial than
President Trump right now nobody the
whole world there's nobody more
substantial than him and she just throws
this into a sentence like it's somehow
obvious well he's too insubstantial to
reward close attention what are we
rewarding people by paying attention
that's not how it works we just look at
things that we like looking at we look
at things that are interesting
we're not rewarding people with our
intention hey hey I'm gonna read you a
comment to give you a reward that's not
how it works we just look at stuff we
want to look at she goes on crumbs
elet's Trump zealots so now if if you're
a trump supporter you're a zealot why
can't you just be a trump supporter why
can't you just look at your choices and
say I think I like this one better but
no you're a zealot are there no Biden
zealots do you know why there are no
Biden zealots because he doesn't inspire
any passion nobody really cares but if
somebody cares about what you're doing
well I guess you're you're a zealot if
people like what you're doing
Trump's elet's are another matter so now
she's gonna get to you guys many of you
were Trump supporters
they are part of the tradition of
radical converts in American history who
elected to forfeit their authentic
personalities and principles rather than
refine or strengthen them what what are
these sentences even mean I don't know
what you're saying all right so this is
I'm talking to you this is all of you
you're part of a tradition of radical
converts maybe you didn't even know that
did you know you're a radical convert or
in your in the tradition of it and that
you've forfeited your authentic
personality and principals who did that
did you do that did you forfeit your
principles just because you like one
candidate more than the other choices
I'll think so I'll think your forfeit of
any principles even even the let's say
the religious right who would not
necessarily approve of Trump's personal
life or his style even they haven't
forfeited any principles they still
exactly have the same principles all
they did was look at their choices we've
got one of these we got one of these we
like this one better it's a world with
tough choices nobody gets their exact
candidate and who offered you your exact
candidate nobody offered you don't get
to pick your exact candidate that's not
how it works you get the one that's good
enough or better than the other ones all
right then Virginia African says we need
to stay focused do we do we need to stay
focused on how so many Americans came to
this pass and took this destructive
course
how did it happen to you you poor poor
bastards you were you are such normal
and happy people and then it must have
been somehow the Trump cult pulled you
in you became a zealot you gave away
your your authentic personality and
principles that happened to you did you
notice
because I'll bet you didn't notice that
you were any different probably didn't
notice and then she goes on to say that
the Trump cult
okay now you're a cult we'll define
American politics for decades to come
even after his Dear Leader is gone well
yeah yeah president Trump's impact will
affect things for decades that's true
all right so all of this looks like
crazy talked to me in which they're
trying the the author is trying to
construct something in a words that
doesn't exist in the actual world but if
you work it right it feels like you're
talking about something of substance
maybe not I have a friend who is a very
deep anti-trump er and he sent me a list
of all the reasons that Trump is a
disaster so I want you to read and I
want you to tell you that this is a
friend who is very intelligent right so
we're talking about we're talking about
a Democrat who I can I can confirm is
one of the smartest people yell ever
mate like super smart went to grade
school etc so here are the things that
he calls out for all the reasons that
Trump is a disaster you ready number one
economically massive income inequality
when you woke up this morning did it go
like this Oh waking up today oh my god
has the income inequality gotten worse
how will I go forward today how will I
live with all the income inequality it's
literally the thing nobody thinks about
even poor people didn't wake up today
and say ah the income inequality but
I'll bet a lot of people who used to not
have jobs but now do because
unemployment is better than maybe ever
I'll bet all those people are not
complaining about income inequality
because there's
just got less so if the first thing on
your list is a concept that nobody even
feels talks about or cares about except
it's something that people talk about on
the news that's it
that's your number one complaint your
number one complaint and I've never even
seen anybody making an argument that it
even necessarily leads to anything bad
directly or indirectly all right but he
goes on he acknowledges a high
employment okay good below wage growth
what what what networker new sources is
he watching in which he thinks that one
of the top complaints about this
president is low wage growth is not our
wage growth actually better is it not
better than it's been under a prior
present what what new source is he
looking at and he's talking about people
taking multiple gig jobs etc no that's
all true but isn't it trending in the
right direction I mean my new sources
say it is trending in the right
direction right the cost cost of living
bah-bah-bah he goes on to say no
progress on health care no progress on
health care again what news source is he
looking at when he says no progress on
health care have there not been law
changes that allow people to do things
across state lines have there not been
things out of the Health and Human
Services group I think it was in which
no was at the FDA which every cabinet is
that is promoting more generics so they
sped up the generics so it lowers the
price now you could say he hasn't done
enough and I say that too so I criticize
President Trump on not doing enough for
health care but to say but to say no
progress on health care that just means
you're now watching the right news
because there's been identifing clearly
things that that make a real difference
in health care not enough but they're
real tax cuts help the rich that's just
a talking point it's not something that
you know is part of the real world the
you know the whenever you talk about tax
cuts helping the rich well I don't want
to get into a long gill net but if the
rich pay most of the taxes a tax cuts
gonna help them more if you want to put
serious money into the economy you're
probably gonna have to cut their taxes I
don't want to give that argument but
it's a weak it's a weak problem all
right
so cuts in food stamps and school
lunches blah blah blah environmental
regulations I have my own concerns about
environmental stuff so I'd agree with
him on that then he goes on to say
socially there's more divisiveness than
any time meaning race now if you're
watching the news and you're watching
both both the left and the right what do
you say that President Trump is the
cause of the racial divisiveness I
wouldn't I'd say it's the way he's
reported in other words the way he's
covered it causes it because if you just
reported what Trump does you would end
up with what major Garrett said recently
and he's no he's no pro chopper and he
said that any president would be happy
to have the the record that President
Trump has already recorded for race so
he's you know everything from prison
reform to supporting historically black
colleges etc so this is just a complete
brainwashing situation where if you only
watch the news on the left you would
come to believe that the division the
racial problems are because of Trump as
opposed to the reporting it's just the
reporting if they reported what he does
instead of what they imagine he's
thinking there wouldn't be any problem
at all and I always say that I don't
think that this problem
goes down to real people I think it's a
news problem I'm gonna sneeze aren't you
lucky I got the microphone just in time
then he goes on to say that we have a
disastrous trade war with China and it's
hurt farmers and and I'm thinking the
trade deals that he says that our
disaster just got approved by both
Democrats and Republicans even the
Democrats say they're good deals
compared to what we had when he talks
about it hurt the farmers that was the
plan the plan is that some part of our
our economy would be hurt but in the
long run it would be better in general
that was that was the actual plan so to
say it hurt one segment of the economy
is not to say you shouldn't have done it
and it's not to say it didn't work there
was a cost so we could get these larger
benefits and even and even the Democrats
agreed they signed the deals so what new
source are you watching that you're
coming up with these opinions and then
defense saying that you know getting out
of the Iranian nuclear deal was all bad
to which I responded was he aware that
the old Iranian nuclear nuclear deal
guaranteed that Iran would have nuclear
weapons guaranteed it was that the deal
he wanted and now we're looking at it
the Trump just shut down their whole
proxy business by killing the guy who
was feeding it and you know maybe we'll
be surprised but it's looking like proxy
wars are down and it's looking like
Iran's economy is on the brink meaning
that they'll get flexible it's looking a
lot to me like this is the best
situation we've ever been in with
and in fact the whole Middle East they
throws him the abandonment of the Kurds
in Syria have you heard an update on
that have you heard any stories about
all the tragedies because of our
abandonment of the Kurds maybe there's a
bad stuff happening that we don't know
about but have you heard of any because
to me it looks like just another
overreaction that if you were to look at
what's actually happening on the ground
and you talk to the Kurds they say yeah
we're kind of we're kind of unhappy
about this situation but it's working
out what news is he looking at anyway
the ending of intermediate nuclear
weapons deal with Russia does that make
any difference is Russia going to attack
the United States with nuclear weapons I
don't think so
and do they need any extra ones if they
want to destroy the United States would
it matter if Russia got a little extra
good nuclear weapons it doesn't really
matter how many times they could destroy
the United States if they just went if
Russia just went from being able to
destroy the United States guaranteed a
hundred times over to a thousand times
over did that make any difference I
don't think so I don't think made any
difference at all if we get in a war
with Russia we're all dead details don't
matter too much anyway and then he ends
with most European and Asian countries
think we are a joke and cannot wait for
trump to leave what do we say about
Justin Trudeau is the American view of
Justin Trudeau or Angela Merkel or you
named your leader
are we not kind of laughing at them
behind their backs I mean isn't it just
normal business they laugh at our
president they mock and we left their
leaders we mock them does any of it mean
anything it doesn't is is is the UK not
going to do a trade agreement with us
because that one time some people left
behind
Trump's back or are they gonna say no
now we can't do a trade deal with you
because remember there was that one time
we left behind your back so I guess we
can't do a trade now it makes no
difference they will do a trade deal
because it's good for them they will be
our allies and defense and NATO because
it's good for them countries don't
operate on the who laughed at you more
behind your back to principle it's all
based on self-interest and we're the
biggest dog in every fight so self
interests assumes that they will
continue working with us alright that's
enough on trumped arrangement syndrome I
want to give you a some tips on stress
reduction this is part of my ongoing
series I'm gonna raise my hands again so
if anybody's looking through later
they're they're searching through this
to find the part where I talk about this
topic they'll see me with my hands in
the air and know to stop it
and watch it so anxiety is different
from stress anxiety can be that
causeless thing that you're worried
about and it's irrational but it's what
it has at least a little overlap with
stress in general and what I mean is if
you could if you could lower your stress
in general by doing all the right
lifestyle stuff you're probably in
better shape for handling everything
else so if you've got some anxiety just
normal stress reduction won't make it go
away but it could lessen its effect on
you so let's talk about that I treat
stress reduction as a full-time job and
I have since college
prior to college I probably had more
stress than I wanted and I said to
myself you know I'm just gonna spend all
of my time getting rid of this because I
hate going through the day feeling
stressed or anxious or whatever I'm
gonna make it my full-time job that the
stress is gonna go away and I'm gonna
work in that so I wrote a red book
called how to failed almost everything
and still win big about how to create
systems that can fix your fitness and
your your diet and you
or sleep and all those things I want to
talk today about sleep specifically and
here's the thing I want to say people
don't seem to realize the sleep is a
learned skill some of you probably don't
know that there are some people who
think that they're not good at getting
to sleep and they have trouble sleeping
and there are other people who don't
have trouble but I'm here to tell you
that sleeping properly is a skill and
it's not something you just want if all
you're doing is I sure wish I slept
better but you're not doing anything
differently
you don't understand how sleep works
it's a skill and give it give you the
skill and suggest that you make a system
and of experimenting for your personal
situation so we're all a little
different so the tips I give you are
close to universal but you might need to
tweak them for your own purposes so you
should experiment continuously
continuously don't ever stop finding a
better way to get a good sleep so change
your pillows change your sheets get a
different mattress just keep keep
plugging at it those things might not
make a difference in your case some
cases they will but don't stop it's a
lifelong process to get better as
sleeping it's a skill here are some of
the things you need to know number one
if you can't get to sleep at night
maybe you didn't work hard enough I know
you don't want to hear that but in my
own experience which I'm not suggesting
necessarily extends to everybody else
but in my experience if I have worked
hard all day if I have exercised that
day and that's that's the big one if I
physically exercised and I've worked
hard I never have trouble sleeping
period and when I don't do enough of
those two things I do it's pretty
one-to-one correlation so the first
thing you should say to yourself is what
do I need to do with my day so that by
the time I get in bed
I'm primed to sleep if you're not active
every day at least taking a long walk
cleaning the garage it doesn't have to
be going to the gym but if you haven't
physically been active good luck getting
to sleep because if your body isn't a
little bit tired it's not going to it's
not going to work for you so the first
thing you should tell yourself is if you
can't sleep maybe you didn't work hard
enough which could have been just
exercise for your own benefit it doesn't
have to be work work the next thing you
need to know is that your body and your
mind are sort of a feedback loop so if
you have some anxiety in your mind it'll
it'll come out in your body so your body
will feel anxious and stressed what
happens when your body feels anxious and
stressed their feedback the feeds back
to your mind so your mind is making your
body anxious your anger but your body is
making your mind anxious and it's just
reinforcing it's hard to get your mind
to just stop it's much easier to get
your body to slow down because you can
just exhaust it you just exercise until
your body is just exhausted and that's
one way you can break out of the loop
because if your body's exhausted it's
not going to be feedback the anxiety and
stress so much to your brain and then
your brain won't be part of the loop
anymore so that's that's the main thing
is stop thinking it's a brain problem
and start thinking of it as a physical
body problem exhaust your body your
brain will follow here's the next thing
don't bring up bad topics after 8:00
p.m. you can adjust the APM to whenever
your normal sleep time is but after
about a p.m. especially if you're in a
relationship it's tempting to let's say
you haven't seen each other all day and
you want to you want to talk about these
these things because it's the only time
you have you know the kids are in bed or
whatever don't do it just don't do it
eight o'clock or you know adjust for
your own situation but after eight
o'clock don't talk about the things that
are gonna keep you awake just don't do
it that's a big one and certainly don't
have those conversations in bed after
you get in bed definitely don't do that
here's one of my biggest most important
tips most of you will reject this but I
promise you it's the most important so
if there's only one thing you want to
learn you know maybe the exercise is the
most important but in the top two is
going to is wake up and go to sleep at
the same time all week don't want to
hear that do you do it because you want
to get up you know when you have to go
to work you want to get up early but
then it's the weekend you like ah
finally it's the weekend I can sleep in
there's nothing worse for your sleep and
if you ruined your sleep there's almost
nothing worse except that maybe diet to
hurt your overall health all right top
rule get up the same time Saturday and
Sunday or close to it right don't do the
go to bed at 3:00 a.m. sleep till noon
thing because you like the party it's
fun now I understand the younger you are
the more tempting that will be your
social life might require it it might be
how you meet people it might be integral
to who you are but if you do that just
know that the trade-off is you will be
tired and sleepy and it will cost you
everywhere else in your life probably
not worth it
so I also say that alcohol is poison so
if you're drinking you're going to have
sleep problems independent of the fact
that might keep you up late so
number-one rule
get up and go to sleep approximately the
same times every day of the week because
if you don't turn it into a habit that
your body recognizes as a habit it's
going to be tough got to turn it into a
habit so that your body at about nine
nine
10 p.m. is already telling you go to
sleep go to sleep here's one
don't let your bed be the place that you
used to not sleep and this means several
things don't go to bed and then start a
task don't go to bed and do a project
while you're in bed don't go to bed and
watch TV unless you're one of those
people the TV puts you to sleep
that's a different situation don't don't
use your bed for anything but sleeping
and of course sex those two things are
the only things your bed should be if
you find that it's 1 a.m. in the morning
and you can't sleep and and you put into
work rights you've tossed and turned and
you're just not gonna sleep get up get
out of bed get completely out of bed go
go sit in the couch go pet the dog go
walk around try it again in 15 minutes
because you want your bed to be the
place that you do sleep not the thing
that you go into your toss and turn when
you can't sleep so if you know you're
not going to get to sleep in the next
half hour because you you can just tell
it's just not going to happen
get up and by the way this is what the
experts recommend I'm not I'm not making
up any of this there's nothing that I'm
saying that doesn't come directly from
pretty much all experts it's probably
bad to be looking at your devices in bed
put them away I know that's tempting but
these glowing screens are just terrible
for your for your sleep here's another
tip you want your room to be as dark as
possible ideally completely dark the
more light there is the less you can
sleep it's purely biological there will
be people who tell you now I sleep
better when there's a little light on
because maybe you're afraid if it gets
too dark or whatever but I would suggest
that biologically there's probably no
exception biologically probably the
darker it is the better
so get blackout curtains in your bedroom
if you can
keep away from caffeine you know too
late in the afternoon that's going to
keep you up temperature is important I
like it cold other people don't and
here's another one don't do the don't do
the list of what you do tomorrow while
you're in bed never ever get in bed and
then run through what you have to do
tomorrow I treat I treat the next day as
though it doesn't exist when I go to bed
I spend zero time thinking about
tomorrow you should get in that habit
never think about tomorrow while you're
in bed it's the worst thing you could do
never think about your list your chores
your anything if you're concerned about
those things get up an hour earlier you
know go to bed earlier and get up our
it's a good thing to get up early reduce
your stress you're not going to be late
read some things have your coffee make
your to-do list once you're fresh in the
morning
that's your best thing to do and then as
as I said the start
all of these are just starting tips if
you do these starting tips that's just
gonna get you going but this should be a
lifetime of experimentation do you sleep
better at this temperature do you sleep
better with a fan fan is good sort of
background sound obviously better in
pajamas do you sleep better in this kind
of sheet just keep at it
it's your full-time job to make sure
that you don't have a stress now
reducing your stress as I said doesn't
get rid of you know deep-rooted anxiety
problems but you don't want both right
you don't want to have anxiety that
you've always had all your life that's
just sort of there for various
situations you don't want to add to that
by being also stressed so treat them as
if they're a pair of things and you
don't want them working together so if
you can get rid of one do it alright
what if your spouse needs exact opposite
of you to sleep that's a big problem I
mean ultimately that's that's a personal
problem there I will let me tell you
this okay I'm going to tell you
something
that
we'll change the lives of a bunch of you
percentage-wise not that many but a lot
of you because or I know close to 3,000
people watching this probably a hundred
thousand people will watch this by the
time it's done and distribute it to
different platforms and a hundred
thousand a whole bunch of you are going
to have your whole situation changed by
what I tell you next people don't talk
about it because it's embarrassing but
you can see in the comments that people
sleep in separate bedrooms very commonly
when they're married very commonly you
can see it in the comments are just
going crazy with people saying separate
rooms have a room separate rooms if you
have the luxury and it's totally a
luxury and one of you snores or what if
he needs a different temperature or you
sleep at different times whatever is
going on just know and here's the part
where I'm helping you just know that if
you have a gathering of your best
friends you know a bunch of couples and
set a party just look around the room I
guarantee you one third of those people
are sleeping in separate rooms and
they're just not telling you because
people don't like to admit that because
it sounds like there's something wrong
when actually it's just a better way to
sleep so simply knowing that it's a
normal thing and lots of normal people
do it they just don't talk about it just
freed about 10,000 people who just said
seriously normal people with good
relationships sometimes sleep in
separate rooms no not sometimes very
commonly so if you're one of those
people who needs to do that you you have
all the social freedom you need you
probably won't talk about it either
that's it all right that's all for now
I'll talk to you later