but in pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom pom hey Janice come on in here
I hope you have for your beverage and
the rest of you gather round there's
still space come on be near jdj yes
Tyler Brad Andrew and Jen
it is time Ryan and John and and Tony it
is time for the simultaneous it grab
your cup your classroom ugh your dying
you're jealous
your tankard your thermos your flask
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee and join before the unparalleled
pleasure of the simultaneous sip oh it's
better when you make the sound
afterwards just being grateful grateful
to the day alright let us start with my
favorite story of the day I hope you all
saw Candace Owens just to use a to use
Jack pasaba --ks term in this tweet
Candace Owens just absolutely torched
Ted live in the MV testimonies now if
you haven't if you haven't seen it
yourself it's just one of the greatest
things you'll ever see live you know in
terms of political activity so the setup
here is as some time ago there was an
event in which Candace Owens made some
kind of a Hitler reference when
explaining how nationalism that she sees
that the American kind of nationalism
has nothing to do with Hillary alright
so what she was saying in context if you
understand what she was saying and here
the whole question in the year the
context is that American nationalism has
nothing to do with whatever Hitler was
doing
perfectly acceptable statement nothing
to say about it
ted Lieu totally catches her by surprise
I was but I would say and plays the clip
out of context and if you just hear the
clip out of context it makes it seem in
and I have to be honest it makes it seem
to dumb people right nobody smart would
have this interpretation but dumb people
here at and the context and they say
wait a minute I think Candice Owens just
praised Hiller now let me say a few
things if there's one rule that can help
you a lot in understanding the world and
what is true and what is not true and
it's the Scott Alexander rule and they
talk about this all the time Scott
Alexander being the nom de plume of a
anonymous blogger who first introduced
me to this idea and the idea is that
when you see a news story that on its
surface seems impossible almost every
time you're going to find out it wasn't
true so here's the example just a
perfect example so ted Lieu in front of
the world believes that he's found the
only black woman in the United States
who's willing to praise Hitler in public
knowing that she's a political figure
and that her job is to talk in public
and ted Lieu believes that a young
educated black woman stood in front of
people with the cameras rolling in
public and praised hillier ted Lieu
thought that happened now did you need
to hear the full context of Candace's
actual comments to know that that never
happened no you should not even need to
hear the details of the story you should
just hear the story and say an educated
successful black woman whose
in public for a living and knows that
she's in public and talking and that
everybody's gonna report what she says
and you're reporting that she praised
Hitler no you don't need to dig into the
details you you don't need to know the
details to know that didn't happen and
indeed it did not happen so ted Lieu and
i usually don't say this about people
who are just playing politics and you
know they're they're taking they're
taking in the team sports seriously so
there's some amount of ted Lieu that i
can handle and in fact he and i have
traded some tweets and although we
disagreed most things he seemed like a
nice guy you know just on twitter you
seemed like a nice guy just doing his
political best to support his team but
this time he crossed the line oh my god
this is not politics what ted Lieu
attempted and failed to do to candice
Owens is not politics it's just
despicable or it's mental illness and
I'm not sure I can tell which one it is
but there are only two possibilities
that I can think of there may be other
possibilities as well that I can't think
of you always have to keep that
possibility open but the two
explanations for what Ted did were
either that he's a horrible human being
who doesn't care about the health of the
country or the well-being of people in
general I mean just you want
interpretation that would explain the
facts would you be these just one of the
worst people who's ever lived I mean
what he did if that if he knew it was
not true and he did it anyway that is
despicable on a level that we rarely see
and so I don't think that's what
happened right consistent with my Scott
Alexander theory I'm going to say that
the most the most outlandish explanation
of what happened there
is that ted Lieu knew exactly what he
was doing and did it anyway now you
can't say there's no chance of that
happening but you also can't say there's
no chance that a educated successful
black woman who talks in public for a
living
praise Hitler I mean it didn't happen
and you should have known it didn't
happen as soon as you've heard it but
likewise let's take the same thinking
let's be consistent let's take it to Ted
is it likely that he knew it was fake
he knew that she did not praise Hitler
and that he did it anyway in public and
knowing of course knowing that he would
give fried for it
maybe maybe so people are saying Scott
you're naive what I'm saying is that the
most predictive rule you'll ever see is
that if it looks really really unlikely
that that could be true it probably
isn't not every time but almost surely
it isn't because the other explanation
is totally ordinary all right you have
an extraordinary explanation that he
said this in public knowing it's false
no politicians live in public all the
time but this particular one was so
awful that you'd really have to think
twice before doing this intentionally
maybe maybe he did but there's an
ordinary explanation that he's just like
everybody else who is an anti Trump er
and he's experiencing an actual hysteria
we know that that's universally not
universally but it's massively true for
lots of people all right so I don't
think there's any question that a lot of
people fall into that category so I'm
going to accept as probably true don't
know for sure can't read his mind but
probably he's acting in the most normal
ordinary way that we've seen lots of
people act which is he believes that
happened they actually believed that
that a an educated black woman who talks
in front of people for a living
praise Diller actually believes that now
that is scary but it's also ordinary
because you can see lots of other people
believing a variety of hoaxes about
Trump but I wanted I just needed to if
you haven't seen it I just need to play
the clip because you're gonna see one of
the greatest public demonstrations I
don't know just public mastery you're
ever gonna see
so I'll set it up for you so so Candice
here's her self get slimed by ted Lieu
and if she can't speak right away
because the rules allow other people to
speak before she gets her say-so by the
time she gets to talk you can see from
the longer video you can see that she's
just seeing like there you can see the
you can see the power kind of welling up
inside her you know you it's just
wonderful to watch just her her actual
expression because you can see just the
power forming uh-huh and then what she
talks she just kills it she just slays
him she was lying
and it's just a play to remember the
committee all right I had to tap to stop
there so Nadler interrupts her and says
you can't speak disparagingly of of
somebody and so it and so nether old
nadz as i like to call them
thinks that Candace just called ted Lieu
stupid that didn't happen so net ler
actually is experiencing a hallucination
right in public he imagines the Candace
said something that she clearly didn't
sank what she said is that Ted Lou is
smart because well not I I guess this is
the wrong way to put it or that she's
accusing him of trying to be clever in
assuming that black people will not go
and check the full video now she's right
and so is ted Lieu people were not gonna
go check the video we are but most
people won't right so she's right about
that so watch so first of all you see
you know Nadler push her off her for a
game right so she starts talking she
gets them to her zone and he just pushes
her off her game now watch her recover
you know watch purposefully extracted he
cut off and you didn't hear the question
that was asked of me he's trying to
present as if I was launching a defense
of Hitler in Germany when in fact the
question that was asked of me was for
turning to whether or not I believed
that Hitler was a whether or not I
believed in nationalism and that
nationalism was bad or what I responded
to is I do not believe that we should be
characterizing Hitler as a nationalist
he was a homicidal psychopathic maniac
that killed his own people a nationalist
would not kill their own people that's
exactly what I was referring to in the
clip and he purposely wanted to give you
a cut up similar to what they do to
Donald Trump to create a different
narrative that was unbelievably
dishonest and he did not allow me to
respond to it
which is worrisome and should tell you a
lot about where people are today in
terms of trying to drum up narratives
by the way I would like to also add that
I work for Prager University which is
run by an Orthodox Jew on a single
Democrat showed up to the embassy
opening in Jerusalem I sat on a plane
for 18 hours to make sure that I was
there I'm deeply offended by the
insinuation of revealing that clip
without the question that was asked of
me oh god that's good so good how old is
she
I imagine when she is 55 I meant you
know that that's that skill level just
you know she's 29 just fast forward that
in your mind she's 30 fast forward that
in your mind to how good she is gonna be
a 55 because she's already better than
everybody in that room I mean she's
she's testifying to Congress and making
them look like idiots very entertaining
all right now let me get a few other
topics here we got a lot going on while
ago I said that Kamala Harris seemed to
be the Pick of CNN and the mainstream
media they seem to be sending her love
letters but she has gotten forgotten
she's been forgotten lately and so I
asked myself have they soured on her now
there's no rule that says that the
mainstream media can't be for somebody
in the beginning and then change the
mind if that person doesn't get any
attraction and that looks like that
might be happening it appears and we'll
have to keep watching but they're
starting to be a hint a little bit of a
clue that Pete Buddha g-button gg am I
saying that correctly might be the new
chosen one here's why that makes sense
remember that the Democratic Party is
the party of identity you've got your
women you've got your black people your
Hispanics your every other minority
you've got your LGBTQ so each of these
entities within the Democratic Party
want to have their voice heard they
would like to have a leader who is like
them the two biggest categories I would
think would be women who would have most
power I would think and the black voters
who are
who also are big enough unified block
the way they vote that they're also
super powerful if you get both the black
vote and the woman vote on the Democrat
side you're in good shape because you
probably get the gay vote too because
the Democrats you know seem seem more
suited for that community and so that
would be a good solid group but if you
don't have the right candidate and your
candidate who who checks the right boxes
come lares is woman she's a person of
color that's that's a strong package and
she's a good you know she's got
experience she's good on camera but
she's boring and I don't know if the
news wants to cover a boring a boring
candidate or even worse a boring
president it's just boring so if you're
the Democrats and you can't decide can
we get enough people to black to back a
black candidate let's say cory booker
can we get enough people to back a woman
candidate
let's say Elizabeth Warren or anybody
else and if the answer is no what do you
do if you still want to win I think you
picked the compromise candidate I think
you picked the gay guy because he first
of all he's probably the only star as
far as I can tell
Buddha Gee Gee is the only one who's got
some star quality you know to say some
things that get him some information I'm
sorry to get him some attention and I
would not be surprised if the Democrats
decide that he's sort of the compromise
and as weird as this sounds I'm gonna
say it you know with love there's no
what I'm gonna say now I'm not this is
no insult intended so if you imagine
there is that would be your imagination
it seems that women and black Democrats
may compromise that gay is as close as
they can get to to either being black
all of them now don't take that too
literally all I'm saying is that he
might be the one person everybody can
agree on because at least you don't get
your straight white male president if he
wins right at least you've got something
at least she got something so I would
keep an eye out for Buddha gg
buddy gg being the new media favorite
we'll see if he catches on there is a
nonzero chance that the simulation who
will will serve up a Democratic ticket
that is buddy gg and SWA well I'm not
going to add a joke because it would be
inappropriate but I'm just telling you
that the simulation might serve that up
and then you'll hear some bad jokes but
I'm not gonna make anything I'm just
saying that that might be coming all
right
I've been I've been saying to people let
me back up a little bit so yesterday i
retweeted a tweet that Jack Dorsey
tweeted it was an article from the
Atlantic I guess and the article was
about a guy who's trying to figure out
if he can he can codify some rules for
discussions and debate if he come up
with some techniques some guidelines
some way to more productively debate
each other because as you but as you
know you've been watching and you can
see that you can see that people don't
really debate each other they debate at
cross-purposes and one of his
speculations the person in this Atlantic
article is that people such as artists
can't can't isolate isolate problems in
other words they are combiners by nature
so they see everything is connected
whereas there some people who can
isolate a variable
people like scientists people like
economist people like engineers and the
idea is that once you could recognize in
the public that there's some people who
just can't do that you'll understand why
they're trying to have the same
conversation but they're not and I'll
give you my example I I've been saying
to people online on Twitter that I
oppose President Trump putting children
in Obama cages now you see what I'm
doing there right I'm personal branding
the Obama cages because I think most of
them are if not all of them were built
during the Obama administration and
there were kids in it but for different
reasons
now people argue and they say why why
are you blaming this all on Obama don't
you know the president Trump put kids in
cages to which I say I just said that I
said I oppose President Trump putting
children in Obama cages and the people
who are the artists shall I say camp
can't process it because they live in
the world where Obama good Trump bad and
they don't live in a world where someone
like me could say maybe they both need
to have done better why can't I say I
wish Obama had not put anybody in the
cage I also wish president Trump would
put nobody in the cage now I don't have
the better idea if you're asking me hey
Scott what are you gonna do instead of
this because you know there are too many
people and if you don't do this or that
you've got other problems to which I say
totally true it's not an easy problem to
solve it wasn't easy for Obama it's not
easy for Trump and he's got more more
people coming
none of us good but it's also not my job
I'm not the president and as a citizen I
get to criticize my presidents so for me
it's a fair statement to say
oppose President Trump putting children
in Obama cages but watch what people
resent how people respond to that they
can't get around the fact that you would
dislike it in both cases and they can't
get around the fact that Trump's doing
it but there are Obama cages just watch
how people try to process it if you see
somebody who can instantly sort those
out if you see somebody who can you can
isolate those and say oh yeah it's true
that Obama did this it was that
situation it's true the Trump did this
slightly different situation it's both
immigration but they had slightly
different situations and different
numbers of people if you see anybody
who's smart enough to break it down like
that probably you can end up agreeing
but if somebody just can't even process
the fact that you could say that both of
them should not have put kids in cages
but you don't have you don't have a
better idea you you can watch people
spin it's fun alright in no particular
order there's a story that there's a
Nobel Prize winner so some a scientist
that we can take seriously won a Nobel
Prize who says that in several years he
believes they can figure out how to use
lasers to neutralize nuclear waste in
days so instead of waiting thousands or
hundreds of years for your nuclear waste
to decay the scientist is pretty sure
that with a few years of work a few
years might be ten years but but from an
engineering perspective it looks doable
they can actually zap the waste with a
laser and neutralize it now I'm not
saying that will necessarily work you
know anytime you hear a report of
something that they think they can do in
ten years you have to take that with a
grain of salt it might be a flying car
sort of thing I only mentioned it
because when you're trying to predict 80
years into the future
you can't because people
inventing stuff you didn't see coming
how many of you would have would have
said well if we're gonna look 80 years
in the future you should certainly
calculate that in ten years we'll
probably be able to use a laser on our
nuclear waste to to make it safe nobody
would have thought of that all right
that's how the future is it's completely
unpredictable because of developments
such as that all right you may have
heard the let's talk a little bit more
about generation four so it's not my
imagination is it that there are more
and more people who are talking about
generation for nuclear now I think Bill
Gates gets most of the credit here
because I understand he did do a tour
through Washington in which you talk to
important people and made his case I'm
sure he was persuasive right because as
Bill Gates comes to talk to you about
nuclear you listen you listen and you
should so probably he primed the pump
within the government and when you know
Mark Snyder and I and others on Twitter
are trying to educate people on the fact
that a generation four is safe from
meltdowns it's designs of meltdowns
can't happen even if everything goes
wrong in that they eat the nuclear waste
from existing nuclear sites you know
those are those are pretty hard to
refute we would need some development
but I'm sure we can get there so I feel
pretty optimistic that the green nuclear
deal will inevitably become a bigger
part of the solution you know we can we
can certainly do that if we want to all
right
I have criticized President Trump for
saying that he's gonna wait on health
care that he's gonna wait and I've said
that's that's know waiting is not a
policy you get an F for help for health
care so I've graded the president
and F in healthcare because he has no
plan even a bad plan is better than no
plan at all now he says he's gonna come
up with a plan and I was critical of
that I felt like just abdicating his
responsibility but I've thought about it
a little longer and I'm gonna I'm gonna
adjust my opinion it is still a failing
grade that there's no planned so I still
give the president an F for health care
because he doesn't have a plan but from
a political point of view it probably is
exactly the right thing to wait as long
as possible I hit I don't like it I
don't like it but it's almost certainly
true that he should wait as long as
possible before giving any details
because if he does alternately come up
with any details close to the election
then you still have something to talk
about and you will forget that he used
to have no details so as long as he does
it he's still going to be able to
recover from the fact that we thought he
was failing right up to the time he
comes up with a plan once he comes up
with a plan then you can criticize it of
course and people will but until then
he's got all the Democrats are going to
be coming out with their damn dumbass
plans and let's face it they're not
going to be practical plans and they're
all going to be attacking each other and
he's going to be attacking them but
nobody can attack his plan because he
doesn't have one he doesn't have one so
it probably makes perfect sense
politically to let the Democrats get out
there and just get savaged for every
idea that they come up with until he
sees what works and what doesn't so by
the time the president comes up with
whatever he comes up with and not being
optimistic that he'll come up with
anything but if he does it's going to be
the result of having seen all the stuff
that didn't work in the public's opinion
that's a gigantic advantage gigantic and
so
I'm gonna give him a persuasion maybe it
might be an A+ in terms of political
decisions in terms of what's good for
the country you would like to see the
plan and if he doesn't ever come up with
on it's just stays an ass so it's great
as an F but politically I can't say it's
a bad decision just ran as she was let
me toss out a plan all right I'm gonna
toss out a plan but I have to check one
message first make sure that okay here's
my plan for a Republican health care
plan and I don't claim this is a good
plan this is plan I want to throw out
and see how you react to it so here here
would be the approach the approach would
be to say instead of going in and fixing
every little detail of health care the
best you can do because it's so
complicated and nobody really
understands it is to fix every instance
in which there is not a market
competitive situation so in other words
the Republican plan could be nothing
more than whatever it takes to improve
the competitive situation if they only
did that that they'd have a pretty
strong case it wouldn't be an immediate
benefit but people could see well that
makes sense
all of our problems are because the
competitive situation with health care
is broken so if you could just fix what
makes it competitive you'd have a good
argument even if it wasn't a good plan
so here's my suggestion suppose you just
added one option which is that you could
buy into and pay for Medicare so you
keep the free Medicare for the old
people just the way it is no change but
you add an option that somebody can pay
a younger person can simply pay and buy
into it but here's the thing the price
for the people buying in would be below
market rates and it would be even if had
to be artificially
set it will be set below market and you
also keep all of the private plans
exactly the way they are
so now you've created a situation where
the private plans will have to compete
against the by in Medicare plan where
the costs per month is lower than the
private plans so they're gonna have to
work on their cost structure or else
they're gonna lose X number of people
who said you know my private plan is
definitely better the private plan is
better
what is more expensive and I need to
save money so I'm gonna go with the one
that's say 25% cheaper as soon as you do
that you've created a situation where
the private industry has to compete
harder and here's the benefit it's
simple I just explained an idea to you
and you all understood it and the moment
you understood it you said my god
competition was the problem we can't we
can't dig into every detail of of how
the you know everything works and who
the insurers are who's in the middle and
payments and the government making
decisions so why don't we change nothing
except adding a price tag for an opt-in
option for Medicare then Medicare can
slowly improve the the private industry
can slowly approve and then at the same
time you're working on lowering the
costs for the entry-level version of
health care now as I've said before
companies like mine interface by one hub
we've got an app where you can talk to
any expert for a fee these could be
health care experts in fact we have
doctors on there now that you could get
a second opinion or a first opinion
so the technology will continue making
low-cost healthcare workable by by
creating lower cost techniques so
apparently there are a number of sensors
and tests devices you can attach to your
phone now to make your phone practically
a Star Trek
Corder you know you can do everything
from your AG's dear you know I think you
can do maybe some blood sugar tests and
stuff so pretty soon if you don't have a
job but you do have a phone you're gonna
have 75% of what you need for healthcare
in terms of expertise so anyway the
point would be that if the Republican
plan look like increasing competition
and they could do that in a number of
different ways it might be a package of
let's say ten changes they might be
executive orders they might be
recommendations for Congress to change
the law but in every case the only point
of any of the changes is to improve
market competition there there's no
other objective and and that would be a
suggestion for a plan anyway it's got to
be simple and it's got to be something
that can improve on its own over time
and what I described might get you there
all right I saw there's no study that
said only 12 percent of Americans
believe CNN is not biased and has no
political leanings so 12 percent of
people said CNN is not politically
biased and I thought to myself who the
hell are these 12 percent what where do
you find 12 percent of the public who
believes that CNN is not biased how the
hell is there anybody who has that
opinion that's the only comment and that
was that it was funny if you're
following the news from Israel you know
that they had a big election and the
news as far as I understand that they
may still be counting some votes but I
understand their Prime Minister
Netanyahu has won enough support to
remain Prime Minister what they haven't
reported is that apparently Hillary won
the popular vote
that's just my joke all right do what
you will with that that's my joke in the
day I also wondered if Russia
interfered you know President Trump is
being accused of interfering in Israel's
election because he he made some
agreements about recognizing the Golan
Heights just about you know ahead of the
election which would be good for
Netanyahu so people say hey president
Trump you interfered in Israel's
election and yeah I think you could make
a case of that but I wondered wouldn't
Russia want to interfere with that
election and if not why not
wouldn't wouldn't Russia have an
enormous interest in what happens in
Israel now I don't know if Russia would
prefer NAND Yahoo or prefer the other
one I don't know but it seems like they
would have interfered I mean why
wouldn't they wouldn't they what would
stop them they have that they have an
interest they have the ability I think
they would so I wonder if I'll ever hear
anything about that let's say I wanted
to talk to you about my my hoax funnel
so I call this the hoax funnel and I use
it for the fine people hoax which is
popping up even again today and I've
been commenting to people so when I come
in to people that their belief that
Trump every called the racists in
Charlottesville find people I always
take them on a journey that is weirdly
predictable if you say to somebody oh
you read you you fell for a you fell for
a hoax here's the transcript and you can
see in clear words that Trump says I'm
not talking about the neo-nazis and
white supremacists
they should be totally condemned so you
show them that you can see that their
belief that he had not said those exact
words is falsified they can play the
video they can look at the transcripts
and they'll be completely convinced that
their prior
believe that the president called the
racists fine people was false but do
they then say my god I've been fooled by
the media I changed my opinion you are
thank you so much thank you for
correcting me they never say that almost
a hundred percent of them say the same
thing and if you've been watching we
trying to straight people out straighten
people out on Twitter you know they say
the same thing they say but those people
were marching with the neo-nazi so
nobody marches with the neo-nazis unless
they're you know racist and then I say
there's no evidence of anybody marching
with the racists you've just
hallucinatin a second thing so then I
say no they were simply in the same zip
code for entirely different reasons and
here's an article from the New York
Times where they interviewed one of the
people who cared about the historical
monuments did not March with the races
and do not like races in fact what are
their group one of the people in the
group was black so are you believing
that there was a black guy marching with
the tiki torch neo-nazis is that what
you think and then I show another
article where there's a greater
discussion of that group so they
apparently go wherever they're
historical monuments and free speech
issues and that's their deal they don't
really care about the topic so much
that's the free speech so once I've
demonstrated that there were in fact
people who were not the racist not
marching with them and were there for
constitutional support reasons what do
people say did they say oh my god I've
been hoaxed twice once when I believed
that he called the marchers fine people
and once when I believed that there was
no one else there who could have been
described as a fine people do they say
that now
never what they say is but Scott nobody
goes to an event that was advertised as
a white supremacist neo Nazi event
unless they're a little bit neo-nazi etc
and of course there's there's no support
for that and the people who did go give
their reasons they go to other things
for the same reasons it's very clear
that that's that's not a parent but
usually they say they'll end up on
something like when I've taken them down
the hoax fun
so the funnel is at the top they say I
called races find people and then no no
well okay they he didn't mean the races
but he meant the people marching with
them okay they weren't marching with
them but there they must be racist
because well okay they were just there
her free speech and historical
supportive monuments you know it's like
so it's like being against Isis right
nobody likes the monuments to be taken
down although I'm gonna post a month to
the Confederate statues personally
that's just me now once you take them
down they will usually get to the point
where they just say okay anybody was in
favor of racist Confederate monuments in
their view must be not a good person to
which I say thank you for admitting that
you got you got conned by this hoax
because you started out saying that the
that the president talked about the
marching people and you ended up with
just an opinion about statues so that's
the hoax funnel I always take him down
and I did something funny when I was
correcting somebody's hopes today I
forget his name some blue cheque guy and
I told him his argument ahead of time
and I left a tweet thread you can see
that it's at the top of my Twitter which
I tell him what he's gonna say next and
then I tell him the response and then I
tell him what he's gonna say next on the
response to that it's kind of funny you
should see him alright let's talk about
Trump and all of his firings of his
advisers and cabinet people
now the news as reported that Trump is
his usual impulsive chaos doesn't know
what he's doing he's firing everybody
it's a it's a massive layoff blah blah
blah to which I say have I ever taught
you my trick of never wasting a bad day
I've taught you that right so those of
you have been following me for a while
you know I've talked about this if you
have a really bad day and there's
nothing you can do about it there's
something that's gonna happen that day
or let's say you have to let's say you
have to fire somebody if you have to
fire somebody it's usually a bad day for
you too because it's that's not fun
right nobody likes to fire people it's a
bad day for you too and there's nothing
you can do about it because you've
decided you're going to do it what's the
best thing you can do that day fire
everybody who needs to get fired not
everybody who exists but you should do
them all at the same time because your
day is gonna suck if your day is gonna
suck anyway get it all out do all of the
unpleasant stuff right away just get it
done because you know the president
would've got picked to death for every
person he fired I just did it all at
once just fire a bunch of people make
some big changes just get it all done
and then the media gets sort of lost in
the details it's like well there was
this guy and this this woman and this
person and that person and then it just
becomes this weird detail story that
nobody cares about so I think that you
cannot distinguish from the outside what
is chaos and randomness in the White
House from what is the most rational
strategy that I've ever used which is I
bunch up you know I batch up all of my
bad activities and do them at the same
time so I don't have the bad a month
I'll just put it in a week put it in a
week and I'm done all right
I think those are the main things I've
got to say anybody have any questions
somebody was funny they said I think
it's clear that it's the beginning of
the end for a drum oh I'll take that as
a joke and not reality how does a
passive fail system work so that's a
question about generation four how can
you have a situation in which everything
could go wrong and you would not have a
meltdown I'll give it to you in a in a
high-level explanation and I'll let
March nighter correct me if I get the
the high-level exclamation wrong my
understanding is that the old nuclear
technology you had to keep water under
pressure so that you had pressurized
things and if you lost power you would
lose your pressurized containment and
then bad things could happen such as
meltdowns so losing power
would lose your ability to contain the
reaction with the old sites the new
generation four is built in the reverse
meaning that the only way you can have a
reaction is if the power is continually
applied and everything is going right
the moment that anything changes from
that situation you lose power or
something else goes wrong let's say a
human human action then you've lost the
perfect condition to create the reaction
so the reaction just stops or slows down
in a way that's easy to control because
you stopped making it powerful the old
ones are the opposite it with the the
reaction was going to be happening and
the best you could do is put your
technology on it to control it so if any
of those controls went bad you get a
disaster with the new ones it doesn't
matter what goes wrong if anything goes
wrong it just can't
be a nuclear thing anymore it just stops
being a reaction at the moment it it
doesn't work perfectly so now I can't
tell you that
some expert on nuclear as I think you
could tell by that bad
explanation but that's that's the
general idea will I run in 2024
I would never expose myself to that
ridiculous edge and I think you would
agree that I'm more useful doing what
I'm doing
can you talk about Obama's speech making
skills yeah so I think a lot of you saw
the clip of Obama talking about the
circular firing squad
did you see that I I have to do an
impression first I'm gonna do an
impression of President Trump on a rally
talking to a crowd and president Trump
makes a joke and here's the here's
President Trump enjoying the joke the
crowd ahahaha laughter people are dying
they're screaming they're chanting
they're laughing at president Trump's
humor and then I watch this clip of
Obama and I'd forgotten how boring is
now you you lose track of how boring he
is and he's giving his speech and he's
walking around on stage and he tries to
make this joke about the circular firing
squad he's like it's like a it's like I
called it up circular firing squad and
there's no reaction like he tells his
joke and nobody's laughing is it you
would because you know they like form a
circle and then it's like they're
shooting at each other
silence
[Laughter]
you you don't really know I mean you
don't remember Obama as being that
boring until you've had you know such a
dose of President Trump that the
contrast is more obvious
honestly I used to enjoy listening to
Obama talk I thought wow that guy's
pretty good at this thing he's he's good
at this I could see why he got elected
president he's got some skills but then
you see him in contrast you go oh I may
have overrated his orator his oration
abilities all right I think we've got
enough for now oh where is the slaughter
meter so I've since I revised my
thoughts about the healthcare strategy I
can still dislike the fact that there is
no plan while evaluating the election
from a political standpoint from a
political standpoint I'm gonna put the
slaughter meter back at 100% 100% if
nothing changed and everything just sort
of went the way it's going which won't
happen by the way the slaughter meter is
not a prediction of the endpoint
it's a prediction that if nothing
changed that's where you'd end up
something always changes right so it's a
slaughter meter and right now it's at a
hundred percent if nothing changed the
the president would have probably an
epic electoral outcome all right so
that's where we are 100% on the
slaughter meter I had it as 50% but
ivory reevaluated and one other thing I
want to talk about but I'll save that
for tomorrow and I will talk to you
later