boom-boom-boom-boom
you know I think I look the wiser when I
wear a sweater I think I've reached that
age where if you don't wear a sweater
you don't look serious so this is my
serious sweater we'll be talking about
serious stuff but not until we enjoy the
simultaneous sip yes you're here because
you like having coffee with Scott Adams
that's me and so I invite you now to
fill your mug you're a cup your glass
your Stein your tankard your chalice if
you will fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee
and join me for the simultaneous that oh
that's good stuff
yes this is my mr. Rogers sweater this
would not be the first time I have been
compared to mr. Rogers let us talk about
some funny things in the news so you may
have noticed that the news was giving a
little bit slow because everybody's on
on the vacation but every now and then
it gives us a little gem and today was a
gem so you might know that famous
comedian louis c.k got in trouble not
too long ago for some me to stuff so
apparently he was asking first which he
says is important but apparently is not
as important as he wanted it to be he
would ask first before exposing himself
to various people he worked with so he
got me to for that and then it turns out
that there was a tape of him a few years
ago joking around and it's sort of
important that you know that one of the
people he was with was Chris Rock who is
obviously a friend and that in that
context in joke around he used the
n-word so now he's got he's got a me too
and he's on tape using the n-word
now the n-word one of course was a
private conversation with people who
didn't care but once you're on tape
you're on tape and you're in trouble and
then today in the news yeah it turns he
it turns out that louis c.k has hit the
trifecta
[Laughter]
you see he's also on tape Louie CK is
for mocking the survivors of parkland oh
so now he's got the trifecta he's been
in the past you know one year Louis
Louie CK has been me too
I got caught on tape on tape using the
n-word and then caught on tape mocking
the survivors of Parkland after I saw
that he hit the the third the third item
on the trifecta I just decided to buy
something he's made like I don't know
why yeah no good if he's got a book I'll
buy his book or we're all watching what
a special or something but but yeah so
here's the thing if you do one terrible
thing well you're that person who did
that terrible thing if you do two
terrible things Wow you're twice as bad
you're the person who didn't do just one
terrible thing you did two terrible
things but by the time you hit that
third terrible thing I start rooting for
you again
he's gone he's gone so far so far into
the bad behavior that I started liking
him again anyway I I don't know if
you'll ever see anybody else gets caught
with with these three horrible behaviors
all in the same year so the thing about
comedians that make the the thing that
makes comedians funny is their flaws you
would agree with that right your
funniest comedians are the ones who are
most broken so the more broken they are
the more we enjoy it because they make
fun of their own you know their own
flaws and you know we're laughing with
them etc louis c.k is one broken guy
yeah not not just because of these
stories but I'm sure he's got some other
problems but I don't know he's he's so
broken I'm starting to like him again
anyway so that's enough about that uh as
you know I tweeted around some of the
the best arguments pro and con for
climate change and I'm getting lots of
interesting feedback from it I'll tell
you some of the least rational feedback
the least rational feedback and I'm
watching people debate the topic in my
Twitter stream is the people who say
well let me show you my link to a top
expert explaining climate science to you
you idiot you know if you would just
look at this one clip of a top expert
who really knows what they're doing with
real science and real data if you watch
this you will be convinced that climate
science is exactly what the scientists
tell you it is what's wrong with that
does that sound reasonable
on the surface it does write on the
surface you would say to yourself well
if you try to understand a topic you
would want to watch a well-made video of
somebody explaining it really clearly
who is an expert that's exactly what
you'd want right but it's a trick and
it's a trick that almost all of the
country has fallen for and the trick
goes like this watching one side of an
argument doesn't tell you anything
nothing it is exactly as good as nothing
if you hear the other side of the
argument and they can't respond to all
the points in the first argument well
then then you have something so you've
seen the point you've seen the
counterpoint and you've judged that the
the critic is not as strong as the
original argument well then you've got
an R then you've got an opinion that's
based on something rational but if you
say to yourself I don't want to listen
to these skeptics because everything I
need ISM is coming from the scientists
you're not part of the rational
discussion you can't be right and you
can't be wrong you have not participated
you didn't win the game and you didn't
lose the game you never played now I
understand the argument that says you
don't necessarily want to listen to
people who are you know you know you
don't want to treat seriously somebody
who thinks that chemtrails are real you
don't want to treat seriously somebody
who thinks that Q is you know deep state
insider with special knowledge there are
some things you don't want to even
bother treating as if they might be true
so I get that but climate science is
sort of a special case because if the
people who are who are the most
concerned about it are right the only
way that they can save themselves and
the entire planet is by convincing the
people who don't believe it
and that's different than any other kind
of argument every other argument is
important you know it's important
depending on the argument you know there
are lots of important arguments but
according to the climate let's call them
the alarmists my cats make a lot of
noise here but according to the people
who are most worried about the climate
it's a it's an extinction event you know
it's maybe not extinction but it could
be calamitous now in that case if you
have a calamitous situation you really
really need to convince the other side
so if the only thing you're doing is
showing your side and saying I'm done
I'm done you have destroyed the earth
although let me say that again if you
believe that climate science the the
majority climate science opinion is
correct that the earth is warming that
humans are causing it and that the rate
of increase is unprecedented because of
humans and that we're on a pace to
destroy the planet if you believe those
things and you only show your argument
without addressing the critics you're
part of the problem you are part of
destroying the earth because you have
not even entered the game if all you've
watched is one side of the argument and
you say I'm not even going to talk to
the other people that doesn't matter
you've missed the most important thing
you need to do to save the world which
is convince the other side how would you
ever convince the other side by not
engaging with their criticisms and how
are you helping if you think climate
science is real you have to address the
critics specific points you need to get
it on the internet so that everybody who
is a critic whenever they say bla bla
bla criticism there's somebody else will
say here's the specific argument against
your criticism here's the link
this shows the critic is wrong and why
now you might also need to include
and why the critic says your link is not
as good as it should be so it might be a
little a little back and forth there but
if you have not addressed the critics
you're not in the game and if you're not
in the game you do not care about
climate science so stop pretending you
care while doing exactly what you
wouldn't do if you cared all right if
you're acting in every way like climate
science isn't important don't expect us
to take it important as it's important
if if you yourself won't treat it as an
important topic and you believe it
don't expect the people who are still
questioning the science we're
questioning the models or whatever the
questioning don't expect them to believe
it because they have not been presented
with a capable argument and if you're
not willing to present a capable or even
do you believe it I make the same
argument about religion I said in one of
my books long ago that saying you
believe in God and saying you believe in
heaven should cause you to act a certain
way here on earth and if you're not
acting that a certain way do you really
believe in God if you believe in God and
an eternity in heaven or hell if you
really really like literally believe
those things are true shouldn't you be
acting like it because if you say you
believe them but you act exactly the
opposite which is you're selfish and
you're not helping the poor and you're
not you're not giving of your time
you're not you know giving away all your
extra money you're not inviting people
to live with you if you're not doing
those things you don't believe in the
afterlife because the afterlife is
forever it's forever you would take an
80 years sacrifice to improve forever
you know forever with God versus forever
in hell that's an easy choice if you
believe those things are real you would
act like
so the people who so I think there's a
there's a similarity here between
climate believers and what I would call
the the fake religious believers a fake
religious believers someone who goes
through the motions they call themselves
a believer they they read the book they
go to church whatever but if you look at
their life they don't live a life they
don't live a life that would suggest
they believe same with climate science
if you're telling me it's important and
it's the biggest thing in the world but
you won't do the most basic thing you
would do if you believed it to be true
which is convince the people who don't
believe and to do that you have to
address their specific criticisms
without that don't tell me you care
don't tell me you care about the planet
because you're acting like you don't all
right so the worst argument is go look
at this one video that shows one side of
the argument if you're saying that
you're not part of the you're not even
in the game you're not even playing so
get it in the game will you you might
need to save the world here by the way
let me tell you my my current thinking
on climate change so I've been you know
digging a little bit deeper into the
criticisms and and trying to understand
as much as a non-scientist can and I
would say that I'm totally on the fence
meaning that I wouldn't be surprised if
you know someday we we know the truth
certain about climate I wouldn't be
surprised if it went either way I
wouldn't be surprised if it's completely
true and weird a lot of trouble it
wouldn't surprise me a bit but it also
wouldn't surprise me if the data is
fudged and in a little warming is good
for the world that wouldn't surprise me
either
I can't tell so
if you look at me as you're you know in
some ways for this argument I'm kind of
a standard because I haven't taken a
side now I have taken the side that
long-term models are always useless but
that's not so much about climate science
that's a that's a statement about
complicated long-term prediction models
they're they're always bad but still
there might be a problem you know
independent of whether the models are
good or bad we might have a real problem
how would I know unless you show me both
sides and nobody's willing to do it all
right so don't act like you care about
the said that here's that's my new
mantra for you the next time you get in
an argument with somebody who really
cares about climate change ask them why
they won't engage them the only thing
you would do if you really believed it
which is convinced the other people
which is to address their argument if
you don't address it you're not in the
game you don't really care all right too
much about that the president has
tweeted today let me read the
president's tweet so you can see it in
all this magic and glory so he tweeted
about the border wall as he does on a
regular basis and here's what he said
this morning I believe so there was a
you have to know the background there
was a report that said that the
President had had long ago abandoned the
idea of an all concrete wall so that was
the reporting so he's responding to the
report that allegedly the White House
had long ago abandoned the idea of a
solid concrete wall the president says
and all concrete wall was in all
capitals never abandoned as has been
reported by the media some areas will be
all concrete but the experts here comes
the fun part but the experts have Border
Patrol prefer a wall that is see through
thereby making it possible to see what
is happening in both sides makes sense
to me so here you see the president
saying that the experts should decide
what the wall was made of and you know
and how you do border security and he's
saying makes sense to me in other words
the president is saying let the experts
decide what is concrete what is not
concrete they hadn't designed it out
enough now I had said I've been telling
you for days now that the first
politician who says politicians should
not decide let the engineers decide is
the winner is President Trump the winner
almost but not he just missed it's a
swing and a miss all right and here's
why the experts in this case are the
experts who work the border the Border
Patrol people themselves the people who
work border patrol are not engineers
they're the people who present the specs
so they're part of putting together the
specifications that you hand to the
engineer so the specifications in this
case as described by the president is
obviously preventing people from coming
in that's the first specification so I
should do the best job of Canada at
discouraging people from trying to get
over it but also it should be
see-through and then obviously there's a
requirement for you want the best price
and something that's practical and you
know survives the weather and all that
stuff
so the experts are not the engineers the
experts are the ones who tell you what
specifications they want should be
see-through should stop people should be
a certain cost those are the
specifications he needs to take it one
level further or somebody does the first
politician who says this wins now
there's no point in winning yet
because you can't win yet until Nancy
Pelosi is sworn in until Nancy Pelosi
can engineer I'm sorry until she can
negotiate from a position of you know
power she's not going to negotiate so
there's nothing there's nothing to win
until the government changes and then
they can negotiate but once that happens
the first politician who says
politicians should not be deciding let
the engineers decide they win now many
of you are asking me isn't he really
talking about the engineers because he's
talking about experts experts could
include engineers but it's still not
specific enough because and here's the
problem
everyone thinks there is everyone thinks
they're an expert the problem was saying
let the experts decide is that we all
think we're experts don't you don't you
think you could go down to that that
border and look at it and say yep
I'll put a little wall here you know
this part over here probably some drones
you know we can leave this part to last
we all think we're experts so saying
that you'll give it to the expert it's a
movement it's a movement in the right
direction but it's not persuasive yet
however if you said politicians should
not make these decisions let's let the
engineers do it how many of you think
your engineers we all kind of think
we're experts but we don't all think
we're engineers it's more persuasive and
as soon as you say let the people whose
job it is do the job you're in strong
territory now what's the strongest
argument that the anti-trump errs make
all the time about the president the
strongest argument they make about him
about let's say climate change is that
he's not listening to the people who
know climate change so the biggest
problem that they have with the
president and climate change is that
he's not listening to the
spirts the scientists it would be
impossible for other the anti choppers
to argue that we should not listen to
the engineers because they've painted
themselves in that corner were there
that they are the party who listens to
the experts that's their brand so all
Ultron has to do President Trump by the
way I always like saying president Trump
I don't like seeing Trump unless it's
you know unless I've already said
president Trump in a body of writing or
something as respect to the office if
not the person and somebody's gonna say
engineers and then it's over all right
Gordon Chang was on I think he was with
talking to Maria Bartiromo and he said
that reports are that China
the rate of growth may have slowed down
to 2% or less and possibly that our
economy is contracting think about that
China's economy is now below the
politically stable level it's below
politically stable that's my own take on
it I'm the one who's saying politically
stable but if they don't have a certain
level of growth which they are clearly
below right now their system doesn't
stay together they need a certain level
of growth just to keep society cohesive
and they're below it now let me ask you
this question if you're working for a
big company let's say you're working for
a fortune 500 company and your employee
comes into you and the employee says hey
CEO you're the CEO I just promoted you
and your employee comes in and says I
changed suppliers for some stuff that we
normally need and we used to use this
supplier but I've changed to a new
supplier and I've got a better deal what
happens to that employee are they fired
for changing suppliers
or are they promoted for making a change
that's advantageous because they got a
better deal promoted now let me give you
the same situation you're you're the CEO
of a fortune 500 company and your
employee comes in and says hey boss I
hate to tell you this but I just
personally lost our biggest customer the
one that makes everything work I lost
our biggest customer what happens to
that employee fired right now when the
United States who is a gigantic customer
of China more customer than supplier has
a trade war with China which way is it
going to go there's only one way it can
go as long as President Trump holds
tight and as long as the as long as you
and I who are the CEOs in this case so
in in my analogy which is of course a
crude analogy you and I are the CEOs and
president Trump is our employee if he
changes suppliers meaning that the
United States starts buying our stuff
from you know let's say Vietnam are you
gonna fire him probably not but if you
are if you're the citizens of China and
President Xi says um we just lost our
biggest customer the United States so
from now on we're our economy is going
to be contracting and there's no end in
sight even though he's the what is the
president for life or whatever his new
title is does he get to keep his job if
you lose your biggest customer no matter
how is secure your job is do you get to
keep it you don't even get to keep that
job in China
so there is no way we lose this as long
as we stay with it
we are on an unusable path while China
is on an unwinnable path should they not
negotiate with us but as as that
situation would suggest both sides are
negotiating and probably heading toward
something that will be better we'll see
Gordon Chang also notes that North
Korea's Kim continues to work on their
weapons Albia not testing them publicly
but continuing to refine stuff and get
make their weapons better I think he
describes that as somewhat you know
humiliating for the president and you
know and sort of more of the usual and
he might be right the way I look at it
is that we've already gotten past the
point where they might nuke us so the
value of their nukes went from high to
negative so right so remember a year ago
North Korea's nuclear weapons were a
plus for North Korea their nuclear
weapons were nothing but an asset an
advantage it gave them it gave them some
power that they wouldn't have had
without today unless let's call it 2019
because we're almost there in 2019 our
North Korea's nuclear weapons and asset
or a liability well they're sort of in
transition but I would say that they're
already far more a liability than an
advantage because as North and South
Korea give friendlier and they you know
they gradually open up their their
borders and as they become friends as as
Kim and president Trump give friendlier
as they have more summits etc the value
of North Korea's nuclear weapons goes
from extremely valuable like the
difference between surviving and now
surviving to already a mixed
bang - every day that goes by they
become worthless because who are they
gonna nuke what why would they nuke the
United States we're working with them
and the only thing those nukes are doing
is preventing them from having a robust
trade that's it that's all they do they
just prevent us from having good trade
with North Korea
so those nukes are no longer a strategic
advantage they're in enormous strategic
disadvantage and it just takes a little
while for that to sink in
so North Korea like China has only one
path all we have to do is continue to
keep some trade restrictions on and wait
because time is on our side their asset
is becoming less and less valuable every
day but our situation is unchanged our
economy is fine you know for the most
part our military is strong we don't
have any pressing reason to hurry up so
the longer North Korea waits for a deal
the less valuable will be their main of
their main bargaining chip does it
really matter if they've you know
developed it a little more if they have
a little bit more you know refined
nuclear or whatever probably not all
right I'm seeing people argue about the
wall and there's one opinion that you
see a lot on CNN and from the anti-trump
pers that is so dumb that my head just
goes bubble a little every time I hear
it now I'm gonna make a distinction
between things which are just a
different opinion things which people
have different priorities different
philosophies so there are lots of people
there are lots of reasons that people
can disagree with me maybe they have
different information maybe
are better informed so there are tons
there are tons of legitimate reasons to
disagree with me
and I don't call those people dumb just
for disagreeing but there are some just
really specific things that are nothing
but dumb and here it here it is
walls don't work walls don't work it's
not an opinion walls don't work is not
because somebody has better or different
information than you do there's nothing
like that happening here walls don't
work is just dumb and here's why
anything that causes friction for humans
reduces reduces the you know how much
you do it
adding taxes to cigarettes causes some
people to quit cigarettes not all of
them building a wall keeps some people
out not all of them it was our goal to
keep every single person under all
conditions period no that was never the
objective the objective is to reduce the
attractiveness of people coming here
illegally to make it harder to add
friction does a wall and friction yes
yes
not everybody can climb over a wall not
everybody will take the extra time and
the chance and they that you know nobody
would not everybody will have the
equipment it might take a while to get
over a wall you know if a caravan came
up to a wall and decided to breach the
wall well they could do it right because
it's a caravan they have lots of
resources so they could get there the
ropes the ladders but it would take a
long time in best case scenario it would
still take a while for a whole Caravan
to get over a wall and what would we do
in the meantime we'd have you know
people there and we would just stop it
so the wall is not supposed to stop
every drug in fact it won't stop any
drugs
because you can just you know hand them
through the fence so those are those of
you on the pro wall side if you're
arguing that walls will stop drugs maybe
you should stop arguing that because
you're you're hurting your own
credibility there's I don't see any
scenario where a wall is gonna make much
difference to drugs because you can
literally just throw them over the top
you know you just have to have somebody
on the other side and how hard is that
you know and drones will be flying over
etc but if you're talking about people
if you're talking about people walls are
pretty good even if you had a tunnel
let's say let's say the the Coyotes dig
a tunnel under your wall even the bad
guys are gonna let everybody in the
tunnel if somebody tunnels under you all
and that tunnel works well for let's say
delivering drugs are they also going to
use it to deliver people probably not
because drugs are way more profitable
and you don't want to have a lot of
witnesses who know where your tunnel is
so even though somebody can build a
tunnel the people who built the tunnels
are gonna want as few people as possible
using them because it's the criminals
who built the tunnels they want to
control it so they're either going to
charge you an enormous amount to use
their tunnel or they're just gonna use
it for drugs and they don't want any
other witnesses who have seen their
tunnel so I think that would be less
worried about tunnels than just the fact
that ome buddy can build a tone it's
hard to build a tunnel and if you do
build one that you're going to protect
it and you're gonna make sure not many
people use it because otherwise you have
witnesses now if you have a tunnel and
you also have drones you're probably
going to catch people coming in and out
of the tunnel openings too so you've got
some control there
so I think you need drones in walls but
when people say walls don't work the
answer should not be yes they do
that's bad persuasion so let me give you
an example I'll bring them Dale Dale the
anti-trump er says Scott oh I use
sarcasm instead of thinking so let me
explain to you about walls walls they
don't work
you just get a ladder all you need this
is a ladder have you heard of tunnels
Scott have you ever heard the word
tunnel - um al ll I don't know how many
else are in tunnel but have you heard of
tunnels how about ladders how it ropes
how about how about climbing scott have
you ever heard of climbing and seen if
your response to Dale is walls work
you're not doing a good job because Dale
will just say hole will they work
here's a picture of somebody crawling
over a wall look here
proof proofs that walls don't work
here's a person climbing over a wall
here's a picture of a fence Scott here's
a picture of the fence here's a picture
of the ladder one plus one equals two
ladder wall defeats it so do not say
walls work say instead that whenever you
add friction people change behavior can
you argue with that if you raise taxes
people change behavior if you threaten
people with a penalty people change
behavior not all of them we're not
building a fence to stop every drug
because it doesn't really work for that
and we're not building a fence to stop
every person you're making it harder
friction always changes behavior say
that and you've won the debate
and I would like to invite people to use
my app the interface by one hub app if
you are a climate scientists and you're
willing to be on one of these periscopes
and you can defend specifically against
the critics attacks and specifically
against the critics attacks that the
temperature data has been manipulated in
the past so if you can address that
specifically and some other the critics
complaints I would like to talk to you
and you can you can advertise your
availability of the interface by wind
hub app it's free just sign up you can
even put a price on it for your time and
I will call you and pay that price if
you're a real expert and it will learn
something about it so I would also like
an expert on the Middle East so if you
really know what's happening over there
you know you can describe what's
happening from from Yemen to Saudi
Arabia to you know Hezbollah if you're
conversant with all those things I would
love to have you on the app as an expert
and here's the thing I'm I'm trying to
establish that my startups app interface
by one hub should be a source for
experts whenever there's a news story
that requires those sources so for
example if there's a let's say a plane
goes down and the news always wants an
aviation experts and they usually want a
VA tion experts who are experts on that
exact model of aircraft so wouldn't it
be great if you see a news story you
happen to be one of those experts you
just sign up on the interface by one hub
app and then anybody in the media knows
that they can pay you for your time or
you can set it to zero so if you want to
do it for free that's that's fine and
you could set any price and say anybody
in the world NBC ABC CNN if you want to
talk to me dial be up on the app if you
want to put me on you know on TV so I'm
not on the
app will negotiate that you're an expert
radiologist all right
Trump what about Trump lying about oh
yeah let's talk about that
so the story is that Trump president
Trump told the some members of the
military that he was getting them big
raises when in fact that is not true
they're getting raises but not ten
percent or whatever he said and I think
there was one other thing related to
that but there were I think there were
two statements that the fact checkers
say are not true no this is different
from normal fact-checking problems
because of what his job is you know the
head of the military and he was talking
to the military so we we put a different
level of appropriateness and how the
military is treated and probably should
so people are saying is that acceptable
well here's the thing
how you feel about that depends on mind
reading somebody says it was a blatant
lie with capital letters L ie blatant
lie
how do you know that how do you know
what the president was thinking when he
said it because that's what matters
right yes if he was just mistaken if he
had heard this number 10 percent but it
was a multi-year number it wasn't the
one-year number and he just got he just
conflated him maybe he hadn't even
thought about talking about that topic
until he was live on stage and he just
thought I think that sounds right and he
just threw it out would you feel the
same as if he said to himself yeah
they'll never know the difference I'll
just tell them they get a degrees well
that would be stupid and evil and bad
but you would have to assume that you
know what he's thinking in order to have
an opinion on this if you're thinking he
got his facts wrong I would say now
that's too bad you know it would have
been
or if he hadn't got his facts wrong and
it probably is worse because he was
talking to the military so I wouldn't
give him a pass you know I wouldn't give
him a free pass for giving some facts
wrong in front of the military on an on
an issue that the military cares about
so I'm not going to say that's good I'm
not going to defend that but you have to
decide did he say to himself I think
I'll lie about this and see what happens
or did he say to himself I think I got
this right where it's close enough I'll
just go with this it's close enough they
feel very different and by the way have
you seen anybody in the media say it the
way I just said it have you seen anybody
treat it as as though the important part
is what is internal thought process was
that's the distinction that makes you
decide if you hate it or like it or how
you feel about it all right
boom-boom-boom
so what he said that on Fox News at
least he admitted it and corrected
himself right actually I don't know has
he corrected himself
that's the sort of story that I frankly
don't care about too much because I
agree with the people who say that was a
mistake and that we wish it hadn't
happened but is it important one of the
biggest differences between I would say
Democrats and Republicans is the
difference in what's important people on
the Left would say that how you talk
about people you know the words you use
the whether or not you've offended them
is important people on the right would
say yeah I get that offending people is
not ideal but it's also not terribly
important now things are never black and
white and so it depends on the situation
there are plenty of times
when using an offensive word is
important
it does matter who you're insulting and
why but generally there's a generally
there's a difference in importance I was
I'm trying to think if there's some
general overarching difference between
people on the left and the right and of
course there are millions of differences
but when I'm looking for the one that
sort of describes it best it comes down
to this and see if this rings true to
you the left cares about fairness
so fairness fairness and race gender
hell comes just fairness the right puts
a higher priority on process and more
process and a system and the process of
the system is based around always
incentive so the the ultimate boiling
down of left versus right
is that the right cares about creating
systems that recognize human you know
human flaws in other words they build
incentives into their system for people
to do the right thing on on the Left
people want fairness but the problem is
fairness is a completely subjective
standard so the left has as a guiding
principle fairness that cannot work in
other words their philosophy is sort of
dead on arrival because if you follow a
fairness to its logical extreme which is
where it where it has to head because if
fairness is your goal you don't stop
until you have it and you can never have
it because we'll all disagree what is
fair is it fair that I'm rich but I'm
also short well that's not fair should
if I if you and I are deciding who has
the better outcome do we measure how
much
money I have or how happy you are what
if you're happier than me but I have
more money than you do I owe you money
or should you work harder and give up
some of your happiness to help me get
happy fairness is a completely unusable
standard but on the right they're sort
of incentive based systems right we've
got a constitution that's the system
we've got a democracy or a republic
that's a system so if you've got a
system and you've built the right
incentives into it you've got something
that's gonna work out and you can't
really get fairness per se fairness is
sort of out of reach the best you can do
is incense people for the right kind of
behavior that that lifts the average
person so it feels like that's the main
difference between the left and the
right is that there's fairness is the
standard completely unworkable on the
left even though we all recognize that
it feels like a good thing to have as a
stand as a system it completely fails
because we all disagree about what it
means but a good system works I would
say the Constitution even if you don't
like some parts of it you'd have to
admit it's a good system it's lasted for
hundreds of years and it's made the
United States thieves strongest among
other things the strongest nation in the
world so that's a good system all right
that's all I got to say for today and I
am going to talk to you later