buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey chirp star first
day on periscope I see glad to have you
with us this is the place where we
gather once a day at the same time for
that amazing celebration the thing that
makes well everything better you know it
does it's called the simultaneous hip
and you don't need much to participate
now the requirements very low all you
need is a cup or a mug or glass a tanker
chalice or Stein in the canteen Joker
flask a vessel of any kind filling with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine's into the day the
thing makes everything better the
simultaneous sip go oh now aren't you
glad you hurried to get your beverage
get in here on time and enjoy it in the
most simultaneous way possible yeah I
think you can feel your white blood cell
count increasing I think you all look a
little bit younger I can tell you're
happier more productive smarter for sure
and all of that all of that because of
the simultaneous up yeah you'd like to
take some credit yourself uh-huh but I
don't think that's appropriate I think
it was the SIP that did it all all right
I yes somebody is reminding me in the
comments here so Bloomberg did a post
which he wrote in Russian so it was just
a Russian tweet this that if you hit the
translate button and Twitter and said
feel burn as in birdies slogans so so of
course it makes you think about why
would he write it in Russian and that's
because the headlines are that Russia
may be helping Bernie as much as they're
helping Trump or they're helping one of
them or something
and so Bloomberg
at least has not been accused of being
helped by Russia yet so that was pretty
funny tweet so I'm hearing I haven't
seen Benny Bloomberg commercials I guess
I don't I know we can soup anything that
has commercials on it but I hear they're
good so people are saying that the
quality of his his ads were quite good
so here's a prediction for you you know
Mark Twain famously said that we humans
can't tell the difference between good
news and bad news and here's one of
those examples so here's something that
is widely considered bad news but I
think historians are gonna look at it
and say you know that was actually
really good news it didn't seem like it
at the time but it was good to us and
here it is true or false I think this is
true that President Trump has
obliterated the credibility of the press
with you know fake news etc true he's
obliterated the credibility of the press
he's obliterated the credibility of her
own intelligence services true all right
now you could argue that the press did
it to themselves you could say the
intelligence agencies brought it up on
themselves but it really sort of took
Trump to to bring it home didn't it then
of course the credibility of Congress
running you know pushing the fake the
fake Mullah report the fake impeachment
so I think historians are gonna say that
although all three of those entities you
know may have already had some
credibility problems didn't most people
let's say most citizens didn't most
citizens think that most of the time
anyway they're worse yeah you could
start a trust them you know sure some
some politicians are crooked and
sometimes they do a little self dealing
but you thought you know basically
they're just doing their job but you
probably don't think that anymore
after watching the impeachment saga you
probably think well they don't even look
like they're trying to do their job if
that doesn't even look like a good
attempt it doesn't even look it's not
even in the approximate universe of
honestly trying to do your job how about
the press does anybody honestly think
that the press is independent and
reporting the facts as they see them
well I used to think so you know during
the Obama administration I would say Oh
Fox News is a little a little out there
on the at least with the opinion people
and you know but that didn't seem
anything like what we're seeing now what
we're saying now feels like a whole
different level of lack of credibility
of the press and then of course our
intelligence services we've never seen
lower credibility you know of course the
whole weapons of mass destruction thing
was a big blow to the credibility of our
government and and intelligence services
but I think at least this is my own
opinion it was still sort of easy to put
that off as a one-time situation you
know sure it was a gigantic miss you
know thinking that there were weapons of
mass destruction caused a war untold you
know consequences ripple effect horrible
horrible stuff but I have to admit it
kind of felt like just a one-off mistake
but now that we've watched something
that looks like a continuous March of
incompetence
I think they've lost pretty much all
credibility now of course we're watching
this play out in in what only looks like
it looks like a joke the fact that the
New York Times reports that our
intelligence services believe that that
the Russians were trying to help Trump
and a month ago they
apparently The Washington Post reports
that Bernie Sanders campaign was told by
the intelligence services that that the
Russians were trying to help him now
here's something interesting
the New York Times and The Washington
Post aren't they usually on the same
side right feel you feel like they would
be pushing both stories that would be
anti Trump but one of them is pushing
sort of an anti Bernie story as the Jeff
Bezos owned Washington Post now let me
ask you this would Jeff Bezos be happy
to have a president Bernie well if I had
the biggest corporation in the world and
I wasn't paying my share of taxes
according to birdie I would be pushing
pretty hard to not have a president
birdie even if I were a Democrat and
even if I hated President Trump I still
wouldn't want my son wouldn't want a
president Bernie if I'm the biggest
capitalist on the planet that's right
Jeff Bezos is the biggest capitalist on
the planet maybe so
is it a coincidence that the Washington
Post goes after Bernie or at least you
know creates a story that associates him
with Russia
oh no good B could be a coincidence but
you can't trust the coincidences of that
nature anymore
as somebody said on Twitter and I wish I
wrote it down because I didn't know I
was going to talk about it when I first
thought but somebody said is it a
coincidence that Russia is always
helping the candidate that is the most
you know the biggest problem to the
Democratic lead what what a coincidence
Bernie is shaking up the established
power structure of the Democrats well he
must be a Russian
it Trump tries to get power well you
must be a Russian puppet is that a
coincidence what could be it could be a
coincidence but it's another one of
those that you can't really trust to be
a coincidence all right
I love the way Trump summed it up in a
tweet so eat we do this the reason for
this is that the dude nothing Democrats
using disinformation hoax number seven
now where did he get the idea to number
the hoaxes well I don't know one
specific person but it's a social media
thing right on Twitter are you not
seeing people number of the hoaxes now I
know I did it a long time ago and I've
seen other people do it but this is in
the category of you know if you write
humor for a living you sort of recognize
a category that you know other people
had the same idea
independently so you really can't tell
who's the first person to number the
hoaxes because it's a little bit too
obvious that it would be a you know a
good thing to do to make a point so I
love that the president is numbered at
number seven and it makes you say well
seven what were the other six okay let's
see there's the other Ukraine thing
there's the Muller thing are there
really that many other ones where there
are four others that I'm not remembering
and it's kind of brilliant because it
makes you count them up and you might
even argue it's like it's not seven at
most it's three hoaxes but you're still
thinking in the way you want you to
think that that it's a hoax after hoax
all right so the rest of this tweet is
that using disinformation hoax number
seven don't want Bernie Sanders to get
the Democrat nomination so in other
words he's supporting Bernie in this
this tweet on the in the field of
entertainment
what could entertain you more than
president Trump the greatest I'd say
funniest political praying
stur if you could call it that who
really knows how to combine have you
combined a work and pleasure like nobody
ever else ever did I mean he can golf
and work he can tell jokes and campaign
he combines pleasure and work all the
time and he's doing it again because
there could be nothing funnier than
Trump destroying the Democrat Party by
supporting their preferred candidate
that's what he's doing
for you know when I say their preferred
candidate I mean the one who has the
most votes so far it's still a plurality
not a majority but he does have the most
votes so isn't this a noble thing that
President Trump is doing supporting
Bernie Sanders against the evil evil
fake news that's trying to take him down
now of course the whole player is that
the Sanders would destroy the entire
Democrat Party if he gets the nomination
and they know it they know it and they
know what he's doing because you know
the funny part about it is that it's
obvious it wouldn't be nearly as funny
if it wasn't a hundred percent obvious
to Democrats and Republicans that the
president is just boosting Bernie to
absolutely destroy the Democrat Party so
here and and Newt Gingrich who kind of
yeah Newt Gingrich comes out to bayonet
the survivors and and he the Fox News I
said money yesterday talking about how
the real problem is that with Bernie as
the candidate they're gonna lose the
house so so Newt is coming on to make
you think past the sale it's like oh
yeah you're definitely going to lose the
presidency there's not much else to say
about that so let's let's just take that
as a given so you've already given up on
the presidency so now we're just talking
about how badly you're gonna lose the
house and if you lose the house you've
lost everything
so new is just coming on yeah I just I
just loved yeah he's usually the
smartest guy in the game you put new in
the room with most people and the
smartest one in the room is going to be
new so you know he's somebody's 6 years
old I just I just read his age and in
the article and you know he said is that
that point is career there presumably
he's just enjoying the ride you know
he's done all the hard parts he's just
sort of enjoying that enjoying the ride
at this point and he comes in on Fox
News he's just Bay and having the the
survivors it's like well yep looks like
Trump won the battle but there's still a
few survivors let's see let's see it
there's anybody over in the house that
needs to be bayonet in it dad but both
the in heading so anyway this whole
thing is the funniest now I started this
by saying that the intelligence services
have the lowest credibility so if it's
true that our press and our intelligence
services have just served up that the
Russians are promoting both Bernie and
Trump and and they're trying to keep
both stories in the air at the same time
just so good it's just so delicious this
could not be a better reality TV show
I'm sorry I mean this could not be
better politics it's now politics it's
it's some new hybrid that Trump has
invented that is part entertainment part
government and I don't know I don't
think I'm too much being I don't think
this is a stretch to say that he's
nailing both of them right is it just me
I don't think it's just me it looks like
he's nailing both of them alright here's
the other hilarious thing that that
Trump has done again look for ways that
he combines humor with just getting
stuff done he's
literally a genius at doing this exact
thing humor and work in the same package
so there's nothing funnier than the fact
that we all know he's prepping to pardon
or do something for Roger stone right we
all know that's coming he signaled it
he's made it as clear as possible that
he thinks Roger stone has been treated
unfairly and even with the new lowered
sentence everybody sort of expects the
President to part of them so that's the
first thing that's great
because this president knows how to keep
the suspense going like this is one of
those shows where you know you know
something's coming you know that the
script has it coming it's coming it's
going to happen in act 3 oh no so you
know that's coming and this is how Trump
preps us for it by but by is a commuting
or pardoning blog blog a blog a like a
blogger Jovic logo logo Javitch or a
beautiful pages I think the pertinent
the proper pronunciation is Bob if they
put it I think I think I nailed that but
you know I'm talking about and so this
guy blog out let's call him blog go goes
on CNN and and the Enderson Cooper just
tears into him for being the worst
person in the world and a lying
hypocrite criminal oh my god it was just
a bloodbath
so Trump and in my my title to this
parata's periscope I called blogger the
poor man's Roger stone you see where I'm
going with this right in your mind
haven't you already paired blog of itch
and Roger stone you have you know you
have because they're in the same
conversation now what do you think of
when you think of Roger stone you see
that that way too much gray hair for a
man his age right now what do you see
when you see blog image you see a guy
with way too much gray hair for a man
his age
now we're visual creatures we know
they're different people you know
intellectually
knowledge-wise waited they're just
different people and of course if we're
wise and reasonable people we know that
they should be treated individually your
opinion of one should not have anything
to do with your opinion of the other
they're just different situations but we
are not reasonable people and you can't
help it
you're pairing those two in your mind
Roger stone and the poor man's Roger
stone blog oh now blog Oh has gone out
and done I don't think that Trump asked
him to do this I think it was just I
don't know good luck
or I guess maybe you could expect it
would have happened but blog of Mitch
goes out and makes such a bad case for
himself that you start feeling sorry for
Roger stone you think my god this guy is
terrible and he got a pardon wait a
minute wait he's a Democrat are you
telling me that this Trump a dictator he
said dictator I tell you all he does is
reward his friends and wait what he just
pardoned a famous Democrat who's guilty
as all hell what
so that broadens your it broadens your
idea of what a presidential pardon can
be and it makes it easy to put Roger
stone right in the middle of that
because bloggers sort of set the edges
it's like well if you can pardon that
guy I mean what he did looked a lot
worse than war Roger stone did right
selling a Senate seat I mean it's not
even close to being I mean and here's
the other thing Roger stone is literally
famous for being a fabulist as as I
think somebody said meaning that he
tells lies a lot and it's almost his
identity or his brand is that he says
things that aren't true in public
that's his brand and even apparently
privately so you get that guy in a
situation where lying will send you
jail but what the hell do you expect is
gonna happen do you do you think that's
the one time you just gonna start
telling the truth
oh maybe but after a lifetime of being a
fabulist you're probably gonna be
fabulous all the time especially at that
age you're not that nimble anymore
so anyway the blogger thing was just
brilliant because it makes the Roger
stone thing easy did you see that
Trump's reaction to the news that the
think he might've said this even before
the news came bad about Bernie being
warned about Russia trying to help him
and the first news was that it was they
were trying to help Trump again and
there was some doubt about that because
no details have been provided and of
course our intelligence services have no
credibility whatsoever which is good
because we don't you know I don't know
if I finished that point but it's good
that we don't have credibility for the
news or our intelligence services or a
Congress that's the best possible
situation because if they're going to
try to get us to do something they're
gonna start with we don't believe you
that is the best place to start from
because you're gonna have to turn you
could have to convince us this time so I
think that's a great thing that Trump
did maybe not for great purposes I don't
think he thought of it that way but I
think that we're all way way better
served by losing all credibility and
those in those institutions so long as
they stay intact and so long as we
challenge them to prove their
credibility and we're a little bit
harder on them than we ever were I think
that's all good you know as long as the
institutions remain intact all right
let's see what else we got going on you
know I always talk about the two movies
on one screen and what I see great
examples of it it's still mind
mind-boggling when you see it starkly
here's another example this you know on
Twitter I end up looking at a lot of
conservative tweets and every now and
then I'll wander over into some tweet
thread that has some Democrats in it and
some anti-trump errs and I'll be like
entering another movie because the facts
that they believe to be facts are so
entirely different from the facts
believed to be facts on the left the
left and the right have different facts
here's the perfect example so the
Democrats believe it is objectively true
and nobody could doubt this that Trump
is soft on Russia and of course to every
conservative observer it is objectively
true that Trump is the toughest on
Russia now what would be the argument
most of you are going to say what are
you kidding me I mean it's not even
close look at the facts and some of the
facts that you would say for example are
that Trump gave deadly aid these javelin
rockets to Ukraine and that's more than
Obama did so Trump is you know at least
more badass than Obama was in terms of
Russia and I go over through the
Democrat part of Twitter and the
Democrats have a belief and I don't know
if this is true by the way so here's the
fun part the it's a belief that they
have that is a fact that I've never
heard before I don't know if it's a fact
I don't know if it's not a fact I'll
just give it to you they believe that
for reasons that weren't listed that the
Ukrainians were not allowed to use the
javelins what now I'm not saying that's
not true I don't know what it means but
then somebody else weighed in and said
yeah they'd never tell you that and I
thought never tell you that what
why would we give them javelin these you
know tank killer weapons and then
they're not allowed meaning who says
they're not allowed not allowed in what
way were they not actually delivered
what is it what does any of this mean
now I don't know the answer to it I wish
I could have come to you and said I
looked into this and I found out what
the truth is Morrow my point is how
different that movie is how different
the movie is that one says we gave them
deadly weapons to use against Russia and
the other says no you didn't it just
didn't happen I don't know no idea which
one of those is true all right you're
say here's a STONER question for you is
history fiction or fact you probably see
where I'm going with this right away is
history a matter of fact or a matter of
fiction now of course you're all
immediately the first thing that pops
into your mind is that the history is
written by the winners right so
somebody's gonna say that in the
comments because by now you've already
typed it out and it's too late to call
it back because there's a little delay
in the comments so somebody's going to
be telling us history is written by the
winners and that's true but for every
history there are some winners and
losers and they get to write their own
histories because they have different
countries and you know and we have
enough of a freedom of speech that there
are different versions of it etc but
wouldn't you say that the thing that we
agree is history is just the consensus
I'm not sure it's so much the winners as
it is the consensus so I would say that
history is a fictional consensus meaning
that it's not really even intended to be
exactly the facts it's an interpretation
that the majority feels comfortable with
it's not even a question so much of
winning and losing so long as all the
entities still stay intact and they can
make their own
books and tell their own stories it's
not like one group is just dad or can't
talk so just think about that yeah just
think about the fact that history is a
lot closer to fiction that are just a
fact now that's not to say that there
isn't an objective history I'm not even
in that conversation I'm just saying
that the way we live in an experience is
as a fiction that is hardened by
consensus not necessarily you know what
happened except for the big stuff you
know we get the dates and the explosions
right all right I want to call your
attention to something I tweeted it's in
the near the top of my tweet feed today
overrun Twitter that's something that
Matt Taibbi wrote for Rolling Stone now
this is not the first second or probably
even third time I have recommend it they
read an article by Matt Taibbi and it's
always the same reason good god he's a
good writer I mean just you can just
enjoy every sentence and that's such so
strange most writing has a lot of filler
in it you know here's my background and
I'll eventually get to the point and you
know won't you be happy when I start
stop blabbering and get to something
interesting but you read a Matt Taibbi
article and almost every sentence is a
payoff because you like the sentence
itself and so it's a very rare so I
recommend it but anyway here's one of
the sentences I pulled out I'm not going
to say this is the best one it was just
when I they pulled out and he says that
Bloomberg has been touted as a potential
Democratic Party Savior across the top
ranks of politics and media there's an
extraordinary indictment of that group
of people lots of myself yeah there's an
extraordinary indictment so all the the
smartest people thought that Bloomberg
well he's the guy I mean once once
Bloomberg gets in
that's that's gonna be at I mean all
this money and everything he once he
gets in and then you see him in one
debate and you say to yourself wasn't
there anybody who knew Bloomberg who
could see this coming
was there nobody in the top echelon zuv
the Democrat Party who said yeah he's
coming but it's gonna be you know with a
whimper or not a not an explosion didn't
anybody see this coming now I'm not sure
if I did so maybe some of you could
remind me anything I said about him
before we knew he was as weak he
candidate as apparently he is now maybe
you'll get better in the next debate or
something we'll all be surprised but I
think he's a certain age I think he's
lost a step I don't think I just don't
think we're gonna see much better coming
from him in terms of his connecting with
the audience and his charisma and all
that I don't see that changing too much
but read read the rest of Matt Taibbi
his article in The Rolling Stone
alright the whole healthcare debate
which may turn out to be the big topic
or at least Bernie might try to make it
the big topic if he's the candidate I've
said this before but I want to say it
again because I think I've got like a
better cleaner way to say it when Bernie
talks about everybody getting health
care he talks about trillions of dollars
and just you don't even have to be an
economist you say wait a minute how big
is our entire economy wait what's he
want to do it just none of it adds up
even even just you know the broad brush
it just looks impossible so he's doing a
terrible job of selling the idea that we
could go from 89% have insurance now to
a hundred percent so that's 11 percent
now I used to do budgets and you know
business cases meaning right up to
financials and projections for for
decisions for corporations so that used
to be my job for a while and I gotta
tell you they need somebody
to try to sell these plans whether it's
Trump and I'll talk about that or Bernie
who's better at this because bernie is
terrible at selling let me give you let
me tell you how I would sell how to get
to a hundred percent coverage and I'm
gonna give you the Republican version
all right so this will not be the Bernie
socialist version where I guess he just
raises taxes and cost trillions of
dollars and sounds very impractical so
forget about that here's how I would
sell it if I were Trump I'd say 89% of
people are insured that leaves 11% that
we need to do something about I agree
with Bernie that we should try to get to
a hundred percent but we should get
there with a rational rational system
that you know that the the system can
handle and it takes into account
people's incentives etc so you got 11%
you're dealing with so in theory if you
could if you had 11% more money
everybody would be covered if you had
11% more that could be dedicated to that
so how much is that
well 11% more would costs us I'm gonna
round up another four hundred billion
per year could the United States find
four hundred billion on top of what it
already pays per year now suddenly
you're talking hundreds of billions
instead of trillions so the first thing
I've done is I got you add of talking
from about trillions as soon as Bernie
starts talking and trillions we're all
trillions no no I'm not going to sign up
for a trillion to anything trillion is
too much my taxes are going up that's
all I hear when I hear trillion so the
first thing you do is you take it down
to well it's only 11 percent more four
hundred billion and then you say how am
I going to take pieces out of that this
is how a corporation would do it they'd
say all right the first thing we're
going to do is cut drug cost quite a bit
now that that would give you back a
little bit money so that that that
amount is taken out of the system let's
say that's 1% of it well cut the
paperwork we'll get rid of some
insurance overhead we'll do things with
competition and if
see we'll have better prevention because
we'll have more big data you know and
will will target key areas where their
big expenses let's say you know buying
into MRI machines really expensive so
we'll we'll fund startups that are in
that area they're trying to bring down
the cost of MRIs stuff like that so you
say look it's 400 billion a year that's
our national target if we can carve that
out of healthcare expenses we've got
enough money with what we already spend
to get everybody covered so let's let's
you know figure out how to how to carve
that up and I think that story sounds
doable doesn't it even if it's not
doable
doesn't that sound doable because I just
broke it out it's only 11 percent
because you say to yourself if anything
in my life
increased in cost by 11 percent I'd
figured out I mean I'd hate it but I'd
figure out how to make it work so that
sounds practical just by its nature
that's the way they should sell this
thing anyway okay I can't get over this
question why does it make sense to be
enemies with Russia and for Russia to be
enemies with us I I still need somebody
to explain it to me
because here's the thing does Russia
really have the belief that it would be
to their best interest to remain sort of
permanent enemies with us where we're
doing stuff to them to weaken them and
we're doing stuff that they're doing
stuff to us because here's the thing we
are much stronger than them our economy
and etc if you're the weak one do you
want to be poking the strong one like
what I never heard anybody explain the
the three-dimensional chess that Putin
is playing where any of this makes sense
because remember when Russia pokes us it
seems like we always figure it out and
maybe that part's not really there but
it seems like we keep catching them why
would you poke somebody who catches you
and they're bigger than you
and they punish you for it what explain
the the endgame how does that work I
just don't understand it and if it does
work and there's something to it why
aren't all the other countries doing it
now we'll talk about China in a moment
maybe they are but but is every country
doing this sort of thing to every other
country because it's such a good idea
I don't really understand why we think
Russia is doing this and if they are
doing this let's let's take it as a fact
that it's happening
that they're poking us and all these
various cyber ways etc and we're poking
in back I guess we couldn't talk each
other out of that there's no way to have
a conversation say look I get it we poke
you you poke us as long as one of us is
poking we should not expect the other
one not to poke back but are you getting
anything out of this because we don't
see us getting anything out of this eye
there's just nothing that we're getting
out of it are you Putin did you get
something out of this this year is your
did your economy go up because you
messed with us what happened exactly and
let's put it this way how bad is the
risk most of our elections are close to
50/50 right so our elections are sort of
you know 49 51 percent of situations
what difference would it make
really if you know the person with 49%
of the vote became president would that
really be you know given that most
people are voting randomly and just vote
for their party and don't even know what
the policies are are we really going to
get a worse result well the people who
lost would say yes hey it's unfair but I
don't even think there's a risk at least
in terms of our democratic system if all
that happened is the person with 49% won
instead of the person with 51 we just we
just survived an election in which the
person with the most popular votes
didn't become president that didn't
break the system
so the most that the Russians could do
is tweak it from the 51 percent to the
49 now in the case of Sanders I think it
would make a big deal but you know he's
not gonna get within striking distance
if he runs so even that won't make any
difference because even Russia couldn't
put him over the top so I just don't get
it
somebody needs to explain it to me
here's another question that was asked
on Twitter I think it was Adam yeah I
think it was Adam said this why isn't
China being implicated in meddling in
our elections uh-huh are you telling me
that our intelligence agencies briefed
Congress members of Congress about
election interference that China wasn't
on the on the agenda what I mean is that
real is it real that we have evidence of
China trying to hack us but no evidence
of China or do we have that as well but
that's still being held as you know non
leaked they you know is there there's no
leakage because of the China stuff so
how do we explain this again it goes to
the credibility of our both our
government and the intelligence services
because this doesn't make any sense
there's no world that I live in where it
makes sense that Russia would be of
doing all this meddling and getting
caught so easily and China doesn't think
that works or or they decided not to do
it this time maybe because of the trade
deal the musiims are a gigantic part of
the story that's missing like where's
China alright
here's some Bernie Sanders kill shots
I'll just get these ready
in anticipation of him maybe being the
nominee I still think there's a really
good chance that the people in power
won't want to destroy their party with
Sanders as candidate but might take
their chance of destroying the party by
having some kind of a brokered
convention
when they put it moderate in charge so I
think that that's a still at least a
50/50 if I had to put odds of it I'd say
50% at Sanders and 50% they they steal
it from him and give it to some moderate
which by the way is it could be quite
defended defensible I think I think they
could defend that easily because the
total of the moderates put together
there's a lot of people it's a very
defensible position but in cases Bernie
here are some kill shots imagine saying
some version of this you imagine this
comes from the president or somebody in
that position
Bernie's heart is in the right place but
he doesn't understand economics and
human psychology because one of the best
things you can do for persuasion is to
agree with somebody on an important
point and one of the things that you can
say about Bernie that his supporters
would never be talked out of it would be
consistent with the president what the
president said up to this point about
Bernie is that he's got a big heart and
I think you're just to say that yeah and
and by the way yes you saw your already
had me bringing up Bernie's heart but in
the context of a compliment
meaning figuratively he has a big heart
sounds like you're just giving him a
compliment but what do you think about
you think about his heart and you think
about his recent heart event and you
wonder about his age and you wonder if
there's another one of those so that
would be the first part is that you're
not only acknowledging that you know he
does have empathy he has a big heart and
I think that the president would do well
to recognize that that's a real thing
worthy of respect
having empathy and having a big heart
for people good so far but he doesn't
understand economics and human
psychology in other words he doesn't
have to get there he's just impractical
and I think everybody would it would be
an easy sale to say
his heart is in the right place and also
you his followers your hearts in the
right place too so you know you don't
want to start insulting the Bernie
followers because there's the could be a
lot of crossover votes there just say
you know every one of you Bernie
supporters your hearts are in the right
place too but here's how human
psychology and incentives work and
here's what we know works and here's
what we know doesn't and we just want to
do the things that have always worked
instead of the things which have always
failed now you could argue with and
that's accurate but that's the message
here's another one and of course you all
know this one explain how we could have
open borders and also free health care
because I think that's that's the
ultimate kill shot because I don't think
Sanders can retreat from either of those
positions he's not gonna say he's not
going to suddenly say we don't want open
borders and I don't think he's going to
back off from giving free health care to
anybody who comes in and there's nobody
nobody who can explain why that could
possibly work letting everybody in and
giving them free health care so I think
that's all you have to point out and
then it's sort of the end of the game I
mean that would be it let me ask you
this in the age of robots let's say
someday in the future when robots are
doing all the menial labor I wonder if
we're reaching a point where socialism
is the better system now you still want
to keep your republic and your
democratic principles you want to keep
that stuff you don't want to change the
form of government but do you need as
much human incentive when the robots are
providing all the basic living goods and
they're doing the work you just might
not need I just put this idea here right
so before you go nuts because I know
this is a trigger word for you I'm not
recommending it
I'm not recommending it I'm just asking
this question because I think it's
interesting if the whole reason the
socialism doesn't work is because it
doesn't match human incentives meaning
people will work hard unless they can
get a little extra gain compared to
their fellow citizens so if you don't
have that kind of a system it's not
going to fall apart but suppose the
robots are doing all the hard stuff yeah
yeah I think you know Yang was already
there somebody says they've all
disagrees which probably means overall
you never want to hear that you never
want to be talking in public and then
have somebody write on the comments you
know what you're saying Scott the
smartest person in the world disagrees
like oh crap crap yeah if you don't know
the vol raava
if he has an opinion and you have an
opinion and they're different just just
give up on your opinions just adopt his
opinion you know play the odds he's
smarter than you so just go with
whatever he says so if he disagrees with
what I said I don't know that that's
true so you may disagree in some minor
part of it or more but I think when we
have the age of robots
we may have to reassess what kind of a
political or not political well maybe
political to an economic system we need
that's a long way away I'm not going to
worry about that all right here's a tip
I saw this on one of the websites I
think it was on CNN that murderers are
using the following alibi if you can
call it that
maybe excuse their saying that they
didn't kill their spouses or girlfriends
or boyfriends intentionally it happened
during rough let's shall we say intimate
situations and so people are trying to
get away with murder by saying no it
wasn't intentional we were making love
and we just you know we like it a little
rough and that's the way it is and we
just went a little too far now here's my
recommendation to you
you should you should tell at least one
friend today that you and your partner
doesn't matter male or female irrelevant
to this point tell one friend privately
you know you got to tell you you know my
partner and I she or he really likes it
rough really likes it rough so you just
want to put that out there cuz some day
you may be accused of murder
and you can say look I got a witness you
call up Bob you say what did I tell you
five years ago yeah you said you said
you guys like it rough alibi BAM
somebody says no no Scott don't give
people ideas I'm not serious lighten up
you know you'll have to figure out how
to get away with murder on your own
don't listen to me all right that's all
I got for now and I will oh oh somebody
else in the comment says also mention
how clumsy they are that's funny yeah my
husband or wife oh yeah every time he
goes up on that ladder it just looks so
wobbly I'm afraid one day he's gonna go
up on that ladder and he's just gonna
lose his balance and fall off that
ladder good happen yeah that's a good
one alright enough about that have a
great day I'll talk to you later