[Music]
puh-puh-puh buh-buh-buh boom boom pow
pow hey everybody come on in here yes
it's time yeah it's time for coffee with
scott adams and you came to the right
place because i'm scott adams and i have
coffee and some of you do too but it
doesn't matter what kind of a beverage
you have it's got a cup or a glass or a
mug you've got a steiner integrin or a
chalice or if you've got a thermos
possibly a flask any kind of a container
will work and you should lift it to your
lips because it's time for the
simultaneous sip and all that comes with
it and you know what that means
dopamine get ready I could feel the
dopamine pulsing through my body best
part of the day well alright let's talk
about first the president having a
photo-op with Vladimir Putin and the
reporters asked the president are you
gonna ask Putin to not interfere with
the elections and and if you haven't
seen it yet it's kind of funny
Trump is sitting there next to a Putin
and he just turns to food and he goes
don't interfere with the elections yeah
you sort of have to see it it's a funny
moment it's no laughing matter
those elections but that was kind of
funny alright everybody wants to talk
about how the debates went I have a new
prediction it's sort of a subsidiaries
to my old prediction do you remember who
I predicted would be the Democratic
nominee one year ago one a year ago who
did I tell you would be the nominee does
anybody remember I like to see it in the
comments so people don't think I'm
making it up
one year ago I told you that caramel
heiress would be the nominee how does
that look today
let me ask you this I'm gonna I'm gonna
say something that puts in that puts in
perspective something that you're all
looking at all right so so watch what
I'm gonna do this is gonna be fun for
you I'm gonna take something you're
already looking at and I'm just gonna
describe it in a different way and
suddenly you're gonna see the future you
ready for this I'm actually going to
give you a glimpse of the future simply
by the way I describe the things that
you already see here it goes here's some
facts number one a woman won the first
democratic debate that was Elizabeth
Warren and pretty much everybody agrees
she won it hard fact number two a woman
won the second half of the Democratic
debates her name was Carla Harris pretty
much everybody agrees she won the
debates you had a woman winning the
first debate the first half of those 24
or however many people you had a woman
winning the second debates which man is
going to be the dominate for the
Democrats let me say it again all I'm
doing is tell you three facts well two
facts and a question number one a woman
won the first half hard
I mean clearly just one hard Elizabeth
Warren a woman won the second half hard
caramel Harris what man is going to be
the nominee for the Democrats you see
yet it can't be a man it can't be a man
now it could have been a man if Biden
had performed really really well let me
let me say it in the in the clearest
possible way the only way that Biden
could maintain that position as the
likely nominee is if he won the debate
if he lost it to a woman
and the other side loss to a woman it is
now impossible for a man to be nominated
as a Democrat for this election cycle
the door just closed the door just
closed now of course it could be some
weird surprise about some opposition
research we didn't know about or you
know some wild thing we didn't see
coming but in the normal course of
things the door just closed for a male
Democrat to make it it's just closed now
when I talk about persuasion as I often
do
especially what I'm talking about my
book Wynn Begley I make the points that
persuasion can help you predict
persuasion can help you predict now when
you make a claim like that you're kind
of obligated to do some predicting to
see if you can predict as I told you a
year ago I told you that Connell heiress
would be the nominee and that was based
on what I thought would be her
persuasive ability along with her
demographic you know her locking a
demographic situation those two things
would be persuasive I said and sure
enough she is rising through the ranks
and it looks like if he had the bat
right now you'd bet on her if you were
smart so let's compare I just printed
out the predicted list of which nominees
are aware and you won't be able to see
it too well so I'll just tell you what's
going on Joe Biden still at the top but
only barely behind Harris that means
that Joe Biden is just going to
disappear pretty soon and Elizabeth
Warren is number three and P Budaj edge
is a strong fourth and Bernie is falling
Bernie is going to fall away he didn't
do anything to save his place after the
debates and I think that when you put
Bernie and Biden on stage with a number
of younger candidates they look older
than they normally look so last night
Bernie and Biden both got a lot older by
contrast the
or of contrast so I said that if you
learn persuasion you will be good at
predicting so I'm going to show you
quickly but not in detail because you
don't need to see the detail my bets so
I'm gonna tell you what bets I made so
you can see how I do okay so I've got
several bets on the predicted website
all of them are small right none of it
is big money it's just but just to show
you that I was betting I've got one one
bet that was already wrong and then one
two three four or five bets that I'll
tell you about and then we can see if
the right the one that was wrong I did
not make the bet based on persuasion it
was a bet on who would be the next UN
Ambassador back when we didn't know and
I placed that bet based on smart people
saying they thought it was going to be I
think Dina Powell and I said to myself I
have no idea but some smart people are
saying it's gonna be Tina palace all
I'll make it bet on that
so that bad was not based on anything
about persuasion because I literally
would not I wouldn't be able to spot
Dena Powell in the lineup I don't know
what she looks like I don't know if I've
ever heard her don't know anything about
it so that bet I'm not gonna count in
terms of persuasion bets because there
was no persuasion factor in there I was
just taking somebody else's smart
opinion which turned out to be wrong in
that case the rest of them are pretty
much based on a persuasion and here they
are I said that I said a year ago but I
only bet on this a few months ago
there's a 20/20 Democrat Democratic
nominee would be cavil Harris how does
that look today well Warren is still
pretty strong but I think that I think
the Connell Harris bed is looking strong
ish
there was actually a betting market and
whether Trump will still be president at
the end of 2019
so that that's looking good and will
Trump be the 2020 GOP nominee I said yes
that's looking pretty good then will the
2020 Democratic nominee be a woman that
was a separate bet I bet that the
nominee would be a woman so I've got one
bet that is kamala and then a separate
bet that it would at least be a woman
that one's looking pretty solid because
it's either gonna be war or comma and
then will there be a third Trump Kim
meeting in 2019 and I said yes and I
think that looks pretty good too
all right so of my bets they're all
looking pretty strong right now and
they're all based on a persuasion
mindset and what is likely based on
knowing persuasion let's talk about
Harris's performance last night at the
debate my favorite moment
which made me take notice isn't being
reported as much but it really was a
strong moment it was when all the the
Democrats were they started to talk over
each other and fight and Carmela shut
them all down with the line that
obviously was prepared line but she
delivered it really well she said
something like voters don't care about
our food fight they just care about food
on the table now what's interesting is
not the cleverness of the line because
it was sort of ordinary but what's
interesting is that Camila shut down all
of the other Democrats like that did you
see that there they were like oh then
Harris goes you know she goes strongly
she goes the voters want to see you know
food on the table not a food fight and
all the Democrats just went boo so she
actually she dominated you know like it
like an animal dominates a pack she
dominated the stage now if you missed
that it was a really important moment in
terms of leadership I guess
and as soon as that happened I said to
myself whoa yeah it's a it's a high
ground move the reason it shut them down
is because they recognized there was no
greater high ground than what she just
said which is the voters don't want this
so they shut down then the next thing
she did was she took she made the
gutsiest play in order to be president
and have a chance against Trump you're
gonna have to do things that maybe are
let's say ethically suspect in order to
be strong enough to show that you could
be president you're gonna have to bend
some of the ethical boundaries and Wow
did she bend an ethical boundary last
night by accusing but by essentially
using a variant of the fine people hoax
she literally just made something up and
pinned it on Biden and what she said was
that he was praising segregationists
that never happened nowhere in our world
did Biden praise segregationists she
mischaracterized what he said about you
that he could work with even bad people
including them that's what he said
so he actually was opposite of praising
them but because she could get away with
it because the news had sort of reported
that the way he handled this
segregationist question was awkward she
knew that he wouldn't be able to fight
back and that she could just take him
out and she looked at him and she was
strong and powerful and she said she was
effectively disappointed that he was
praising segregationist she basically
took him out because his response to it
was so weak and unfortunately included
the symptoms anyway my time is up I'm
sorry which of course the media jumped
on because it's ironic and they said
things like well I guess he's telling us
the future his time is up and isn't that
what Eric's wawel said about him they
his time was up
so not only did Biden look like he was
just acting because he got all intense
and then we saw the the time was up he
was like well Bobo oh I see my time is
up and that he instantly went from this
pretending to be passionate to being a
weak little mouse oh I guess my time is
up and it made the passionate part look
completely artificial so his credibility
just completely disappeared even David
Axelrod who we know is you know a
Democrat advisor type who who certainly
I would imagine doesn't want to see a
president Trump even he said of Biden
that Biden looked somewhat confused and
separately he said the Biden was playing
into Trump's Carrick caricature of him
being mentally weak so in other words
even one of the top Democrats experts
advisors is saying the Biden doesn't
look like he's up to it now that's what
I saw I saw a Biden who didn't look up
to it I mean didn't he didn't look
physically or mentally up to the job of
being president or really much of
anything I mean honestly if if you
didn't know who Joe Biden was and he
walked into your company and asked for a
job would you say there's a guy who's
who's working on all cylinders I don't
think you would
I think if Joe Biden showed up for any
job just any ordinary cubicle office job
and you talked to him and you weren't
let's say you weren't holding it against
him because of age you would walk away
saying I don't know it doesn't feel like
he's firing on all cylinders so he
doesn't have any chance of being
president
Swatt well took a good bite out of him
sois well actually had a good night he
did get some attention and swallow well
was actually very clever by going I'm
not saying you need to like this but
he's clever in terms of he
a specific issue gun control and and
buying back and making illegal the
semi-automatic weapons and that allowed
him to get enough support from the
people who care about that one issue to
get on the stage and then once he got on
the stage he found a way to stand out by
having the most clever attack against
swallow L which was saying that 32 years
ago Biden said it was time to you know
pass things on to the younger generation
and then he cleverly said swallow well
did that Biden was right then 32 years
ago that he should pass things on to the
younger generation and he's still right
which was the clever part he should pass
it on to the younger generation so swell
well in terms of strategy very very
solid I'm gonna say he had a solid
strategy for getting enough attention to
get on the stage he got on stage and
then he was smart enough to say
something that would take a bite out of
the leader which was pretty good so I
don't think he's gonna be your next
president but I have to say that as one
of the many candidates running his
strategy was quite solid I'm gonna give
him that all right here's something that
people aren't talking about why am i the
only person you heard today saying that
a woman won the first debate and a woman
won the second debate think about that
did you hear anybody else say that that
a woman won the first debate and a woman
won the second debate how amazing is it
because I'm gonna give credit to Hillary
Clinton again as I often do Hillary
Clinton some people said she didn't
break the glass ceiling and I said
you're completely wrong Hillary Clinton
broke the glass ceiling because the next
time there's an election you're not
going to be talking about there's a
woman running it's just not going to be
that much of a thing so we've seen this
amazing thing where a woman walk
both debates think about that
a woman who want both debates that's not
the amazing part because there should be
nothing amazing about that right the
amazing thing is it's not even a topic
think about that think about the fact
that a woman won both the debates hard
maybe not even close and it's not even a
topic because Hillary Clinton shattered
the glass ceiling she didn't become
president but she broke that ceiling
because we're not even talking about
anything about gender this time you know
I think there's an advantage to being a
woman in the Democrat Party but we talk
about it as an advantage nobody is
talking about being a woman as a
disadvantage the only context that comes
up is as an advantage right when we talk
about Carla Harris's ethnicity do we
talk about it as a disadvantage nope no
it's America dammit this is America damn
it we don't talk at least it's 2019
things are a lot better we don't talk
about Harris's ethnicity as a negative
we talk about it as a positive think
about that I mean it's amazing so anyway
it's amazing if you're my age if you're
younger maybe that just seems normal but
if you're my age you can see that the
scope of progress and you've gotten to
the point where it's just not even a
topic anymore which is great is it my
imagination or does Eric's wawel have a
frozen face frozen face meaning Botox
there's something about SWA walls face
that isn't moving at the same time his
eyes are not matching his mouth or
there's something going on there so he's
got a bit of a frozen face and I think
that really hurts him even Van Jones
said that Biden's response
Cabala Harris on working with
segregationists was quote heartbreaking
no I think that's that's all you need to
know right if if Van Jones and CNN in
general and David Axelrod are all saying
that Biden slipped and fell
Biden's out yeah I think it's time to
say he's out
we were waiting to see if yang would
have a breakout night he didn't have a
breakout moment but think about the fact
that yang has never been he's never run
for an office and he's never run for an
office and he's in sixth place in a
field of 20 some people that's pretty
impressive right I don't think he can
win that's really impressive I gotta say
I don't know and frankly I don't know I
don't know exactly how he did it I know
does he do is he dominating the you know
some asian-american vote does he have a
natural base or is it just that he's the
first person who talked to the public
like a real person I mean it could be
that part of his appeal is he doesn't
sound anything like a politician and I
think some number of people say okay
give me anybody who's not a politician
you know I'm done with politicians that
might be part of his appeal all right
Buddha jej had a good night I think he
had a good night but he doesn't have the
gravitas for the presidency you know you
want to send when you're sending your
president overseas especially you you
want to think that your president has
gravitas you know certain weight a
certain I don't know a certain personal
power that represents your brand
I think calmly Harris has that I think
Elizabeth Warren has less of it but she
has it I think Buddha jej will have it
but he's not quite there what he needs
is literally just to be older because
with age
he will gain some amount of weight and
credibility his resume is a little light
right now being a mayor people the
voters are gonna say that's a little bit
light in a way that they didn't say
about Trump because Trump's persona was
so large but I think blue de jedge
showed that he was I think he showed he
was the smartest you know if you're
gonna elect a president based on book
smarts and ability to say smart things I
think he would be your choice if that's
the only stuff you cared about I just
saw a comment that made me laugh you
know you hate to talk about appearance
but you really have to you know it
appearances a big part of it all right
so put a judge did well enough to get in
the fourth place on predict it which i
think is probably at least as accurate
as any poll you're gonna see so so
that's what you got now let's talk about
Trump did you see the picture of Trump
doing the fist bump with Japan Zhou Bay
and India's Modi so the leaders of India
and Japan were there with Trump and he
was doing a photo op with the other two
and they asked him to shake hands but
it's three people so out of three people
shake hands so Trump Trump puts in his
fist and then you see this hilarious
breath this picture of these three
leaders doing fist bumps you know
three-way fist bump and obviously they
like each other so when you see Trump
with aa bay you know they're good
friends they golf they say good things
about each other you see him with Modi
I think Modi likes him too and you say
to yourself wait a minute wasn't the
wrap on Trump they wouldn't get along
with our allies and leaders from other
countries
wasn't that the big rap on him it looks
like he's best friends with these
leaders he was even joking with Putin if
anything he's too friendly he's writing
love letters with Chairman Kim he's fist
bumping with Modi
you know he's got this great meeting
with his good friend President Xi
McCrone loves them I mean it and you
know I think Italy loves them it seems
to me that I'm gonna make another call
all right here's another prediction
here's my prediction president Trump
will be the most popular American
president overseas anybody won't
disagree with that that history will
record that Trump was by far the most
popular American president in other
countries over overseas his reputation
won't be the best of any American
president is anybody gonna disagree with
me on that because I I think that's
where it's gonna end up you know
anything could happen but I think that's
where it's going to end up yeah Israel
loves Poland loves them there are a lot
of people who really really like this
president all right what else we got
going on here
that's those stories really close down
the news yesterday it's all about the
g20 and it's all about the Democrats not
Obama yeah I don't think Obama was the
most popular president overseas somebody
says you couldn't be more wrong Scott
really well if there's any way to
measure that sort of thing I'm open to
being wrong JFK
yeah good questions JFK yeah I mean
maybe that would be a comparable JFK
seems the most the the president most
comparable to Trump wouldn't you say
wouldn't you say that JFK and Trump
would be the two presidents who are most
comparable both in their personal life
which is let's say interesting let's put
it in the best light
[Music]
all right
I'm just looking at your comments NIM
any more on your healthcare ideas well
health care is looking interesting just
because there are so many ideas floating
around right now what I haven't heard
anybody say directly so I've heard the
Democrats talk about you know some
number of them wants you to be able to
keep your private insurance at the same
time that there's a public option the
thing that they don't say and maybe it's
because they don't want to play into
Trump's strengths the thing they don't
say is if you have a private insurance
and then you can opt into a public one
and it's the opting in that's the
important part because you could buy it
or you could opt into the government
bond as long as there are two of them
you probably have a way for the
competition to drive down costs because
if the government negotiates better than
the private companies the government
will simply have a better product and if
the private industries compete better as
well then maybe you want to keep your
private insurance and pay for it so I
think I think what the Democrats are
missing is a direct statement there
having a private at the same time as a
public option for health care would be
the most competitive situation and I
think that might be right they just need
to say it
yang comments so yang pushed his ubi
idea I don't think the audience was
quite ready for it but it is one of the
few things I remember if you ask
yourself what things do you remember
from that event you you you'll find that
you don't remember a lot and that will
be the the thing you should remember
about it talk about projects Veritas is
there anything new on Project Veritas I
think we already talked about the
why does the chat suddenly stop I think
that might just be on your device or if
you turn your device sideways the chat
looks like you stopped because you go
into theater mode so turn your device to
see the comments Marianne Williamson I
don't know why she was up to but I
couldn't get interested in an author
running for president
kiss Owens story is there a Candace
Owens story all right I think I've got
should Joe Rogan moderate the next
debates you know who would be a good
debate moderator me me I would be a good
debate moderator if you ask me I think
all the Democrats should should agree to
a debate night with just me or actually
they should all should all do interviews
with me don't you think that the
Democrat nominees should all do an
interview with me what do you like that
because you have to admit I would ask
different questions and other people say
you would just you would see a different
side because I don't ask the same
questions and other people ask you have
to admit that well you don't have to
alright I've got nothing else to say so
I'm going to talk to you later