but pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody and when I say everybody I
mean there won't be many of you because
I'm doing this at night
it's a rare coffee with Scott Adams
without the coffee hello everybody we're
doing the water tonight so we're just
gonna pop in and do one topic and then
all I might eat it again tomorrow would
you like to join me for the simultaneous
sip of water it's a good time for water
[Music]
mmm okay if you don't already know what
President Trump tweeted that he will
accept Pelosi's suggestion of waiting to
do the State of the Union until after
the the government shutdown is ended and
of course tomorrow there will be lots of
chatter about that about oh he blinked
or or she wand and he gave it and things
like that but I wanted to give you a
little context he probably won't hear if
you don't hear from me number one timing
timing is everything a week ago if I
have my time correct I think about a
week ago I suggested when this first
came up when Pelosi first said he was
disinvited I and many other people said
hey so what he can just go do his own
thing to a rally it's more fun he won't
be constrained by the State of the Union
stuffiness it'd be a great time but
something happened between the time that
it seemed like a good idea to just go
off and do a do a great rally and get
some attention that way something
happened the Covington kids and the
Covington kids makes it impossible for
him to do a rally right now do you see
it yet if the president gave an off-site
rally open to
say you know just supporters or anybody
who wanted to come but it would end up
being supporters what would they wear to
the rally that rally would be full of
red hats even people who didn't think
they would wear one before might be
tempted to wear one just as you know
solidarity how would the media spin the
visuals the visuals would be spun like
it was a KKK event now a week ago I
don't think it would have mattered at
all because he's done lots of rallies
people wear the hats it's it's one of
the more normal the sites that were used
to but because the the press has taken
advantage of this covington situation to
completely you know ruin the symbolism
of the Hat and turn it into literally a
racist symbol which of course it was
never intended to be but you know the
the persuasion game of the Dems
is solid right if I'm gonna be
consistent if I'm gonna be consistent
and complement the president when he
makes a good persuasion play I'm gonna
do it for both sides the Democrats and
their you know their teammates the media
have actually turned the most successful
campaign symbol of all time the the mega
hats and I think you did great right it
wasn't it the most successful branding
and campaign you know symbol of all time
I think I think that's fair to say
and they actually succeeded in
destroying it they destroyed it I'm not
sure it can come back and I think the
president would be wise to pick a
different design maybe something you
know more flag related or something for
for the next one
so somebody say this is a BS argument so
I think those who were who are resisting
what I'm saying
are probably saying to themselves nobody
can tell us what hats to wear and that's
true nobody is suggesting that the law
be changed you know you've got freedom
of speech you can wear a hat but because
it's so close to this Covington
situation and the hats became sort of
the you know the focal point of all the
hatred at this point a big visual with
nothing but Trump supporters wearing
that hat would be the absolute worst
thing that this president could ever do
it would be the the most immense
persuasion mistake of all time it mean
it would be epic
and I gotta say that none of that would
have been true except for the Covington
story so close to this this event so our
our minds kind of conflate the two and
you know one story bleeds into the next
and I'll become one big continuum but
beyond that beyond the fact that it
really wasn't impossible so there just
wasn't an option anymore to do that
rally because of the Covington thing so
he took the bet probably the best option
that was still available which was the
high ground maneuver so instead of
calling Pelosi names or giving her a
nickname instead of and by the way I
heard I heard the president say he was
talking about Pelosi and he goes I call
her Nancy and I thought he doesn't even
have an insulting nickname for her
he's completely playing it like you know
he's showing respect so what the
president has done is he's taken the
high ground because there was this the
childish tip for tat with the you know
canceling the flight to Afghanistan and
she cancels the State of the Union so
instead of just doing more tit for tat
she abandoned the high ground with her
latest move of cancelling the State of
the Union so the high ground was just
open there was nobody at the high ground
she had joined him in the mud and
completely abandoned in the high ground
and the high ground was he just respects
that she's she's the Speaker of the
House and that the house gets to decide
and he's respecting the tradition and
he's respecting that the that the
government is closed and he's respecting
that people are getting paid and he's
respecting that maybe you should wait so
all of the things that you think Trump
isn't he just did you think he's
impulsive and crazy you think he doesn't
respect anything you think he's a you
think he's a dictator whatever whatever
the critics are saying about him simply
by accepting that yes you get to decide
you get to decide you know if I'm
invited or when so we'll do it later as
you suggest
so he's becoming the adult in the room
because there weren't any you know he
sort of dragged he dragged the Democrats
down as as he often does but once they
got down to his level they had abandoned
the high ground so it turns out it was
his only path because he couldn't really
do a rally because of the visuals so
here's why I wanted to do this tonight
this move is so reasonable so reasonable
that the critics are gonna have to you
know be against it and it's going to
make them look like petty children
they're going to be talking about who
did this or that they're gonna be
talking about what he's really thinking
but they're they're gonna be sort of
bickering in the weeds and he's just not
even gonna be part of that conversation
because he just said yeah it's your
decision and that's it that's it
I respect the tradition I respect the
house I respect that isn't it you know
Pelosi's decision now there's one other
the possibility here and I want to just
sort of put this out here there is one
other possibility that he might not want
to do the State of the Union really soon
that possibility is that there's
something bigger percolating and I don't
mean bigger on the same topic I don't
mean about the border necessarily and I
don't mean about the State of the Union
it feels like maybe he needed to clear
his schedule so that's just you know one
hypothesis that's not a prediction but
there are you know a couple of reasons
that he might do what he's doing and one
of them might be that there's something
bigger he needs to spend his time on so
I would I would make a prediction that
there might be something going on
somewhere in the world could be Middle
East
could be a Venezuela could be China
could be North Korea North Korea is
always a good guess so there just might
be something bigger percolating and he
might need to work on that and you
didn't want to have a rally anyway
because the red hats were just good to
be a bad visual this week yeah maybe in
a month nobody cares about that but this
week it would be super divisive can you
imagine a State of the Union which is
supposed to bring the country together
yeah it's the one thing everybody agrees
at least its intention is to get you
know try to get people on the same page
but if he did it as a rally it would
just be his supporters and they would it
would send exactly the wrong message so
as much fun as it would have been to do
his State of the Union trump style in in
full entertaining mode would have been
great but it just couldn't work this
close to the Covington thing and and the
the visual with the hats all right
that is why I wanted to get on at night
to get ahead of some of this and that's
all I wanted to talk about I'll talk to
you in the morning bye for now