I don't bump bump bump bump bump um Oh
boom boom boom hey Joe and Jenny hey
Scott welcome to coffee with Scott Adams
the weekend edition hey can a Kris a
Sharona and E fuzzy and Nikki good to
see you all here and I know that because
you're the type of people who are
responsible and prepared not to mention
smarter than usual and inexplicably sexy
yeah I'm talking about you talking about
you I know that you have prepared for
coffee with Scott Adams by preparing
your favorite beverage it might be in a
glass a mug a Stein a vessel of some
sort I prefer a coffee you might go a
different way but join me now for the
simultaneous septa you're probably
wondering what the air quality looks
like at my house in Northern California
yeah oh yeah you're looking at my window
so this is my view so the trees that you
can see are there's a focus the trees
you can see are literally my neighbor's
trees so those are close everything
behind it is obscured from view so the
the fires I think they're over 150 miles
away now imagine this this is my air
quality in Pleasanton California so I'm
in the Bay Area the fires I think the
closest one is like 150 170 miles away
something like that and this is my air
quality imagine if you're within ten
miles or 50 miles so this is a this is
don't go outside air quality
some of you saw the president's tweet
blaming California for poor forest
management and people said my god you
can't say that when people are people
are in the middle of the fire to which I
say I think it depends if it's true and
I don't know if it's true to you is
California bad that forest management
does that have anything to do with
everything I don't know I'd like to see
some fact-checking on that I'm seeing
people online blame the increase in
forest fires on climate change which I
don't rule out I don't think you can
rule it out but I'd like to know all the
factors one of the factors might be that
there are more people stomping around
doing dumb things what are the factors
might be forest management but I don't
know anything about that topic and I
don't know how you did how you would
know so people are saying yes that
forest management is an issue but let's
see some more information on that from
from qualified people all right so my
brother whose location I won't reveal to
who is also in California but he's
already lost his internet and cable
connection and he is I guess the fire is
six miles away and he's on the
evacuation alert so my brother's getting
ready to abandon his own to the fire any
time now I think probably there's more
there's more chance that smoke would be
an issue where he is then fire but I
could be wrong because you know that
fire could come right up to him and as
you might imagine I know I know quite a
few people that were in the the fire
zone so I'll be worried about them today
anyway let's talk about other things
that are happening are you watching the
devious and diabolical work of the enemy
of the people the enemy of the people
being the fake news industry whoever
they might be especially if the fake
news is the dangerous kind so here's the
fake news that's being spread by CNN
right now which is by their reporting
the racist reporting and by the way CNN
is going full racist now so that they're
not hiding it anymore they used to be a
little bit I don't maybe a little bit
more clever about it minute but now cNN
has just gone full racist and they're
reporting that the president is singling
out black women for criticism now that's
just a lie that's fake news because he's
criticized everybody from McCrone and
France to Jim Acosta to whoever that guy
was a stood next to Jim Acosta it's hard
to think of anybody who hasn't
criticized this week who at least
anybody who's on the other side so the
reality is he criticizes everybody and
it's actually really good news that that
there are so many african-american women
in important jobs they have excellent
jobs which is why they're in the line of
fire say Ms Jim Acosta why is Jim Acosta
in the president's line of fire it's
because Jim Acosta has a really good job
why are the other women that Trump is is
is well he did I'm not gonna say alleged
but the other the other women that he
insulted what do they have in common
okay if you see and then what you say
they have in common is that they're
black women if you are not a
racist you say that what they have in
common is excellent jobs
[Music]
I apologize for the cursing sometimes it
just comes out but I'm watching the
enemy of the people the fake news
industry report it like it's fact that
the president singles out black women
for insults when right in front of our
eyes
we observe that not to be the case that
rather he insults all of his enemies his
critics and he's nice to all of his
friends it's pretty consistent
if he can't notice that you ought not to
be in the news industry so I think cNN
has now just disgraced itself and going
full racist with that claim because you
know the the the essence of it is is
that his supporters are in on his giant
racist scheme but if this is the kind of
 that they that they used to to make
their case they are the enemy of the
people there's no other way to spin this
anymore there's no other way to spin it
they are full racist enemy of the people
at this point that being said one of
their biggest complaints and I think
Bernie Sanders said the same thing is
that that there was a racist that the
midterms were a racist campaign and that
some of the races the individual race
races were racist and that in particular
there was a racist ad that was so bad
according to CNN even Fox News wouldn't
run it was that racist here's my take on
that I saw the ad and the first thing I
thought is oh crap people are going to
say this is racist and then people will
complain and if you're Fox News you have
a obligation to your stockholders and
when people complain and there's enough
of it
complaints you have to act because
you're near that kind of a company so is
it true what Fox News is root
I'm sorry what CNN is reporting that
even Fox News won't run this ad because
it's so racist that is not true that is
fake news what is true is if their Fox
News is not running the ads that's true
what is not true is the reason CNN says
it's obvious that they're not doing it
because even in their minds they know
it's racist Fox News has never said that
they may have said which would be
completely consistent with every
corporation they may have said we can't
take the heat this isn't worth it so we
don't want the advertising money because
the complaints are greater than the
value of the advertising money now that
would be a good reason not to run the ad
because the corporation can't handle
that kind of pressure that's very
different from saying the Fox News
decided the ads were racist so they
wouldn't run them so it's just fake news
now I'm not saying that they could be
that I know they're wrong all I'm saying
is that if the news is based on
mind-reading
in other words CNN's assumption of what
Fox News people are thinking but having
said if they're judging what they're
thinking from what they're doing I would
say they've got one explanation which
fits the data if Fox News thought it was
racist that would be a perfectly good
reason not to run the ad but why didn't
they think that in the first place why
did they run it in the first place I'll
tell you why they ran it in the first
place because when they looked at it it
didn't look racist to them when the
public looked at it and the half of the
country that's that's completely
hypnotized by the enemy of the people
those people said my god this is clearly
racist that's just like Willie Horton
situation when they said it's just like
the Willie Horton situation what kind of
logic were they using was it an analogy
yes it was they were making an analogy
to the Willie Horton ad
which i think is less it's less
ambiguous the Willie Horton ad the
Willie Horton ad was pretty racist it's
hard to defend that and here's why the
Willie Horton would ad was racist
because of all the criminals in the
world did you have to pick the black guy
now I understand that this particular
criminal had a especially bad record so
he was extra scary but I don't think
anybody's believing that he was randomly
picked and he just happened to be black
I'm sure there were plenty of white
criminals that they could have picked
from so the Willie Horton ad certainly
all of your antennas should have gone up
and you should say well why'd you pick
the black guy okay a little hard to
defend although I'm sure they did defend
it by saying he's a real person we
didn't make it up but still doesn't feel
right now let's compare that to the
border question what type of people are
coming across the border people who live
below the border the people who are
coming across the border whether they be
awesome people which I think most of
them actually are I'm actually quite Pro
immigrant from an emotional you know
just a human level I'm very Pro
immigrant from a systems perspective you
have to have good systems to have a good
country and good outcomes it gets more
complicated but is it true that with all
those people coming in some of them
would be criminals that feels
unambiguously true did the did the add
that neither Fox nor CNN would run
because they because the the impression
it gave did they have an option of
showing people who did not live south of
the border not really this is this is
almost exactly the opposite of the
Willie Horton situation
showing the people who are essentially a
hundred percent of the people coming
across the border are people who live
across the border those are the only
people who can come in illegally from
south of the border
our people who live south of the border
so showing somebody in particular and
you know this the particular cop-killer
that they showed was a horrible person
but in the context of a campaign had the
whole point of a campaign ad is not to
show an accurate picture of the world
none of them do that they're trying to
show the worst case scary picture that's
what all political commercials do
they're all complete some are
worse than others but they're all
 that's what they are so showing
that there is danger coming from below
the border is typical campaign stuff
making you more afraid of something than
you should be what do the what do the
Democrats do in their campaign ads well
the Democrats make you afraid of just
different stuff they make you afraid of
your of your citizens that are in the
same country so the only difference
between the Democrats and Republicans is
that the Republican ads are demonizing
people who don't live in the country and
are trying to get in illegally they're
not demonizing people who are coming in
Legally no matter what they look like
you have you ever seen a Republican ad
campaign ad that demonized people who
are legally in the country not in recent
time I can't think of one probably not
since you know I can't even think of one
has that ever happened so both sides are
demonizing a portion of the human
population the Democrats are demonizing
Republicans calling essentially painting
them all as ignorant racists who are
dangerous literally dangerous and the
Republicans are portraying the illegal
immigration
being especially dangerous now both of
them are exaggerating because it's a
political context so you have to put it
in context that it's you know they're
both exaggerating so the enemy of the
people has now created this fake
narrative which causes people like Anti
Fog to feel comfortable camping out on
Tucker Carlson's doorstep and
terrorizing whoever was inside which
happened to be his wife and I asked in a
tweet I asked the following question has
anybody asked Don Lemon I just picked
him as one of the enemy of the people
has anybody asked Don Lemon if he feels
responsible beforehand Tifa and shoving
up on Tucker Carlson's doorstep because
what they were complaining about Tucker
their complaints were right off of CNN
it's it's like they just took the CNN
talking points put on masks and walked
up to doctors door now how you feel
about all of this depends on how you
feel about the base claim which is that
the people are or are not racists
because you would feel perhaps less say
less empathy for somebody who was
straight-up racist you know maybe you'd
care less but Tucker Carlson clearly is
not that I mean he couldn't have a more
public record you know if you want to
check his record it's all there he
writes a lot he's on TV a lot you can
look at it yourself they need they just
need to produce one clip one piece of
writing any evidence of their claim and
that maybe we could talk about it but I
haven't seen that of you instead we see
that the enemy of the people have
hypnotized half the country including an
tyfa to think that there are monsters
among us and that they appear on fox
news yes I was a pen click you heard
so let me say again that I think the
temperature of the public probably went
down a little I'm talking about the
average public that isn't even watching
news necessarily just the average public
I think when Democrats won the house one
of the three legs of the the Trump
criticisms just disappeared
one of those legs was that Trump was a
dictator and that he was going to run
roughshod over the rest of the
government well now that the house is
owned by the Democrats
one of the biggest three things you're
worried about just sort of went away it
was never true and and they're not
really realizing that it was never true
but the fact that it went away so easily
meaning that the president said
congratulations and I think I can work
with Nancy Pelosi
he didn't say let's overturn the result
let's ignore Congress he said let's
let's see if we can work together that's
exactly what happened
so that went away and at the same time I
talked about how the president was so
public during all of his rallies doing
an 87 minute you know public press
conference covering all kinds of topics
and in none of that did he look mentally
deranged that's the wrong word and none
of that did he look like he had some
kind of a mental problem which was the
other leg of the stool so that's two
legs that just got kicked out of the
stool three if you count if you count
the Russia probe you know this this
stool has a you know multiple legs as as
many legs as my analogy wants it to have
and all that's left is imagining what's
in the president's head think about it
all of the complaints that they had
about the president that were fact-based
are being disproven
all right so one of the fact-based
predictions about this president is that
he would be bad for the economy well
then now the facts have clearly shown
that the economy is thriving under
President Trump you could still argue
about who gets how much credit and and
that sort of thing but you can't argue
anymore that he's bad for the economy
now some people have argued yeah but
what about the deficit to which I say
nobody even knows what a government
deficit is it's not like personal debt
unlike you the government doesn't
actually have to pay its debt and I know
somebody you just went what what do you
mean the government doesn't have to pay
its debt if it doesn't it'll default
them no no the government just has to
pay the interest on the debt you can't
do that eventually if you have a
business or personal loan as an
individual or as a company eventually
you have to pay it off right after
you've paid it down you can talk about
refinancing and getting other loans but
even if you have a revolving credit you
can't have to pay it down the government
doesn't need to do that the government
can simply pay the inflation interest
rate and wave for inflation to take what
is a gigantic number down to a small
number but of course it could only do
that if it's not adding to the debt more
than its deflating but the point is it's
not like regular debt so people who are
looking at the economy and saying this
is terrible don't really understand how
national debt works the other thing
people don't understand is that I
understand I
my factual belief subject your
fact-checking
that the percentage of debt is actually
not as high as it's been in the past so
as a number it's the biggest number it's
ever been but as a percentage of GDP I
believe it's been higher in the past so
there's that and the other thing people
don't understand is
that when interest rates are low that's
a good time to borrow a bunch of money
and interest rates have been low for a
while
so it's actually a pretty good time to
rack up some debt if your intention is
to stimulate the economy and if you
think in the long run you have a way to
trim that debt later if you you know if
it's gonna go up forever you've got
problems but you should be paying down
the debt when the interest rate is high
and I think the interest rate was higher
during the Bill Clinton years wasn't it
so that would have been in time to pay
down the debt as Clinton did and under
Obama and under Trump even even uhnot
Bhama and Trump yeah the interest rates
were low so it's probably a good time to
run up some debt and use other people's
money anyway the point is nobody really
knows how much debt is too much but we
all feel like we're economists when we
talk about this thing somebody says this
is the dumbest thing I've ever heard you
left out your reasons hey it was
probably an oversight did your criticism
accidentally leave out the reason or is
it just dumb because it's not what you
think because if you and I are talking
to each other and you think I'm an idiot
and I think you're an idiot we can't
tell what's we can't tell which what is
right
so I can't rule it out I can't rule out
that everything I say on these
periscopes or even just that one thing
is completely stupid can't rule it out
but if you've ruled it down on your end
we've already identified who's the dumb
one here
all right so my point being that the
factual stuff about the president is
being disproven at a fairly regular clip
he hasn't he hasn't blown up the world
he has not acted crazy he has not gotten
richer as far as we could tell he's
probably gotten poorer
so you have to if all the facts are not
lightening up you have to you have to
back up to mind-reading so CNN the enemy
of the people and by the way you know
the president has been saying that fake
news is the enemy of the people well I
don't think there's a distinction
anymore it feels to me that CNN has just
gone over to the dark side and they're
not they're not they're no longer even
trying to present the news because most
of the reporting is about the president
and the way they present the president
is so obviously opinion dressed up as
news that I don't know if you can make
that distinction any more about the fake
news versus CNN it feels like they've
they've completely gone over to the the
darkest of the dark side I mean this is
literally evil this is actual literal
evil but I almost wonder if they even
know it
like if you were to talk to somebody
from CNN privately you know and any of
the on-air talent if you could get them
in the room privately and talk to them
would they know what they're doing
because I don't actually don't know the
answer that and I try to be consistent
about not reading minds of other people
and and just observing what's happening
you can observe that what they're that
what they're promoting as news is
clearly not true and clearly slanted for
for a narrative I mean that part is
obvious it's it's obvious on both sides
right nobody's doubting that anymore but
we don't know exactly what they're
thinking and I'm actually I'm actually
genuinely curious there are some people
and I would say at a Navaro somebody
mentioned her name probably are in the
category of you know if you're just
gonna bet without actually knowing
because again we can't read their minds
I would bet that there's a mixture of
people who really believe what they're
saying
and some of them who don't but are sort
of going along with it you know I would
love to know what that breakdown is I
feel like I can tell by looking at their
demeanor but I think that's probably my
imagination anyway so the enemy that
people is working hard this week look
for the number of stories where
mind-reading is the primary thing they
have to buy into to buy the rest of the
story all right will I go on Bill Maher
again I don't see the slightest chance
that Bill Maher would invite me on his
show again to you do you think there's
even the smallest chance that I could
ever be on Bill Maher show again now
keep in mind that my appearance there
probably got pretty good ratings because
I said something that was provocative
that Trump would get a get elected I
gave my reasons and I didn't hear
anybody push back so that that alone
should have been remarkable in the
context of that show and then once I was
proven right about all of the big stuff
you would think I would be the ideal
person have back but I would break their
their world so badly if I came back now
I don't know what can I just don't know
if it could be done I don't know if they
could ever invite me back yeah they
could they can certainly have people on
the show who are conservatives you know
I'm not doubting that they can do that
but having me personally on there with a
long spring of being write about things
and in public and on that show in
particular would break the narrative a
little bit they can always say you know
Steve Bannon he's the devil he was the
devil before he's still the devil
so having Steve Bannon on the show it
doesn't doesn't challenge their
worldview having me on the show would
definitely challenge the world
and so but I don't think it's gonna
happen and I mean that literally I'm not
I'm not just saying that for a fact I
don't think that that can happen
likewise I I don't see any scenario in
which I would be invited on CNN because
I've been too critical of them all right
let's talk about election fraud
we are watching Marco Rubio fighting
valiantly for some kind of transparency
in the vote in Broward County and I've
said this before but Marco Rubio's is
kind of a kind of a good dude yeah I
kind of like at least since the
presidential election is over you know
what when when Rubio is in his
presidential mode I'm sorry when he's in
his senator mode and he's just doing his
job as a senator I really like the stuff
that comes out of him seems pretty
reasonable he never seems crazy and he
does seem to pick topics and put a good
you know good of you a good view point a
good view point on them you know whether
you agree or not he's he's a he's a
credible player who by all appearances
seems to be you know trying to get good
results for the state in the country but
here's the thing to watch out for the
the Broward vote counting situation is a
fog of war situation almost everything
that we hear coming out of there for the
next few days you should assume is not
credible
it would not be credible coming from the
other side it would not be credible
coming from your own side because right
now there's a whole bunch of speculation
and a lot of mind-reading there's a lot
of mind-reading you know some of it
won't be wrong in other words some of
the things that people are suspecting
about the other side will probably be
right but we can't really know because
we can't read more
now part of what makes us interesting is
that the the woman in charge Brenda
Snipes is here's the best I mean
everything about the simulation and the
script that we're watching here is so
interesting in some times all the wrong
ways so while the enemy of the people
has been calling Trump a racist for
criticizing black women by coincidence
there's another powerful successful
black woman and again how could we gloss
over the fact that there are so many
highly successful black women in the
news like it's it's literally like the
best news you've ever heard in your life
that there are that many successful
black women working at the highest
levels that that they can come under
fire from the President of the United
States it's kind of it's kind of good
news you know but because the enemy the
people has set it up so that they're
they're saying the president keeps keeps
going after black women they're kind of
tying his hands very cleverly by the way
I'm not saying it's they don't lack they
don't lack skill so the skill level is
pretty high but they've done a good job
of inoculating this Brenda Snipes
because they're they're they're telling
the story that the president goes after
black women so she's already got a
little protective shield around her
thanks to the enemy and the people and
but look let me let me jump in and say
this calling seeing in the enemy of the
people I want to be really clear
nobody should act on that in any
physical violent way I don't think
anybody should be accosting them
no pun intended nobody should be
accosting them in public nobody should
be showing up at their doorstep nobody
should be doing anything physical or
threatening to anybody who works as CNN
or anybody or anybody just anybody but
it still can be true that there could be
organized forces within the country that
are working against the best interest of
the country that can still be true but
we still live in the Republic and there
are ways to there are ways to fix things
that don't require showing up at
somebody's house so don't do that let me
be clear about that so anyway that my
overall comment about the Broward County
stuff is I see what you see which is a
lot of irregularities but so far the
irregularities have not risen to the
level of I don't know is smoking gun the
right word here they have not risen to
the level of my god they all have to go
to jail but it could you can't rule it
out
no the I see somebody saying come on
come on Scott please two of you said
that come on come on
it's obvious right Scott it's obvious
it's obvious something's going on
I'll get let me give you my opinion it
looks to me exactly the way it looks to
you on my irrational part of my brain
that makes most of my decisions just
like you everything I'm saying
looks like voter flog fraud so trust me
I see the same thing you do it all looks
like voter fraud to me it looks blatant
it looks obvious but it's also the fog
of war so the things that are being
reported initially just take it with a
grain of salt if I had to if I had to
place money on it I don't know if you
can bet on this could you bet on this if
I could bet on this on predicted I would
place a very large bet that there's
substantial fraud going on and
Broward County this week so if you're
going to ask me to bet on it that's easy
I would definitely bet that's happening
I don't know how big it is
you know I don't know if it's could it
really be tens of thousands of votes I'm
not going to rule that out I would say
the odds of substantial fraud are close
to a hundred percent would you mostly
agree with that the chance that there's
something that you would call
substantial and intentional fraud in
Broward County I think the odds of some
of it being true aren't close to a
hundred percent the odds of it being so
big that they're blatantly trying to
steal an election is less than a hundred
percent maybe 80 percent maybe 75 maybe
95 percent but it's less than 100 so
let's wait and see you know it if it
turns out that there is provable massive
intentional voter fraud in the tens of
thousands of votes and they were
literally trying to change the outcome
of an election you can't say I was wrong
because I'm putting very high odds on
that being the case I'm just saying
don't jump to a hundred percent yet just
just maintain a little bit of healthy
skepticism and then you know if you put
a if you put a 90 percent or 99 percent
on it at least you're part of the
rational conversation yeah if it turns
out that it's eighty-five thousand extra
votes and it changes the election then
people got to go to jail people have to
go to jail here's my idea for checking
the voter results you're ready for this
it goes like this you have an app just
an app that anybody can download or if
somebody gets a link by an email they
can click the link and it takes them to
the app so they could download it and
the apps only purpose was to ask you who
you voted for and then have some way to
to to compare that to how your vote was
counted I'm not sure if they could do
that but after you vote you can you tell
who it was or was the voter here's a
dumb question can the people counting
the votes associate the vote with an
actual specific individual did the
voting does the voting process do that
or does it remove the identity and just
make it a voting thing can somebody
answer that question for me there's a
little delay here so so let me just
finish the point the point was that
randomly people would get a notification
on the app they wouldn't be able to do
it on their own but randomly they would
get a notification and the notification
would say they are secret so people are
saying it's a secret ballot so how about
we change that there's probably a way to
associate the person and the vote in a
way that still keeps it yeah I'll bet
there's a way to randomize things or to
hide identities so that you can figure
out if the person who has the app says
yes I voted this way that you can you
can match it to the actual vote so I
think that would be a way to use an app
with some changes to the voting system
so you could guarantee that you've
checked enough places to find any
problems so if you find several people
in one city they say I voted this way
but you can check and the vote went the
other way there you go
now one way you could adjust this is
that there there must be plenty of
people who would not care if their
voting record was public so maybe some
people could say and go into the voting
booth and say hey I'm one of those
people I'm willing to be public and if
anybody wants to be private they can
still be private but you know I'm
willing to be public and then maybe only
those people use the app
because those are the ones who are have
given away their identity and then you
can you can check I think that might
work and and here's another question
that I asked I'll probably ask this
often but if our if our voting system
was so good why do why do read
why do recounts even exist the whole the
fact that every state has a recount
system and that we do it often is it
only in case of mistakes really is that
the only reason we have recounts because
we might have made a mistake to me it
seems that the fact that recounts are
universally you know accepted probably
suggest that the system is at least
susceptible to corruption have you heard
anything about Russia interfering with
the midterms did I just realize that the
biggest story in the world is the one
that's not being told here's the dog
that isn't barking wouldn't we know by
now if Russia tried to influence the
midterms shouldn't that be the top lion
story on every news site it should be
the top line story whether they did or
they did not write because it's still
the biggest story as long as Muller is
still doing his thing it should be still
the biggest story Russia did or did not
or we don't know influence the election
where's that where's that story
there should be massive stories about
how we cannot detect Russia doing
anything with our election how does that
fit with Trump can't manage Russia how
does any of that fit with the story that
Trump is a Russian puppet how do we
explain that apparently Putin allowed
Democrats to win the house and didn't
seem to do anything to stop it does that
seem like Putin and Trump are working
together there's a big problem in the
narrative that Trump and Putin are
working together and there's a big
problem in the narrative that Trump is
not doing enough to prevent Russia from
messing with our elections because it
looks to me like Russia got out of Dodge
or they're so clever that they got away
with it this time but I thought I feel
like we we'd at least have some rumors
that they were doing something we don't
even have rumors about Russia
interfering with the midterms do we it
might be because Democrats won do you
think if Republicans had prevailed in
the house that we would have no stories
about rip about Russians influencing the
election there's no way to know but you
have to ask that question don't you you
have to ask that question I was speaking
of asking the question so when I tweeted
that that somebody should ask Don Lemon
whether his actions were influencing an
Tifa his answer should be the same as
Trump's which is from a legal legal
perspective you don't blame people who
are talking for people who are acting so
from a legal perspective of course Don
Lemon has no responsibility for an T
file but also of course president Trump
has no legal responsibility for any of
these mass shooters but are both of them
involved in raising the temperature by
departing from let's say a strict
factual description of reality and the
answer is yes Sproat so from a
scientific perspective there's still a
thing called cause and effect and it
certainly seems reasonable to assume
that anybody who's raising the temper
is responsible for things that happen
when you raise the temperature and it's
quite clear that both the president and
CNN do that they get people pretty
worked up no stories of voter
suppression I guess that's true there
were lots of stories where people were
attempting there were stories that
people were going to attempt a voter
suppression but I haven't seen a story
about actual voter suppression that's a
good point I'm not saying there isn't
any I just haven't seen these stories
somebody loved my broadcast from last
night that's interesting so heated
rhetoric and never hurt anybody that's
not true
heated rhetoric has her lots of people
in what world has heated rhetoric never
hurt anybody he did rhetoric probably
hurts more people than anything else
because it always escalates not always
but it can escalate Bernie and Michael
Moore are claiming suppression so I may
not maybe I've just now seen those
stories they're not on the front page of
CNN where all of the protests on
Thursday peaceful is it my imagination
or were the protests against Jeff
Sessions firing were those protests the
lowest-energy protests you've ever heard
of it barely made the news there were a
few pictures of it and then it was like
a because Trump Trump messes with the
minds of his critics so thoroughly that
he had them protesting to keep somebody
they didn't want and they desperately
didn't
it was the strangest thing you've ever
seen
PayPal has shut down Tony Robinson's
againt
that can't be true or you mean Tommy
Robinson yeah it was a very low-energy
protest and so I'll reiterate my
prediction because it it's so so my
prediction is so counter to what you're
observing that you should yeah okay Todd
Tommy Robinson my prediction is so
counter to what you think you're
watching that it should shock you and
you should think I'm wrong but remember
how many times I predict the things that
you thought were wrong quite a few times
right so here's another one I think that
the temperature with the regular voting
public the people who don't really
follow the politics is probably down
because they're observing the country is
running okay economy is okay you know
wages are going up the International
stuff it seems to be totally under
control you don't even hear about Isis
anymore
they're not even a story Isis is not
even in this story anymore that's a
that's about as successful as you can
get militarily North Korea you know it's
a little bit of a you know up and down
there but clearly moving in the right
direction so I think the public is
ignoring the news for the most part and
that their temperature actually is down
because reality is violating what they
imagined was going to happen under a
trump administration people are not
being rounded up the economy is fine no
nuclear wars in fact all the offices
opposite of what they predicted but the
television news media their business
model requires them to you know crank
things up to DEFCON 20 so that you're
you're in a continuous fighter flight
odhh so the people who watch the
television the most the people who
follow the news the most are probably at
their highest rate of insanity but I
don't think that describes the general
population who is clearly by now
noticing that their life is going pretty
well and they have they have more things
to worry about them the news so that's
my my my prediction is that the press
will get increasingly crazy at the same
time that the general public will get
more and more calm because they're
they're learning to tune out the crazy
press one way that you could measure
that is in six months check with the
popularity of President Trump if his
popularity continues to inch up even
just a little bit 1% 2% if the president
is 2 percent more popular six months
from now what are you going to conclude
I think you'd have to conclude that the
temperature came down even as the press
is painting a picture of the temperature
going up they need the temperature to go
up for for their business model to make
money Florida has 5 minutes to give the
count to the courts what do you think is
going to happen do you think Brenda
Snipes will be taken out in handcuffs
is that possible because I I feel like
it's heading in that direction I feel
like like Brenda Snipes will actually be
removed in handcuffs
yeah I'm not I'm not going to make that
a prediction but isn't it sort of having
in that direction it feels like it is
now that would be problematic in terms
of the way it looks so the look of it
would be terrible well maybe that's a
good reason to do it I'm not entirely
sure who the whose side the sheriff is
on somebody saying the sheriff
the sheriff is on her side well if
that's the case then is that the local
authorities it's the state it's only the
state who has authority right is it
possible that the FBI and the feds could
get involved in in the county's election
results under the theory that the impact
crosses state boundaries is there any
theory that makes it a federal offense
it feels like they could make it federal
well that's pretty radical for you
radical what to remove somebody who's a
criminal if if it's shown if it's shown
that she's defying the court and it's
actually holding up the country I it
does feel like she should be removed in
handcuffs doesn't that feel like the
appropriate response to something that
if it's shown and you know I'm still on
the side of we're in fog of war let her
hat let her let her be innocent until
proven guilty all right so my my view on
Brenda Snipes is innocent until proven
guilty I know you hate that but let's
let's keep a standard here all right no
matter who it is innocent till proven
guilty I see the same stuff you see so I
think that the odds of her being guilty
are very high but let's keep her
innocent until proven guilty all right
it was a federal election but I don't
know how the laws work in terms of
authority over the voting machines and
the voting count that might be separate
from the fact that it was a federal
election voting is a civil rights issue
is that good enough that might be good
enough I don't know oh yeah the big
story in The Wall Street Journal about
Trump's payoffs to women I talked about
this last night well just reiterate so
it's being it's being called news that
Trump knew about the payments to the way
to keep them quiet is there anybody in
the entire world who thought he didn't
know about it it's not really news if a
hundred percent of the world knew it
before it was in the news that would be
the that would be an example of not news
in fact if I were to define what not
news means it would be something that
everybody knew for a year that's like
the very definition of non news so it's
not really news if the reporting that
the president knew about it and if the
issue is hey he lied about something in
his personal life I say if he can't lie
about that what the hell can you lie
about lying just to make this problem go
away is exactly what I would want him to
do for the benefit of the country I
would want the president to totally lie
about irrelevant to the country
irrelevant to the country if he if he
needs to lie about that just to make it
go away
so he can get on with the business of
work I'm all in I'm a hundred percent
supportive of lying about stuff that
doesn't matter in your personal life
completely on board with that now
somebody's gonna say hey does the do the
ends justify the means to which I say
yeah a lot because the ends were a minor
lie about a personal personal situation
totally trivial to the country but he's
the you know the head of the country and
so we want him to be effective in his
job so which one is more important being
an effective leader of the United States
or telling the truth about something in
your personal life that doesn't matter
to one freakin person on the whole
planet do the ends justify the means yes
unless you're an idiot unless your
absolute the costs and the
benefits can
compared the cost is he lied about
something trivial that we don't care
about that we wish he had gotten away
with the lie because we don't want to
talk about it because we don't care what
happened to his personal life we didn't
hire him for that we did not hire him to
be our role model right
compared to possibly destroying the
United States in the entire world
because his you know because he's become
less you know let's say less effective
because he has to deal with this issue
these are not even close to being as
important so I support the lie assuming
it was a lie about his personal life and
if he does it again I support that too
in fact I support every lie the
president tells and every other
politician by the way I just just so you
know I'm being consistent because be the
this is the point where people jump in
and say oh you apologist you will say
anything to back the president in my
defense the same argument I said about
Bill Clinton when Bill Clinton was being
taken down for this Monica Lewinsky
stuff I said loudly and often we I
didn't have as much of a platform then
but to anyone who would listen I said
it's none of our business let him get
away with a lie Len just get back to his
personal life it's not our problem
so I think the standard that I applied
to Bill Clinton which is his personal
life is not my problem and not my
concern
and if he wants to lie about it just to
make it go away I'm all-in I was all-in
when Bill Clinton did it I'm all-in when
President Trump did it assuming that's
what happened
so that story if those are the stories
in the news things are going really well
to think about the biggest complaints
about the president just just put these
in context here the biggest complaints
about the president
he said something that in the insulted
the president of France does anybody
care and they still had a good meeting
with him and McCrone is you know
friendly enough with the president that
it's not really a problem so so that's
sort of a no big deal
France you know nothing's really
happening there that matters
secondly the news that he insults black
women well that's just fake news because
he insults everybody and the good news
is it turns out that there are a lot of
black women who have excellent jobs at
high levels and so they're you know
they're on the radar now that's all good
news then let's see what else is in the
news the other news that he got rid of
Jeff Sessions which nobody on the right
wanted wanted Jeff Sessions to remain
and nobody on the left one of Jeff
Sessions to remain
that's the worst criticism about the
President as he fired somebody that
nobody wanted that's it he fired
somebody that everybody wanted gone now
of course the concern about Jeff
Sessions from the anti choppers is that
the next thing he'll do is fire Muller
but here's the thing he hasn't fired
Muller it's not really news that
somebody might do something you don't
like because people might do lots of
things you don't like that's not news
that's mind reading right now if you
were to do this well then it becomes
news but at the moment it's not news
it's nothing but imaginary news it's
imagining that something will happen now
let's say he uses Whitaker or whoever he
uses to replace Whitaker and by the way
the president has signaled very clearly
that Whitaker is not going to stay
around I don't know if you saw that but
the president's acting like he's never
met him
and doesn't know him that well he's just
a temporary fill-in and the fact that
rod Rosenstein actually praised
Whittaker also makes it feel like maybe
he sees it as a short-term thing and
he's just strive to get past it
so I don't think we have to worry about
Whittaker keeping the job it's it's
feeling like that's not likely but
suppose somebody like Whittaker starts
putting a little pressure on Muller just
to wrap things up at the same time that
Muller has signaled that he wants to
wrap things up so what if Muller is
wrapping things up and Muller thinks
it'll take three months to do it but
he's in the wrap-up phase and let's say
somebody pushes him to get it done in a
month and a half that's the problem
what does it manager do with every
project no matter what company you're in
no matter what industry you're in
there's a project going on and you're
the boss what does every boss do with
every project they say what do you mean
it'll take three months
I need that done in a month and a half
wrap it up alright so managing
somebody's budget and their their
timelines is really just business as
usual so given that Muller is almost
done and I think everybody assumes that
he's almost done now if it were the
beginning of the process that would be a
big problem but at this point is there
anybody left to talk to probably not
just the president and they're not going
to talk to him so there's not much left
to say so think about it those are the
biggest stories the biggest stories and
oh and then there was the protest so the
protest is because people think that
that Moeller has the goods on Trump in
other words the protests were over
Russia collusion which as far as we can
tell if we're just looking at facts
doesn't exist so the worst complaints
about the president
now are the the made-up complaints about
targeting black women for a criticism
which we could observe it doesn't
require any research you could just turn
on the news and see him insulting
everybody so that's easily disproven
there's the the Russia stuff which is
literally imaginary now I'm not saying
that Muller has found nothing because we
need to wait and see but at the moment
nothing is leaked nothing is even
slightly telling us nothing's even
leaning in that direction at all so it's
sort of an imaginary mind-reading
problem so if your problems have been
reduced from think about the problems
when Trump took over the economy wasn't
going well that's a big problem jobs
aren't good enough that's the big
problem things were going well but they
weren't good enough these are these are
big things
Isis is still a big problem North Korea
is still a big problem trade deals still
a big problem how many of those things
are still big problems not a lot right
so all all CNN has left are things which
are imaginary literally imaginary like
they're imagining that he's making fun
of people you know he's targeting people
but clearly that's not the case you know
that the facts demonstrate that as
clearly as anything could be
demonstrated and so you've got you've
got imaginary racism in terms of
targeting black women you've got
imaginary Russia collusion and you've
got imaginary he's going to fire Muller
which he might but at this moment we're
just imagining it so if all of your
problems are imaginary a sort of as good
as you can get all right I think I've
beaten that point into the ground and
I'm gonna hang up now
and hope everybody does well in this
California fire I've got some people I
need to check on and I will talk to you
later