[Music]
hey everybody I know I know it's not my
regular time but I'm traveling and I've
got meetings and that's stuff to do I'm
on my official book tour for the release
of a loser think it's already tearing up
the charts tearing up the charts I say
if you don't get a copy everybody's
going to be talking about it then you'll
be left out I was sad well I wanted to
get here early so that I could at least
have this available for replay for those
people who are looking for me at my
normal time and ya know I'm not an early
bird I'm on the East Coast I'm in New
York City you can you can hear the
sounds of garbage outside my room yes
the actual sounds of garbage turns out
my room is directly above a gigantic
pile of garbage it gets picked up I got
awful times in the day while I listen to
garbage sounds but anyway that's not
important what's important what's
important
it's a simultaneous set and you know it
doesn't take much to participate cup
glub-glub what the hell is a glove a cup
or a mug stein chalice any anything
canteen doesn't matter what you have get
it ready because it's time for the
travel version of the simultaneous up
are you ready go
good stuff
all right so I have to I have to tell
you what happened to me so when you do
these book doers your publisher put you
up at the hotel now I don't know how to
tell this story without sounding like a
gigantic douche so I'm just gonna go
ahead and sound like a gigantic douche
bag the quality of the hotel that your
publisher is willing to pay for it's a
little bit different from the quality of
hotel I may have become accustomed to
but this morning took the cake I've got
so that the the whole room is the size
of a shoebox and the the bathrooms about
the size of a phone booth and the shower
has a half a half wall of glass so that
there's no doorway into the shower and I
look in and I think to myself ah it's a
really narrow shower and the only way
you can get to the controls is to go
into the shower into the narrow shower
and stand right in front of the water as
it comes on you and I think to myself
well that's no good because I don't want
to turn on my shower and get all this
cold water before it gets before it gets
warm so I'm clever this is what I do I
say
I'll move the showerhead so it's you
know pointing the wall away from me and
then I'll be able to turn it on with all
of my clothes on and still be able to
get out and dry and then I'll take my
clothes off and it'll be nice and warm
when I get it and a good plan right good
plan here's how that plan went turns out
that the controls are a little confusing
and while I thought I was turning on the
shower head which I had cleverly faced
the wall what I was actually doing was
turning on the little hand held shower
device which was pointing out the door
completely out of the shower so in other
words I had an angle that it could go
right out
the door and onto the whole wall outside
in the main bathroom I realized this
after I turned it on so now I'm standing
here fully clothed and when I say fully
clothed I mean I had long johns on
because I would have to get some coffee
this morning oh by the way I called room
service this morning they said we don't
have it this morning because our cook
didn't come in no room service in New
York City of all things so the water is
spraying into the main hallway and
there's quite a bit of it it's like
running on the floor and I'm literally
flooding my my thing and I say to myself
there's only one way I can stop this I
have to go into the shower right now
fully clothed with long johns so I say
to myself I think I can block the stream
with a towel so I grab a towel I hold it
in front of me like a shield and I run
in and I turn turn off the little
handheld thing good plan right block it
with the towel turn it off well that was
what I intended to do what I actually
did was turn the control all the way to
the left which activated the showerhead
now I had tried to turn the showerhead
as I said toward the wall but it really
only went a little millimeter so what
are your standing fully clothed in a
narrow little shower and you turn on the
showerhead
turns out you get very wet let me let me
show you hold up
I don't know if you can see but this
this that this is the dry part and all
of this is completely wet I'm not sure
if you hear that because I had the
microphone off anyway I was completely
soaked top to bottom after having walked
you know to get coffee because they
didn't have any and so the bottom line
is I'll be checking out of this hotel
right after my meetings today ah that
didn't work out so well at all last
night literally I'm right next to a
garbage operation that's operating
through the night at at midnight and
stuff anyway that's not why you're here
you're here to talk about the events of
the day I did something very clever this
morning on Twitter if I do say so myself
and I'm gonna have to read it to you so
my complaint with the whole Ukraine and
Pietschmann thing is that the
Republicans have allowed the Democrats
to frame it and the way they framed it
is that it's a case of Trump quote
digging up dirt on arrival with a
foreign country now of course that's no
good right if that's how you frame it
then the conversations already over so
the Republicans have failed just
measurably and I would say that the
president is not having his best game on
this either because they allow that
framing and what did the Republicans say
when the Democrats say you're digging up
dirt on an opponent with a foreign
country they don't push back on that
instead they say well I don't think the
quid pro quo was there and or it doesn't
right rise the level of it all wrong
it's all wrong
you got it you have to attack the frame
the frame and and here's an example so
here are my two tweets now what's funny
about the tweets is you have to look at
the comments from the people who weighed
in who were sure that their side really
had a good argue
and you'll see that they're completely
triggered into cognitive dissonance I
mean seriously you have to you have to
look at them they they've almost
completely given up on even counter
argument so let me tell you what I said
and you'll see why it was so
devastatingly effective so I had two
tweets here's one what we was there were
two potential outcomes of the requested
Ukrainian investigation on Biden either
they would find nothing or they would
find behavior that voters in the United
States need to know so those are the two
electoral comes right either the
investigation if you created it they
would either find nothing