bumbum bumbum hey everybody get in here
hello Allison
hello UNIX Tyler flea what kind of a
name is that I can't read all of your
names because some of them are silly I
just read the ones that sound like real
names Edward Melissa Howard good morning
hello Susan hello Rick come on in here
you know what time it is I know you know
what time it is
don't even need to look at your watch
because when you see this hey Bryan it's
time for coffee with Scott Adams do you
have your coffee do you have any kind of
a beverage do you have a cup of vessel a
mug a chalice fill it with beverage or
enough to sip bring it to your lips and
join me for the simultaneous sip oh I I
feel like the simultaneity was extra
good today did it feel like that to you
there was a little note of chicory and
maybe just that just a little note of a
simultaneous Ness same old simultaneous
there's probably a word in there and I
don't know it alright alright alright
let's talk about Kanye meeting with the
president we've had a little time to
digest it now remember I introduced
yesterday I think it was the idea of
cultural gravity cultural gravity the
idea that it's hard to get away from
your culture now that could be good if
your culture is all positive but it
could be bad if there's something about
your put your culture that you'd like to
escape and differentiate yourself
because your culture pulls you back
and I watched this happening with Kanye
with great alarm I don't know if there
are very few things that have disturbed
me as much as watching black people come
after Kanye because Kanye visited the
president and was trying to make a
positive difference and may have already
done so so my perception and I realized
were living in different movies but all
I'll just say it's my perception is that
Kanye had legitimate important issues
there were of vital importance to his
community let's say his community in
this case Kanye's community is the world
but just in the context of this
conversation let's talk about inner
cities and the african-american
community
Kanye is bigger than that but for this
conversation and he met with a bunch of
urban leaders apparently who knew what
they you know knew the issues and
understood them and they helped coach
him he brought one of those issues the
question about stop and frisk to the
Oval Office and in front of cameras and
in front of the world told the president
he didn't think that was a good idea the
president said well you know I'm
flexible have you ever seen him say that
before so it would be difficult now for
the president to go go hard on this idea
of stop and frisk now that Kanye he
stood in front of the world and all the
cameras gave love to President Trump
said how much he loved him where's his
hat and then says to him in front of the
world I'm talking to a bunch of people
from the community and they say this is
a bad idea I don't think you understand
how powerful that is he created a
situation where his influence went from
you know Kanye high already
right just being Kanye he has influence
but by by engineering this situation
where he's in the Oval Office on camera
the entire world is watching he puts
this out here and then what was
President Trump going to say to that was
he going to disagree vigorously with him
in that setting no I wasn't even an
option
Kanye created a situation in which his
influence went from really really high
Kanye high - oh my god we haven't seen
this before except from President Trump
I mean you were seeing some world class
influence going on and now what would be
the reaction to that from people from
his community people who would benefit
from his actions people who would like
to have a greater say in the Oval Office
people who would like to bring the
country together people who would like
issue something such as stop and frisk
and you know potentially prison related
things people who who have these very
high on their priorities what what
reactions should you have expected from
the people who embrace the exact same
issues that Kanye is making a big dent
in simply by the attention against you
would expect wouldn't you expect full
out support but that's not what you saw
you did not see full that was support
you didn't see anything like that
instead CNN immediately weaponized its
its african-american staff you know
meaning the on-air on-air personalities
and they first brought on dot 11 you
know was it during his show I think was
a Henderson Cooper brought him on I
forget who but Don Lemon gave a fairly
long and impassioned response in which
he was embarrassed by Kanye embarrassed
that's a that's a powerful word because
it's one thing to disagree with somebody
on on policy but I don't think he
disagrees on policy it's one thing to
say
somebody doesn't have the you know the
background or the knowledge that's
always fair you know that's a fair
comment that somebody doesn't have the
background maybe they should know more
et cetera but Don Lemon referred to it
as a minstrel act that's kind of
personal isn't it you know I'm not black
obviously but I would feel that that was
a pretty deep insult and that it was a
dip it was an insult about my color you
know about my my culture about my my DNA
and to me you know those of you are
saying is racist I'd never buy into the
black people it could be racist against
other black people I don't even know
what that means so so I don't buy into
any of that
so it's not a racist thing at all it
felt like cultural gravity it felt like
here was Kanye who was who had worked
himself into a position where where he
was unambiguously able to make a
difference and in a positive way that
the people from his community his
culture I'm not sure if he'd call his
culture anymore because he's super rich
but from the culture he was trying to
represent urban black poor people in
general and here he was being dragged
back it's like no you can't do that
let's talk about all the things you did
wrong he didn't talk about anything he
did right he got in the room he got in
the room Kanye was in the room talk
about doing something right
that's as right as you can get you know
when when President Trump said he would
talk to Kim jong-un people said I don't
know no but getting in the room with him
was probably the most important thing
that will help North Korea go in the
right direction
so Katya does the same thing he gets in
the room that's you know showing up is
what 90% of the thing and he didn't just
show up he raised
he raised issues and he probably made a
difference in how we look at those
issues personally I didn't know much
about stop and frisk it's not not
something I pay a lot of attention to
but now that Kanye has said he talked to
the people who were in the community and
they they hate that idea I'm biased
against it all right
I could still change my mind if somebody
had a good argument or something but I'm
kind of biased against it and it's
because Kanye did a good job of you know
representing it as briefly as he did it
was still powerful and then I and then I
read another article on CNN from one of
their other she's a person of color but
I don't know exactly what her ethnic mix
is it looks like she may be
african-american but I'm not sure and
and so she runs she also writes a hip
piece against them and well let me let
me actually call that up so I'm looking
at it but so so rude of me not to use
the actual name of the writer let's see
if I can find that quickly
analysis why Kanye is lunch with Trump
was a disaster and this is written by
nia-malika Henderson one of CNN's
regular correspondent types and she does
the list persuasion she goes here are
some ideas West raised and the context
of it is that these ideas are just crazy
crap all right so she has to put them in
a list because individually none of them
look crazy enough so she oh so she has
to do list persuasion so here here's her
list of crazy things he did bring Trump
factories and Yeezy ideation centers to
Chicago ideation meaning a place where
you come up with ideas and you create
more of a design creation is that crazy
to bring factories to the city he's he's
trying to support his own hometown
and talking to the person who has
influence over such things and then
saying that bringing them in with his
own resources he would have skin in the
game Eazy would bring in his own
ideation centers is that a good idea or
a bad idea well sounds good to me so I
was really good to me right then says
his Magda hat makes him feel like a
superhero so of course they take that in
a context so it sounds crazy right now
if you put it in context Kanye talks
about how it made him feel you know his
armor was on he was a Superman as a just
a way for us to imagine it now else do
you know who uses very visual persuasion
President Trump right so Kanye doesn't
just say I feel stronger with my hat on
because that would be weak concept
talking he says I feel like Superman and
boom the image of Superman pops in your
head the image of Superman's cape that's
red like the Hat pop pops into your head
all right that's how you communicate try
to forget that you can't you'll remember
for the rest of your life that Kanye
said he's like Superman with his hat on
it's instantly memorable that's why he
does write that we should make the
dopest no the flyest cars so again he's
just talking about America should make
the best stuff let me let me put this in
context America makes cars cars but
they're boring
right American cars are boring be easy
makes Footwear Footwear is boring except
Kanye's Footwear
if you've seen them you know his
sneakers or whatever you want to call
them are actually way above ordinary
Footwear because of design in the same
way that Tesla is way above regular cars
because of design Kanye's and why are
our cars designed better right we can
sell a lot more cars overseas especially
if ours we're better designed is that a
good idea or a bad idea
it's a really
really good idea that idea is so good
it's beyond good it's it's actually a
glaring hole in our in our capitalist
system that I'd never even noticed well
I had noticed I had I have actually dos
that cars are not well designed except
for the Tesla and I always wondered
what's what's up with that Kanye is
calling out this huge opportunity which
is to make better design cars so you
want the more you sell more they're just
better cars that's actually pretty good
point they make it look dumb here
he says school is boring kids should be
playing basketball while they're doing
math now of course if you put it out of
context people are gonna say how do you
play basketball and do math at the same
time well that's not really the point
the point is this school is boring it
needs to be redesigned rethought
something to wake you up keep you
interested alright that's what it means
the Kanye described it in a visual way
you can imagine somebody bouncing a
basketball and trying to do math right
once again he goes visual watch how many
times he goes visual you can't get it
out of your head it's quotable and
here's the important point it's a little
bit wrong because you really you'd have
trouble playing basketball and doing
math at the same time right so your
brain it says well that's a little bit
wrong but then you remember it because
it's visual you see somebody playing
basketball you put yourself in the scene
you imagine yourself playing basketball
in doing math it's brilliant it is
brilliant persuasion that the CNN is is
trying to make look like it's silly
because they take it out of context and
put it in a list
he said that time doesn't exist well
here he is you're agreeing with Einstein
so Einstein said that time is a
persistent illusion Kanye says time
doesn't exist CNN could say Kanye and
Albert Einstein have the same opinion on
time because that's true Kanye and
Albert Einstein have the same opinion on
the nature of time
but they left Einstein out of the story
they just put it on this list with these
other things so it makes it look dumb
right he literally said one of the
smartest things I mean he didn't come up
with it himself but he just said one of
the most well understood concepts in
physics that time is sort of an illusion
and they make it look like it's dumb but
I think the context there might have
been let's get going you know more of a
had a little more to do with we should
get going
stop worrying about the future we only
have today that's more about time you
said Trump and Colin Kaepernick wearing
make America great hats at the Superbowl
again
visual in Kanye's instead of saying
let's see if I can get the President and
Kaepernick to get together which
actually that would be a little bit
visual but he took it to another level
he made you imagine the two people and
then he imagined the hats on their heads
that is great persuasion he painted a
picture and he brought you into it and
it's a little bit wrong again right
because imagining trumpet and Kaepernick
even though you know that can happen
it's like a real thing that could happen
and should happen it's a little bit
wrong so you can't not think of it
alright so again powerful and of the Box
interesting but important it would make
a difference it's visual you're seeing
you're seeing pure genius here that the
CNN because they don't understand
anything he's doing or writing it off as
a bunch of crazy stuff all right let's
keep going stop and frisk is bad
so they they narrowed down his whole
stop and frisk thing from I talked to a
bunch of leaders in the community I'm
bringing you their message because I'm
in the room I'm in the room and they're
not so I talked to them I got their best
thinking I present it to you here it is
all right that was really important and
probably changed the nature of the
debate in that moment
how does CNN summarize an important
change in the van
for the african-american community just
once one bullet point stop and frisk is
bad that's it that's all though they're
gonna say about that right next the
solution to police brutality is love
well of course if you treat it as a an
absolute as in well he's saying that the
only thing you need to do is love well
then it looks silly right this is what I
call the at the absurd absolute where
somebody makes a reasonable point and
then the critic takes the reasonable
point and turns it into an absolute so
it looks silly
would it help police brutality if there
was just more love imagine if you will
that every time a and this is just a
thought experiment I'm not suggesting
this will happen imagine if you will
that every time a police officers saw an
african-american young person let's say
because that's that's where more trouble
happens with the young so let's say
every time a police a police officer saw
an african-american the african-american
made eye contact and say hey I love you
man thanks for keeping us safe now I'm
not saying that will ever happen but
just just go with me on the analogy
would that make would that make black
people safer in subsequent arrests if
every time a black police officer
encountered a black citizen and the
black citizen looked him in the eye and
said morning officer thanks for keeping
me safe today a lucky man what would
happen what would be the the logical
outcome of showing positive affection
toward the police you know what the
answer is right you know that they would
be safer because police officers being
biased like everybody else would say oh
I'm arresting one of these people who
keeps acting nice to me right it
absolutely would make a difference but
if you turn it into like that's the only
thing you need to do like that's the one
step hey how about love it just sounds
silly right it's not silly
it is not silly it is actually a very
active thing you could do and you could
do it tomorrow right it'd be pretty hard
to convince black people to do that
but if they did that if they did that it
would be insanely persuasive insanely
persuasive it's one of the best ideas
you've ever seen but because people
aren't going to quite you know embrace
it I don't know how effective it could
be the salute something about an eye
plane so he did talk about the president
should have the best airplane but here
here this was more in the context of
design and making America greater and
the fact that America should have the
good stuff we should have well-designed
cars the president should have the most
awesome airplane right because if the
president looks good we look good which
is what Kanye said without thinking
that's pretty reasonable the president
should have not just a good ordinary
plane the president's plane should be
like crazy good all right now it's crazy
good in terms of his engineering but we
don't see that part so Kanye's
suggesting that be a little more
obviously awesome because it makes a
better message the president is
supporting is you know presenting
himself as the image of the United
States a perfectly reasonable perfectly
reasonable idea right opening up
industries and tax breaks of course you
know for the inner cities industries and
tax breaks might be part of the problem
but even a bigger part of the problem
the thing that the inner cities are
missing isn't this is a lot of people
don't realize this they're not lacking
money which is the weird thing there's
plenty of money private and public to
invest in cities we're not out of money
we're out of ideas so so giving tax
breaks and you know
you know trying to spur industry by
itself that doesn't help at all right if
all you did is go to the cities and say
hey you know we're gonna give you tax
breaks you got nothing
tax rates don't get it done you need
also an ideation Center where the
community can look at the ideas and say
yeah if we did this the community would
be totally on board with it and by the
way we've we've modeled that we built a
prototype we tested it and it looks like
it can even make money or at least be
neutral so the Kanye has looked at a big
problem in which people have tried to
pick off little pieces of it like people
say well let's just do something with
taxes but you don't have all the rest of
the parts you know playing with the
taxes but nobody has an idea what to do
give us you nothing Kanye is saying I'm
gonna I'm gonna bring attention to
Chicago first but cities in general I'm
gonna bring attention so he did that
we're talking about Kanye now we're
talking about with you the things Kanye
cares about he just brought attention
that's step one attention he's talking
about tax breaks important but not
enough right you need the attention you
need the tax breaks what's the part
missing the ideation centers the part
that Kanye says he'll bring the ideas
were missing the ideas and we're missing
ideas that are that are integrally tied
to the community it's not enough to have
an idea that somebody who doesn't live
in the inner city has I can come up with
ideas that I don't know if they're good
or bad I don't know if the inner city
would embrace them so you need the
ideation Center in the city you need
them part of the community you need a
Kanye type level of power put into it
and then you're starting to look at
you're starting to see all the
components who came up with a full
suggestion of components that you need
to fix the inner cities
nobody freaking nobody nobody came up
with that before Kanye did Kanye is the
first person you've ever seen
who explained the entire solution in
conceptual terms you need the energy
he brought the energy he need the tax
breaks we could get those but they're
not enough you need you need an
investment he can bring investment
because he brought the energy you need
ideas
he said he's bringing that it's the
biggest thing that's missing and he said
I'll bring it he's bringing the biggest
thing that's missing
what did CNN report did CNN report that
one of the most important things that's
ever happened for the urban world just
happened yesterday no they saw the
circus they saw a minstrel act according
to Don Lemon all right they they
misreported this
to the point of I don't know it's like a
fiduciary you know misstep I think and
there's something about liberals
distracting black people by focusing on
racism so look at was seeing them just
misses this so what Kanye said was he
reframed the question of should Kanye be
in the room with somebody that other
people have said is a racist meaning the
president you know is that even okay all
right so that's the set up how does
Kanye respond to that he doesn't say the
president's racist the president's not a
racist he basically says we live in a
racist world am I going to let racism
hold me back me being Kanye that's the
best reframe you've ever seen right for
this this topic he took the
responsibility and of the end of the
environment he just sucked all the
responsibility out of it
it's not about President Trump it's not
about your opinion of me it's about me
and he says if it's about me I reject it
I'm not going to be I'm not going to be
limited by racism it's one of the best
answers you've ever seen how did that
get reported as one sentence one frickin
sentence that they and then they mock
him for being a minstrel act this is
disgusting like the way the CNN tried to
apply cultural gravity
on Kanye because he was really you
succeeding you know is is of frightening
it's disgusting
it's it's immoral I'm not sure that they
think of it that way so I won't
I won't put any intentions in their
hands who knows what their intentions
are but the effect of it is the effect
of it is it's really ugly all right
so watch watch others from the black
community try to put some cultural of
gravity on Kanye watch how much they try
to pull him back from succeeding now as
far as I can tell the only people who
are who are speaking out on Kanye's side
here are white people because correct me
if I'm wrong but don't most white people
root for black people do do better and I
say most I don't know 90 percent or
something like if if they if you could
go to white people and say look white
people there's a magic Genie who just
appeared and you know you've got a
yes/no question here could you do
something if you say yes they'll help
African American community to do better
I think almost all white people say yeah
we won't we want them to do better of
course we do well why wouldn't we yeah
especially Republicans Republicans are
all about the Constitution and the Bible
and and both of those documents say to
treat everybody as you would treat
yourself treat everybody equally so of
course white people what Kanye just
succeed they would like black people to
succeed but we don't know how all right
white people don't know what to do they
don't know how to do it Kanye apparently
is taking a taking a big bite out of the
problem and he might know how to do it
he is
he's describing the problem in terms of
a system and a process let's put these
things in place and let it run I'll put
my ideation centers there we'll bring in
some investment let's see what we can do
try some small trials so the other thing
that they're going after him for Konya
this is is Kanye has said we should
revoke the Thirteenth Amendment and this
of course is being reported with
puzzlement like what the hell does that
even mean and and mockery so he's being
mocked for not understanding history and
I think it is a fair statement that
maybe the point is not that clear but
that's what I want to talk about so I
will confess that I'm not a
constitutional scholar and when anybody
talks about any of the amendments I
always have to look it up so I've got to
see the exact words right so here's the
13th amendment that Kanye has said in
public a few times should be abolished
all right so here's what the amendment
says that he wants to abolish neither
slave Lee the neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude except as a
punishment for a crime where the party
has been duly convicted shall exist
within the United States or any place
subject to their jurisdiction so the way
the critics are reading this is the
first line that that slavery is banned
and they're saying wait a minute
why is Kanye opposed to banning slavery
that's the way it's being reported right
if any of you even understood what his
point was why would you get rid of the
amendment that gets rid of slavery
wouldn't that be like saying slavery is
okay wait a minute how does that make
sense did Kanye not take a history
lesson what's going on here all right
that was my first impression
because I was I was taking it off the
news reports all right now let's read
this amendment a little bit better do
you think the Thirteenth Amendment bans
slavery it doesn't the Thirteenth
Amendment says slavery is okay let me
say that again the 13th amendment puts
slavery into the Constitution
it doesn't ban it it says it's okay let
me read it again neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude except so it's the
except part that's the problematic part
right so this is what the amendment says
is okay you can be you can make somebody
a slave this is our Constitution says
this you can turn somebody into a slave
if they've been convicted of a crime did
you know that our Constitution says you
can have slavery all you have to do is
convict somebody of a crime do they have
to be guilty of the crime nope
here's the here's the fun part the
person convicted of the crime doesn't
have to be guilty they just have to be
convicted what would be a good way to
get a lot of slave labor convict a lot
of people who either had minor crimes or
more weren't guilty
what is the situation in the black
community well a lot of people getting
picked up for you know drug crimes and
everything else so in effect this prison
system has become you know at least it
by analogy you know not in a literal
sense but like a slavery and I'm
thinking to myself this is
extraordinarily clever but I don't think
it's sunk in and we'll see if we'll see
if condi takes this point further
because it's it's provocative it seems
to me that he's doing a trump move here
the Trump move is to do something so
provocative
that you can't look away and even though
the provocative thing might not be
technically historically exactly
accurate it moves your mind to a new
place and that new place is where you
wanted your mind so it's where he moves
your mind that's the thing it's not the
details of the historical accuracy you
know it's not that what does this mean
it's not it's not the details
it's where did he move your mind and
where he moved my mind is this
conversation I'm now talking about the
fact that I didn't know that the
Constitution of the United States
doesn't just allow slavery it
specifically spells it out as okay did
you know that I didn't know that did you
know that the Constitution of the United
States approves of slavery you just have
to have a conviction how hard is that
now when he says we got to get rid of
the thing that says slavery is okay
under the right conditions I'm on board
I'm on board and I don't think it's
necessarily that important that the
words and the Constitution get changed
he's moving your is moving your mind to
a place where he imagining that the the
prison system which is really what he
wants to change the prison system you
know the the sort of the
institutionalizing of black use and mass
he's saying that needs to be rethought
and he's doing it by by pairing the idea
of slavery with it in a way that
actually is pretty good if you're
serious about trying to understand the
point it's a pretty good point
all right but you should take the
Thirteenth Amendment approach these
taking this as more of the persuasion
it's more about how to move your mind
into a productive place if you're just
looking at the prison problem from the
outside and you're not a prisoner and
you don't know anybody who is what do
you say to yourself you say to yourself
well yeah be nice if it was better maybe
somebody else can work that down it's
just not my top priority right but now
what happens now Kanye has told you
that you live in the country that
explicitly approves of slavery and and
there's a disproportionate number of
black people who are in this essentially
slavery situation now you could argue
it's their own damned fault you know if
they committed a crime and they got
caught okay that's why the analogy is
now perfect right
analogies never are but in terms of how
it moved your mind pretty powerful all
right so so we watched probably one of
the most amazing feats of persuasion
that you're ever going to see you would
think that that the media would be able
to recognize it by now they've had three
years of watching Trump do it
essentially the same place and and by
the way you do recognize that Kanye's
approach is so similar to Trump's way of
operating that I don't think it's a
coincidence I think Kanye is actually
learning
I think Kanye is picking up he's picking
up you know systems and processes and
priorities and you know ways of
operating from just watching somebody's
reminding me that Pastor Brunson has
been freed from Turkey this is
interesting because so Turkey jailed
this guy was apparently a Christian and
might have been trumped-up charges so to
speak and I loved the way President
Trump
treated this now if he didn't follow
this story
let me summarize it for you turkey takes
an American pastor puts him in jail now
because he's a American Christian there
of course the the Christian leadership
in the United States sort of took up the
cause and it seems like it was a
political thing you know more so than
any kind of actual crime what did
President Trump do when Turkey took a
Christian and put him in jail
and put their finger in the eye of the
United States now keep in mind this is
one person it's just one person what did
President Trump do to Turkey for putting
one person in prison for what looked
like illegitimate reasons did the
president say well I'm not going to burn
any bridges over one person did the
president say well we'll try really hard
but you know it's just one person didn't
do that he basically slapped enough
sanctions on Turkey that my investments
in Turkey which full disclosure I have
some investments in a Turkish cellphone
company totally crashed so my
investments in Turkey went down and it
was 65 percent and when it went down 65
percent you can see the entire economy
of Turkey was just like just stomped on
for one Christian who happened to have
an American passport president Trump was
willing to take out the entire frickin
economy of Turkey for that one American
and do you know what I say I had a lot
of money on the line because I've got
big money you know invested it in Turkey
not as a percentage of my portfolio but
it's a large amount and I got crushed on
that investment I hope it'll come back
but I got crushed and I thought holy cow
this is good actually I was decided to
write it down but I thought to myself
this can actually go to zero I think he
would have taken the entire economy out
and you know what it would have cost me
a tremendous amount of money and I would
have been okay with it because there
it's not really about that one one
American right the fact that he was
willing to coldly and calculatingly take
out the entire Turkish economy who by
the way is a NATO ally it's a NATO ally
and he was willing to crash the entire
economy over one American he has my
total support
alright total support if it happens
again and there's one American in some
country that you know shouldn't be there
who is the next country gonna make a
mistake like this because what did
Turkey get out of this turkey got a
crashed economy and they still released
him what's the next country gonna do do
you think another country is going to
grab an American and keep him for no
good reason
well if they do goodbye economy because
we know what happens now
and the the thing I loved about this
especially is it didn't seem like Trump
was making a big deal about it did it
like there wasn't a lot of talk you know
he Trump said you know clearly you got
to give this guy back here's your
sanctions and then he just stood back
and waited I've told you about how Trump
likes to put time on his side so as soon
as he put the pressure on their economy
he just said alright now it's up to you
and now it's up to you if you wanted an
economy you know what to do but we're
out of it we're no longer part of your
decision so if you want to keep this guy
it's at the cost of your entire economy
do what you need to do and then he just
waited now I'm sure there was a lot
going on under the hood but the
President himself just said take an
American lose your economy okay now I'm
gonna go work on other stuff I love that
I'm gonna go work on other stuff you
know it's Europe it's your entire
economy versus one American you decide
what you want do it everyone all right
that's enough for today I'm going to go
do something else and I will talk to you
later