but I'm from pom pom pom pom pom hey J
hey Tyler Tyler you're always fast get
it on in here a UNIX Rabb hey Bo hey
Julia
hey Reverend Dan come on in here and of
course
Ziya Erica good to see you again
Michelle Tom
so grab your beverage we got a lot to
talk about but before we talk you know
what's coming it's the simultaneous up
it's the best part of the day so far
join me please grab your cup your mug
your Chellis your glass your container
fill it with your favorite beverage
coffee is the best and join me for the
simultaneous set have I become the bob
ross of periscope pretty sure i have
wasn't my plan kind of worked out that
way we will begin by talking about the
writer for the Colbert show who wrote a
tweet that got people jumpin and in the
tweet the key part was that the writer
said well you know we didn't get what we
wanted there with the Supreme Court but
at least we ruined Cavanaugh's life at
least we ruined Cavanaugh's life now
people said my god did you really say
that did you really say at least we
ruined Cavanaugh's life and so people
said you're horrible you're horrible you
writer for a Colbert you you the liberal
lefty enemy and what you all want to
know is what is my ruling and why am I
qualified to make a ruling on this at
all well I am a professional humorist
and her Excuse
exclamation I should say excuses is
biasing the the jury her explanation
her clarification was that it was
sarcasm and that the real meaning of at
least we ruined Cavanaugh's life is that
obviously we had not meaning that he
would go on to actually an excellent
life being on the Supreme Court a dream
job a better life than 99.9 percent of
the world so that was her explanation of
what it meant but when people read it
they said at least we ruined Cavanaugh's
life my god his family and everything so
what is the ruling was it a joke that
was just poorly written or was it a
serious thing that she's lying about now
and trying to get away with her her bad
taste comment I give you now my ruling
she satisfied the 48-hour rule for
clarification that is correct that this
is my invention but I suggested as a
great social a new social norm that she
said something that was provocative and
ambiguous according to some people
within 48 hours she clarified it in a
way that I as a professional
professional humorist say is plausible
plausible now the only the only reason I
would dismiss a 48 hour clarification is
if it was just ridiculous you know just
something that just was impossible to
believe which is rare
instead in 48 hours she gave an
explanation which when I look at it I go
okay if you were predisposed to thinking
that Cavanaugh had not been injured and
was going on to a very good life this
would be sarcasm and she is a
professional humorous sarcasm
you know joke writer said she she
clarified it in a way that is satisfying
to me I rule free pass free pass and if
you disagree with that
I would just you know it's fine to
disagree but I would ask you to check
your thinking and ask yourself if you
two would like the benefit of the 48
hour rule should this come your way
someday remember every time you give
somebody the the courtesy of a 48 hours
to clarify and you don't don't try to
read their mind don't try to read into
their soul just let them say what their
opinion is other people get to tell you
their opinion you don't get to read
their mind and tell them their opinion
that's not a good way to run society
because if we're blaming people for what
we imagine are their opinions were in
really bad territory but if we give
everybody 48 hours just to be clear what
they they think we're all better off
that's my ruling as you know Kanye is
going to the White House gonna meet with
Jared Kushner and the president and
apparently one of the issues is there
might be more than one issue but one of
them is training for or at least getting
jobs for ex-cons a very good issue I
think it works very well for Kanye's
portfolio if you will I would say it
went from a problem that we was easier
to ignore to one that's now a vital
because the economy is working so so
hard that if we don't have a better pool
of workers on every level for everything
we're going to be short so we have the
added economic advantage on top of what
was already a social good you know you
could argue about whether do we owe
anything to these people but it's but
certainly they were a drag on society if
they did not have them and the Kanye
approach seems productive yeah I am
going to be very amused watching Kanye
and watching you know Kim Kardashian
continue to do things which are useful
while other people are criticized
now you're just a celebrity you don't
know about the details but just watch
what happens so I would say you go
there's a good chance you're gonna be
surprised because there are just things
that Kanye can do that ordinary people
just can't do now partly because it is
Kanye you know and he's got the the fame
and the brand and the the recognition
and all that the power of persuasion
that comes with that but just I'd say
I'd say keep an open mind and watch what
happened so let me put this in context
I've said we that we're open we're
entering a golden age and the way I've
defined it that this is my own
definition of a golden age is when you
reach a point where your your restraints
or your constraints are not so much
physical anymore it's not that you don't
have money it's not that you don't have
the the know-how the thing that's
missing is the creativity because and
this will surprise most of you but smart
people tell me this is true we don't
lack money for solving these problems we
don't lack money for training convicts
we don't lack money for you know fixing
urban areas we don't really let lack
money for even fixing the blighted areas
within the cities and we don't really
lack money for even handling some of the
opioid things you know money is it's
good that money has been passed by
Congress recently President was talking
about that and I think that's a huge
good step but most of our obstacles are
not money because there are enough
billionaires the government is big
enough that if you have the right idea
it will get funded I used to do budgets
in my corporate days so I would be in
charge of the budget and and department
heads would come to me and they'd say I
need more money for X or Y and I'd say
well just put it in the form of a
business case explaining what the
benefit
and what you want to spend it for and
I'll bring it to the boss and if it's a
good idea
you'll get some more money and they had
hard time believing that money wasn't
the problem
that if they had a good explanation of
why they needed it I could I could make
it happen that we didn't have a budget
top in any meaningful way we simply had
a lack of good ideas we actually had
more money I was working for the phone
company at the time we were awash with
capital at the time and we actually had
more money than we had good ideas now
that's not a usual situation for a
corporation but it is a is becoming a
normal situation in the country that we
have more money than good ideas for how
to solve the problems with that money
what does Kanye bring to this situation
think about it name somebody who is more
creative more creative in more ways than
Kanye so he's not just creative he's
creative across fields in other words
he's mastered creating which is almost a
separate skill from music a separate
skill from design separate skill from
making sneakers a sniper separate skill
from designing homes he's he knows how
to create and if you're entering the
golden age where you have people who
really know how to do stuff you know
things that are the things you do to run
society people who have the money the
biggest gap we are having and and this
will increase over time so the value of
somebody like Kanye starts pretty big
right now but is actually even going to
get bigger because you know you need
ideas and he's use an idea person you
need to shake the box who shakes the box
better than Kanye well one person
president Trump
you can only think of one person in the
world right now I think can you think of
anybody else who would who would be like
a candidate for number two
the top box shaker in the world is
President Trump right nikki Haley
resigns somebody saying here that's
interesting we'll follow that story but
I don't have the details anyway so Kanye
is actually the right person at exactly
the right time having a meeting with the
two most right people in the world
because Jared and the president are
exactly the right people in the whole
freaking world that are the perfect
perfect people for Kanye who is the
perfect creator you know he has he has
the right intentions he has our
attention he has the skill set that's a
really good team so I'm pretty
optimistic about at least the
possibilities what they could come up
with together let's talk about North
Korea there's an expert who says might
take 10 years to fully work out the
details of denuclearizing North Korea
let's say he's right but what do you
think about the timing of when the North
Korean summit with in the United States
will happen and I'm going to make my
guests here's a prediction full full
disclosure yesterday I went to predict
it and I placed a bet so what I'm going
to say now is consistent with a bet I've
placed so full disclosure right I have
money riding on this bet not a lot of
money it's a small bet but my bet is
that the meeting with Kim will happen
this year before the end of this year
even though it's going to take a long
time to work out the details here's why
see if you follow this my best my best
predictions are the ones that have a
persuasion cover on them
you know there's something about the
persuasion element that is predictive
all right I'm no good
I would not be good as say predicting
the outcome of the house race in the
midterm that's why I've avoided it
because there are too many other
variables about who's an incumbent
what's the you know how are they
districted and you know just all kinds
of stuff that you can't you can't see I
don't have visibility on that stuff but
in in the the questions that are sort of
a one-off you know do you have a summit
yes or no and with North Korea and then
when do you do it I feel like I have a
little bit more visibility now the
common thinking is that these things
take a long time so there's no way that
it would happen before the end of the
year here's my take on it and this is a
persuasion influenced prediction the
President of the United States really
really understands the news cycle and
the importance of dominating it what
happens in December of every year well
I'll tell you in December of every year
very much like August of every year are
two months when the news stops happening
you know you could always be surprised
but as a general pattern the news stops
happening in December so if you know
that the news is just going to slow down
around Christmas what would you do if
you're president Trump and you're the
the best the best manager of persuasion
and brand we've ever seen you would make
sure that you've got Kim in in December
because if you bring North Korea into
the headlines in December you and you
get something good and I imagine that
what would come out of it would be
something like a a formal end of
hostilities there are no hostilities at
the moment by a formal and
of the legal declaration of war whatever
whatever the the actual terms for that
you know what I'm talking about so we're
still technically at a state of war with
North Korea and it might take 10 years
to work out all the details of
denuclearization and December is a slow
news month and North Korea and the
United States have already said as soon
as possible
about meeting with Kim and Trump in the
United States that looks like December
to me because December would just
dominate the news coverage because there
just wouldn't be enough competing news
and it's just a big win for North Korea
it's a big win for the world it's a big
win for the president and I think a
formal declaration of the end of
hostilities with some kind of a
declaration that yeah we've already
agreed to let inspectors in and you know
we're working on the details but
denuclearization is going in you know it
will take a long time to get that done
but we can start in December so I've
placed my bet let me say this as
carefully as possible don't ever bet
based on my predictions it just doesn't
make me feel comfortable I've met I've
personally talked to and met a number of
people who won huge amounts of money
betting on president Trump's election
because of what I said I had no idea
that was going on by the way so and I
would have tried to stop it if I had
known but there are people who bet
$100,000 you know fifty thousand dollars
there are people who made huge profits
betting on Trump because I made the
prediction I don't like you doing that I
don't like you doing that but I'll tell
you I place the bet on December or at
least by the end of the year
Kim and Trump of meeting let's talk
about something else on Twitter I saw a
I was pointed to a story about the
apparently the government must be Jeff
Sessions
and etc have identified two Chinese
citizens people who live in China who
are at the head of some drug labs that
have been sending drugs over your
fentanyl and one known person is dead at
least from a batch of that drug so we're
asking for fracking for them to be I
don't know indicted or whatever happens
when somebody's overseas and you you
name them I don't know how the process
works which I know but I've called for
China assuming that the charges check
out right I don't want anybody punished
if they're not actually guilty but
assuming the China is satisfied that
these two people are culpable I've
called for China to execute them or to
deal with it as harshly as they'd like
to and those the names and their
families of those people should be well
known within China and I'd like to see
China execute them if they don't or if
they resist I don't know what the other
option is I guess I is there any chance
that China would ever give up their
citizens for American justice I don't
even know if that's a thing I don't know
the details but if they don't cooperate
whatever that looks like in this case I
don't think we should do a trade deal
with them
III think it's important enough if there
the president said that fifty thousand
people a year are OD'ing from opioids
and we know that China is the major
source other sources being India and
Mexico but if if it's true that say
30,000 people a year are dying because
of Chinese fentanyl I think that's a big
enough issue to hold off on a trade deal
until we can get some justice now
I've seen some people on Twitter who are
pushing back on my suggestion that China
kill their drug dealers on our behalf
and to improve their reputation and no
longer be called defense at all China
which by the way is the top hashed
I'm very proud of the fact that if you
if you search for a fentanyl on Twitter
the first suggestion that comes up is
fentanyl China that was me so I've
created that hashtag and many of you
have been kind enough to amplify it and
now it's if you search for fentanyl
fentanyl China's the first the first
search term remember China doesn't like
a bad face they don't like a bad
reputation and they are a fentanyl China
unless they do something about it now on
Twitter people have and I'll say quite
fairly said wait a minute wait a minute
you can't blame the supplier and it's
not a case of blaming them it's a case
of putting friction on it and people
have said but what about abolition
abolition didn't work in the United
States when we tried to make it illegal
to have alcohol because it just became
an illegal trade and people had all the
alcohol they wanted I say the friction
almost always works and I'll give you a
counter example it is difficult to get a
fully automatic rifle in the United
States why because it's illegal and
there's a lot of friction to it I don't
know that we've seen a mass shooting
with a fully automatic weapon I can't
remember one in ten 20 years you know
I'm sure so there may be there has been
one but I can't think of one and the
semi automatics are deadly of course and
the handguns are deadly of course but
it's clear the semi-automatic weapons in
a crowd or a fully automatic weapon in
any kind of a crowded situation would be
the ultimate killing machine and people
can't get them very easily so it's
somebody says it's not illegal you're
correct
let me let me modify that it's been by
law it is very difficult to get one you
can only get one that's made before 1986
or something but you got to do some
paperwork you get a popup on on I assume
you got to pop up on the government's
you know radar just because it's changed
etc so there is friction on fully
automatics and we we note that they are
much less used in the kinds of crimes
where you would expect to use that very
tool so I think friction does work it's
the reason we have laws about anything
the reason we have laws about anything
is because friction works you get less
of it when you make it illegal but at
the same time people are saying wouldn't
it be better to make fentanyl and
opioids legal so the people who are
using them anyway because you can't
really stop an addict from getting them
somebody's gonna make it if you closed
out all the labs in China there would
just be new labs and Pakistan or some
other damn place right so that in that
point is that point is fair that the
fentanyl labs because there's money to
be made would just pop up somewhere else
but I think you work both both ways you
could certainly test and here's here's
the key point I'm gonna make you don't
have to say to yourself
let's either make drugs legal or let's
execute Chinese drug dealers or at least
you know go after them hard you don't
have to choice you don't have to choose
you can clearly do both of those things
and within the case of testing a legal
source of these same drugs while you're
trying to treat people it's a big Trump
announcement about hey Lee in three
minutes oh my god does she have a new
job there might be something having any
others really interesting we'll get back
to that but my point is you could test
the concept of free opioids in a city
you could test it locally and you could
get a pretty good idea what's happening
after maybe a year so yeah I'm not sure
if fentanyl and here's here's my
question that only an expert could ask I
am aware that let's say Portugal in
places have made it easier to get safe
and legal needles and an arrow
and it's actually been a plus so we know
that it's been tested and worked out
well for heroin I don't know if that's
the same for fentanyl because one of the
problems is that you've got a you've got
different size margins between dying on
a drug and having a good time and with
fentanyl it's a very narrow band so if
you gave if you gave some of the two
legal fentanyl pills and they were dumb
enough to take both of them they'd still
die right so I'm not sure you've been
entirely you you can't make a good
analogy between heroin and fentanyl and
say that what worked with heroin also
makes sense with fentanyl because
fentanyl is like a nuclear bomb compared
to a hand grenade so you wouldn't say
well the way you handle a hand grenade
should be the same as the way you handle
a nuclear bomb right there's such a
difference in the lethal Ness of of this
that I would want to see some experts
weigh in on whether in this special case
making a legal safe supply is even a
thing I don't even know if it's a thing
all right let's keep going you're gonna
want to watch the nikki Haley thing I'll
tell you what I'll do I'm going to turn
on I'm gonna turn on my streaming
service here and I'll keep an eye on it
and we can alright so we'll just keep
watching this keep an eye on it and when
the news goes live to the president I'll
go I'll break in okay here's a question
for you the the folks of the left are
very concerned about the court in a bed
of being too conservative and especially
about Cavanaugh we'll all turn on CNN in
a moment so I've I'm what I'm watching
it now and until the president goes live
I'll keep it off but Cavanaugh is a
special kind of judge right because he's
very strong on precedent and we're also
in a very special time of history in
which it seems to me that pretty much
all of the social issues have been
settled am I wrong
if you said to me 50 years ago let's
have a conservative Court who who is
very serious about precedent well then
you wouldn't get any of the changes that
we we Bhosle find or popular for example
if 50 years ago you'd said let's stick
with the Constitution and you know never
never get creative with it you wouldn't
have gay marriage which is I I believe
it's quite popular right popular in
terms of public support I believe there
would be lots of things that would that
you wouldn't have now I'm not gonna
argue whether those things are good or
bad that's not the conversation today
personally I think most things have
moved in the right direction but that's
not the argument the argument is this if
you like what the what has happened so
far if you like where society is it has
brought us to this at this moment and I
think it's pretty likable you know in
terms of social justice if I can use
that word not in a negative way for once
in terms of how we treat each other in
terms of fairness in terms of trying to
you know identify and eliminate little
pockets of you know abuse and unfairness
we've really come a long way and so
today if you get constitutionalists and
people who like precedent they're sort
of gonna lock that in so there's it
seems like there's a point there's a
point at which it actually makes sense
to switch from creative judges who might
be listening more liberal and they say
well the Constitution
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna leave the exact
Constitution and do what I think is
right it might be that that was a good
thing until roughly now roughly now in
our history we may have enough social
justice built into our system through
precedent that the Supreme Court has
already decided on that if you were to
sort of lock that in and and and stay
with precedent I'm not sure yeah I'm not
sure that anything's gonna change now
here's the other thing I want you to
look for the people who are telling you
that the whole Cavanaugh situation is
about Roe versus Wade there's something
missing there's another dog that isn't
barking problem with this because if the
if the top court throughout Roe vs. Wade
and this is Jeffrey Toobin Zestimate
there would be 12 states roughly because
of the polling in those states about 12
states would very quickly make it
illegal in their states I'd like to
check that assumption and and I'm
wondering why you haven't seen any
reporting on about the states you know
where are the people on the Left who
have said okay we we didn't get what we
wanted for the Supreme Court let's take
the fight to where it makes the most
difference which is these twelve states
because California is not going to make
abortion illegal New York State isn't
none of the blue states are going to do
it it's really a question of the 12-ish
states so why haven't they moved all of
their fundraising all of their efforts
why haven't they move that to the states
let me tell you why because it's
probably not about abortion I think it
might be the biggest fake because we've
ever seen I think the people might even
be internalizing it that way and say how
this is a fight for abortion but it's
really sort of a continuation of the
2016 election you know it feels to me
that abortion is starting to feel more
like what I call the fake
because a fake because is it's the
reason you give and you might even talk
to yourself into it that that's the
reason it's not the real reason the real
reason is probably tribalism it's
probably revenge
it's probably just wanting to win it's
about power etc now for me to be wrong
about that and that it really is about
Roe vs. Wade all you'd have to do is
show me look they've they've moved their
attention from the Supreme Court where
you're not gonna be able to change that
that's kind of locked in they should
have moved their attention to the states
and we should be seeing stories about
the states we should be starting seeing
stories about the governor about some of
the some of the legislation led
legislators in the states we should see
interviews with them and have them say
yeah
tomorrow I'm totally voting we should
see polls of those politicians to know
actually that those 12 would actually
make it illegal then we should see
stories about what would happen what
would happen if a state made it
illegally what are the names of the
major corporations in those states and
would those major corporations continue
operating in those states would Apple
computer for example given that its
would Google for example two good
examples would any of the tech companies
have a headquarters or a major presence
in the state that they found that
objectionable by their standards I don't
know that they would so there are smart
people and I won't tell you where this
came from but somebody who really knows
the Supreme Court once once said that
changing it at the federal level would
have no impact at the state level and
here's why
and I've said this before on periscope
that the moment a state made it illegal
that state would become a pariah with
the other states and the other major
corporations it would lose tourism it
would lose manufacturing it would lose
investment it would be enormous ly
expensive
and here's the here's the next part
after all that sacrifice that one of
these hypothetical states would make to
make it illegal the people in that state
could still get an abortion because you
know that the women who care about this
issue will organize if there's anything
we know they're gonna organize and they
will organize to make sure that the
people who need the abortion in that
state where it's illegal have the means
the funding it's gonna be a GoFundMe
situation to simply take a take an uber
across the border now it might be with
with somebody who can guide them you
know there may be caveat Stu it but you
know there's going to be an underground
railroad right because states are not so
big that you can't drive to the other
one right if it's just a drive if it's a
half a day drive to get over the state
border abortions legal everywhere even
if your state doesn't like it you know
the citizens just drive across the
border so you would have changed nothing
in your state except to greatly handicap
it financially but there would still be
the abortions so is any state gonna be
so dumb as to be the one who says well
for religious for personal for moral
reasons we're gonna make it illegal in
my state but the only net effect of that
will be to be very bad for the citizens
of the state economically because nobody
wants to deal with you or there'll be
enough people who don't want to deal
with you that it's a big hit and those
people will still get abortions they'll
just get in a car and they'll drive for
hours all you did is make it less safe
that's all you did so how much of that's
gonna happen I'm guessing not a lot so
that's how you know the whole
conversation about the Supreme Court is
illegitimate because if they're not
talking intensely about these individual
states where the where the decision will
pop down to if it gets overturned at the
top court we're not really serious about
the issue we're just using it as a fake
because all right we're still awaiting
remarks from the president while we're
waiting for that marks I want to mention
a couple things about my startup
interface by when hub for those of you
know it's an app it's already out it's
on both app stores and you can
immediately talk to an expert I'll give
you more information about that at
another time but if you're an expert in
Mandarin the language Mandarin or
opinion which I didn't even know was the
thing P i n IM I guess that's a Chinese
dialect maybe there's there's someone on
the app right now who is looking for an
expert to to teach them you know the
language so if there's somebody who can
teach Mandarin or teach pinyin sign up
as an expert it's free and you can make
money for the time that you do it so it
you would be connected by a video call
should a customer and an expert be on at
the same time and want to talk to each
other and if you don't connect on the
first time just get just signing up and
having a keyword a keyword for opinion
pin1 or a keyword Mandarin would send
out an alert to the person looking for
you to tell you next time you're online
okay so that's it so it should be good
for for learning a language I'm learning
by the way I'm learning drums online and
it really works I didn't I didn't know
that learning drums online we you know
with a teacher who's on a video call
with you I wasn't sure that would work
but it turns out it works really well
because I have a lot of questions every
time so every two weeks or so we have a
we have a call and I ask a bunch of
questions and and then I can just
practice on my own because I yeah I
don't I don't really want the teacher
looking at me while I'm practicing so I
just like to hear the techniques get the
nuance figuring out what thing I didn't
know make sure I'm clear on things hear
him play a few notes or here and play
you know some
a bit so that I can try to match it you
know a whole bunch of stuff like that so
it actually works pretty well let me ask
you a question well we're waiting for
Nikki hailey are we're waiting for the
president to say something about it
I'm considering doing this our opinion
is a way to take Chinese characters into
romanized letters okay so correction
pinyin is not a dialect it is that
something about the technique of
translating Chinese characters into
letters that we in the West would
recognize I'm thinking about doing a
Paris a special periscope in which I
would teach you persuasion it would be
an extended periscope on one topic in
which I would teach you persuasion but
it would be wrapped in the context of
persuading you to use my startup zap now
here's why I'm asking your opinion of it
as I've taught to you over time even if
you understand the technique of
persuasion even if you understand the
technique yes that works so if I do this
I would I would warn people that I'm
trying to persuade them but I'm also
teaching them persuasion so I would use
the technique then I would pause and say
here's the technique I just used on you
and I would explain it and then I would
use another technique but it would be in
the context of talking about my
company's app and I would be trying to I
would be trying to persuade you at the
same time I'm teaching you how to pitch
something like that
I'm saving lots of guesses so I'm gonna
schedule that now that'll come soon
great well I wasn't sure people would
like this idea this is much better this
is a much better response than I was
expecting
alright it looks like we don't know how
long we're gonna be waiting for the
president's remarks so I don't want to
keep you waiting here much longer
does anybody have I've got the sound off
I don't know how long it's going to take
I don't want you to just wait here while
I do that let me check my notes oh yeah
we didn't even talk about Rick Gates and
the Israeli BOTS let's talk about that
while we're waiting for the president so
the story in the New York Times I guess
that a senior campaign aide I think it
was Gates had some meetings with some
Israeli companies that offer to make
fake social media accounts and try to
influence the election the net of it is
that the Trump campaign said no thank
you I walked away so it's not really a
crime because they listen to the pitch
and they said no that's not for us and
they walked away but I saw some tweets
in which I'll see Adam Schiff I think
started off saying isn't it a
coincidence that the that the Trump
campaign asked the Israelis about a deal
that they turned down and then the
Russians coincidentally provided those
same services with the Russian BOTS to
try to influence the election isn't that
a coincidence and I thought to myself on
a persuasion level that's actually
pretty good
like if if you're if you're not trying
to deal with the facts or logic great
thing but if you're just trying to
persuade it was pretty clever to tie
that Israeli the story which does have
some meat to it there was an actual
meeting but nothing happened right but
has a little bit of meat because at
least the conversation happened right
the Russian story so far has no meat
Adan at all so what shift did was he
took two zeroes the the Russian
collusion thing is just a zero as you
know as no stickiness whatsoever it's a
zero and then he added it to the
Israelis story that you know the
campaign listened to and rejected so
that's a zero so he took two zeroes and
he added the zeroes and he said look
what I got it's a one I added two zeroes
I got a one now persuasion
that's exactly what he did in terms of
how it feels to people who were mostly
he's mostly talking to his base right he
said he's not really trying to persuade
Republicans with something like that
he's trying to persuade his base that
they still have something to worry about
with this president so he literally took
two zeros added the added them together
in public and came out with a one and I
got to say it totally worked for his
limited purpose which was to keep his
base feeling like there's something to
be suspicious of zero plus zero equals
one Schiff actually pulled that off so
I'm trying to be consistent with
separating my admiration for a technique
from whether something is moral or
ethically good I trust you all to make
your own moral and ethical decisions and
they're probably not going to be
substantially different from my own
right but technique wise you can learn
something from that he added zero and
zero and got a one
it wasn't bad at all I'm gonna give him
credit for that oh here's another
interesting thing while we're waiting
for the president to talk you saw that
the IPPC came up with new warnings about
climate change that the whole world was
going to go to hell in ten years or
twenty years or whatever and that
there's nothing we can do were already
probably past the tipping point and blah
blah but I think it was Steven Pinker
who first pointed this out that in all
the stories about this nobody mentions
nuclear power and think about that it's
a story about the world is going to the
world is going to end
yeah I'm exaggerating but the world will
have you know horrible horrible problems
and hurricanes and flooding and people
dying from droughts and everything so
it's like cataclysmic worst problem in
literally like actually literally the
worst problem in the world according to
the people who who are accepting these
projections and if it really is the
worst problem in the world and we know
this the most effective solution which
is to relax your fear about nuclear
power plants and just build more of them
because one nuclear power plant melting
down as horrible as that is is not even
close it's not even close to being as
bad as climate change so the climate
change people if they were honest and if
they meant anything they were saying
they would say in practically the same
paragraph the world is going to go to
hell because of climate change the only
solution is nuclear power because it's
true now we should certainly be working
as as fast as we can in the solar and
all the other things but I don't believe
there's any expert anywhere who believes
that we can get those things ramped up
in time so even if you prefer solar and
and wind power even if you prefer them
if you believe climate change is as dire
as the IPP C or tu whoever says if you
believe it and you also believe every
expert who says that no matter what you
do you're not going to get there fast
enough with solar and green power then
you should be saying in the same
sentence
you need nuclear power and you need a
lot of it and you need it fast because
otherwise you're not talking about risk
you're not talking about risk if you're
only talking about half of the equation
you got to throw in the solution and say
is the solution better or worse than the
risk and there's only one solution on
the table as far as I know right there
are a million things you might want to
do but there's only one thing that'll
make a map that'll make a difference the
only thing that could make a difference
fast enough is probably nuclear now that
the fast enough part assumes that it
doesn't take 20 years to approve it so
you would need to
beat up the approval you might need to
build different kinds of plants that are
safer and the same week that this
happens there's a news report I hope you
all saw this this was this was great
that they've discovered a nuclear waste
eating bacteria think about that what's
the biggest problem with nuclear power
produces waste nuclear waste or in my
spill and then the nuclear stuff gets
all over if this is true and of course
you have to have a little skepticism or
a lot of it for stories like this but if
we've actually discovered we society a
waste eating our nuclear waste eating
bacteria suddenly the the risk of power
plants nuclear power plants may have
gone from you know on a scale of one to
ten it might might have been an eight I
don't know how you'd measure that maybe
it's a ten but may have gone down to a a
two or a three
so you can't you can't have the same
conversation because it's possible that
the risk of nuclear power has gone from
pretty high to not much yeah I'm not
sure that's the case but we might be on
the verge of that being true alright I
think I've run out of topics sure I
guess that's all I got today and what
does a bacteria mutate to somebody asks
yeah maybe we do need to worry about
bacteria that becomes nuclear nuclear
bacteria I assume that that bacteria
would have spider powers what else could
use him
oh the Taylor Swift thing thank you so
you saw the president I think he was on
his way to his helicopter
or something I forget where he was but
they asked him about Taylor Swift's
comments I don't even know what the
comment was about it doesn't matter and
we definitely have the funniest
president so the president looks at the
camera and he says with that twinkle in
his eye because Taylor Swift said
something that would there was anti
administration in some way I forget what
the topic was but he goes now I like
Taylor's music 25% less okay if he had
said I like her music laughs it wouldn't
be funny if he had said well she's
entitled to her opinion that wouldn't be
funny if he said he disagreed with her
vigorously that wouldn't be funny if he
said that substantially lowers my
appreciation of her music that wouldn't
be funny but when he looked at the
camera and he said with the twinkle in
his eye that he enjoyed her music 25%
less now that is some funny stuff that
is funny because what's funny about it
is the the wrongness of the specificity
the specificity of it registers as so
immediately ridiculous
that it's just funny and it makes you
think about it more than you would
normally think about it because of the
ridiculousness on it but he also said
but he allowed this she was still 75%
talented so he's he is sort of you've
heard the term nagging where where you
sort of insult somebody it's used in the
pickup artist world you sort of insult a
woman but you give her a chance to work
her way back into your into your good
opinion so you sort of he sort of just
gave her a little ding but you know he's
sort of left room well you know you're
only 25% less enjoyable now but hey
maybe in the future you could work your
way back so that was one of the funniest
things has happened
we check me if I'm wrong but yeah check
me if I'm wrong on this but well let me
put this in a different context we have
watched president Trump be the the Dark
Horse come-from-behind candidate he is
the ultimate come-from-behind guy he's
been he's been literally bankrupt and he
came back right he is his show on you
know his apprentice show probably was
under some pressure I think it might
have been close to being cancelled or
something and then that he leaves and he
turns that into a presidential run that
it looks like he's gonna lose and that
comes back and then he gets elected and
everybody says well you got elected but
you're definitely going to be a bad
president and so he comes back and now
everything's good so we've watched we've
watched the president go through this
phase where we've seen him be a
come-from-behind sort of personality and
that's how we know him we know him as
sort of a come-from-behind personality
he's always been kind of in that mode
he's always been you know under attack
but lately he's had such a good week and
as we come toward the end of the year
you're gonna hear all of the the
year-end summaries and they're gonna
sound really good for this president
when they do the end of the year
December or summary stuff where they say
well let's look at how the president did
over the past year and then they're
gonna say the past two years it's gonna
look really good okay what we have never
seen but we're just seeing now is
President Trump as a front-runner we've
never seen that before right yeah he's a
front-runner so Matt he's a front-runner
for his reelection and he's certainly a
he's totally in a good place in terms of
managing the country right now things
are going his way and it feels like his
his more fun personality is emerging
because all of these rally
is all of these rallies are really just
stand up stand up humor and he's just
having a really good time it's obvious
when you see him he's just enjoying
himself on stage and when he said that
comment about Taylor Swift and you could
see the twinkle in his eye he looked
really relaxed like like he knows he's
in charge and things are going well now
so it feels as though they come from
behind president is now becoming the
front-runner president you know kind of
the man on top and you're gonna see a
slightly different version of him
because he gets to modify right yeah he
modifies his personality for every
situation that's one of his strengths
and you're gonna see the front-runner
Trump which is going to be hilarious I
think it's going to be hilarious in a in
a positive way it'll just be funny
waiting remarks from President Trump I
wonder what I'm very curious about Nikki
Haley's resignation I wonder if there's
something specific behind it there's I
don't see any speculation on it all
right Nikki Ellie wrote the op-ed
somebody saying I don't think so alright
I think it's gonna be too long there
we're gonna wait so I'm gonna let you
watch it on your own if there's
something about it that's world breaking
news I might come back on but I'm gonna
let you get back to it right now
I will talk to you later