hey everybody let's caught him but in
wake up wake up sleepyheads it's time
for coffee with Scott Adams well you all
know what is the worst thing in the
world it's called the corona virus worst
thing in the world but what's the best
thing in the world you're there it's the
best thing Laurel that's called the
simultaneous it doesn't take much to
participate not really not much all you
need there's a cover of mercury glass a
tanker chelators dying to contain drug
reflects vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee and
join me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine you know the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the damn pandemic it's called
the simultaneous sip and it happens now
go mmm I feel there was hospitalization
rates falling even as we sit yes indeed
so I asked a provocative question on
Twitter and I'm watching the the answers
come in and this is sort of a
head-scratcher sort of a thinker you
have to think about this one for a while
because your first instinct will be
different than what you arrived at and
it goes like this we all know and take
it as a given as do I the conservative
voices are somewhat throttled or
suppressed on social media you all agree
on that part right there's no
disagreement on the premise of the
question the conservative voices tend to
be throttled and suppressed on social
media I think we all were all on that
page but here's the question what would
be an example of some good idea that got
suppressed
in other words if we're you know the
idea of free speech is that some of it
is valuable lots of it is not you know
that's the nature of human beings a lot
of what we say has no use or as wrong or
it's misleading or it's you know evil
intentions but you don't want to ban
speech because supplement is so
important
edie on on social media we're all aware
the Conservatives get a little throttled
or sometimes outright banned and the
question is what would be some idea or
fact that we didn't get to hear because
of that now your first your first
instinct will be well if they're banning
people obviously they're suppressing
ideas because those ideas come with the
people it's the people who have the
ideas but what would be an example
because every time you come up with an
example the reason that you have the
example is because you heard it right
somebody said what about nuclear energy
as being a good idea well you know it
how come you know it I know it how do we
know it we all learned it on social
media probably you know March night are
very active on social media nobody's
nobody's suppressing him or a load blame
but this way I don't know if his tweets
are as visible as anybody else's but do
you know any conservative who is not
aware that nuclear energy is is a good
solution I don't I've never even heard
one the efficacy of vaccines efficacy
well you're talking about the danger of
them are you or are you really talking
about efficacy anyway the point is if
you can list something that you think
was suppressed was it suppressed was it
right because if you know about it if
you know about it and other
conservatives know about it wasn't
suppressed you
is the theory that I'm working on that
you can't suppress good ideas in the
long run now I'm not saying that the
situation as it stands is good I would
like to see a fix to now now I see
people mentioning specific people but B
let me be very specific my question is
not about people it's not about people I
acknowledge that individuals are getting
banned and so those individuals have
less options for free speech but if you
were to take all of those individuals
what idea is it that they're promoting
that you've not actually heard now of
course it's as someone pointed out it's
a trick question it's sort of a trick
question
because if you've heard of it well how
bad was it
it wasn't very banned if you've heard
about it and if you haven't heard about
it how would you be able to list it so
there might be something that you've
never heard of that's been banned Wow
how would you know it so here's if you
think that I'm going for a specific
outcome I'm not really it's just an
interesting thing to think about and my
my starting hypothesis is the good ideas
always do travel good ideas always
travel that's that's the Scott theory so
if you think the social media could stop
a good idea I would say you're gonna
need some examples because there may be
things that got slowed down a little bit
but I don't think you can stop a good
idea has you think about all the ideas
that I have suggested on social media a
lot of them right if you've been
watching me for a while it's mostly what
I do I talk about this new idea or that
new idea
and much of it is if not most is in some
way directly or indirectly good for
President Trump so how how throttled am
I
if I if I have an idea can I get my idea
to the people who I want to I think I
can
I believe that my all of my ideas can go
wherever I want them can you think of
anything I've ever suggested they got
throttled in social media now the best
example that that I saw in the comments
was the questions is the fine people
hoax
now the fine people hoax is a hundred
percent no that's not true
I'd say among conservatives maybe what
would you say I'd be looking for your
opinion on this maybe half of
conservatives know that that's a hoax
because it was so brought widely
reported as true that even Republicans
probably didn't know it was a hoax until
some of us started hearing on that so
for the past I don't know three years
you've watched me Steve Cortese Joe
Pollak among others debunking the fine
people Oakes the articles all get
published when Steve Cortes does a
Prager you video about it I think you
got six million views when I don't know
how many views Breitbart guests but
they're publishing the stories I'm
tweeting them you see my tweets I have
so you know we checked by a number of
users I have four hundred and
thirty-five thousand users and this week
the president retweeted me four times
the president of United States I had so
how how shadow band am i if the
President of the United States is
retweeting me four times this week
not very much right now you could argue
that some of my tweets were less visible
and that's probably true you know the
algorithm was biasing against me maybe I
shall have a million followers by now
instead of four hundred and thirty five
thousand what asked by ask yourself this
what good idea if I ever had
that didn't get where it needed to go so
I think we we make the mistake of
thinking that the the person is the idea
and they're really not you know you you
there are lots of good arguments against
banning people from social media and by
the way I think you're gonna see some
changes to that let me give you a little
prediction I think that you will see
some kind of in the future if social
media court that can listen to appeals
and say okay you know you've probably
got banned for a good reason
you you did break the law I mean you
broke the guidelines so they banned you
for a good reason
but you know five years is long enough
or whatever it's bent or let's try it
again you know you can go back but we'll
keep an eye on you so I think social
media is going to have to develop some
kind of an appeals process because I
think they recognize that otherwise they
get accused of being monopolies we don't
really mind monopolies when they do good
things we don't mind monopoly monopoly
is when they're good it's just when
they're abusive so we don't mind the the
social media giving us these great tools
so long as if somebody gets badly
treated there's some recourse so I think
the social media companies will have to
build some kind of recourse to keep the
pressure off them for be monopolies or
virtual monopolies alright I saw
somebody in the comments mentioning that
Breitbart and I think it was Joel
 who wrote about how Jake Tapper
was going to what what Joel called the
fine people hoax light you know the
light version I refer to this as the
hoax it follow when you show somebody
that their that their news about the
fine people hoax is false that
the president was clearly shown the full
transcript it's obvious he was excluding
the neo-nazis from the fight people
because he said it directly I'm not
counting them they should be rebuked
disavowed totally said but when you
debunk somebody you say no that didn't
happen
he actually said the opposite of what
you're saying he disavowed them directly
at the same time you just not showing
that part do they say oh wow I guess I
got all that wrong
I'd better changed my opinion and and
say I was wrong now no they they go down
the hoax funneled I call it to the next
level and the next level is yeah sure
they were fine people the president says
but why were they marching with Nazis
what kind of fine people marched with
Nazis can you explain that right
together marching together oh but
they're fine people but the Nazis aren't
but they're marching together
explain that okay I will
they weren't that that's just a made-up
fact it's just fake news nobody was
marching with them
the only people marching with the
neo-nazis were the neo-nazis and if
there was anybody there who didn't call
themself a neo-nazi if they were
marching with them they're neo-nazis
okay
what's all agreed on that but I have
personally interviewed people who
attended and so I know from direct
first-hand reports that there were lots
of people there for their own purposes
the people who were not the neo-nazis
never even got close to the neo-nazis
there was actually physical separation
so that those people that Jake says were
marching with the neo-nazis they
couldn't they couldn't physically get
there because the police were keeping
them away the police actually were
grabbing people on the way in and saying
uh uh come over here you're not with
those guys you're just here for your own
purposes we're gonna keep you away from
the trouble so I to people who as soon
as they got there they weren't marching
with anybody they didn't
there to see the Nazis they weren't
there to support them nothing about them
they were just there for their own
purposes the the police separated them
there were two days and in both cases
there were different people there on
both days but some of that does get
confused about what day it is etc anyway
point being that the the find people
light version is the faint news that the
so-called good people were marching with
the bad people it just didn't happen
literally never happened I made a
prediction in several weeks ago that the
food supply would be fine I like to
revisit my predictions be they right or
be they wrong because that's how we
learn if we're good at it so I told you
that I have you know enough knowledge of
the food distribution network you stolen
a couple of restaurants and I worked in
that food services businesses for years
and my sense of it was that you could
easily not easily but reliably nothing's
easy but reliably you could keep that
going you can lose specific parts of it
but there it's so redundant and so
strong I said we're not going to starve
so far so far so good right I've not
heard of anybody going hungry like
literally hungry have you and I don't
know why are we so good at you know we
received these long lines for food but
we also don't know how long you send
those lines if there's a long line for
food and the line moves pretty quickly
I don't know is that a problem or is
that the system working well so we have
a little bit of non reporting about how
many people are going literally hungry
and I kind of wonder I'm actually
concerned that maybe a sundry reported
are you not concerned about that as well
why are we hearing nothing about actual
hunger I guess it's because if by the
time you hear of it you can just say
that person are you hungry yes and they
say and the reporter would say can I buy
you a sandwich and then they wouldn't be
hungry anymore
so I think the moment that everybody
says they're hungry in the United States
in May of 2020 if your neighbor says I'm
hungry
how long does it take you to fix that
problem one minute
you're hungry why didn't you tell me
here's some food I don't think anybody's
gonna go hungry because we're just not
that kind of people and when the problem
isn't that deep because people are still
buying food so I would so I think that
so far still early but so far my
prediction that the food supply would be
secure seem solid
would you agree by the way big lineup
says some food banks yeah there are big
lineups of food banks but the good news
is there are food banks and I have not
heard that the food banks have literally
run out of food
I've heard them saying you know we'd
better get more and we could run out a
shortage doesn't necessarily imply
hunger correct every city has a food
bank yeah it looks like this this does
look like one of the success stories and
when something doesn't break you know
there's not as much a story about it but
think about how remarkable that is think
about how remarkably it's easy to focus
on all the stuff that went wrong I'll
talk about some of that but think about
the fact that this is this global
problem and you know Society was smart
enough to immediately say okay okay
these things are critical we're not
going to let this break this is critical
our medical facilities are our food
supply I think we did a good job on
priorities I think we did a good job on
ventilators food you know keeping the
hospital from getting crushed in my
opinion the United States just killed it
I shouldn't say kill but I think they
crushed it in a lot of ways from setting
priorities to make sure that they were
taken care of in a lot of ways the
United States was very
very competent not necessarily the
government I'm not saying the government
did all this I'm saying that people just
Americans you know are very competent
about a lot of stuff it's impressive
so Trump said on his Town Hall last
night by the way if you didn't watch the
Town Hall the Fox News Town Hall it was
set in front of the Lincoln Memorial
which is an impressive background but
then they had the issue of social
distancing so they you know the
President had to be far away from the
host etc and I just want to give a shout
out to the producers at Fox News because
where is that we always talk about the
on-air talent but I've said this before
but man it is just so so we're striking
that the producers at Fox News are just
really good have you noticed that did
you see that just the the visual of how
that looked it was a very tough thing to
light it was a very tough thing to get
that to get the look right because of
the social distancing requirement and I
think they nailed it
I felt like Oh somebody says they have
it oh you know you're right they had a
terrible lighting on Trump's face but I
feel like that was the natural light I
feel like was that yeah you're right
Trump's face was not well lit he looked
yeah there was a moment I notice that
but if you look at the entire set the
entire event really well done I thought
so I just like to give a shout out to
the producers because they don't get
that much credit but the the Fox News
producers are just so good let's talk
about people not paying rent or mortgage
I said I said last night I'll say again
if you lost your job
don't pay your rent and don't pay your
mortgage and I think you're going to be
ok
now you shouldn't take financial advice
from cartoonists so let me tack that on
the end of everything but it's generally
true that if you are the only person who
lost your job and you didn't pay your
rent or you didn't pay your mortgage
you're in a lot of trouble you're in
trouble because you lost your job but
you're in trouble with your landlord or
your bank that's trouble
but if 50 million people or whatever it
is don't pay their rent and don't pay
their mortgage that's not their problem
anymore
that's the bank's problem and the
landlord's problem now if the landlord
owns the building outright and has no
mortgage of their own well how much are
they going to be hurt by losing a few
months of rent quite a bit in terms of
cash quite a bit but if they own the
building and after three months people
start paying rent again probably be okay
probably and how about the banks let's
say the landlord owned had a mortgage or
people didn't pay their mortgage for the
banks could the banks survive well
here's the interesting part
they have to there's nothing that would
prevent there's nothing that would allow
us to let the big banks fail it would be
too catastrophic so the government will
you know backstop the banks and so you'd
be pushing all of the problems of you
not being able to pay your rent you not
being able to pay your mortgage this guy
this guy instead of all these individual
problems
it gets summed up and shoved over to the
banks and the banks are in the best
position to absorb enormous problems
because they have the government of the
United States making sure that they can
so that's probably just the most
efficient the way they handle the
problem is to not pay your rent don't
pay your mortgage as long as 50 million
people are doing it at the same time I
think you're gonna be okay
I would like to commit here in public
that should there ever be a situation
that comes up I don't know how it would
but if I'm ever checking anybody's
credit and it doesn't look so good and
they tell me yeah the reason my credit
score doesn't look
so good is that I didn't pay my rent or
my mortgage for three months during the
coronavirus I'm gonna say cool you're
good with me you know I don't care what
your credit agency says about you that's
their problem but if the reason you
didn't pay is because the coronavirus
doesn't count your credit is good with
me so that's that's all I can commit to
I can commit that I will never hold you
responsible for not paying your rent or
your mortgage but use your judgment all
right so Trump said the death count
might be you know a hundred thousand or
so and then there's some question
whether the official death count ever
was lower to that fifty or sixty or was
it just Trump talking about it and I'll
just go back to my general statements
about this these are not really that
accurate yeah the point the point of the
models is the point of the bottles is
not to predict they don't do that who
said I'll get pathetic or what is
pathetic we're not gonna find out
because I hate that word so I'm gonna
block you just for making a general
unpleasant comment so yeah if you're
gonna argue about the the estimates
moving from 40,000 or not sorry from
from a million to a hundred thousand to
two hundred thousand and sixty thousand
and maybe it's up to hundred thousand if
you're saying to yourself hey it's
almost like those projections are not
reliable then that out of thing then I
think you should tell yourself that's
not what they're for they're they're
just trying to tell you there's this
giant range you could be closer to the
bottom or closer to the top depending on
what you do but that's all I can tell
you and in my world 60,000 and a hundred
thousand are basically the same number
for model purposes they're in the same
range they're basically the same so if
it's 60 or it's on
thousand ninety-eight percent of the
country is going to say well you got it
wrong and I'm gonna be the 2% that says
um no that's not how models work they
got a right because you said it could be
anywhere in this range it was close to
the range good enough all right um do
you know that we still don't know why
other countries are doing better or
worse than us can you believe can you
believe that somebody's asking it how do
I know the person you blocked wasn't
remarking remarking on something else I
don't I don't so how is let's see why
don't we know how other countries are
doing and you know I talked before about
there's a an account on Twitter that I
don't know is credible I've got my a
questions about it I'm not sure I trust
it but at the other end I don't have any
reason not to because I've sort of asked
in public for anybody to debunk it and I
haven't seen it yet but the account of
simply tweets good news about
hydroxychloroquine now I don't know
maybe it's somebody involved in the
industry
somebody just cares bad I don't know but
they're they purport to be tweeting
other people's information you know
others other countries results etc I
just don't know how accurate it is so it
bothers me but but since it hasn't been
debunked in a way I've seen yet I'll
point it out and ask you to you know be
skeptical but here's one of the claims
they make apparently Israel is doing
great so Israel if you were to believe
the numbers from this one account please
fact-check me that Israel is doing a
really really well complete containing
the virus and according to this account
they also give people hydroxychloroquine
early on as soon as they've got a
suspicion that that these people have
corona virus
so is that it is that is the reason that
Israel's having a good result because
they have more generous
hydroxychloroquine prescriptions well
let me add this to the mix do you know
what the biggest company in Israel is
anybody anybody what's the biggest
company in Israel I'm not positive but I
think it's Tara
te va Tara is if it's not the biggest is
one of the biggest I think it's the
biggest and tavaa makes among other
things hydroxychloroquine check me on
that right you need a fact check all
this but I believe that Israel lives in
the country where their biggest company
in the entire country makes
hydroxychloroquine now that could be a
that could be a coincidence right what
about Germany how is Germany's numbers
Germany has done pretty well right
Germany's done pretty well what's a big
company in Germany bear
what does bear make well among other
things hydroxychloroquine how about
India people are saying that for some
reason India isn't getting hit that bad
what is the what is the country that
makes it the most hydroxychloroquine
that we consume in the United States
anyway
India India so I don't know if there's a
pattern here yet but the three countries
that I know of and I think maybe you
could add China to that right because
China probably has at least access to
hydroxychloroquine if they don't make it
they probably make it to someplace but I
would like to see somebody comparing all
the countries that are using hydroxido
not even the countries that are using it
I'll go even deeper into conspiracy land
here I'd like to see I'd like to see a
chart that shows the countries that own
in other words they have a they have a
hydroxyl chloroquine Factory
Manufacturing let's call it in their
country I'll bet you that the countries
that have their own major source of
hydroxychloroquine have the best results
anybody anybody want to take that bet
anybody want to take the bet that the
countries that have their own actually
manufacturing inside it that makes
hydroxychloroquine I'm going to bet that
they have the best results even even
without knowing how much they prescribe
it because here's my deep conspiracy
theory are you ready I'm labeling this
as a conspiracy theory just just so you
know take it too seriously if you're a
country that has hydroxychloroquine and
you know you need it for your own
population and you have your own company
that makes it in your country are you
gonna be bragging about it are you gonna
be telling everybody else that's what
you're doing are you going to tell the
world hey look at us we're making all
this drugs and it's working for us it's
too bad if we don't make enough if we
made more maybe you could have some too
but we're all sent here
somebody says France use didn't failed
that is faint news faint news France
used it on people who were already too
sick so that doesn't count
well I'd also like to know if France
makes it do they have a company that
makes it I don't know how many companies
make this there's this generic at this
point if somebody says I'll take the bet
then arrivin all of them I like this bet
so can someone can somebody do that
tweeted at me will you I'm sure that
that exists so remember the question is
not whether they have a policy to use it
the very specific question is do they
have a manufacturer in their country
because the theory is that they're
keeping a secret so if you said well
they're they don't have a policy about
using it I might say to you don't they
do they really not have a policy or you
just no no because I think the countries
they have it are using it and they may
not be bragging about it
this is what one thing so tweet that at
me if you can figure it out
I there I'll give you the bad news in
the other good news okay as I've sent
the President did it and the let's say
the country and the government did a
great job on making ventilators I give
them an A+ on ventilators now it turns
out maybe the ventilators are more bad
than good some doctors are saying yeah
maybe it's killing people instead of
saving them but at the time that they
needed to be made people assume they
were vital and I think the country
responded very good success story but I
would say this about ventilators even
though the product itself is complicated
and hard to make it's very uh it's very
easy to understand if one exists or it
doesn't and that was really the question
right do we have enough ventilators or
do we not it was kind of binary do you
have enough or you don't so I think the
government was capable of you know
wading into that situation because it
was simple can you make them yes do we
have enough not yet why don't you make
some very simple situation now imagine
the government getting involved with
test kits do you know how many test kits
there are there are hundreds of
companies that Bank hundreds of
different kinds of test kits that don't
use the same processes the same
equipment the same anything now imagine
the government trying to talk to
corporations that know they could make
immense amounts of money if the
government sort of you know agrees that
they're capable because the government
would be giving them the money
presumably for these test kits so the
government goes in and let me let me do
this in in a one-act play I will play
the government and then I'll also play
the role of the corporation and they're
talking to you this says yes we can ramp
up and make tests for you and it goes
like this hey I'm the government company
I hear you can make some test kits you
know can mix and test kits and the
company says yes we can
yeah yeah we can totally make those test
kits not probably a million a week
uh-huh
then the government says great so you
have like all the supplies and
everything you need to produce a million
a week well no we don't have the
supplies but but we could get them oh so
you can't or you cannot make a million a
week it sounds like you don't know up we
can totally do it absolutely just give
us a big check
and we'll be making those test kits all
right here's your check
I'll check with you back in a week to
see how you're doing
takes the check back in a week how do
those test kits coming well we ran into
a problem turns out we can't get the the
certain supply but we're working at it
well how long will it take you to get
that supply Oh probably just a few days
we'll have this taken care of I'll come
back in a few days
a few days later yeah it wasn't what we
thought we got some but they're
defective so we're trying again now
imagine the government trying to deal
with hundreds of corporations who are
wait for it wait for it live they're all
lying how could the government sort out
all of these corporations and startups
and everything with their test kits when
it's all super complicated and they're
all lying how do I know they're all line
because I've worked for big corporations
it was my job to lie I was a designated
liar for my corporations they would say
here's our story make this look good
and I'd say all right I'll give you a
I'll give you a TweetDeck in or not a
TweetDeck but a slide deck in a couple
days and it's gonna tell your story but
corporations don't tell the truth they
tell you a truth that they hope they can
make work somehow
there they all over-promised so in the
case of the ventilators the government
can say can I see it on the test bench
you know can I see your production
facility if I can't see it it probably
doesn't exist
can I see a ventilator if I can't see it
it's probably not real
so with ventilators I think the
government had a little bit of ability
to manage the situation with
corporations they were completely out of
their league because the corporations
are all liars and they're all too
complicated and whoever the poor bastard
was in the government who was in charge
of figuring out how to help with the
testing didn't have a chance because
everything that person heard was a lie
you know I kept saying why can't the
task force report to us how we're doing
and all these things what why are they
giving us wrong numbers they're useless
I don't need a raw number I need to know
is that half of what we need will we
have all of what we need in a week that
would be useful
that would be context but oh yeah we did
a hundred thousand tests this week
what kind for whom on what priority how
long does it take to get the result you
know who has access to that is just
useless and I've come to the opinion
that it wasn't so much because the task
force was incompetent but rather the
only people who had the information
about the tests anyway were all liars
they're just all liars so how could the
government know how many tests we had
how many we need what we should put
money into well we should push what we
should do sighs how could they possibly
know everybody they talked to was lying
I guarantee it they were all lying and
lying by lying I mean they were let's
say over-promising so yeah yeah we could
get you a hundred thousand test kits by
Tuesday I think we could do that and the
game of course is that you get the
government a little bit pregnant Tuesday
comes and goes and the government's like
how about by the weekend and then the
company says yeah
yeah by the weekend definitely have a
buy the weekend and the weekend comes
and goes right so here's my advice for
the country we should make our decisions
based on the assumption that we will not
have tests and not have vaccines that's
my advice to the country I think it's a
sucker's bet
to wait until you have you know one or
both of us to get back to work
specifically we get back to work mark so
I think we are making a bad bad
strategic mistake if we're saying that
our decisions will depend on tests
because we would wait forever and
vaccines because there's no strong I
know I don't have a strong opinion that
they're coming certainly I don't have a
strong opinion they'll be here by the
end of the year maybe we'll have one
someday two years five years I don't
know who knows s has been pointed out by
others I think half of the deaths in
this country were from nursing homes can
somebody check that I don't know if it's
half but it's some big number how hard
would it be to take whatever tests we
have and just use them all in the
nursing homes what if we just say
nursing homes you can't even walk in
until you have an instant test because
we do have some tests that are like the
five-minute types tell me why we don't
already have a situation where every
employee every visitor gets a test or
they just can't come in I mean we should
be able to lock down the nursing homes a
hundred percent you know if we can't
lock them down because they're so
contained it's not like it's not like
the residents are leaving only the
employees are how hard would it be to
test them everything I don't know for a
while anyway
because I know we have enough tests to
do that
we just don't have enough much as we
need so if you could cut the deaths in
half just by taking care of the nursing
homes apparently we're learning a lot
about intubation and ventilators and you
know there's a nasal cannula it's called
and it's been
the ventilators to keep you alive and
you know maybe some of the meds will
keep you alive I think we just have to
make the decision without testing and
without vaccines in the decision-making
that's me all right here's some good
news well some good news how about some
good news that's why you come here for
the good news so I didn't notice until
this morning that apparently Ivanka
Trump had retweeted one of my tweets
from two weeks ago in which I had said
that the coming two weeks which is we're
sort of at the end of it now that there
would be immense breakthroughs and
creative inventions and entrepreneurial
breakthroughs and it would be
breathtaking did that happen
do it do we have breathtaking news of
new advancements I would say yes we
don't know which ones will actually move
the needle but man there's a lot of
advancements here's some fun ones
apparently antibodies are not created
equal according to dr. Sanjay Gupta that
you might have weak antibodies or you
might have strong antibodies it could
vary by person but if you find somebody
who had a really good antibodies
somebody would just you know whack the
coronavirus with their own body without
any help you can you can find the good
ones and you can take them out and you
can put them in the test tube and you
can see how quickly it kills the viruses
so you can test very specifically
whether your antibodies or mine are the
good ones now you take the good ones and
then there's this process called
monoclonal antibodies where they can
clone the best antibodies so you find
who has strong ones you clone them
what's the problem with that the problem
is the problem is that's expensive but
how much would rich people pay to get
super antibodies a lot so usually the
way you solve things that are too
expensive is you sell it to rich people
first overcharge them because they're
willing to pay
we used to call this the dumb rich the
stupid rich category cuz little over pay
for stuff in business we told them the
dumb rich and the dumb rich will buy it
and then a dry can drive down the price
for people who follow I would buy I
would overpay for monoclonal antibodies
so if you could give me some really
really good antibodies tomorrow I'd pay
a lot for that and if I have to overpay
because I can afford it at the moment if
that brings down the price for other
people suppose you told me I had to pay
twice as much so I could fund somebody
else to get it too I might do that well
I definitely would do that
so there may be a way this monoclonal
antibodies could be like the magic
bullet but there could be some issue
with scaling it up I don't know what
that is but it sounds like an
engineering problem doesn't it here's a
little advice for you if you're trying
to predict the future and you've got
scientists saying hey I think we could
do this versus an engineer saying hey I
think we can do this
which one is reliable the scientists are
saying yeah I got a good feeling this
will work or the engineer who just has
to build something with known technology
always bet on the engineer so if it
turns out that these monoclonal
antibodies are a big deal probably the
problem is making enough of it
inexpensively that feels like an
engineering problem not a science
problem right if it's an engineering
problem you could be amazed how quickly
and efficiently that gets solved because
I don't think anybody is really working
on it up till now because it hasn't been
a big need for it but if we need these
monoclonal antibodies and the only thing
preventing us from having enough is
engineering
I tell you engineers are the most
underappreciated skill somebody says hey
us engineers engineers are the
superstars of civilization you know
scientists can all the credit right
the sexy discoveries and you could have
scientists were famous you don't have as
many famous engineers but engineers are
the ones who build society they they
take the science science stuff and make
your work so if the only thing keeping
us from solving this is engineering
we're in good shape that that's the
problem you want the problem you want is
the one where you've got all the money
in the world to solve it because we
would you know just open the wallet for
anything that worked all the money in
the world all the attention focused
priority in the world and the only thing
you need is engineers that's good news
that's the best news you'll ever hear
because if it's down to the engineers
you win because the engineers had to do
engineering they know how to do this
stuff all right so that's good news
here's some more good news I had I had
told you some of you may remember that
after 9/11 the government challenged its
laboratories to find a quick way to you
know quickly inexpensively test
biological agents in the field so the
task was create something portable
inexpensive that you can make a lot of
them and you could easily test if
something if there was some suspicion of
biological warfare or anthrax or
something you could just quickly test
people in the field now the technology
that was developed to do that is
licensable to private companies because
when the government invents something
they make those they make those licenses
available so that there they don't have
a monopoly on it and I had seen a bunch
of startups that were using that very
technology and this was a few years ago
so I can imagine how much advance that
much better it is now so here's the news
that DARPA the u.s. is most advanced
military agency has designed to
coronavirus test that it can identify
identify people before they become
infectious before they become infectious
and I think it's a quick test as well
and it's described as a potential
game-changer of course we say that but
everything that sounds good and it came
from a project that the Defense Advanced
Research Project DARPA that was
initially designed for diagnosing those
who had become poisoned by germ or
chemical warfare I think that's what I
was talking about I think this is the
technology that came out of that 911 and
the anthrax worries etc it's the one
hour's waiting for and I assumed that
some of the startups that are doing
stuff we're using that technology but
and it was repurposed for the corona
virus blah blah blah so it may be able
to detect the presence of the virus as
little as 24 hours after a person is
infected unbelievable food who makes
these devices engineers engineers right
we have a problem that is completely
susceptible to engineering and it has
now been reduced to an engineering
problem if you're gonna bat it along
humans and say okay humans you're having
a war with this virus if the humans best
fighters are the scientists you don't
know right scientists might invent
something in time they might not but
once you've moved the move the fight
over to the engineers engineers at
versus virus it's over it's over the
engineers are gonna crush the virus
might take a little time but it's
guaranteed
once the engineers are the main fighters
it's guaranteed all right here's
something else interesting a program at
the University of Pennsylvania's School
of Veterinary Medicine they're training
dogs to sniff the virus and apparently
there is reason to believe that that's
doable so they don't know yet so they're
testing
they're testing various dogs but do you
know how much of a big deal that would
make imagine if you can actually train
dogs to sniff out the virus that lets
you have big events again
suddenly big events are possible because
you just have the dog walked down the
line and sniff everybody pull the people
outta line that are problem you're good
to go
so you could easily imagine that dogs
save the world which would be of all the
potential solutions we probably have ten
different ways this could get solved and
probably all of them will make a little
bit of difference it won't be one magic
bullet but wouldn't it be cool if the
magic bullet was the dogs wouldn't that
be cool dogs
save humanity I mean save us from this
anyway and then you know suddenly bring
your dog to work makes a lot of sense so
these are really exciting this new test
that can find it before your infectious
dogs that might be able to sniff it
monoclonal antibodies that you know give
me a price if the only problem is that
it's expensive give me a price might not
be too expensive for me and if I can
help drive down the price for the next
guy I'll do that I mean so these are big
big things now you know but I think part
of the reason that Ivanka retweeted me
when I said that the next few weeks
would have all these amazing things is I
think she might see them before you do
you know she may have known because
she's just closer to the source of her
information she may have known that this
next two weeks were gonna be before the
ages I mean just incredible and it
started to look that way and I don't
think it's gonna stop the next month
will be just ridiculous so that's the
good news
the good news is engineers will save the
world
if not dogs dogs and engineers I'd bet
on all right is there any story that
I've forgotten today an engineer with a
dog BAM Kovac doesn't stand a chance
you're right
somebody says temperature changes
might be most reliable Oh for detecting
it yeah
it could be we the other thing that's
happening that could be a gigantic deal
is there in a number of places people
are being tested for genetic
susceptibility so imagine we could find
all the people who have a genetic
susceptibility on top of any
comorbidities just you know in addition
to that if we could find the people who
are most susceptible genetically then
suddenly the the need for 300 million
tests might go down to ten million tests
overnight because if we find out oh it's
easy to do a genetic test we'll just
genetically test anybody who wants it
and then you could easily tell which
ones are the susceptible ones and then
you could easily prioritize your your
testing and your your meds and new
treatments and stuff for the people who
matter or they can sell faisal a better
etc so I would think that widespread
ability to test DNA especially given
that many of us including me have
already had our DNA tested so it could
be that all I have to do is download my
23andme data which apparently I could do
I can just download it use it for other
stuff all I have to do is download it
upload it to some other sites someday in
the future that other site says yeah
looks like you don't have that risk
where you do they act appropriately
all right can we all agree as a people
to stipulate that we no longer need to
say we want to open up the economy but
safely can we can we just say but safely
after everything just agree that we all
we all know it has to be safe somebody's
asking me about my intruder yesterday
turned out to be the cat my dog
sometimes see the cat often the shadows
and then will bark like it's an intruder
so I cut my periscope short last night
because the dog was doing her
tuturro bark which is very distinct but
it was the cap is the stock market going
to crash again could I I'm actually
surprised the stock market is as high as
it is if I had to guess I would have
guessed it would you know maybe not have
gone up as much as a debt it wouldn't
surprise me if it drifts back down
another 10% I don't think anything the
stock market does in the next few months
tells you anything doesn't tell you
what's happened but I here let me give
you one piece of advice that's financial
advice that I will I will put my
credibility on that the stock market of
the United States a diversified
portfolio of stocks from the United
States will perform well in the long run
so if you're buying and selling in the
short run well that's just gambling but
if you decide to hold it for the long
run almost certainly nothing's 100% in
this world but as close as you can get
to certainty that would be a right move
I for one when the stock market crashed
took every penny of cash that I had
available and bought Amazon stock
because it was one of those few times in
the world where it was obvious what to
do
usually with investing you're just
guessing but with the stock market when
every stock crashes and Amazon is one of
them and Amazon is obviously the one
that's gonna make more money not less
you didn't really have to wonder if that
was a good idea it was alright even
Warren Buffett is getting whacked but
he'll be back
Elon says Tesla is too pricey I love it
when he does that he's not wrong by the
way the the thing that's funny about it
is they it's true that you know when
Tesla when Elon Musk says these prices
overstocked it's probably true all right
probably
somebody says Scott boy it was odd it is
laughing me port as well if you'd like
to feel better my my career is probably
over in terms of cartooning I would
expect that most if not all of the local
newspapers will be out of business by
the end of the year cuz they depend on
advertisement and their margins were
shrinking and shrinking anyway so is you
know everybody do the physical
newspapers were gonna go away but this
this accelerated trends as an
accelerated many trends so I like most
of you I will be looking for a new form
of employment pretty soon I assume I
mean I could be wrong but I'm assuming
that snapchat yeah I did my snapchat a
while ago - what - snapchat go down
today snapchats just go just going crazy
it's like way up way down let's see what
snapchat did today Oh snapchats up ok
not bad alright so like most of you I
got you know whacked by the financial
stuff but not nearly as badly as people
who had less so I'm not going to
complain because I've been better shape
than 99% of the world but it also is
also true that my career is probably
over and it wasn't my choice
Dilbert the movie I don't think so I
don't think I could make a Dilbert movie
so he says James Woods is missing in
action I don't know about that no I
don't think I could make a Dilbert movie
because I'm too unliked
by a certain large group in Hollywood
and I doubt I can't get that done
alright left here you compare that this
time to 1968 Hong Kong flu I don't know
enough about it
just looking at your comments all right
do you ever get speaking engagements
anymore well I actually I believe it or
not I got some speaking engagement
requests during the coronavirus that
would have been digital I chose not to
do them but I don't get many speaking
engagements or I didn't prior to this
all right
that's all I got for now and I'll talk
to you tonight tonight
you don't where will see you that