well there you
are good morning everybody I'm still
trying to figure out this whole time lag
thing because there's a a story going on
that when I start people don't see
it but they're commenting already which
would suggest they do see it so how is
it that you can't see it but you're
commenting on it I don't know I'll never
figure it out however you have found
coffee with Scott Adams probably the
best part of your entire
life if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels that nobody can
even understand all you need for that is
a cup or a mug or a glass a tanker chal
a canteen suar flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like cfee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure of the dope mean of
the day the thing makes everything
better it's called Silent up it happens
now go
so
good all right ladies and gentlemen I
see you're all bickering about whether
the video works or not and the answer is
it works fine so you might have to open
or close your app or something but it is
working
fine well here's an update on all the
things our food supply Supply is still
poison and now if you've been eating
shrimp and lobster uh Beware it might
have a lot of forever chemicals in
it now in my town you have to watch out
for the uh forever chemicals and the
water supply so the main water supply
had some forever chemicals but it's okay
because you could drink out of a plastic
water bottle um okay that also has
forever chemicals in it so don't eat any
uh fish or drink any water or have any
any form of uh processed foods
you'll be fine you'll be fine basically
you should grow and butcher your own cow
and eat it raw because don't overcook it
that'll get you cancer too
mhm well a some scientists at uh n us
wherever that is uh they think they
found the missing link between poor diet
and cancer so something about too much
sugar in your diet I think causes the
chemical methyl
oh I think I nailed that methyl glal
methyl glal methyl methyl gloal I think
that's what it is but that gets
stimulated by I don't know Poe diet and
then that gives you cancer so I think
Poe diet gives you
Alzheimer's because now they're calling
Alzheimer's um type 3
diabetes you see the pattern yet let's
see uh sugar is bad for your heart
that's cancer gives you Alzheimer's
basically sugar is 100% of the things
that kills you and Seed oils and
processed foods and all that stuff yeah
bad diet is basically behind most of the
cause of
death there's a revolutionary new
Quantum material that could double solar
efficiency so scientists at Lehi think
they're going to double it how many
times have you heard that somebody
figured out how to double the efficiency
of a Sol
panel almost as often as you've heard
that cancer has been
cured is that a sort of a at least once
a week somebody sure they they cured
cancer in a mouse but it didn't work on
us and they made their solar panels
twice as good but they really couldn't
manufacture it so the these stories tend
to be disappointing in the long run but
maybe
maybe there's a story they did a study
about chat Bots and to see if the chat
Bots could persuade somebody away from a
conspiracy
theory and they found that they could uh
decrease the belief and conspiracy
theories by 20% if the chatbot work
through it
20% now that would be
20% without any persuasion
training how good could it be if I Tau
it to
persuade feel like it'd be a lot better
than than 20% but I also wonder if the
reason that a chatbot can change
people's minds is that they believe the
chatbot is not lying to them of course
they're wrong because it is lying to
them but they would think that the
machine is not lying and the Machine is
not trying to put one over on them
because it's not like a person you know
if a Democrat and a republican get in
the debate you're automatically assuming
you're lying to me it's a trick you're
gaslighting me but if it's a
computer maybe you don't realized that
the gaslighter is just the one who
programmed it so so you're fooled into
thinking you're talking to just the
computer instead of the programmer and
maybe maybe that makes
you you more able to be flexible I don't
know we'll see about that Stephen King
is uh posting on X he says uh Radical
Republicans in the House of
Representatives are essentially killing
Ukraine as one Conservative Republican
comment commentator said um Putin must
be pinching
himself now does it seem odd to you that
Stephen King cares so much about
Ukraine what's up with
that this is the sort of thing that
makes me wonder how many of our uh major
celebrities are just working with or
for you know our own intelligence people
as part of the the way to get the public
on their side because do you think
Stephen King really cares about Ukraine
like did he wake up and say oh Ukraine's
my big issue or do he just think he says
that
because somebody he likes or wants to
make happy wants him to say it I don't
know I there there's some voices that
you hear that just don't look organic he
would be one of
them uh Mexico is allegely trying to buy
some technology some scanning stuff I
guess to combat fenel traffic
so they they want to buy a billion
dollars with the scanning stuff to
really really crack down on that fenel
do you believe
that do you believe that that that
Mexico they're going to try really hard
to crack down on the fenel I don't
believe that to me it looks like they
found a way to launder a billion dollars
or somebody's going to take a cut of the
billion dollars or I don't think it's
going to I think the only Sentinel
that'll catch will be that border
crossing
areas and probably it's not a big deal
to bring it in another way so I think
it'll have no impact on the cartels and
somebody probably can dip their beak in
that all right so I've got a question
about mail and ballots you know as we
know there have been stories of
individual ballots you know maybe not
being delivered and maybe there's one
male person who's a bad egg that sort of
thing but not we haven't discovered any
like
massive problem that a court has
confirmed would change an election
however I have this
question would it not be true that if
you're mailing in your
ballots that at some point they have to
be collected to be delivered to the mail
ballot counting
centers so doesn't that mean that some
point in the process there's a big old
bag of ballots and you know where they
came from
that you know what district they came
from for example what a zip code and
would you know because you almost always
know if most of the voters in that area
are going to vote red or
blue so what would stop somebody from
just throwing away the red
ones
what what what would stop it it is our
mail uh monitored by video security at
all times in other words is is every
processing center and every truck does
it all have some video on it and at some
point it has to go in the truck right at
some point it gets loaded in a truck and
then the truck takes it to a place is
there a camera in the
truck does the male person wear a body
cam if something fell off a truck how
would anybody know how in the world do
we imagine our elections are secure when
the mailman can throw away a bag of mail
how would you ever
know now I think if the male people
threw away you know all of the mail from
one ZIP code you'd know but what if they
just uh got rid of
10% you know it's a it's a tight air
tight race they just throw away 10% of
the ballots from the red zones would
that be
enough probably and if you found there
were 10% lower votes than there had been
historically would you say well that's
proof it was rigged no no instead you'd
say well it looks like that one person
campaigned a little bit better in this
area well you know Biden visited
Wisconsin more than Trump so obviously
you got a little extra this time you
would never know would
you all right somebody says chain of
custody allows you to check to see if
your ballot was received now I believe
there are some districts that have that
and some that don't now suppose you're
in a district that you can check to to
see if your ballot was received how many
people
check how many senior citizen check to
see if their ballot was
received
5% what if 5% check and several of them
find that their ballot was not received
how is that treated is it treated like
there's a big problem or just maybe I
don't know one ballot didn't get there I
I've got a feeling that the way the
system is designed that that not many
people would notice because they're not
get a check they wouldn't know how to
check and if they did check they
wouldn't necessarily know what to do
about it they wouldn't know who to call
they might just say well I guess I
didn't get through and then if somebody
did complain where would the complaint
go then who would do anything about
it do do we have this gigantic hole in
our in our voting system that we can all
see that's what it looks like I mean it
doesn't even look like there's a serious
attempt to make a to make the election
Fair that's what it looks
like so uh president Trump had uh
speaker Mike Johnson down there at maral
Aro I guess and Johnson announced that
they're going to try some uh legislation
so that you can't vote in the United
States unless you're a
citizen and as somebody in the comment
said wait a minute that's not already a
thing it kind of snuck up on you didn't
it uh the why do you even need this
legislation that's because of the states
right individual states are going to
allow it so they the federal government
would have to block the States from
doing it
so uh here's what I like I don't expect
any specific legislation ever to be
approved but I love the fact that
they're going to put the Democrats on
record put the Democrats on record for
saying you don't have to be a citizen to
vote how many people do you think are in
FA favor of that like as a percentage of
the public what percentage of the public
thinks that people who just got here
should
vote it's pretty low it's got to be less
than
20% and I don't think it'll pass I don't
think it'll pass because I think this is
um a brilliant
play really to show that this that the
election is intended to be rigged I
think it's intended to be rigged and
that the bringing in the non-citizens is
you know a big part of it so I would say
this is a great
play but I'm going to predict that it
gets that the legislation is rejected by
every
Democrat and they'll make up some kind
of story about how oh this is how the
Republicans are going to cheat you know
they'll make up some crazy story and
then 100% of them will vote against it
100% will vote against 80% of the public
wanting something
and they'll just and life will just go
on like that was okay like we're oh yeah
fine yeah
whatever well the Insurrection narrative
is uh nearly dead at least among
thinking people apparently there are
more whistleblowers coming
forward confirming that Trump did want
to deploy the uh the National Guard on
January 6 and that he was turned down by
the
military
H H the
military you know the military who whose
generals Trump insulted the military who
didn't care for him because he thought
the generals were dopes that military
decided to do something that would
basically kill his chances of
reelection looks like a military coup to
me if that's true but uh nobody will go
to jail of course even though it looks
like it certainly and and there's
evidence that the January 6 committee uh
ignored these whistleblowers and
evidence that Trump wanted security
there because if Trump wanted security
it's very clear that he did not want an
Insurrection because you don't you don't
form a military to fight against
yourself the the Insurrection thing is
so dumb that honestly anybody who
believes there was an Insurrection
attempt you are deeply
brainwashed th this is the most obvious
brainwashing in the country right now I
mean really this is really obvious that
that this was a
op and I would like to see all the uh
committee members on the January 6
committee I think they should be in jail
do you
agree I think what they did effectively
is a coup because they tried to get rid
of a president based on
made up stuff and stuff they decided to
leave out that they knew would be
exculpatory yeah I think they should all
be in jail at least the chairperson
should be in
jail all right uh MSNBC The Clown show
continues this is one of my favorite
ones so I guess ma was doing an
interview with US Representative Jim
kurn and it was on the the topic of
whether uh whether there's too much
inflation and whether the Biden
Administration is just and and keep in
mind that M used this word m said on
MSNBC that if the public feels like
they're being gas lit on inflation M
said that Ma on Morning Joe on MSNBC
said to klyburn the voters feel like
they're being
gaslit on
inflation well to his credit James cber
Jim kurn was not going to be uh affected
by the fact that it's obvious it's
gaslighting so he went into his
gaslighting oh it's all oh no
inflation's actually very good oh yeah
inflation's so good uh it must be I
guess you're looking in the wrong hole
for it uh maybe you're confused uh I
guess the news is not covering it
properly uh because uh certainly there's
no inflation uh excuse me we've got to
cut away for some uh breaking news
this really happened the breaking news
is that inflation was much
higher as he was
gaslighting so so she sets him up and
says you know the public is worried
they're getting gas lit he goes into
full gaslighting mode and then they cut
him
off to tell you that the breaking news
is that inflation is higher than
expected delicious
delicious and then and then they just
keep him hanging
there they keep him hanging there so
that you can tell he's been totally
faced in public now this is on
MSNBC so even MSNBC can't keep up the
gaslighting they they basically said all
right we can't we can't carry this water
this is like way this is crazy now so
they're out even n NBC couldn't couldn't
keep it up so that's
hilarious well here's something I
thought I'd never say and I hope I never
have to say it
again
wow Adam Schiff is doing something I
don't hate
I oh god oh it hurts it hurts so bad
yeah Adam shiff is looking at some
legislation to protect copyright holders
and creators from
AI scooping up all their intellectual
property and using it without permission
now since I'm a copyright holder and
creator that sounds positive but as
David saaks was pointing out it might be
too soon for this because the courts or
somebody needs to figure out what fair
use is in this
situation and as sax points out that if
you're a human being you can read you
know you can read copyrighted stuff and
then talk about it I'm doing it right
now so I I look at copyrighted news
reports and then once I've learned what
they told me I'm now somebody who knows
the truth or knows the news and then I
tell you the
news so I'm basically doing what AI is
doing reading other people's
intellectual property and then
summarizing in adding my own spin to it
so then it's my own and that's legal
that's fair use but why can't a computer
do that why can't a computer read
everything that I've ever said and then
once it knows it it could just say it
because humans do that humans read my
advice and then they just make it their
own advice and they do reals and they
just give my advice it's completely
legal because once they've read the
advice it's something that they know too
so they just say it in their own words
completely legal and by the way I
wouldn't I wouldn't change that because
you know I say things so that people can
use them not so that I'm the only one
who could say
it so I think Adam Schiff has a little
bit of a uh right let's say thought
about it because you know he represents
California California has the big
Hollywood Studios and a lot of copyright
IP kind of people so he's representing
his State and um although I don't know
that he has the right solution yet um as
sax says or there probably will be some
kind of a list of um or maybe I think
shiff was trying to require that people
uh said where they trained their
AI I'd like that I'd love to know if one
of the AIS trains specifically on my
books or my my stuff now what I do about
it is the second thing which is separate
from knowing if it happened so knowing
if it happened feels us
what you do about it still to be
determined I think the free market would
work it out and that uh I think the big
AI companies having probably lots of
resources would be happy to have this
because then they could just pay pay for
the rights you know with some reasonable
market value
and probably they'd be happier because
then they don't get sued they wouldn't
have to worry about it yeah we're just
paying you so no problem
well uh the uh government Accounting
Office GAO said that uh faculty and
colleges are not as diverse as the uh
students so I guess the student
population is pretty close to matching
the public but uh the the
professors and the uh yeah the faculty
are not as diverse so now they're going
to have to get some extra Dei in there
to make them make those professors more
diverse and two-thirds of us colleges
and universities require Dei classes to
graduate wouldn't you like to know which
ones those
are what wouldn't you like to know if
you're if you're uh talking to a
candidate wouldn't you like to know if
their brain got rotted by
Dei wouldn't you like to know if
somebody had not been exposed to it
because they're more like a pure pure
blood let's use pure blood for somebody
who has not been polluted by Dei Dei
philosophy so I think that information
in the free market could kill Dei all
you have to do is force people to put on
the
resume force it yeah businesses could do
this I need to see if you've been
trained on Dei then people would think
oh they love Dei I'll put that on there
and then you say ah fooled you I'm
looking for people who didn't trade on
Dei
fooled you into saying you
did all right there was a mass stabber
in
Australia uh I guess the the interest in
this stabbed a bunch of people at a mall
uh some of them died and a female police
officer waxed them good just took him
out a female police officer shot him
took him down that's the whole story but
uh zubie who used to live in the UK now
is living in the Middle East
um was posting about uh I guess there
are a lot of phones getting stolen in
the UK now in London uh in London 2,000
iPhones have been reported stolen what
this can't be right I think I read this
wrong the first time 2,000 iPhones in
London are being reported
stolen per
day per day the first time I read this I
thought it was maybe month or year 2,000
iPhones are stolen
just in London just in
London per
day per
day 2,000 iPhones and you know we're not
talking about iPhones that were left on
the
counter we're talking about 2,000
iPhones taken out of people's hands
taken out of their
hands on the
streets 2,000 per
day apparently they're like you know
biker M motorcycle gangs that just pull
up and take your
phone
so zubie said in response to that story
he said people criticize me for not
wanting to live with this meaning
because he Liv moved to another country
and he says he hopes that these are
caught Etc and then he says that that
the UK have been brainwashed to be
tolerant to criminals and
predators so let me say to zubie one of
my favorite
people he got the F out of there didn't
he so why would he hang around when the
crime is terrible and he can
leave yeah leaving is a
superpower so the the most important
thing I did for My Career Success is the
moment I got into of college I
left because where I was there was very
little opportunity economic
and where I went to there was a lot I
went to the Bay area so I specifically
went from a a low possibility to a high
possibility and that worked out pretty
well and zubie is sort of taking the
same philosophy that why would I live in
a place where 2,000 phones per day are
taken out of people's hands if I could
go where it doesn't happen so we went
where it doesn't happen solved his own
problem good idea if you're in a place
that uh is no longer friendly to you for
whatever reason you should get the F out
of there and he
did well we wonder what uh Mike Johnson
heard from our intelligence people when
he reversed himself on fisa and needing
a warrant to get it so as you know
fisa apparently does not require a
warrant now I may have some of the
details wrong but the idea is that uh
the fisa stuff um the abuses seem like
they're just as likely now as they were
and we know the abuses were like wild so
that didn't get fixed but why what
exactly was that
talk and here's the second
question since uh Mike Johnson is saying
now he's going to concentrate on getting
funding for
Ukraine do you think that the
intelligence people also talked to him
about Ukraine either then or a different
time and said uh uh here's the real play
on
Ukraine if we don't conquer Russia and
steal all their energy we have no way of
surviving our own
debt I'm I'm just guessing I have no
reason to think he said that but what
what could he know that we don't
know and then here's the more disturbing
part if it's true that the way our
system works is that when the a leader
in Congress or a president gets an
office that for for the first time
they're taken to this secret skiff and
they're told the real truth about I
guess
everything and what happens if they
change their policy because they've
heard the secret stuff that they can't
tell
you well you'd say to yourself well
that's a that's actually a good system
because you don't want everybody to know
the secrets but as long as you trust
your leaders and they've heard the the
secrets they're making the right DEC
decisions for you because you you chose
the right person right so as long as
you're comfortable with the leader
you're probably also comfortable that
they know secret stuff and they're
making decisions that it's not obvious
to you why they do that but it's because
of the secret
stuff you realize that means we're not
any kind of a republic right we're not a
democracy or a Democratic federal
republic or
anything here's here's what that really
means
when a Mike Johnson or any president
gets the secret briefing how could that
leader know that what they're being told
is true and in the proper
context they have no way of
knowing so that means if our
intelligence people like where the
policies are going they just stay
quiet because they're getting what they
want but if they don't like the policies
they can pull the leaders in and say
look at this secret stuff that you can't
talk about and you got to change your
change your policy because of the secret
stuff what does the leader do do they
then audit the source of the information
of course not because even the leaders
can't be told how this how the
information was gathered oh well yeah
you can't really talk to the spy who got
this information because uh you know
then you'd know who the Spy was we would
that wouldn't make sense so you have to
trust us that there's secret information
and that we told it to you
correctly you do understand that that
means with no doubt whatsoever and right
in front of you and Mike Johnson
confirmed it that the intelligence
people are running the
country that's not
speculation that happened right in front
of you it's public it's public because
Mike Johnson said once I looked at the
secret stuff I changed my
mind that means the intelligence people
are in
charge because he Mike Johnson has no
way of knowing if that stuff is real or
not real and they are
literally trained professional
Liars it's what they do for their
profession they lie to
people so how in the world could you
ever imagine that the the leaders that
you elected are running anything they're
only running things that nobody cares
about like they're naming post offices
and you know and approving stamps but if
it comes to
War I think they get the secret briefing
well you know we can't tell you where we
found this sound but I can guarantee you
if you don't fund Ukraine uh Putin's
already planning to Nuke us what oh yeah
he's going to Nuke us if you don't
approve funding well I don't even
understand how those two things are
connected and make it make sense oh I
wish it could I wish I could explain
further but secret secret methods and
sources yeah
so we literally know with no there's no
ambiguity anymore that there's nothing
I'm saying that is even a little bit a
secret my Johnson told us why would he
tell us if it were not
true anyway so that's how your country
is being led Thomas Massie says this is
how elections are being stolen he says
uh in a post on X he says here's how
elections are stolen you elect a
congressman and it goes to DC where the
establishment steals the voting card you
trusted him
with the establishment steals the voting
card you entrusted him with let me
interpret that for
you when speaker Johnson sees the secret
stuff he says to the other people hey I
saw the secret stuff and you better
trust me they say I don't want to make
the speaker mad because I'll never get a
like good committee assignment and it'll
be really terrible for me so I'm just
going to go with the speaker saw some
secrets and so I guess I'm on board
so you only have to convince one person
in order to change enough votes to get
what you want or what you don't want
sto so Thomas Massie is telling you
directly right again he's telling you
he's there Massie isn't making it up
he's right in the middle of it he knows
exactly what's
happening the CIA tells whoever the
leaders are you got to do this and they
either believe it you know I'm not sure
if anybody's bribed or blackmailed or
anything I don't think you need to I
think you just have to lie to them and
just say well as far as you know this is
what's happening so better do what we
say and then the lower level Congress
people are like well we don't want to go
go against the leadership so that's how
easy it is to take over the country all
you need is one room called a skiff and
one meeting with one
guy that's how we easy it is to control
the whole country one room called a
skiff where all the secrets are told one
meeting one guy in this case Mike
Johnson it's all it
took that's all it
took all
right
um Politico is running a story with the
headline says that Trump is getting
special treatment by the legal system
I feel like I feel like anything I say
about this will be exactly what's
already in your head so basically I'll
just be restating your actual thoughts
number one what the hell are you talking
about getting special treatment with his
91
indictments yeah um but I think the
example is that other people would be in
jail awaiting trial and he's not in jail
awaiting trial okay that's not the best
argument given that he's running for
president I don't think anybody thinks
the guy running for president should be
in jail while the while the elections
are happening what what exactly would be
the point of putting him in jail would
it be so he's not a Flight Risk he's
running for president he wants you to
know where he is all the
time you're not going to lose Trump what
the hell but here's why you should
really see this it's not really a
serious story about Trump getting
special Justice this is entirely because
they know the indictments are
the indictments are and at the
end of it there's going to be a whole
bunch of Democrats who are doing may I
do my impression of a whole bunch of
Democrats you'd like to see that when
you I give you now a whole bunch of
Democrats after Trump is not jailed
after 91
indictments well how's that possible
because all those indictments were so
totally totally solid and
real how could it be possible and
they're going to be looking for
something to grasp
onto so Politico is giving them a uh
basically a what do you call it a life
preserver so they're out there drowning
not understanding why 91 indictments
could all be false or overstated or
unnecessary or you know out of regular
order
and the little life preserver that is
being sent to them is already being
prepared and it goes like
this well those rich people can beat any
kind of charge can't they it turns out
that Trump you know is using the legal
system and he gamed it and I guess rich
people can get away with any kind of
felonies and rape and
crimes right you you can see it right
they're simply priming the public but
but only the Democrats so that when they
don't get what they expected because
they've been fed fake news all along so
they think the charges are like you know
rock solid and you know these honest
courts are going to find him guilty and
all that no they're going to use the OJ
Simpson thing right they're going to say
no you know OJ got away with murder
Trump got away with it I guess all the
rich people with the lawyers can just
get away with
murder so they're already priming you
for when you find out their their
gaslighting and their 91 indictments
were always just political
 and when you learn it is true
they've got the backup plan oh well no
they were solid these just rich people
like OJ always getting away with
crimes well meanwhile uh in Delaware a
surprising result uh a federal judge in
Delaware uh is declining to dismiss h
Biden's gun charges and I guess the
reason for the request to dismiss was
Hunter and his attorneys were saying
that he was being only prosecuted for
political
purposes oh this is
delicious is Hunter only being
prosecuted for political
purposes a little bit I I feel like
that's a little bit truish meaning that
if he were not connected and it were not
so highr profile maybe it would have
gone away with a little less
work but in the context where Trump is
not getting any breaks from the legal
system hold on in the context where
Trump is not getting any breaks you
can't give him a
break because if he were allowed to
skate because because it was a political
prosecution what the hell is Trump going
to look like Trump's the ultimate
political prosecution see you can't have
Hunter Biden get away because it's a
political prosecution while Trump has
got 91 political prosecution
indictments
so this might be window dressing it
might not be really that Hunter is going
to be in trouble it could be that things
get dragged out and he gets pardoned you
know before Biden leaves office or
something I don't know if that's even a
possibility but I don't believe anything
anymore so I don't believe this is
anything but more politics on politics
uh there's a uh post on X uh asking
people how many people agree with me and
I was quoted as saying that bad
crazy women sit a top all of Western
society's current
problems the bad crazy women which
is not saying all women are badshit
crazy I'm saying this for the slow
people some sometimes the dumb people
think are you saying every single woman
is the problem no not saying that at all
I'm saying that there is a legitimate
mental health problem with liberal women
which is documented I didn't make it up
it's really well documented and it's a
real serious problem just a huge
percentage of liberal women are seeking
therapy
and and and they have enough political
power that they can you know dominate
the Democrats and the Democrats are
dominating the politics at the moment so
in effect the downstream effect of their
mental illness is all kinds of
trouble how many people on X do you
think agreed with the fact that badshit
crazy women sit at top all of Western
society's current problems not women not
women batshit crazy
woman um 78% agreed with me that uh our
biggest problems are batshit crazy women
78% that would leave the ones who didn't
agree with me at roughly well just under
a quarter just under a quarter if the
people don't agree with
me interesting didn't see that coming
who could have predicted
that all right I remind you of something
called the documentary effect and there
are three documentaries that you really
really need to be careful of the
documentary effect is when you sit and
watch let's say 45 minutes or whatever
of one documentary that has one point of
view you will be convinced even if the
documentary is
BS if you're if you're fed a fire hose
of one side of an issue you're going to
be pretty convinced when it's over
because they may have left down some
context they may have distorted some
things you don't know about you just
don't know but are are documentaries
persuasive yes are is every documentary
persuasive I don't know you and I only
see the documentaries that are so
persuasive that everybody's talking
about them and sendling them around so
that's probably only top
2% so if you have you know a thousand
documentaries in a year that get
produced I don't know what the real
number is but only 2% of them are like
just insanely good in terms of
persuasive those are the ones you see I
mean you're not going to watch that many
documentaries in a year you're going to
see the the big ones those are the ones
that are most persuasive so you are
completely under the mercy of the
brainwashers who make the documentaries
now does that mean the documentary is
false nope doesn't mean that does it
mean that you can't learn anything from
the document no no no you could probably
learn a lot and it doesn't mean that
they're false all it means is you can't
tell do you get the
difference your your level of certainty
when you're done done with the
documentary don't let that be your guide
to whether it was true because you will
be certain you will be certain whether
it's true or not so don't use your
certainty as your guide to what is true
got it really important here are three
examples I watched yesterday uh
documentary called climate the
movie which some say completely
demolishes the uh the climate change
narrative did it oh totally totally you
know since it's sort of a hobby interest
of mine all the you know the climate
change business I recognized I think
every person I think I already
recognized and I I recognized I think
every argument so I didn't see a single
argument I had not heard before you know
what I didn't
see the counterarguments to those
arguments
do they exist yes they do yes they do
they do exist because I was familiar
with all of these arguments and I've
talked about them in public which causes
people to send me the
counterargument so I've seen all the
counterarguments bet you haven't because
you're not a nerd you're not like
following all these little links and
looking down every little rabbit hole
but I have now am I telling you that the
counterarguments are the good ones no
do you know where I saw the counter
arguments in bias sources and other
documentaries right so no I don't have
any reliable information I'm just
telling you that when I watched the
movie I said to myself oh they're making
the following
claim they'll probably mention the
counter claim and then it didn't happen
and then the next point would come up
and I go that well that's a good point
and I already knew about that but let's
see how they deal with the counter claim
oh they just didn't they didn't mention
that there's a counter claim now could
it be that they looked into the counter
claims and found them so weak that they
thought we don't need to mention them
they're so weak but the trouble is that
the public thinks they're not weak so if
you do a documentary and you don't say
okay we got to be honest there's another
side to this this is the other argument
the reason we don't think the other
argument is solid is you know this or
that but if you leave that whole other
side of the argument out what you're
seeing is probably just a brainwashing
up maybe not intentionally that that
doesn't mean that the makers of the
documentary are trying to put one over
on you sometimes they might be but it
doesn't mean that it mean it means that
that's their point of view but their
point of view is their point of view
I'll give you an example now I I'm not
claiming that the counterargument is
accurate this is important because then
it's going to make me look like I'm a
climate alarmist I'm just telling you
I've heard it right so one of the things
you've heard is that uh back in dinosaur
times uh there was a much higher or I
don't know if it was dinosaur times but
long time ago the uh CO2 was way higher
than it is now you've all heard that
right and therefore it can't be that the
CEO is the problem because it used to be
way higher and it was not way hotter it
was a little hotter but not as hot as it
should have
been have you all heard that that used
to be way more CO2 so clearly we're not
right about what causes heat because it
used to be way
more here's the
counterargument yes it's true in the old
old old old days before you know before
writing um there was a lot more CO2 we
can tell and somehow we can tell but
there was also a big difference in the I
don't know the atmosphere of the Sun or
something and the argument was yes there
was more CO2 but other things in the
atmosphere or the Sun or something were
also very different so that was a you
know like a compensating thing so if if
you brought forward that much CO2 into
our current environment it would heat it
but we would agree that if you had that
much CO2 in that old Earth environment
given the other situation of the you sun
and whatever else it wouldn't be enough
to heat it now is that true how would I
know how would I possibly know if that's
true but I just know I've read it I know
that people who worked in the field have
presented it as their
counterargument but was it in the
documentary didn't see it no but it but
possibly the thing I can't confirm is
maybe the people made the documentary
who looked into it and said this this
debunking is ridiculous I'm not even
going to mention it it's so stupid maybe
and maybe they're right I'm just saying
that you can't know if they haven't at
least mentioned the other arguments and
there were several cases where I knew
just enough that I knew they weren't
mentioning the counter
arguments now let me give you a more
basic one they show graphs that say for
example uh this was predicted and
nothing happened
you know if you talk to the climate
scientists they'll say this was
predicted and here it is happening they
will show you documents that are the
opposite of the ones that are on that
documentary don't you think that the
documentary should have mentioned but
you
know you know the these CNN or NPR or
whoever they just printed this graph
that shows the opposite of what we just
told you and here's why we think they're
wrong or not but if they don't even show
the other
graph I would give it zero
credibility so my my um my grade for
climate the movie is definitely watch it
oh let me say that clearly definitely
watch it the the stuff you'll learn
there is like really good like if you
want to understand the the uh you know
counter claims really good and you'll
see the cast of characters you'll see
they're all qualified
except I don't know what Tony hel's
qualifications are but you you'll see
that a lot of them are super qualified
I'll tell you one thing you'll know for
sure you'll come away with it thinking
there's no way they can measure the
temperature of the earth you'll come
away with with that understanding and
you'd be right about
that so definitely watch it I would give
its credibility uh
none so credibility none because the
counter arguments are not present
is that fair uh uh and let me say on an
entertainment level really well done so
to the to the makers of the
documentary excellent
storytelling excellent Pace excellent
editing um excellent
production so I was really really
impressed because there was not one
moment of it that I wasn't you know
totally
interested imagine watching a
documentary
and every part of it was interesting
like literally every part of it was
interesting so definitely for
entertainment watch it but just
credibility just be on high alert didn't
see the other side I just don't know if
the other side is strong or not here's
another one um all wars are Bankers
Wars so the idea here is that um it's
well documented would be the claim that
uh behind in World War I and World War
II and certainly modern Wars uh that you
can trace it back to the
bankers wanted to have some Central Bank
situation or whatever now if you watch
it will you be convinced that all wars
are Bankers
Wars yes you will probably yes you will
does that mean that all wars are Bankers
Wars of course not no do you think
they're showing the other side of the
argument no of course not
yeah here here's what the other side of
the argument would look like it's all
about
oil it's all about oil because you can
make the argument that all of our Wars
have been about resources you know one
way or another some kind of resource and
that banking you know might be part of
that but it's not driving all the
wars uh however uh I sampled it I
haven't watched it completely but in the
samples it looked like it was pretty
well documented
meaning that there were famous quotes
that I can't confirm or true from people
who would be in the know during those
years that do look like it was a Bankers
War it does look like it but again if I
said what is the entertainment value of
this documentary very good um I didn't
watch enough of it to get a quality um
opinion but it looked good well
made
um yeah all wars are about resources
yeah all wars are about resources
ultimately but but I guess the uh
self-defense argument is you know always
always mixed in there like one side
might be doing it for resources and the
other side might be just protecting
themselves
so that makes it complicated then the uh
the third one I'm not going to mention
the title of it because I don't want you
to look for it and I don't want it to be
anywhere near
uh I I don't even want uh AI to pick up
that I even had the conversation so I'm
going to be really really
indirect there's a uh certain kind of
food that's round and you cut it up into
slices and some say that uh uh if you
were to make a gate out of that
food well you see where I'm going
right well there's a documentary that
says say uh all of that uh quote
conspiracy theory about the vast network
of uh people in power who are doing
terrible things with people who are who
are
minors um let's say there's a
documentary which is really
convincing super persuasive that all of
that is
true now I'm not saying all that's
true I'm not saying that I'm saying the
documentary if you were to watch it
without any Counterpoint remember again
there's no Counterpoint it makes it
makes a claim and then it shows a whole
bunch of evidence to support it it is
super
persuasive but is it credible
no not even a little bit nope nope no it
doesn't mean it's not true remember I'm
not saying whether it's true or false
I'm saying that the documentary effect
along with the fact that the documentary
doesn't show any
counter claims makes it no credibility
so here here are all three of these
documentaries have the same problem
they're really wellmade and and this one
too if you find it and I'm not even
going to give you a hint where to find
it but um you would be
convinced if you didn't have every one
of your alerts set now here's here was
my experience with all three my
experience was I was super convinced by
all three so I could even feel the I
could just feel the programming like you
could feel it just physical at the same
time there was just just enough of a
little voice of I don't know what it is
reason maybe
training that would say don't trust it
in other words don't trust your brain
because my brain is convinced like all
the all the irrational parts of my brain
I'm on board with all three
but the little light in the back don't
trust this Scott don't trust it but keep
an keep an open mind but don't trust
it all right uh Bill Maher made some
more news as he often does after his
show
and here the Vigilant Fox is reporting
about how Bill Mar was talking about
abortion and he says the right does not
hate women because you know that's what
Democrats say the right is against women
he said they think it is murder meaning
abortion and then Bill Mah says I'm okay
with it meaning the
murder and he
says I can respect the absolutist
position I really can they think it's
murder abortion and it kind of is I'm
just okay with that there's 8 billion
people in the world I'm sorry we won't
miss you
um and then when Pierce Morgan remarked
that's kind of harsh Mars Mars said to
him is that not your position if you're
pro-choice
and I kind of love
this I I'll tell you you know I complain
about I complain about Bill Mah's
opinions as much as anybody but you got
to say he he has gigantic balls
he's saying the hard stuff my god do I
respect that I just so respect that now
that doesn't mean he convince me or I
have to agree with him or any of that
but oh my God I totally respect that
that he that he fully
acknowledges the absolutist position
that is murder and he tells you directly
yeah but I'm in favor of
it now that's an honest opinion
my god when was the last time you heard
it an opinion that honest I mean you
don't have to like it but that's honest
that takes
balls I appreciate
that well here's what I will add to that
um in my opinion I've said this before
but as we see more examples of it it's
worth reminding you in my opinion the
only philosophical difference between
Democrats and
Republicans is
abortion the there is no other
philosophical difference there are
differences of
self-interest you know definitely that
there are differences of you know uh
based on hoaxes people have different
information some people lack ability to
make decisions but none of those are
philosophical there's only one
philosophical one is this thing alive or
is it dead and then what do you do about
it meaning a
fetus um
and I would argue that after you take
abortion out of the
argument that you're really left with
arguments which are about dumb people
versus smart
people you know crime versus no crime I
mean just stuff like that let me take
the border for
example leaving the Border open is not a
philosophical
position is it it's literally an IQ
problem it's is do you understand
anything works in the real world problem
or maybe the cartels are part of it and
it's something Shady so it might be that
we don't understand it whatever but
there's no philosophical
difference it's really crime is involved
or or we're just dumb about how we're
handling it but there's no philosophy
involved we only pretend there is and I
I would argue that everything else is
like that and you say to me but Scott
the uh Republicans believe in small
government do they do
they now I do appreciate that Trump
apparently got rid of a lot of
regulations but I don't even notice did
you did you notice that you could do
that thing you couldn't do before
because you got rid of all those
regulations I I didn't notice any
difference so in the real world maybe
there are these little differences but
they don't seem to you know trickle up
to the real
world so just keep an eye on that that
um I I think the conservatives are a
little bit better on knowing how to
develop a system that works and that a
lot of what what looks like a
philosophical difference is you idiots
this is what works has always worked
will always work because this system
takes into account human
human behavior your system has never
worked can never work because it doesn't
take you into account human
behavior that's not a philosophical
difference that's one group knows how to
analyze things and build systems that's
all it is and if you put two people who
knew how to analyze the system and build
it they would always have the same
opinion that's the that's the scary part
when people understand a topic they
usually have the same
opinion it's only one one group doesn't
understand it that you get a difference
that's not
philosophy all
right um and M on illegal immigration
also making some news here so Bill M
said that Sweden opened its border to
1.5 million immigrants since 20 2010 now
20% of their citizens are foreign born
and their education system is tanking
and it has Europe's highest rate of
Gangland killings to liberals say
blaming immigrants for the rise and
crime is racist then Mar says yeah but
is it true of course it's
true so there's Bill Mah saying yes you
can say racist things if they're also
true and they matter so is it racist to
say that bringing in people from other
countries arises your raises your crime
yes it's literally racist you're
treating the races like they're
different literally that's as racist as
you could possibly be is it smart to be
that way yes yes it's also Smart in this
specific situation as Bill Maher points
out to be
racist because it's just practical if
you know how anything works in the real
world you know you got to close your
border it might be racist you got to do
it
anyway yeah all
right has anybody noticed that the uh
public argument for climate change
completely
dissolved the did anybody notice it just
sort of happened while you were looking
in the other direction here's what I
mean by that yeah I was talking earlier
about the documentary that's not the
public
argument that's not the public because
most of the public doesn't know anything
right yeah you and I you know some of
you and I are
nerds so I actually I actually care
about things like wait are those
thermometers need near a heat
island but the average public doesn't
care about that the only thing the
public knows is that the majority of
scientists were on one side am I right
that's the only
thing the regular Normal public knows so
what what is the public argument for
climate being a
crisis it's not the scientist argument
the scientists have the their own
arguments but that is inaccessible to
the public because we don't really
understand them in context right you
could lead you could read about a study
but you know if you don't know the whole
context and maybe how the study was done
how much is it worth so the public
argument was always 97% of scientists on
the same
side but after the
pandemic we can see that 97% of the
scientists being on one side has
no value in terms of probability as long
as a lot of money is involved so if a
lot of money is involved it doesn't mean
anything that all the scientists are on
the same side uh and and we also saw the
uh laptop letter the 50x and current
Intel people who said oh that's probably
Russia
disinformation we
watched as plain as day all of our
experts let us down and all being on the
same side they were all on the same side
and wrong one thing after another it
wasn't just one thing about the pandemic
it was almost
everything am I wrong almost everything
the experts were on the same side and
wrong and you see it in politics you see
it in you know AI you see it in
technology yeah so if the only argument
for climate change was the experts agree
that's
gone I mean that's genuinely gone where
there's not even anything to talk about
anymore it's just
gone the entire public argument which
I'm separating from the the the science
argument now the science still know what
the scientists presumably know what
they're talking about so when they
disagree that's an actual
debate but when the public talks about
it they only know what the they're told
and now they know that what they're told
has no credibility
whatsoever the entire public
argument is
gone do you remember how the public was
convinced that climate change was a
crisis watch me tie it all together are
you
ready it was a
documentary An Inconvenient Truth
alore it was a documentary
right yeah the documentary made you
think you understood the science but you
didn't understand the science you just
saw some things that people told you
you're not a scientist you can't tell if
the graph they showed you is wrong if
they showed you a graph that was you
know logarithmic or they changed the
scale so that a tiny change looked like
a big change would you know now you
probably wouldn't even notice you're not
a scientist you're not a data scientist
either
so there you go the documentary effect
cost us probably several trillion
dollars because a documentary is so
convincing that it changed actually the
world Al Gore changed the world with a
documentary that had no credibility
whatsoever was it wrong I don't know I'm
not saying
that you can't tell it's wrong that's
what I'm saying I'm saying all you know
is you saw a documentary you don't know
about any science you don't know if they
left any arguments out of course they
did left a lot of arguments out that
part we
know well he did actually invent the
internet you know that's what that's my
one biggest complaint with Al Gore is
that he did actually invent the internet
in the sense that he was the first
politician that backed the funding for
what became the internet now does that
make you the inventor
no but does that make you someone who
should get a ton of freaking credit for
seeing that the internet was going to be
what it is and being an early promoter
of it yeah yeah he deserves a ton of
credit for that he saw it
early I don't know if he's right about
climate but for that I'm going to give
him full
credit all right there's uh Jackie uh
Hinrich is reporting
that
uh senior officials are saying that uh
they're telling Fox News that China is
helping Russia with their war effort is
it did anybody not know that I mean I
saw cernovich say why why are we
surprised by that didn't everybody know
that China was helping Russia you know
at least with
material so I don't know if is that a
story all right here's a thing that
uh let's let's see if you're as puzzled
by this as I am all right I I'll quiz
you name the demographic of Voters that
is moving away from
Trump not the ones who have already
moved but the ones that are moving since
20120 who is moving away from Trump go
single women no no they're not
moving
nope none right I I've heard no story
about a demographic that's moving away
from Trump have
you I don't think women are I I think
women already moved but I don't think
they're moving
more now have you heard a story that
says Hispanics and blacks are moving
aggressively toward
Trump I have I've also heard stories
that men in general are moving toward
Trump and also in these two categories
the
men right so how could it both be
true that as breitbart's
reporting that uh in 2020 black men were
only 12% were supporting Trump but now
it's
30% it went from 12 to
30% and the you know Hispanic Latino
vote had you know some big Improvement
for Trump as
well
now how is that possible because the
polls that I'm seeing show them like one
point apart
how could Trump I I get that the Black
and Hispanic vote is not the majority of
the country but it's big enough it's a
big enough that if he went from 12 to
30% that should be the whole
game that's the whole game I if this
were true and nothing else changed
except Trump's support going from 12 to
30% that would be a commanding Landslide
Victory if it were true but the polls
say that's not going to
happen so what am I missing that one
segment could dramatically increase
nothing else could change but the
average doesn't change who's lying to
us am I wrong about this am I missing
something that's obvious and and you all
know and I
don't there's something obviously a
complete lie either the black support is
a complete lie or the overall General
numbers are a complete lie or there's a
demographic that's moving away from
Trump that nobody's
reporting what's going
on I have no idea unless it's women and
I haven't seen it
reported have you have you seen any
reports that women are moving away from
him or or they just were already
away I don't know I'm going to leave
that as a big question mark But if you'd
like me to give you the best political
advice you've ever
gotten here it comes um according to the
Wall Street Journal uh 42% of black
women remain up for
grabs interesting choice of words up for
grabs well here's what I say about that
I say Trump can win black women too if
he grabs them by the
purse if he grabs him by the purse
yeah he's going to get the woman about
he's going to grab him by the
purse I'm going to take a bow uh I don't
I don't even care if you like that one
I'm going to take a bow sorry
sorry
yeah taking a
bow that was so good I don't even care
if you liked it I don't need your
approval I don't need your approval no
that was fire that was pure gold I spun
that right in front of you pure gold
yeah now here's what we're going to do
people I want you to see if you can make
that a
thing because if you make it a
thing he
wins because the first thing it does is
it
trivializes the complaints which in my
opinion are far from being demonstrated
to be true right if if I thought he was
an actual rapist I would be acting very
differently I just don't think any of
the claims about him including EEG Carol
are necessarily true I mean I wasn't
there but they don't sound true to
me now that doesn't mean he's an angel
I'm not I'm not defending everything
he's ever done in his personal life
that's not my job I'm just saying that
the specific things he's been charged
with well you know if I thought they
were true maybe I'd be concerned but
they don't look true they just don't
look
it so yes the since the big issue is
going to be the inflation and the cost
of bread and gas and women are very
affected by those things especially
because they're more often going to be
in the grocery store I think uh I think
Trump wins if he says I'm going to grab
you by the purse now he shouldn't say
that but you should
he's going to grab him by the
purse all
right well has uh has Iran attacked
Israel
yet we're all waiting for it any minute
right so some people smart are saying
that Iran is getting ready to send some
drones and missiles maybe into Israel
proper maybe not attacking proxies and
other countries like embassies and what
not but they might go after actually the
mainland of Israel like a population
center with a massive you know 100 or so
rocket
attack I don't think that's going to
happen so I'm going to say the odds of
them attacking Israel proper let's say
you know real population Center are low
the odds of Hezbollah increasing their
activity
50% you know maybe a little bit to try
to stay under the level where there
would be a big
attack
um yeah
and so I think the odds of a proxy
attack are greater than the odds of an
attack on Israel and as I said before
and I remind you Israel will never have
a better chance to destroy the
leadership of Iran and get away with
it Iran has to know that if you think
they have figured out that if ever there
was a free punch it would be within a
few months after Iran presumably back
the Hamas people who did the October 7th
thing there could never be in the
history of Israel there will never be a
better chance to do it and keep in mind
that Israel just spent their uh their
Holocaust
chip so if you're going to spend your
Holocaust chip you don't want to finish
up still in Jeopardy because that would
be a wasted the biggest chip so if
you're going to give away your Holocaust
chip and in my opinion they
have you're going to have to get
everything for that so if if Iran is
thinking hey we'll we'll test this we'll
test their resolve or we'll see how far
they're willing to go we'll try to push
them a little bit that would be one of
the most massive miscalculations in the
history of War
because I don't know what the population
thinks but you've got a really smart
leader over there in Israel and he's not
blind to the fact that you're never
going to get this chance again and this
chance means literally taking out the
leadership I think Iran has to just do
one more thing to Israel on on their
Mainland you know if it's a proxy thing
might look different but if they send
one rocket into a population
Center I think Israel is going to act
like they have a free pass and whether
America is in or not in I think they'll
just take out the
leadership that's what I
think so look for that um I wouldn't bet
they're going to take out the leadership
because the by far the most likely thing
is that Iran will talk big and do
something just to say they did something
but it won't be so big that Israel says
Ah free
pass um and know war with the US
yeah I hear somebody saying that Iran
has sold a lot of their weapons to
Russia that could be a factor that could
be a
factor yeah yeah it I do imagine uh
what's
that I'm looking at a comment
here
um your Holocaust card was okay
grabbing by the
proxy you can't you can't improve on
grabbing by the purse I'm
sorry that will have to stand as the
quot of the day whether you like it or
not all right ladies and gentlemen that
concludes my wonderful presentation I'm
going to stick with the locals people
for a little bit but I'll say goodbye
for now until tomorrow to the folks on X
and Rumble and
uh
YouTube talk to you
tomorrow
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e e