bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
bum-bum-bum
hey everybody come on in
can somebody tell me what the hell time
it is serious question there's no joke
here I don't know what time it is
can somebody tell me is it
seriously what time is it alright well I
thought I had another hour but I'm
having a bit of eight
apparently the time is not different in
Arizona I've been here for you know half
a day got here yesterday so I'm in the
the free state of Arizona oh my god
alright so true story I got here
yesterday and Christina said you know
it's a the time is it how we're
different and I thought really
it's an hour difference I thought I
didn't know that but turns out it's not
a now we're different the things I don't
know all right well I don't have my
cheat sheet with me to do the proper
toast but I'm gonna do the and believe
it or not I've not memorized it I can't
memorize things but I would like to join
you in the simultaneous it will you join
me in the simultaneous sip all you need
is well you know I need cup mug glass
all that stuff go
you know if it wasn't for a message from
Joe Manukau and/or manic Joe on Twitter
I wouldn't know that I was supposed to
to be on here now it's it's not exactly
my honeymoon for some of you who know I
was supposed to get married in May but
of course that wasn't really a good time
to get married so both our honeymoon and
our marriage plans keep changing so
we're just gonna I think we're gonna go
asynchronous so so I'm wearing the ring
and we just decided to were married so
yesterday we just looked at each other
and said why we just say we're married
we've got a marriage license if you have
a marriage license and you have rings
and you've agreed to get married you
know what exactly does the ceremony do
we're still gonna have a ceremony but
we're still still figuring out where it
went yes as somebody who's answering in
the in the comments I I did drag Li have
it in my mind there is oh there was only
half of the year they had a time zone
change and I didn't know if I was into
half however let's talk about the news
that's why you're here you know you're
so are you as amused as I am by the
statue stuff you know on one on one and
you're probably alarmed because you know
these statues are coming down and all
that but on some level does this not
remind you of a Star Trek episode so
think about the statue stuff and think
about the fact that the the country is
in something like a civil war between
roughly the left and the right sort of
but not really so we've got this sort of
weird virtual Civ
war but instead of attacking each other
the left is attacking statues and you
know that the right is going to attack
some statues eventually right you know
that you know that somebody on the right
is going to treat this like a chess game
and they're going to say hey the left is
taking all our pieces they they took our
or Washington or Jefferson or our Teddy
Roosevelt and they're going to say well
what statute could we take so this
morning I tweeted that don't be
surprised if the right treats this like
a chess game just like the left is and
goes to take one of their pieces and it
won't be a person it'll be a statue
now I cheekily said that the right would
be coming for their King and I
capitalized King I capitalized King and
people still didn't understand what I
was talking about now as somebody said
hey Martin Luther King was actually a
Republican or whatever none of that
matters
no that matters and by the way I'm not
recommending any statues being taken
down I am I am opposed to offensive
statues but I'm also opposed to taking
them down by mob rule instead of some
more civilized way but I also recognize
that if the civilized way wasn't working
well they are just statues in the end
you know if somebody tears down the
statue that half of the country is
deeply offended by and they couldn't get
it done in some other mechanism and they
tried I don't know if anybody tried but
if they tried the other mechanisms and
they didn't work it's just a statue it's
not there's nothing L I'm gonna die on
but you know that the country is always
worried about the slippery slope and if
they take down the statue or they'll
take down this and they'll take down
that I'm pretty sure that eventually
people associated with the right or not
even on the right it might be just
people who want this to stop or
to say look you can either have it all
or you can stop now
you see the choice you can either have
it all in other words get everything you
want which is anybody who has a sketchy
background can't have a statue and the
right might say let's play by your rules
we accept we accept your standard so you
would expect that they would take down
Martin Luther King statutes now I'm not
in favor of that obviously I'm not in
favor of any of the statues being taken
down by you know citizens acting on
their own but it's going to happen and
maybe that it'll be enough for people to
say whoa maybe we've gone too far but
here's the thing if we allow that what's
happening is somehow acceptable because
of the offence historical offense you're
going to have to go after the Ivy League
colleges because as it turns out as
people are saying in the comments
I think Yale is named after a slaver a
slave trader I think New York is named
after a slaver Princeton is named after
a dictator literally Harvard was named
after a slaver now in what world would
it be okay to leave those colleges with
their current names stay I think Leland
Stanford was a you know that for
Stanford University I believe he was a
massive racist and I think that's
documented I don't think there's any
question about it so Harvard Yale
Princeton Princeton is different cuz
that's a dictator but who likes
dictators right now suppose you have two
statue to somebody who had been accused
incredibly of me to stuff could you keep
a statue to somebody who was actually
kind of famous for me to him
if that's the standard it's got to go it
has nothing to do with you know whether
you liked or disliked anything else that
Martin Luther King did is there anybody
who dislikes it I mean if you're talking
about the you know the primary message
of dr. King I don't think there's
anybody on the left or the right who
disagrees with the basic philosophy but
if we're judging the people in their
entirety standard is the standard so
we'll see how I think the people maybe
more associated with the right are just
trying to stay out of it have you ever
been more impressed by the political
right in this country I've never been
more impressed and this is again one of
those situations of the dog that isn't
barking so here's the dog that isn't
barking there's something like 40% of
the country associates with the
political right conservatives
conservatives have entirely just stepped
back and said let's let's just watch
this let it play out see if so the
energy will come out of it play it cool
you know load you got and clean your gun
don't use your gun don't provoke just be
ready you know sort of standard
conservative thought you know don't do
anything crazy but be ready a very
conservative thing to do so I'm actually
amazed that things have gone as far as
they have gone with almost a complete
absence of the political right being on
the street and when they are they don't
seem to cause trouble nor do they seem
to be the recipients of trouble I mean
maybe some minor skirmishes but nothing
nothing important service okay that's
pretty funny somebody said what about
the Clinton Library yep yep the Clinton
Library it's got to be on the list right
again
favor of the library being removed or
taken down I'm not in favor of any of
them being taken them but if you're
gonna be consistent you kinda have to go
there so let's see if the country wants
to go there I'm down for that anyway the
reason that this is the Statue Wars is
like a it by the way did anybody did
anybody else make this connection that
the Statue situation is basically a
giant chess game because they are just
like giant chess pieces they're
literally like giant chess pieces there
are two teams and they're moving their
chess pieces in this case the left is
capturing a bunch of pieces from the
board and how simulation weird is it
that the statue you would first think of
as being like the the primary the
primary respected statue on the left is
Martin Luther King and his last name is
literally king and that the right almost
certainly you should you should just
assume that somewhere somebody is
planning to take their king they're
actually going to take their king now I
don't know if it will happen I don't
want it to happen but I'd be kind of
surprised if somebody didn't take a run
at it now here's why it's like a Star
Trek episode one of the first original
Star Trek's one of the most provocative
episodes that just has stayed with me
since I was a kid is there was an alien
to alien species that the crew of the
Star Trek encountered in which they were
embroiled in a war but they decided ages
ago that they didn't want to have a war
with real destruction like they didn't
want to destroy their cities and their
stuff but they knew that you couldn't
win or lose a war unless people died so
they would fight the war with
simulations in just a simulated war and
then when there was a result the losing
team would have to volunteer
here X number of citizens to be to be
suicided basically they go into some
machine that vaporizes them so that
everybody is just sort of civilized
agreeing ah Darwin we lost the
simulation
I guess 40,000 of our people have to go
into the into the suicide machine and
they decided that you know it was just
better than regular war because you
couldn't get rid of war people people
wouldn't ever let you get rid of war
so if you couldn't get rid of that what
is the most civilized way you could do
it and that's what the Star Trek
imagined is a civilized way you can have
an actual war and the the reason that is
stuck with me so long is that it is
logically impeccable meaning that the
solution these two you know alleged or
imaginary alias societies came up with
is actually a hundred percent better
than regular war there's no doubt about
it
but it's so awful that you can't imagine
it which is what makes it a good episode
so anyway in a different way it's not a
perfect analogy but what I see the left
and the right fighting with statues like
a giant chessboard it feels it feels to
be like that Star Trek episode where we
figured out how to fight a civil war
without the normal consequences it just
feels like that I just can't get that
into my head all right
see it ends fake news is hilarious today
because they don't have much to work
with when when the news doesn't serve up
you know good red meat about the
president they're gonna take whatever
meat they have so if CNN does not have
you know prime steak that they can chew
on to criticize the president they'll
take they'll take care burger if that's
all you got and all they had this week
was hamburger here's the first one
about what half of the stories I think
something
saturating but by far most of the
articles and opinions and stories on
cnn.com are about Trump's rally audience
size now is there anything less
important than that in the whole world
is there anything less important then a
campaign was hoping that lots of people
would show up some people expected that
a lot of people would show up but we're
in the middle of the pandemic and here's
the part that they never mentioned the
if you whoever you were to anybody
mentioned this or is this the first time
you'll hear it
the original rally was going to be on a
Saturday night it got moved to a Sunday
how many people who would go out on a
Saturday night would not go out on a
Sunday night because it's a workmate the
answer is a lot not had enough had
anything to do with the attendance but
it's a pretty big factor I would have
gone on a Saturday maybe I had my I had
my sitter lined up you know I didn't
have any plans on Sunday but Saturday
was marked out and then the president
says ups that's that's June teeth let's
move it to the next day well not
everybody has such a flexible schedule
that thing it doesn't move it so that's
got to be at least part of it and I
don't think I've heard anybody say that
that's got to be at least 20% of the
explanation is that they moved the date
you can't move a date and expect all the
people to show up anyway so there's no
story there whatsoever we're in the
middle of a pandemic you didn't get a
good attendance at a place that would
probably kill you because people
wouldn't have baths and their shoulder
to shoulder
there's just no story there but there
they're trying to make something out of
it anyway and then the other thing that
they're trying to make something in and
nothing is when Trump said that we
should reduce testing because it's
making him look bad now the fact that
Trump's advisors and
and folks have to tell the media that he
wasn't serious no he's not serious that
we should plunge the country into a
health nightmare the way of which we
fully understand so that he can look
good temporarily
he didn't really ever say that right I
mean needed mean it he said that he said
the words jokingly but the fact that
they're making news about something that
is obviously a joke and no one else
could be so there's that so I was
looking through John Bolton's interview
transcript yeah because I didn't see a
live I just wanted to read it because
it'd be faster and he was the dumbest
guy I I am actually really shocked that
somebody with his level of intellect as
comes through on the transcript the mele
the only thing I know about John Bolton
really is a few public surfacy things a
little bit about his resume but I don't
really know too much about a bit besides
that but when you read a long for
interview where he gets to you know
actually talk and explain some things
my jaw was dropping and it wasn't that I
disagreed with him so much it wasn't
that my opinion is different it's that
he doesn't seem smart I don't know if he
ever was but when I say smart I don't
mean in the book sense you know I'm sure
if he you know if we did an a test of
who knew the who do the most leaders of
the most countries he would smoke me
right yeah who would know the history of
blah blah blah he would smoke me so I'm
not saying he lacks knowledge probably
knowledge wise he's one of the more
knowledgeable people around so he's very
knowledgeable but I'm gonna walk through
some of the things he said in the
interview to tell you how stupid they're
all right so no particular order here we
go
here's something that I always joke
about this as the creator of the Dilbert
cartoon I can't tell you how many comics
I've written goes it's quite a few on
the subject of there's always that one
dumb bimbo II who says but what's our
strategy have you been in that meeting
you'll be in the meeting and you're
talking about stuff and you know you've
made some decisions and then there's
that smart dumb person and I think
that's what Bouldin is he's a smart dumb
person there's I think somebody else has
a name for that but the smart dumb
person in the room says excuse me excuse
me boss what is our strategy and
everybody just goes and they don't know
how to answer it because the smart dumb
person has taken the high ground
but it's a fake high ground there's no
such thing as strategy strategy is the
thing it's a thing we think is the thing
that's why the smart dumb people bring
it up but the smart people don't the
smart people know that the strategy
isn't the thing you know there are
there's some obvious things that
everybody knows you want to do for
example does the United States have a
strategy well whether you called it a
strategy or not would we all agree that
the United States wants to be prosperous
wants to have good trade deals
what's peace wants to influence other
countries doesn't want to be in big Wars
all right I could go that list it would
be a pretty long list and you would say
yeah yeah that's that's what we want
those are all the things we want and
then you say well how do you get them
well here's the thing if this if the
environment is changing every day in
every moment what's your strategy you
can't have a strategy when things are
changing all the time every moment there
are some basic things you can do that
after the fact you could label them the
strategy for example the United States
is has a pretty high priority on
education we think it could be even more
but wouldn't you say the United States
tries to educate its population
is that a strategy kind of kind of you
could say that's a strategy but since
everybody agrees and it's obvious do you
call it a strategy or is it just
something that's obviously good to do
the problem with the people who say you
have no strategy is they're smart enough
there's no such thing as a strategy and
if you had one it would either be so
obvious that it would be you know not
worth saying or it would change every
five minutes so you'd have to rewrite
your strategy all right all right we
just found out was something new about
North Korea I guess you know change your
strategy so all the smart dumb people
say my boss had no strategy and what
else does he say here and here are the
different ways that he says it so these
are quotes for emboldened from his
interview there really isn't any guiding
principle like a strategy basically
there isn't any guiding principle that I
was able to discern other than what's
good for Donald Trump's re-election now
let me ask you this do you think there's
ever been in the history of the United
States I'm just speculating has there
ever been anybody who said a Democratic
president doesn't matter which one
pick your Democratic president who has
ever said I don't think that president
has a guiding principle or a strategy
probably every single time probably
every time my guess is there's no such
thing as any prominent leader who does
not have people saying there's no
strategy there's there's no guiding
principle there's no strategy it's like
it's like saying air exists there's air
it just doesn't mean anything then
here's another quote from Bolton I don't
think the president fully understood all
of the implications of what he was doing
number one does anybody understand all
of the implications of what they are
doing no no nobody understands
all of the implications of what they're
doing what kind of what kind of events
you know what kind of a criticism as
that how about you how about you there
in the comments do you understand the
implications of everything you're doing
and if you don't what's your strategy
what kind of guiding principle do you
have for your life again
these are all nonsense words that you
can literally just say about anybody in
every situation all right
and it's mind-reading so the the bigger
problem is that Bolton says I don't
think the president fully understood all
the implications well it's mind draining
on top of the fact that is something
that nobody could do understand all of
the implications of what they're doing
and then he says bull says and I think
when it choses a couple of things number
one that foreign policy and defense
policy are not motivated by philosophy
grand strategy or policy isn't that just
sort of true all the time well why is
this special to trump well let's look at
this again do you think that our foreign
policy and defense strategy have ever
been motivated by philosophy grand
strategy or policy okay let's take them
apart have our defense policy ever been
motivated by philosophy no no what well
philosophy the philosophy that you need
a strong defense so people don't mess
with you like what what kind of
philosophy are we talking about
is there any country in the world who
wouldn't like a strong defense if they
had the option
no how much strategy do you need to talk
about to decide whether you want a
strong military what kind of philosophy
is that or how about the grand strategy
is a grand strategy different than a
strategy and is a grand strategy
different than a philosophy is a grand
strategy
different than a philosophy that's
different than a guiding principle yeah
it's all jargon if you didn't know how
the world really works in other words if
you had not sort of lived in the
corporate world you'd never been in
government you would easily read
Bolton's words and say whoa this is a
guy who knows what he's talking about
he's talking about philosophies grand
strategies policies these are things the
president Trump never even he can't even
conceive
he can't even conceive of these smarter
dudes but indeed Trump is clearly the
smarter person in the room all right and
then I wouldn't die on that hill by the
way I would die on the hill then if you
looked at street smarts sort of general
decision-making ability to understand
people and the world the ability to look
at complexity and figure out how much
you really need to work with et cetera
I don't think bolton is anywhere in the
category of Trump say what you will
about Trump he is he's easily used
several levels above what is indicated
in this transcript you know if you take
out rums jokes and hyperbole and stuff
you end up with a solid decision-making
but you don't get that here from Bolton
all right and then then the other thing
he says that philosophy grand strategy
or policy is our defense policy not
motivated by policy this is actually his
sentence if you break down the sentence
he's actually saying he doesn't think
our foreign policy and defense policy
are motivated by policy what no what
that isn't even anything you can't even
disagree with it doesn't mean anything
yeah our policy isn't motivated by
policy oh yeah that's probably a good
criticism of the president is that our
policies are motivated by policy I don't
think policy is supposed to be motivated
by policy it doesn't work that way all
right let's see what else he said Bolton
said I could see even before my first
day
when I would go over to talk to Trump
and others that this was not like a
White House I had never seen before it
was not functioning in the same way as
any of the three previous presidents I
had worked for now this is a form of
criticism that I call the my god it's
different from what I'm used to and
therefore it must be bad is there any
criticism in this statement it feels
like a criticism right because you you
make the leap of assumption that's not
present he's simply saying that the
Trump White House operated it different
differently than any other White House
is that bad I think it's why he was
elected I'm pretty sure people voted for
Trump to get a White House that didn't
operate like any prior White House it's
pretty much exactly what they voted for
and you'll see this kind of that this is
very much a CNN lefty kind of thing
actually I take that back
the right uses this all the time how
often do you see people on the right
criticize the left but there's no
criticism in the criticism it sounds
like this well that's the oddest thing
well that's non-standard well I haven't
seen that before
you know anybody who is criticizing
something by its uniqueness or its
newness without reference to anything
wrong with it is just not somebody you
shouldn't listen to about anything
it means they they're not even they're
not even having a brushing association
with reality or the truth or trying to
convince you or persuade you it's just
noise all right
here's something else that Bolton says
the president should read extensively
the material he's given it's not clear
to me that he read much of anything is
this a true statement the president
should read extensively the material
that he is given would you agree with
that statement do you think the
president
should read extensively the material
he's given and then Bolden went on to
complain that the president would talk
to advisors outside the little ring of
advisors in the White House and he would
get external opinions and that Bolton
didn't to wear these opinions were
coming from so he couldn't kind of you
know deal with them or control them or
you know it caused chaos who's the idiot
in the room so you've just heard this
criticism so Bolton says and let's let's
accept that this is true because I think
this is true the president should read
extensively the materials east given
it's not clear to me that he's read much
of anything I feel like we've heard
enough reporting from enough different
people that we could agree he does not
do a deep dive on the reading okay
so let's take that as a fact just for a
conversation purposes it's a fact that
the president does not do a deep dive on
the details of the reading who is the
idiot
who's the idiot in the room Bolton
Bolton do you know why the president
should not this is my opinion this is my
advice should not do a deep dive on the
reading and then ignore his outside
sources of information because the
people who give him the write-ups are
not trying to inform him they're trying
to manipulate him you know that right
everybody in the White House any white
house every white house every
corporation every organization the
write-ups that are given to the boss
whoever the bosses president CEO doesn't
matter whoever does the write-up is not
trying to inform the boss they're trying
to manipulate them they're trying to
move them to a certain conclusion now
they may now say that they might show
both sides but the way things are
written is for the purpose of getting
the result even if they swear in a Bible
that that's not the case nobody can
write a long detailed thing
without leaving out some things that
maybe should have been in there
emphasizing some things that maybe they
think are kind of special what is the
worst thing that a president should do
to be a good president
let me read John Bolton's advice this is
the worst thing you should do the
dumbest thing you could do if you were
the president would be what bulton says
which is should read extensively the
material he's given if I could give the
president that any president any CEO one
piece of advice it would be this
do not read extensively all the
materials you are given it would be the
dumbest thing you could do now imagine
you're the president you've got a
zillion decisions in the most
complicated world that you can imagine
how much of all the decisions that our
president any president needs to make
can be kept in in any human beings mind
and sort of processed well and the
answer is not much right as a percentage
of everything a president needs to do
you could pick the most genius president
let's say Bill Clinton I think Bill
Clinton and Obama very high IQ people
you would say I think you would agree
you know Harvard educated whatever that
these are smart smart people who can
hold a lot of detail did it matter did
the amount of detail that Obama could
master did that translate directly into
better decisions and if so can you point
to one can you point to a decision that
was better because any president did a
deep dive on the reading the reading
material and the background and the
historical significance no no I don't
think he can I doubt that's ever
happened in the history of the world the
the you didn't look at my right up is
what the low-level
smart dumb people say in every
organization every smart dumb employee
of
every corporation says I tried to tell
the CEO but he wouldn't listen I
couldn't get his attention
he seems motivated by his own career as
far as I can tell he doesn't even have
an interest in strategy every smart dumb
worthless employee says that about every
leader the only way you could survive
the president's job and I have I have
the least little will say an opening
into that world in other words they're
probably only a few of you here
percentage-wise there might be a lot in
numbers but percentage-wise very few of
you were watching have had a career or a
job that I would say would be as complex
as the president's or even as complex
his mind because at any given moment
I've got you know three careers running
simultaneously and all of them have you
know thousands of variables so I live in
a world they're so unbelievably
complicated that the only way that I can
navigate that which I do successfully I
think is that I pay attention to the
least about amount of information I can
so the the way to survive immensely
complicated situations that are just
ever ever complicated they don't ever
simplify and you've got it you've got to
find a way to navigate through this all
the time and make the important
decisions you really have to find the
smallest bit of information that can get
you to a good decision so it could be
bring my two advisers in who have
different points of view give me give me
ten minutes arguing and you listen to
him and he go uh-uh so let's say you're
the leader you're listening to them and
one is get a pen I'm gonna pick two
people randomly you don't have to agree
that these are good characterizations
but just just go with me here two people
two advisers come into the room one is
Peter Navarro who I think is kind of
brilliant actually if you listen to him
talk that you don't think he's smart
dumb when you you're Peter de Navarra
talk you think
I think he's smart smart smart book wise
smarter streetwise smart reality wise
so Peter Navarro is smarter smart so he
comes into the office with John Bolton
who is smart dumb and the president
sitting there and Navarro and let's say
it's there on different sides of some
topic and Navarro says here's my
argument
ba-ba-ba-ba-bom here are the three
things you need to know two of them are
really important mr. president focus on
these two things the other things are
important but not nearly as important
he's two things can the president hold
two things in his head sure sure
Peter Navarro just broke it down for him
Peter Navarro did the deep dive
Peter Navarro in this example told them
what the two important things were and
that he wants to check this so he asked
Bolton all right Bolton says nope
totally disagree here are my reasons
blah blah blah my reasons and here are
my two reasons or three reasons why I
think Peter Navarro is wrong now what's
the president do he's got two opinions
and they're opposites they're opposites
well does the president say let me go
with a smart dumb guy or let me go in
the smart smart guy how hard is it to
agree with the smart smart guy if the
alternative is the smart dumb guy it's
not hard right you listen to me borrow
submarines you go okay that's what I
need to know all right and how do i
frame this alright got it that's about
as deep as you can go if you're the
president now the bigger the issue the
more time you want to spend and more
people you want to talk so I highly
simplified it but if you think being
president is a process of reading all
the materials you've never lived in any
kind of a complicated world because
reading the materials will mislead you
and take way too much time you need
people to break it down for you to give
you the argument the way the news will
make it to give you the argument the way
President Xi might see it
you know you can break these things down
into pretty simple elements and while I
do think it matters some of the context
you know so you know what the other side
is thinking why can't your advisers just
tell you that suppose you've got Bolton
coming in saying ah
the president he doesn't read my
materials and so he doesn't know that
I'll just pick a random example that he
doesn't know that North Korea
traditionally says X but then does why
well why can't he just tell them you're
in the room just tell them that say you
know presidents historically they say X
but then they do why they've done seven
times why do you have to read that who
needs to read that you don't have to
read that all right what else does mold
say he said the Bolden said quote I
thought that that it was almost
impossible to sustain a consistent
coherent policy over time do you know
what do you know our situation makes it
impossible to have a consistent coherent
policy over time every situation every
situation nobody has a consistent policy
over time they always change it changes
with the facts that changes with a
better argument I don't know you should
always be waking up every day and saying
did the policy that we were doing
yesterday is that still makes sense
today did anything change
doot-doot-doot here's something that
bolton claims in his book so the
interviewer asked you say in the book
that Trump asked General John Kelly
if Finland was part of Russia or thought
Venezuela is really part of the United
States come on
the president did not ask anybody if
Venezuela is part of the United States
if you're dumb enough to believe that
you're dumb enough to believe anything
else in this book which would be a
strategic mistake so can we agree that
there isn't the slightest chance really
zero you know there aren't too many
things I would give a zero percent
chance to being true somebody says are
you sure yeah so what I'm saying is most
thing most things I say well you know
90% chance it's true 95% 98% if I'm
really really sure or something I might
say ninety-nine percent but let me break
with tradition for a moment let me
Drayton break with tradition the
president 100% did not ask if Venezuela
is part of the United States and if you
think there's any chance that happened
you should not watch my periscopes
because because you're not going to
understand anything there's no chance
that happened so if you know it's in the
same sentence with with Trump asking if
Finland was part of Russia now how do
you feel about the Finland one now if
the Finland one had been by itself in
that been the only allegation he asked
if Finland was part of Russia here's
what I would have assumed I would have
assumed that he was asking if Finland
was sort of under the you know maybe
virtual sway of Russia he may have asked
something like that you know are they a
part of the circle or you know something
like that now I could see that being
possible but did that did Trump actually
asked if Finland was like you know
officially a part of Russia no no no I
won't put a hundred percent on that so
I'm gonna be consistent can I say with a
hundred percent certainty the president
did not say hey is Finland part of
Russia
he may have said this sentence book that
doesn't mean that he meant it literally
part of Russia as in Putin is the head
of Finland as well you could have been
you know are they on their team on this
particular question are they in the are
they a satellite of influence which by
the way I don't know the answer are
there is Finland in the circle of
influence from Russia I don't know that
do you okay buddy answer that question I
actually don't know the answer
somebody says many Finns speak Russian
but dislike Russia right I think you'll
see in the somebody says was he being
sarcastic well we don't have any
evidence of that but you can easily
imagine him saying something like this
rhetorically so imagine if somebody say
is we yeah we could do this in this
country oh no we can't do this in this
country you know because because Russia
has too much control that another
country but we could put a you know we
could put let's say a missile defense in
this country yeah but we can't do it in
Finland well okay here's here's a
hypothetical I'm not assuming anything
like this happened it's for your
imagination to imagine something that
could have happened that would sound
like this but was different all right so
it's just hypothetical just for
imagination imagine they were talking
about where to put a missile defense
thing and they some people are tossing
out some countries well how about put it
in Czechoslovakia you know blah blah
blah yes or no not chuckles lock you but
Czech Republic whatever it is there and
then let's say somebody said Finland and
then it was rejected alright so you the
president you're listening to people
will debate what country and somebody
says I vote how about Finland and then
somebody said no no he can't do Finland
can you imagine the president saying
rhetorically what is Finland part of
Russia see it
what is Finland part of Russia in other
words it would be rhetorical
to say why couldn't we put a minute you
know talk to Finland about taking it you
know our a missile defense or a NATO
base or whatever the they were
talking about right so you can imagine
lots of ways it could have been you know
interpreted differently all right but we
weren't there so we don't know that bolt
says but there was an unwillingness on
the part of the president I think to do
systemic learnings and so they could
make the most informed decisions it was
John Bolton actually inside the
president's brain and he could he could
find out that he was unwilling to do
systematic learning maybe he thought
that systemic learning was not the way
to go so he might have been unwilling to
do it systematically now what does
systemic mean in this context in this
context it means that John Bolton wanted
to manage the president he wanted to be
the one who gave the president materials
that were approved by John Bolton which
of course would support inside and what
the president has spent a lot of time
looking at the materials that John
Bolton gave him the president decided
not spent a lot of time every day
looking at materials that John Bolton
gave him is that because the president
is defective could be that's one
interpretation that's John Bolton's
here's another interpretation the
president didn't think that
systematically looking at materials from
John Bolton would help anything and he
might have been right and then the
interviewer says but are you saying that
all the decisions the president made
were driven by reelection here's a bold
set I didn't see anything where that
wasn't the major factor that wasn't the
major factor now
how often is the president's actions
disconnected from his reelection
or his even his legacy how often does
the president do something then is
clearly bad for re-election but good for
the country you can please name all the
examples in the comments I'd like to see
in the comments all the examples
historically where a president did
something that was clearly bad for
re-election but good for the country go
crickets crickets crickets crickets
somebody says Lincoln that's a deed
that's a little more complicated I think
Lee Lincoln had a game plan with
everything he did yeah the atomic bomb
no that was good for reelection economic
shutdown know the the the alternative
was worse there there basically is no
situation Obamacare no I don't think so
the lockdown you can I think every
single decision is compatible in the
sense that the presidency is pretty
transparent if the president did
something that was just clearly not for
the country I think we would have
noticed that so it's a ridiculous thing
all right
here's something else Bolton says oh
here here you go he continues on it was
not something that started with a
strategy of how do we want to see the
threats from China to Russia result on
arms control for example what does that
sentence mean like like what does that
actually mean it's just jargon isn't it
we didn't start with a strategy on how
do we want to see the threats from China
and Russia resolved on arms control for
example well I'm no expert on
control bow let me throw out some
assumptions we would like them to build
fewer weapons that could kill us did am
i close what is that the whole strategy
because I think the strategy of arms
control is that we negotiate and try to
have fewer weapons is there is it deeper
than that am I missing something if the
president tries to negotiate with
another country for arms control is that
said no obvious what the strategy is all
right
then Bolton says the president over and
over again seems to think that a good
personal relationship with a Xi Jinping
the Vladimir Putin King kim jonghwan the
ayatollahs air Dewan of turkey was
equivalent to a good relationship
between the United States and their
respective countries and you know what
Trump's right Trump is right now
Boulton used the word equivalent which
nobody would use and of course the
President does not think they're
equivalent because nobody would to
imagine that the president is the only
person in the world have 7 billion who
would have this opinion because you know
nobody else would nobody else in the
world would think a personal
relationship with anybody even the
dictator was equivalent to you know a
good relationship between two countries
nobody would think that so but boldness
is alleging that the president is the
only person who would think that maybe
but pretty unlikely but here's what I
would say about that I think the
president has been proven right not in
terms of them being you know identically
equivalent to the country's relationship
but there is no doubt that the
president's let's say respect for she
allowed him to negotiate harder now he
realizes that that didn't work but it
was certainly worth working on if you're
going to negotiate with somebody hard
first
you make them your friend because you
can go harder that way if you're gonna
push somebody on trade or push somebody
on you know weapons or anything else
first treat them with respect so they
don't have an irrational reason to hate
you so the president is smart enough
about negotiations that he wants to
remove the personal reasons to say no is
that equivalent to a relationship
between two countries of course not
nobody thinks that not the president
nobody would think that but can you do a
good negotiation until you've set some
boundaries of respect so you don't want
President Xi to be over there
negotiating and thinking to himself you
don't want him thinking to himself I
can't make this deal because I need to
save face right you can't have Putin say
I can't I can't give Trump what he wants
because it's gonna make me you know look
like I gave in to this guy who's pushing
me right but you could imagine the
president XI or Putin or anybody else
they could make a deal that looked good
for their country it was good for us and
what didn't get in the way is any
personal animosity between the leaders
because that would just be a distraction
so for Bolton not to understand the
importance and I think Trump is I really
maybe he'll be the only president who
will ever do this but he is just smarter
about human beings it is way smarter to
treat somebody with a respect if you're
gonna push him hard in fact if you
choose somebody without respect and push
him hard you should expect to get your
ass kicked in some fashion virtually or
actually all right is netflix going to
make a movie based on the Bolden book
well who knows
Thank You Becca so I've been to Arizona
right now and it's it's pretty freaky
because you know everything's open here
there are their masks everywhere but
everything's open so it's a whole new
did a whole different world by just
looking at your comments here is
Hollywood done I don't know what was the
last time you enjoyed a movie that
wasn't a biography I just think movies
are dead so you forgetting about the
political correctness aspect of movies
you know that's that's a small pressure
on some of the classic movies etc but
yeah I'm not playing golf sorry I just
lost my train of thought Pascal says a
digital thing is coming what's a digital
thing alright any statues taken down in
Arizona I don't think that's gonna
happen to me Arizona it's a pretty well
armed state so we'll see somebody says
Hollywood is done
I think Hollywood might be done you know
if you look at the me towing I don't
know how Hollywood could survive all the
all that me to stuff somebody says they
like Marvel movies you know I did like
the the super super powers types of
movies but they're kind of kind of old
and by writing another book or your
wedding vows you know most of my extra
energy is going into the low
goals platform so I'm putting my extra
extra energy and content there and
there'll be more overtime I'm just sort
of working it down over there what
that's going to be all right that's all
for now
and I'll talk to you tomorrow