very people pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hello everybody
guess what time it is I think you know I
think you feel it I think it's time for
the simultaneous SEP
ready ready
grab your cup run across the kitchen
grab that cup come back you're ready and
now the simultaneous sip
well I'm guessing you've probably seen
the headlines turns out that President
Trump has canceled canceled canceled I
say the summit with North Korea why did
he cancel that summit with North Korea
exactly like I told you he would oh no
did I say that yes I did probably a
month ago you should expect at least one
walk away and depending how you count it
this is either the the one big one or
the third one or you know depending what
you count as a walk away versus a threat
to walk away now why did we walk away
from a summit to talk about nuclear
denuclearization we walked away because
in underling in North Korea insulted the
vice president's calling him a big dope
basically now is that a good enough
reason to cancel the summit yes
absolutely
not only is that a good reason to can't
to cancel the summit it's a really good
reason it's a really good reason to
cancel the summit now you say to
yourself wait we should be able to take
a few insults you know that new
denuclearization is much more important
but I'll tell you what
what the insult to the vice-president to
the private vice president signaled his
signaled that they were in it for
reasons other than denuclearization his
signaled that they were going to yank
the football again and by the way let me
give you some some background should
North Korea have played it straight to
get to the end and denuclearize like
they originally said was that their best
play or was their best play to lead us
along and then whoop once again like
they always have in the past well it's
obvious their first play should be to
try to lead us on and then grab the
football like all the other times that
should definitely be their first play
now if that doesn't work out they always
have you know the backup options but the
first thing North Korea should do is see
if they can screw us right in front of
the world
see if they can disrespect us right in
front of the world and you can get away
with it who wouldn't try for the the big
ask first so they go for the big ask now
do they think that they would get
everything and we would just back down
and be suckers they don't know how they
don't know until they try so doing what
they were doing and probably were
planning to do which is not reach a deal
when we got to the summit it looks like
that's what their plan a was but people
don't go into this sort of thing without
a plan B in the plan C you know you need
to know okay we'll try this but if this
doesn't work you know we got this lined
up and if that doesn't work there's
always this so the first thing that
North Korea should and did try was to
get everything for nothing basically you
know to to give up a bunch of nothing
there's a mountain that was falling
apart anyway you know there were some so
captives that they shouldn't have had it
in the first place so they didn't really
give anything up
and so we're right exactly where we
should be for everything to work out
well in the end in other words there had
to be the step there had to be this step
the the weak the weak negotiator which
is North Korea they have the weekend
they've got to try a bluff
that's the first thing you try and you
know you try to get what you can for
nothing
that's your first offer so that's
probably what we're seeing now you also
saw that maybe China's not playing as
nicely as they could they should say
goodbye to their big bank I guess there
are four big banks in China if you were
a an owner I don't know how they work in
terms of stockholders owners I don't
know the deal with their banks but if
you owned a bank I would be pretty
worried right now because odds are odds
are one of them is going down because
that is the logical next step so we
probably have to take out in a Chinese
bank before that will take out the
bankers so we'll target individual
bankers before we take down an entire
institution but that's probably
happening now and those individuals
probably have ways to not suffer too
much you know maybe they can't travel
maybe they maybe one of their banks you
know well some of their money gets
frozen or something but they're probably
billionaires probably doesn't matter but
taking down the bank will certainly
matter so it looks like that's next so I
would look for a Chinese bank to go
offline and for it to be the biggest
story in the world once that first Bank
Falls we might not get the result we
want but you got three more banks so
we're gonna get the result we want one
way or the other
now what's interesting about the the
reason for cancelling the summit is that
I'm not sure we needed a specific reason
because the negotiators would know by
now whether Kim was really going to
denuclearize so it's obvious that he had
not made that actual offer he pulled her
back maybe he was vague whatever he was
doing but we're not cancelling because
of the words so if you think that the
reason we're cancelling is because
somebody in North Korea insulted our
vice president if you think that's why
we're cancelling you're missing the
story yeah nobody cancels a
denuclearization summit over some
insults especially if you happen to be
the greatest insult er of all time I
mean the president Trump is not going to
risk World War three over an insult
you know nobody nobody understands the
function of insults better than he does
but canceling the summit because you're
not getting the type of respectful
general approach makes sense targeting
the letter that just gives them a
specific reason which is convenient yeah
so let me clarify I did say that's a
great reason because of it's just a
great trigger and it's a symbol of the
larger disrespect for gaming right but
if it were the only thing happening if
the negotiations were going great and
the only thing that happened was
somebody got insulted there's no way we
would cancel right so it's it's really a
symptom of the rest of the negotiation
not being not going ahead according to
an honorable way all right and we
wouldn't know that by now so
president Trump probably also and here's
another important point he probably also
wanted to be the first to efficiently
walk away if North Korea had been the
first to officially walk away there
would have felt like they had
or at least they thought they had that
the stronger hand the the walk away
person is the person who gets the the
the advantage so President Trump played
this somewhat perfectly because there
were as well you know I might not know
well we might not go either
well you Li might not go but I might not
go and then BAM
canceled so timed it perfectly
waited until they really did know if
something good was gonna happen
certainly by now they know whether North
Korea was serious or not and obviously
they've decided that they weren't which
is exactly where North Korea should be
at this stage they should not be serious
they should try once to get everything
for nothing they tried it didn't work
it's gonna cost China a bank at least
one bank you know now it's possible that
China will get North Korea in line
before they lose a bank I doubt it
yeah I think we have to go a full Bank
at this point now I'm not the national
economists so I can't tell you how big a
deal that is but seems to me it's a
pretty big deal so I think we're gonna
crash it back next
that should get everybody's attention
somebody says why will a bank could be
destroyed so the thinking here is that
China could make North Korea do anything
they want I don't know how true that is
exactly but go with that and then if
China is not forcing North Korea to
negotiate on good terms then then maybe
China is not a not a fair player and the
only way to get China to be a fair
player is pressure and we've tried other
kinds of pressures so a bank is one of
those things we can get to fairly
quickly because if you shut down the the
international trade for a bank they're
kind of they're kind of out of business
pretty quickly so you can take down a
bank very quickly
and it's a it's a pretty direct thing
because though because those banks have
been doing business with North Korea so
it's not random that we would target a
bank I'm sorry if I didn't make that
clear these banks would be violating the
sanctions so they can they're totally
targets now I would expect we're not
going to be in any hurry I think we're
probably going to squeeze the North
Korean economy another month maybe
another two months so the thing that
North Korea didn't want to happen is
they didn't what North Korea wanted to
happen is that President Trump would be
desperate for an agreement to get his
Nobel Prize and for the the midterm
elections in the United States to go
well president Trump just said we're
gonna have those midterm elections
before this is done now who knows if
that will happen you know you know it's
too early to say that the the midterms
will happen before something good
happens with North Korea or vice-versa
it's too early to say but president
Trump basically just said keep your
Nobel Prize screw the midterm elections
deal with your starving economy come
back to us when you're ready so that's
sort of where we are so if you're
worried let's see how worried the world
is about this I will check the stock
market and see where we are all right so
the the index fund for stocks of the US
is down 0.79% so less than 1%
fluctuation for cancelling the North
Korean summits that's not too scary in
other words we're not that worried or
the markets are not that worried you had
two 50s not a big deal so you so there
should be there should be some
dislocation in the market all right so
what if Kim launches another rocket he
might
you know wouldn't you be surprised if he
didn't so Kim has to do something so he
has to do something too you know
rattle us back but I imagine that you
know the thing is as observers we don't
know how close their economy is to a
full crash but it's probably pretty
close now let me draw a scenario for you
have you seen the the demonstrations
where I think China has done this and I
think Israel's done this as well they've
they've coordinated swarms of little
hobby drones when lights on them to do
fireworks looking shows where all the
coordinated drones are in the sky at the
same time hundreds of them and they're
all they're all programmed to do shapes
and make and make scenes and stuff
pretty amazing
now take that technology and imagine
that North Korea has something like
19,000 19,000 artillery sites is that
the right number
somebody fact check me on that they have
some number god-awful number of
artillery artillery aimed at South Korea
and the the big the big fear is that if
they turn on that artillery even without
nuclear weapons they can do a lot of
damage to South Korea before our
military could take care of them now
given that we've known that for a long
time and that we understand the nature
of the artillery and that the artillery
can kind of hide in a cave or it's got
camouflage until it's ready to go it
seems to me that we probably have
readied by this time some kind of a air
blanket of drones in other words we're
probably going to have drones if we were
to attack North Korea this is how I
imagine it would look and I'm not a
military guy so I'm just gonna you know
spit ball here I would imagine that we
would put a sky over Noor
Korea we would have so many drones in
the air right away that there would be
something over every artillery and as
soon as it showed itself you know each
drone would become kind of a suicide
drone and take it out so could we take
out you know 19,000 artillery sites all
in different places all of them kind of
hidden
maybe maybe no I don't know because we
don't know what secret weapons we have
right but maybe the other thing we could
do is whatever communications those
artillery sites have with you know with
headquarters we probably know how that
works by now and if they don't get an
order to fire they didn't get an order
now obviously they've hardened their
communications and they've they've got
backups and everything else but try it
but does that backup go to all 19,000
individual commanders who don't know
what the heck's going on if it war
breaks out so my assumption is that our
military has a pretty good idea where at
least a lot of those artillery pieces
are and exactly what we would do to get
rid of them should they show themselves
so my guess is that the risk of that
artillery taking out South Korea is
definitely a risk and it's a big one but
not nearly as big as North Korea would
like it to be yeah I think we could
probably shut down their communications
so that they don't know to fire I think
we could see them the moment they do and
I think it would be a mat a matter of
probably 60 seconds before each each one
is taken out something along those lines
hardened artillery sites
so would a hardened artillery site be
hardened from everything anyway we can
only speculate what our military Canada
can not do with the artillery but that's
going to be part of the questions we'll
probably hear a lot in the news for a
while all right
let's talk about spy gate for a moment I
saw a couple of funny things one was
there's a report that Lesley Stahl of 60
minutes when she was talking to Trump
off camera whenever they were talking
for 60 minutes Trump had said allegedly
that he he goes after the news calling
them fake news and criticizing the news
because then if anything bad comes out
about him he will have discredited the
source in advance and the the reaction
from people was oh my god you know
that's that that's horrible he's
discrediting the news in advance in case
something bad comes out about him and
and I thought to myself
aren't you just describing somebody
who's effective because that's really a
good thing to do that totally works
you know what Lesley Stahl did not say
is that won't work because it does work
the the whole idea of fake news is a
trump branding thing and it absolutely
makes people not believe anything bad
about him it completely works yeah
somebody's mentioning that Elon Musk has
been tweeting lately about the fake news
so it turns out that Elon Musk who is no
fan of President Trump as we know
because he he once quit the Economic
Council that he was on for Trump that
even the Elon Musk has come
saying something that was at least at
least on this one small topic supportive
of Trump he tweeted Elon must add that
you know it's no wonder the Trump won
basically because people are coming
after musk before also talking about the
fake news etc so you can feel Elan musk
being a little bit more Pro Trump than
people will be happy for him to be
somebody said Candace Owens just tweeted
something about about my book I'll have
to take a look at that and so here's the
other related story so it's absolutely
good form for President Trump to
diminish the credibility of his enemies
now there was a time when I would have
said my god you can't call the Free
Press an enemy it's their job to be
tough on power right that's sort of the
balance we got the Free Press keeps the
power in check you don't want to
discredit one of the checks and balances
too late they discredited themselves all
Trump is doing is giving them the label
that they earned alright yeah he didn't
give them a label they didn't earn you
know that stuff they earned so if he
gives him a label that helps him I don't
have it's hard for me to complain that
we have a president who knows how to do
stuff let me say that again yes the
president's you know calling the fake
news fake news is a strategy to
discredit them if they say bad things
about him later but it's a good strategy
it's one that works it's effective the
the press earned their lack of
credibility he didn't give that to him
they earned that all on their own so am
I going to be angry at President Trump
for being good at the thing that he's
doing which is you know making his brand
stronger
diminishing the brand of his enemies
that's sort of why we like him right
that's the stuff we want him to do to
other people for us that's what he
promised look at the stuff I can do look
at what I did to this guy this guy this
guy I've got to do that to your enemies
do you want me on your team or on the
other team get on my team you're
effective all right
let's talk about Spygate so there's also
a report that President Trump wanted to
get the word spy out there because it
sounds more nefarious I think was the
word and I thought to myself duh of
course he does and by the way of all the
gates you know though the Watergate of
this gate the travel gained everything
has there ever been a better gate than
spy gate just from a branding
perspective just how the words sound and
feel just have spy and gate go together
come on how many gates have we seen this
gate that gate this gate this gate this
gate and they're all weren't they all
just weak imitations of Watergate and
Watergate wasn't great Watergate was
just the name of the hotel all right it
wasn't a great brand or anything you
know gamergate right and all of those
other gates were just sort of weak sauce
right and then Spygate there's no
competition from a branding perspective
spiked it's just the best it's the best
of all the gates you could say anything
else you want to want to say about it
whether he should do it or anything else
that's a separate conversation but given
that he was trying to brand this thing
and trying to put the word spy on it the
way he put low energy on Jeb oh my god
did this work it's one of his best
branding exercises at Barnett's uh-huh
yeah bridge gate so many gates so what's
funny about this is that the news the
enemy press especially was trying to say
it's not us by oh it's crazy that you
call it a spy
it was a human informant it was an
informant so wall president Trump's
enemies were bringing person after
person on to say with explanations wordy
conceptual explanations well let me tell
you the definition of a spy though this
isn't a spy this is simply a human
informant hired by an intelligence
agency to do seeker operative work and
inform back to us not a spy and so they
were actually sort of getting away with
it a little bit like that that attempt
to call it not a spy was actually
working so what does the president do
spy gate spy gate now if you watch and
this has been my my hobby lately is
watching the news trying to cover the
story without using the word spy they
can't do it anymore
he took that away from him it used to be
that they could have told the story
without using the word that yeah they
could say well there was a human
informant and you know the Trump is the
Trump supporters are calling it oh hold
on
[Music]
yes there was a human informant but the
Trump supporters are calling it plus pi
plus PI oh god don't believe anything
suckers suckers so gullible
it's like Sean Hannity tells them
something and they believe that anything
spy now spy Kate can you watch them they
can't not say spy now but they say it
this way which President Trump calls spy
gate which other people say is actually
in a human informant but what are you
here once you've heard spy and you've
heard it from the president and he put
it in a clever little name the best of
all the gates it's a frickin spy now it
wasn't a spy until he brain
but now is a spy so I know I get excited
about all the wrong stuff but this this
little piece of branding is is so good
that I think historians are going to
talk about this one you know with
low-energy jab and crooked Hillary this
is now in the pantheon well like this is
this is in the my god we've never had a
president who could do this before we'll
never have one again maybe we will but I
doubt it
he the this will is this is a sort of
thing that just seals him as as the best
at this you know whether he's the best
president to be determined but the best
at this for sure you probably also the
gave a little press conference thing or
Lee talked to the press not a press
conference on his way to the helicopter
and and he says you know like he goes
the president goes I call a spy gate you
call a spy gate that was the part that
like every time they show that cliff I
laugh outline you know I call a spy gate
you call this by gate because because
even though you call a spy gate part is
just perfect I call a spiky you call
this by gate everybody calls a spy gate
now
spiking spy gate
oh there's a spy emoji huh all right
oh let's also talk about the wall so
there's some legislation that would
allow individuals to donate to a special
trust fund that would only be spent for
the wall I think that's a great idea
nothing I know how much would you know
it would take but I think it would be
something like you know if ten million
people gave $100 a year
you'd probably pay for enough of it you
know be given the rate at which you can
build anyway he can't build the whole
thing of the year I think I think 10
million people giving $100 a year if
somebody can do the math it's probably
something like that
and it doesn't matter if the the funding
will get to you know 25 percent of the
wall or what it will create progress on
the wall and if you have progress and
funding it's just going to look like the
walls getting done and the government
couldn't couldn't make it happen I mean
we may be on the border of of Taxation
not being what it used to be in the old
days the Congress had to decide what you
are getting taxed for and we have this
weird situation where people were saying
can you tax us more you know at least
half the country wants but tax us more
we want to pay for that wall we can't do
it directly just tax us some more why
can't you guys just tax us we want to
pay for this thing now that obviously
that's not most of the country but some
part of the country is saying I'll pay
more taxes just give me a wall and so
there we may see this hybrid government
situation where you just have a direct
way to fund the things you want on top
of the things you had to pay taxes for
so we might see more of this for the
unpopular stuff here's another example
funding for Planned Parenthood there you
go yeah somebody said it just as I was
going to say it Planned Parenthood is
really sort of a perfectly perfect case
for this because the people who pay the
most well let me put this in economic
terms if if I said give me $10 and I'm
giving you nothing that you want you'd
say oh that's $10 I don't want to spend
that's that's just a waste of $10 but if
I say give me $10 and I'll do something
that you really care deeply about that
$10 is going to buy you something use
Oh what you want it deeply then you send
yourself it's only ten dollars why not
yeah and for the people who want to
Planned Parenthood to be funded it's
really really important and if you say
them look I know you care about this and
I know you want the whole government to
pay for it
but I think I think even the people who
are in favor of abortion everybody
understands that the people who are
against abortion are not all
right well you can't say that about
everybody in any group so they're always
a bad people in every group but people
who think life is sacred and then it
starts at birth they're not jerks all
right
you could disagree with them lots of you
have good perfectly reasonable you know
levels you can disagree but they're not
jerks and so I think that they are
they're entitled to not spend their own
money on something that they believe is
murder
that's not my personal opinion by the
way you know not my opinion on abortion
is to leave it to women in other words
if women as a majority you want abortion
to be legal or not legal under one it
under whatever conditions if that's the
majority of what women want I'm just
going to say men what let's let's recuse
ourselves and support it but when it
comes down to who spends money for
things then I think everybody has to be
involved and if some people want to
spend money for this option let them
if somebody says that's a cop-out no it
is the opposite because my opinion is
very firm what makes a law credible let
me give you some background on why in my
opinion if I don't say this every time
things get taken out of context the
reason my opinion on abortion is that
men such as as myself should recuse
themselves from the argument and just
back whatever is the majority of female
opinion is that for issues that are
literally life and death and abortion is
life and death no matter where you say
life begin
at some point somebody is is on their
own wrong side of that and so it's a
life-and-death question but we have to
have it a result abortion will either be
legal or not legal and whichever it goes
a big part of the country is going to be
hop and mad when you have that kind of
situation which is kind of rare a lot of
things don't matter that much there
aren't that many there aren't that many
issues that are actually life and death
to that same extent right other things
that can involve your health and maybe
kill you later
but this is a serious top-level
life-and-death situation and in that
unique situation what's most important
for society is that whichever way the
law goes they no ban it or allow it you
need it to be credible if the law is
credible than the people who didn't get
what they want can go with the system
and they say oh I hate that outcome with
every fiber of my being but it was
obtained in a credible fashion you know
if you believe in the Constitution you
believe in you know majority in most
cases you know creating the laws you can
kind of buy into something that went the
way you didn't want it to go you can
hate it you can protest against it but
you're not going to you're not going to
leave the system you're not going to
cause a revolution because the system
got what the system should get the
majority rule so my my deal is this if
women collectively have an opinion and
that's what the law becomes the the
majority female opinion without men
being you know directly involved in it
that's the most credible law so I will
support the law that the majority of
women want because that's what's best
for the system so when somebody says hi
you're you're copping out by not giving
an opinion it's the opposite I'm giving
you an opinion about how to keep the
entire system stable and credible and
that's a bigger priority
but they don't have the same opinion I
know women don't all have the same
opinion how could you miss the point by
so much how could you miss the point by
so much I only care that the majority of
women that their voice gets heard not
not every part not every woman on the
same side okay all right somebody's
saying it is a stupid point you've left
out the reasons surprised yeah so the
people who say really dumb shockingly
dumb those opinions you'll notice that
nobody would put a reason and you've got
lots of characters so show me your
reasons or it doesn't have to be a full
reason you could just hint at basically
what your problem is with that opinion
good why is it only a women's issue I
didn't say that
go ahead give me give me your reasons
truly wish you would avoid this topic
women can't impregnate themselves that's
not a reason yeah what you're seeing
this right you're seeing that the
reasons against it actually don't make
sense it's not that I disagree or agree
they're not even on topic yeah so you
can see that the people who say that I'm
really dumb can't give you a reason why
that makes sense or is even on topic
somebody says unborn have rights no
nobody said that 18th amendment has
nothing I don't know what pastor they
because men have father rights had
nothing to do with that yeah that's not
part of my calculation that's just a
true thing it's half the father's child
correct has nothing to do with my point
right right so you have lots of
statements that are true but they're not
they're not about my point because the
father would have father rights whether
the you know in all situations men
should have a say in the life they
created where's your reason I gave you a
reason I said that the way that I would
prefer things makes the system more
credible that's a reason but you didn't
give me a reason you just said fathers
have rights too or let me let me do it
this way fathers have rights too I hate
I hate to Dahlia but fathers have rights
to is not a reason nor is it true people
have rights when the law and the
Constitution allow it I mean we can
decide who has what rights somebody says
reason Jesus point oh
so somebody's saying that Jesus is the
reason for why the law should be one way
or another that I'll go with that as a
aive let's say if your reason is
is a religious interpretation then I
will respect that so I respect that some
people have a religious interpretation
but women have religion too so if women
as a majority are on one side I will
allow their religious interpretations to
be the form of credibility for them
somebody said what if women oh my god
the natural rights are inalienable false
false we can make a law against anything
we want it's not inalienable yeah Jesus
never talked about abortion but but
forget about the religious argument
because women have that covered there's
nothing that men are going to add to the
religious argument that women don't say
um you know themselves so women don't
have anything Sparkle life etc yeah I'm
not seeing any reasons
so just check your check your thinking
compare whatever it is you're saying on
this topic about why men should have why
men should not recuse themselves from
having an opinion on this and compared
to mine my reason is that if women as
majority agree with whatever the law
becomes on abortion that's the most
credible outcome for the system even if
you disagree with the outcome so beat
that reason and you've got something but
the no reason stuff doesn't make sense
you don't believe in natural rights
sometimes there there are some things
which are so painful it's almost hard to
talk about so there's this idea that
people have something called natural
rights that they're sort of born with
rights that's true if you want to define
it that way in other words you have a
right to do anything until the law tries
to restrict you but we live in a world
in which we always use the law to
restrict
people in a whole number of ways and
that's our permanent situation it's not
going to change so pretending that we
could somehow just have the have the
Constitution or the laws or the rest of
society not bother us while we express
our rights it's just not a real-world
thing to say but women aren't the only
ones involved in making babies correct
has nothing to do with my point
children have them you recuse yourself
don't recuse me I'm not I'm not refusing
anybody else okay
so if any of your objections have
anything to do with what I'm saying you
might have a point but so far you're
saying things that are true that just
don't have anything to do with my point
here comes the leftist idiocy from Scott
left out the reason I'm open to reasons
and by the way if somebody sees me miss
a reason going by you know feel feel
free to just amplify it somebody says
I'm ignoring comments to make valid
points I may have missed something made
valid points but I'm not contention
ignoring anything do you do fetuses that
grow up to be women have a voice it has
nothing to do with my point the law is
supposed to protect the individual has
nothing to do with my point murderers
not okay no matter what nothing to do
with my point yeah none of this has
anything to do with my point
this is incredibly weak we already
talked about the trump letter that was
the first part of the periscope all
right
maybe we should do a separate periscope
on this there's so many comments I'm
probably missing some single father
opinion should matter
not to the law you give no reason to
believe your plan makes it most credible
I could I can fill out that reason but
I'm gonna wind it down for this for
today the the reason why credibility
matters is if take this mental model
imagine that the law the laws on
abortion were only created by men just
just a mental thought a thought
experiment imagine that all the abortion
laws whether it's legal or illegal were
only made by men and women didn't get a
vote with that law be credible well it
would not because women would say what
the hell
we're the ones actually having the
babies that we don't even get a vote
that would not be a credible law even if
even if the men got the right answer in
your opinion it's still not a credible
law society you wouldn't hold it would
be too disruptive there would be riots
in the street if men and women both vote
which is the current situation you get
the current outcome which is there's
there's there's a law but people don't
feel it's credible necessarily there's a
lot of a lot of people want to change
that law but now imagine if 75 let's say
75% of women this is not the case but
let's say 75% of women were on the same
side of abortion whatever side that is
that would be a pretty credible law
because the women are the ones who they
accept the biggest risk even if they
don't have babies they're assumed to be
fertile when they go into the workplace
and that might influence whether
somebody hires them they've got more
appreciation for the you know the entire
process so if women as a whole are
strongly on one side or the other you've
got a pretty credible rule the people
with the most most in but let me give
you let me give you another
capital punishment the death penalty who
gets killed in the death penalty well
it's almost entirely been all right man
is who get killed by the death penalty
sometimes a woman gets the death penalty
but it's so rare you barely hear about
it so if you said well let's reverse
that around Scott do you agree that
since the death penalty is almost
entirely been that the male opinion or
whether these men should be killed or
given life imprisonment should count
more than woman's opinion well this is a
special case because women are the
victims right so you know there's
nothing that's a perfect example but if
somebody argued that men should decide
whether men are killed or given life
imprisonment I don't say I've listened
to that argument but that's a special
case because there the women are more
often the victims or often the victims
alright that's all for now
sorry I went too far afield and I will
talk to you later