pom pom pom what about about a pom pom
pom pom pom pom pom hello everybody come
on in here I've got my periscoping shirt
on I've got my cup of coffee I got some
stuff to talk about what else do I need
just you come on in here and grab your
coffee
all right somebody says you have your
coffee you're ready for the simultaneous
it oh oh that's good that's good
so before we talk about why President
Trump deserves some credit for progress
in North Korea let us give some credit
to Dennis Rodman now I don't believe
Dennis Rodman has quite done enough to
earn a Nobel Prize for peace but he's
done a lot he's done a lot and there's
something called the presidential medal
of freedom I believe it is
it's the highest civilian honor you can
get for doing something above and beyond
for this service of the country now no
matter what else you say about Dennis
Rodman I'm pretty sure that a big part
of why he went to visit Kim jong-un on
his on his invitation was they thought
it might do something good for the world
well I'm sure he thought it would be fun
and interesting and different and you
know there are lots of reasons to do it
but I'm pretty sure they're doing
something good for the world was a big
part of it secondly he did he had skin
in the game going to North Korea is is
no easy thing right you know you don't
want to you just don't know what's gonna
happen when you go over there when you
go over there so he took a big personal
risk and it may have been a you know a
contributing factor to world you know
world peace or at least peace in this
context so I say Dennis Rodman
Presidential Medal of Freedom but let's
talk about
president Trump's contribution to this I
say it because I think you're all you're
all experiencing the same thing I am
at least on social media of people who
can't wrap their head around the fact
that he had anything to do with anything
good and especially something this big
so people are literally saying tell me
one thing that President Trump did to
make a difference in North Korea come on
it's all it's all president moon and Kim
jong-un and maybe it's President Xi but
give me one thing that president Trump
did and the first few times I heard that
I thought I crazy not isn't paying
attention but it turns out that might be
the dominant opinion of half the country
so somehow half the country is looking
at this whole situation and doesn't see
president Trump's of fingerprints on
anything at least not anything
productive so I put together a quick
list which I'm going to read to you just
so we have a an audio copy of this some
of you saw this online so here are just
a few things I'm going to try to go
through them quickly of things that
President Trump did to contribute to
progress in North Korea so President
Trump had this America first approach
which is a pretty good way to disrupt to
go talk to a dictator and say believe us
we don't want to conquer your country
it's America first that's our whole
thing I you know I got elected because
the citizens like that too you know
whatever you thought about us in the
past right now we're kind of you know
keep them to the home the home front so
that was good so that was good
positioning before he even talked to
North Korea he already had a base that
said look we don't want to mess with you
that's that's our starting position we
don't care about you that's very
important he came in with President
Trump has a reputation as a deal
if you're in a tight spot as Kim jong-un
has Bandhan is you want to know that the
other person is a deal maker you can
work something out so that maybe there's
a win for you you know it's not somebody
who's just a crazy guy who just wants to
kill you but that's it you know can you
negotiate well president Trump is a
famous deal maker so your head is in the
place of well maybe I can make a deal
because I'm dealing with a famous deal
maker those two things are very
important the fact that it's America
first and he's a famous deal maker they
set the table so that Kim could see
something that was maybe in an off-ramp
president Trump built a great working
can relationships with China's President
Xi Japan's eBay and South Korea's moon
and their good relationships that makes
a difference that probably may be better
than any relationship we've seen if you
can't hold three of them together then
President Trump ordered general mattis
who I call the scariest general in the
universe to demonstrate overwhelming
force at the border now other people
have done that but we're doing a list of
everything the President did do now
having a president mattis is better than
having a sorry having a general mattis
is a better situation than having a
general anything else because his
reputation is good and scary at the same
time that's a hard hard mix right we
know him to be sane and competent and
really good at his job
well pretty darn scary that's that's
your perfect situation so then there was
president Trump used Syria for missile
target practice just in case Kim thought
we like to save our ammo it was a good
show of force in Syria that probably had
more to do with North Korea and Syria
you know once you show look we didn't
buy all these weapons just to keep them
on the ships you know we're we got
weapons we'll use them this is a very
important mental
prep if you're talking to somebody who
is worried that you might use a weapon
using the weapon is a pretty convincing
display of of your willingness then of
course Trump got the UN to agree on
sanctions that's you know that's a big
part of it I also said that Trump
resisted pressure to go full-on
anti-putin he had all the reasons to do
that but Putin was presumably somebody
you at least didn't want you to stop
progress with North Korea right you
didn't want him to be an obstacle so you
have to strike that balance where you're
you're a little bit tough on Russia but
you're not so tough that they'll screw
you on North Korea and he was always
walking that balance and people kept
saying why are you doing that why don't
you just tougher on Russia well North
Korea might be part of the answer
because it's helpful to have Putin at
least not be in the way
and of course this was a big deal Trump
kept pressure on China for sanctions and
he did it again and again when it looked
like not enough was being done he kept
the pressure on publicly and so you did
it with complete respect and he used the
risk so Trump used the risk of shame at
the same time as the hand of friendship
so the China had the carrot and the
stick working at the same time and it
looks like something good happened there
president Trump offered no concessions
whatsoever prior to having a real you
know deal that really would get rid of
nukes so he's given away nothing and and
you see some concessions if you can call
them that on on the other side which
probably is more of an indication that a
deal is done but we don't see any
concessions on our side at least nothing
public president Trump also did not
believe that the best deal we could get
is a freeze on their nuclear stuff from
day one he was get rid of every one of
them you've got two to two ways to lose
your nuclear weapons the easy way and
the hard way but those are the only
choices
you the fries that's not on the table
we're not talking about a phrase you
have two ways to lose your nuclear
weapons this is again good persuasion
two choices they're both the ones we
want you know one is far better than the
other of course of course
Trump use the good-cop bad-cop
persuasion president moon was good cap
President Trump and Maness were bad cop
here's a big deal Trump went to war
against individual companies you know in
the past we would rely on the home
country to try to stop their own you
know I guess you'd call them sanction
breaking vessels and whatnot
and that number that doesn't work for
whatever reason the countries wouldn't
or couldn't crack down on their own
citizens who were breaking the sanctions
so President Trump said all right I gave
you plenty of chances you know it
couldn't have been more chances for you
to do it yourself
now we'll do it and he would go after
individuals and individual companies in
other countries I think that's
unprecedented at least at the scale we
did it and certainly and certainly for
this purpose that was probably one of
the biggest deals and then he
strengthened that by showing the
satellite pictures of the captured
captured cargo ships or tankers visual
persuasion is very good and we show them
look we can see you from space here's a
picture of your ship you only have to
take a few of those ships and then
suddenly the economics of being a
sanction breaker doesn't work anymore
because you know you're not going to
take a 20 percent chance of your whole
company going out of business just to
get a little extra margin on some
sanction breaking alright
president Trump of course added military
unpredictability to the mix Kim jong-un
never really knew and still doesn't know
what President Trump is capable of this
is intentional he talks about it all the
time President Trump does
and probably was important on the
psychology of the situation President
Trump made the risk to Kim feel real and
immediate the fire and fury comment is
really good persuasion fire is something
that you kind of see and feel and you
can visualize really easy fury is one of
those great words that just allows you
to imagine whatever is the worst thing
you can imagine and it's there's fire
there at the same time and and it's also
unusual language coming from an American
president so it sticks in your head and
you're like I can't stop thinking about
fire and fury it's really that's really
good persuasion from the president
president Trump did something called
pacing which is where you match the
person you're trying to influence in
this case he matched Kim jong-un insult
for insult and there were kind of funny
insults you know they were serious and
funny at the same time and what
President Trump did that looked like it
was crazy when people were watching it
but never was was he took this what was
this dangerous rhetoric and he made it
silly he just turned it a silly because
he was a little over the top with you
know rocket man and then the dotard came
back and I'm not going to call you short
in fact I hope we can be friends he took
it from this literally deadly serious
mode to what's happening here
you know you could imagine kim jong
doesn't say all right what did the
president who's got his you know arsenal
aimed at me what does he say I won't
call you short and fat what's happening
here all right the the what's happening
here moment is deeply important because
it just took them from whatever mindset
they were in to what's happening here
I thought I knew this situation I think
we're supposed to say evil things you
know make shows a force say we'll never
back down I don't know what's happening
here with these tweets so suddenly your
mind goes to just
different place and that opens up you
know opens up options keeps him
off-balance somebody just said exactly
it just created options because it put
mines in different places and president
Trump's 20 tweets were personal messages
to Kim so instead of talking about North
Korea
he talked directly to Kim in public
right in a weird way that treated him
like a peer he sort of took Kim jong-un
to the presidential you know debate
level publicly which in a weird way is
showing him respect even though they
were insulting each other I suppose you
would have to be male
to fully understand you know the the
psychology of this but when men do
locker room talk to each other it's it's
sort of a weird bonding exercise and I
think that this taunting back-and-forth
you know we'll know someday when we hear
what Kim jong-un says about it but I
think in some way humanized both of them
and put them on a talking level and just
made them imagine they could talk to
each other they they showed that they
were the same person
in terms of you know some of their
approaches to public discourse here's a
big one Trump expanded the discussion
meaning the peace discussion from
nuclear weapons or no nuclear weapons
which had always been the question the
question had only been nukes or no nukes
and we had often said that's all we care
about we don't care about anything else
just nukes or no nukes limited to that
but that's not many variables it's hard
to make a deal when you have so few
David variables but president Trump
either expanded or agreed to allow it to
expand it could have been somebody
else's initiative to turn it into a
conversation about reunification and
then that might have been Kim jong-un
which was kind of brilliant on this part
I think because once you've got
reunification
and a denuclearization question suddenly
that all the problems of denuclearizing
are lessened because if the if you're
doing so many things to reunify it just
makes trust easier it it makes it clear
what direction everybody wants to go it
tells you what's in everybody's minds
you don't have to guess you know
everybody's on the same path why would
you destroy the country that you're
trying to reunify right so many of the
problems of verification trust and all
the things that are hard to do with a
nuclear program they just sort of become
non problems when reunification is on
the table and serious so that was a big
big deal
the other thing Trump did is he squeezed
the North Korean economy in escalating
steps so he started with you know little
squeeze didn't work better squeeze
squeeze squeeze squeeze and what he did
was he created this mental pattern where
North Korea could look at the squeezing
and say oh every single time it changes
it gets worse there's a pretty clear
pattern here it's just gonna get worse
until there's nothing left over here so
President Trump went to a ruination
level sanctions and I don't think North
Korea thought that would happen I
imagine that they thought we wouldn't go
to the point of literally just
destroying North Korea economically but
Trump made it pretty clear that was on
the table complete economic destruction
and fairly soon it looked like it was
going to happen this year nobody did
that before and then fire and fury let's
talk about that support I talked about
what great visual persuasion is but it's
just one of those things you can't get
out of your head it becomes almost a
brand
did you see how cleverly you branded
North Korea with the fire and fury like
you can't get that out of your head
the you know I imagine how many times
that was that phrase was mentioned in
North Korea in whatever translated form
all right so those are sample of things
that President Trump did to get progress
in North Korea we could just gonna call
it progress because we hope it ends well
looks like it will and I'm creating this
periscope as well as you saw me tweet
and then I just did a and easier to read
version of the same list that I just
read on my blog just so what there's a
permanent record
I would like to give permission to any
other outlets or media people if you'd
like to copy my list you have my
permission to copy and you can take it
word-for-word if you like just because I
think this is one of those situations
where I'm not looking for the copyright
credit I'm just looking for an agreement
that something happened here that we can
all see now you you may have seen my
exchanges with Chris ELISA I think I'm
pronouncing that right of CNN he would
be one of the president's biggest
consistent critics and he's still on the
the stormy stormy stormy story and I may
have lost my temper a little bit on
social media you know here here's my
issue and I said this in my follow-up
tweet to him in which I was I was unkind
but consider the real what appears to be
the situation now I can't say this is a
hundred percent accurate
but it's looking you know 95% accurate
so I'm willing to say it without
president Trump as our president I
believe we would be in a very bad
situation with North Korea it's not
clear to me that a President Clinton
could have gotten us to this point
because President Clinton is sort of the
old way of thinking that got us to the
bad point all right so I'll use my my
favorite saying the old way of thinking
got us the way we were to where we were
was Hillary Clinton going to add a new
kind of thinking probably not and we're
talking about you know nuclear war here
so when I started talking favorably
about President Trump very early in the
process and I know nobody's gonna
believe this but you those of you who've
watched me long enough maybe have some
trust that I wouldn't lie about this
it's exactly the sort of thing that
somebody would lie about and I have no
way of proving it but I think I have a
little bit of credibility with some of
you a big big part of what I saw as the
potential of President Trump is this the
North Korea thing it looked to me like
it was a deal makers problem and not a
military problem and I thought what the
hell
I know Trump is gonna break some dishes
right nobody nobody supported the
president Trump and thought to
themselves well he's gonna you know he's
gonna ballet through that china shop and
he'll never touch a dish you know nobody
thought that everybody thought he was
going to come in with both elbows
knocking dishes off of both sides of the
aisle but they he could do a few things
that just weren't doable by regular
mainstream politicians so the North
Korean situation was in my mind always
number one on the reason to have a
Trump let's get back to Chris ELISA he
and his CNN buddies many of them anyway
seem fairly obviously trying to remove
the president and have since
inauguration day now in nor in a normal
situation there are sides and people are
biased and you know it's just a normal
situation doesn't make much difference
in this case had Chris solicit let's say
broken you know a great story or framed
it right and let's say he done his job
so well that he actually removed
President Trump before this North Korea
progress I mean we're talking about CNN
employees who could have literally
destroyed the country in a nuclear
fireball am i exaggerating it isn't it
true this CNN almost destroyed the
country in the nuclear war
tell me I'm wrong tell me that Chris
ELISA specifically because he is sort of
a I would say he's a maybe the most
prominent voice on medium tight jumpers
who of the people who are there every
day a lot of the talking against come
and go but of the people who were there
every day he's probably the strongest
anti-trump voice if he had gotten his
way and it's pretty obvious that what
you would prefer is the removal of
President Trump me he would not be alone
in that that's that's half the country
probably if he has gotten his way we
would be a nuclear peril with no wood no
hope of fixing it and and you look at
the size of that difference and and and
I think here's what what touched me off
a little bit those of us who put our
necks out for this president we did it
for this right and you know who I'm
talking about because many of you were
in the same position those of us who
lost our friends those of us
to their people got divorced over this
people who their career suffered there
are people who got beaten beaten in the
streets for supporting this president
all right now some might say we did it
so he would lower our taxes well that's
fine the taxes are real they affect
people that's not why I did it I did it
for this you know this is why I did it
all right so you're welcome for all
those people who have been trying to
stop this from happening
meaning progress in North Korea you were
on the wrong side and I don't think it
could be any more clear at this point
you know we still hope that it it ends
in a good result and it looks like it
will but a lot of us took a lot of abuse
for two years a lot of abuse and we did
it voluntarily nobody had to be here
every one of you is a volunteer we all
volunteered for years of abuse to get
this right so too early to celebrate and
I'm not going to ask you to but we did
this for a reason this wasn't random and
it wasn't because we thought we wanted
big ol racist Hitler president I've
never even met anybody who thought like
that so it's a it's an interesting time
and perhaps the beginning of the Golden
Age so that's enough on that point I've
got a bunch of work I need to do today
and I'm going to go do that so
congratulations to all of you pre
congratulations for being part of
something that may be just a gift to the
world and you know what I say about
success in North Korea let me tell you
this is what I say about the success of
North Korea Iran you're next
you