good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams because
that's what we do here in addition to
hearing the funniest takes on the news
that you've ever heard in your whole
life if you'd like to make this
experience go up to a level that you
can't even imagine now all you need is a
cup of cup or mugg or a glass a Tanger
chalis D in the canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparallel pleasure of
the dopamine hit of the day the thing
that makes everything better it's called
the simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go ah savor it savor
it good good
savoring well here's news from Japan did
you know that uh I saw this on uh post
from end
wokeness uh that the did you know the
Apple stores in Japan they don't uh lock
up the
goods if you go into an Apple store in
Japan you could pick up an iPhone and
just walk out the door with
it but nobody
does is that hard to hold in your
head that they you know a $1,000 phone
is just sitting on a counter in this
busy bustling
place they're not even worried about
somebody stealing it it's just not even
a
thing I'll tell you in the last year
I've had I've heard so many good things
about
Japan is this happening to you as well
people who have gone there I've probably
been asked more have I gone to Japan
than any other place I've been asked and
the story is always the same people get
there and they say um I didn't know what
a modern city look like until I went to
Tokyo and they say stuff like uh you
can't believe how good it is in Tokyo
and they say things like the people and
the women are so nice and nothing
there's it's clean it's completely
clean so I'm going to put Japan on my
short list of places to escape if things
get too bad
here speaking of things getting too bad
Chicago has decided that what they need
and their city is uh fewer smart people
they need fewer smart students so what
they're going to do is they're going to
eliminate the gifted school program so
that the gifted people uh cannot stand
out compared to the average
people because gifted people is you know
if you help the people who are
gifted how is that going to be good for
the world am I
right how could that possi turn out well
for everybody helping the most capable
among us to excel I don't see anything
good that can come from that except for
racism so as one of them said uh who was
be this program to get rid of the gifted
schools uh the gifted programs just add
stress because it allows some students
to achieve higher levels of Education
yeah if you let some people do better
than other people well that's just going
to add stress to the
system so you don't want any stress in
your system do you because what are what
are some systems that have stress let's
see
democracy
capitalism life
itself yeah you don't want any of that
so get rid of all that stress and you'll
have a good time may I say the Chicago
looks like the stupidest people
I've ever seen in my life there's some
really stupid people running your your
state or your city by the way Chicagoans
did you know how stupid they are I mean
they're really really stupid there's no
other story to tell you right I'd love
to say this is oh it's Democrats versus
Republicans it's not no this is stupid
versus smart and they've very clearly
even framed it that way they've actually
framed it that they don't want smart
people ruining their Sy
well they're getting their
way if you vote for stupidity over smart
you going to get it so good for them
they're getting what they
want uh apparently it's now legal for
the Texas police to arrest illegal
immigrants the big surprise of this
story is wait a minute that wasn't the
case before apparently not apparently
not apparently the police were helpless
to arrest people that were obviously in
the country
illegally um but now that's
changed so we'll see if that makes a
difference
um question do you think that we could
recover America from its current bad
situation because we're kind of in a
woke Cesspool and the economy seems to
you have too much debt although there is
a lot that looks good in the economy
I'll give Biden that but the debt seems
un unsurvivable really I don't know how
we could survive it but ramas Swami has
some ideas he says as president he'll re
repeal lynon Johnson's executive order
that mandated race-based
quotas he says every Republican since
Johnson had the opportunity to do it but
I'll do it on day one without an
apology do you think that would help the
economy to get rid of race-based
quotas in theory I mean not right away
but in theory you should how about uh
he's going to reduce federal employees
by
75% is that do you think that's
feasible a lot of people would said
there's no way you can do that until
they watched Elon must do
it Elon must did it reduced you the old
Twitter by
80% and traffic's up 22% compared to
last year at this
time let me say that again
80% of the staff of Twitter were fired
or
left and in that
year traffic is up
22% it's doing
great yeah at the xplatform is doing
great traffic-wise they still need to be
cash positive uh he's going to says
he'll shut down the Redundant agencies
and he'll resend 50% of federal
regulations that failed to meet some BPA
standards
or some West Virginia versus EPA
standard
Etc
now do you think some of those things
will make a
difference I think so some of those
things make a difference but uh kamla
Harris is also working on important
things uh she's reportedly going to
travel the country in 2024 highlighting
the uh the abortion fight so she wants
to make sure that abortions on the top
of people's mind
as we go into the
election and I don't know you know Comm
Harris has had a number of Special
Projects but this one feels like the
most
OnPoint and honestly it's one of the few
things that everybody can get behind
because I think what she'll be doing is
advocating that Democrats um terminate
their terminate their pregnancies before
those children grow up to vote for
Democrats now that feels like something
you could all get behind cuz I don't
think the
Republicans are going to have much
difference in their reproduction based
on the abortion laws but the Democrats
will you know if it's less available
there'll be fewer of
them so commo will be trying to suppress
the number of Democrats that are
born and I don't
know
maybe everybody
wins I don't
know so and the weird thing about it is
that of course it's not even a federal
situation at the moment shouldn't
be um apparently in Washington DC there
have been six people already fined for
voting twice in the 2020
election and apparently the way they did
it is they voted once by mail and then
once in person and both votes were
counted but now they're being caught
here's my bigger question that I did not
find in the story how do you vote
twice I guess I don't know enough about
voting if you say isn't there someplace
in the voting process you have to put
your social security number down or is
that is that not
true does all no your your Social
Security number is not required for
voting at any point not for any part of
the process or just registering it's
only when you register
right never not even when you
register huh well I guess we found the
problem can anybody think of a reason
why your social security number would
not be important for establishing your
right to vote is that because there are
legal citizens who don't have a Social
Security
number or is it because some people who
have social security numbers are not
legal so they don't want to use that
well I guess I don't know why the rule
is the way it is
anyway but six got caught but well after
the fact so the big question we ask is
how common is
this well each of these people reasoned
correctly that even if they got caught
the penalty would be minimal or
none so I guess five of them have a $100
fine $100 fine minimal right you could
survive a $100
fine so how many do you think people do
you think voted twice and just got away
with it and nobody ever caught
them I don't even know how they caught
these ones how do they catch them it's
not in the the article doesn't say how
they caught
them but here's what it does suggest
it suggests that people who are willing
to vote in the first place you know
that's already a
subset but if they can they're willing
to vote
twice so apparently the only thing that
matters is
opportunity if you can vote twice
apparently there is willingness to do it
now if this were Japan do you think this
would be a
problem they don't even lock up their
their iPhones and the Apple Store in
Japan they probably just vote once and
say well I never vote twice why would I
vote twice that'd be crazy I don't know
about that
but so this doesn't prove that any
elections were rigged but it does prove
that there's a large gaping hole in our
ability to audit now if what happened is
we can audit the double votes but not
until two years after the
election let it's like not really having
an audit so here's the question which we
uh even to this day nobody's ever
answered imagine how easy this would be
to do uh somebody who knows how our
election process works you know somebody
who's an expert give us a onepage sheet
that's got a a box for each of the
processes in a vote could be you know
different sheets for different uh
precincts but the boxes would be such
things like uh get a get something in
the mail to register to vote you know
send in your register to vote um get
your ballot in the mail send in your
ballot and vote in person so you have
all these steps and then once you vote
there are further steps for counting so
it might be uh count the ballots in
front of people uh put them in a pile
have them sent through the counting
machine compare the images to the
physical votes if that's what they do so
in other words it would be easy to break
down each of the steps would it not and
then one of the steps would be the vote
is transmitted electronically to this
other
database and that's that's a step and
then I'd like to see once you have this
big you know it' be kind of a busy page
I'd like it to be
colorcoded for how many of these steps
can be checked either the of the
election or in an audit easily what
would it look like would it look like a
big page of boxes and only like three of
them are colored because those are the
things you can check or would it look
like it's almost entirely checkable and
there's you a couple little things
sticking out that are hard to check what
would it look like and why don't you
know that why don't why is it that not a
single person who's listening to me
right now could answer the question of
the the entire election process from
registration to the final vote and then
even audits how much of that is actually
really
checkable do you know if you're a
Democrat you think it's all checkable
because your news has told you if they
didn't find any problems therefore
logically if so fact you QED no rigging
happened because you didn't find any the
Republican
say maybe he didn't look in the right
place who's
right I have no idea how would I know
I've never seen anybody explain how much
of our process can can be
checked and do you know why nobody does
that because you think that one side
would want to do it right you know there
would always be one side who thinks
maybe the cheating is working against
them so you think well at least at least
the Republicans would do it you tell me
there's no Republican who's ever
produced a
one-pager that shows what can be audited
easily and what can not be audited never
never done that we've people have been
 bitching for three years and
nobody who understands the system could
just put it on one page and say yeah
these are thoroughly checked and there
is no way you could cheat in the
following ways and then show us the
other boxes well we wish we could check
these a little bit better we haven't
found any problems but honestly if there
were problems we don't know if we could
find them
right you tell me is that not the most
obvious thing that your news should have
told you every day since
2020 every single day from TW the 2020
election every day they should have told
you here's the landscape here are the
things you can check here are the things
you can't check because what if I'm
surprised and it can all be checked I
would be surprised
but it's not
impossible I'm actually open to the
possibility that the Democrats are right
just think about that I'm open to the
possibility that anything that's a large
cheat is 100%
detectable I don't think that's the case
but I could be talked into it in other
words if you said to me you know there's
a process where they count the votes as
they happen and then there's a separate
check where they make sure they got the
right number of votes something like
that then I'd say Okay under those
conditions that does seem like if it was
any kind of big cheat you'd have a way
to catch it but is that the case is it
do any of you know do you even know
anybody who knows can you even name
somebody who in your opinion could tell
you if an election could be cheated I
don't I don't know anybody to even ask I
don't know anybody in the public eye I
don't know any expert who's ever
appeared on TV I don't know any
politician I don't know any technical
person I don't know any critic I don't
know any anybody at all I have no idea
who you could
ask are our elections secure and can we
know that for
sure now why is
that why is it that it's the most
important question in the country or the
elections secure because am I right that
everything follows from
that if we believe the elections were
not secure we would overthrow our
country and we would overthrow the
government right so everything flows
from that and it's completely
explainable right you know think there's
anybody who could explain the steps and
then tell you what vulnerabilities are
in each step of course they could of
course they could I don't know who but
somebody could do it do you think the
news has tried really hard to find
somebody like that that they could bring
on to really tell you well you know 80%
of our elections are totally bulletproof
but we got a few little problems over
here honestly and we wouldn't know if
something
happened why don't we see
that I can only think of one
reason that the Republicans and the
Democrats are both invested in rigged
elections do you see any other
explanation because it's the most
obvious thing the Republicans would do
if they arguing 2020 wasn't legitimate
it's the most obvious thing so in my
opinion the Republicans have a dumb
stupid
argument show us the landscape show us
how it's even hypothetically possible
that there could be some rigging even in
a
hypothetical if you can't show
us that shut the up about a rigged
election because I don't believe
anything the Republicans are saying if
they don't if they doubt the election
they're not even
trying do you remember all those
Republican processes to fix the
elections this time I don't
don't I do think some of the states
tightened up some stuff I don't know if
that's going to make a difference did
anybody explain to you that if let's say
Georgia whoever it is Florida did
anybody explain to you that if they made
these changes because there are some
changes that got tweaked that that these
cover up all the holes in our election
process right here's the page of all the
holes and they fixed them no no nobody's
ever even tried to connect any changes
in the election process in any state
with a larger picture of how many holes
there are and whether this makes any
difference at all now the thing that
should be bothering you is that nobody
told you what I'm telling you until
now not a single
pundit nobody it's the first time you've
heard that nobody in the country has
ever even heard an
explanation of how much of our election
system is vulnerable
now could it be because they don't want
to tell you where the vulnerabilities
are in case bad people try to exploit
them not good
enough yeah I mean I could imagine
somebody thinking that not good enough
you need to tell us where those holes
are and we'll tell you if you need to
fix
them you don't get to not tell us where
the vulnerabilities are no no no you
don't protect prot us that way that's
not protecting me you tell us where
those vulnerabilities are it's not a
military
problem all right Alec Baldwin got uh
accosted on the street I guess and some
Palestinian protester was getting on him
because he's a Hollywood guy he wanted
to find out what his Hollywood opinion
is on Gaza Etc and here's what uh Alec
Baldwin shouted back at him I there was
more to The Exchange but here the part I
could hear he yelled at the protester
who was getting in his
face asked me a smart
question very good Alec Baldwin very
very
good that that's what I've been teaching
you and in fact I think I did it
yesterday on on X when people come into
my uh comments and you know they asked
that uh do you still beat your uh wife
question it's the question you know is
an illegitimate question to take you
down a a path of stupidity now I used to
take the debate on those because the
question would be stupid I thought oh
I'm going to make fun of this stupid
question I'm gonna you know like I
really tear them apart with all my facts
and logic and that never works the
better thing is if somebody asks you a
stupid question you say ask me a better
question ask me a smart question it just
shuts him down immediately so Alec
Baldwin
actually obviously he didn't get it from
me but there's a little lesson for you
right there ask a better question I say
better question he said smart question
same place but better question is a
little less in your face but gets you to
the same
place all right uh
Iceland uh apparently had the volcano
has now erupt
Ed and the entire nation of Iceland has
melted they
melted so that's sad so Iceland Iceland
is no more country was made of ice and
the volcano melted
it I'm just checking to see if there are
any Democrats
here cuz remember Democrats think
January 6 was an
Insurrection so so how much of a stretch
is it to tell them that Iceland melted
it's not that much of a stretch they
think the president of the United States
once recommended injecting a bleach into
your
body they believe
that is that a big stretch from Iceland
melted no no that's a very small little
leap there they believe that the
president of the United States once
called neo-nazis Fine people in the
context of being the president of the
United States they think that actually
happened you think it's a big stretch
from that to Iceland melted no it's a
very small leap very
small all right they also think Trump's
going to become a dictator if he gets
elected is that a big
leap to Iceland melted no small one but
I'm glad to see that none of you
believed it once again the smartest
audience in all the
politics uh Congress ended its what
axios calls its most unproductive uh
term ever the 118th
Congress uh only passed a a couple dozen
laws where normally they're passing I
don't know hundreds of laws but that's
all they could get done in the 118th to
which I say good
job good job thank
you as has anybody listened to vake
realos Swami lately who explains to you
that the more laws we have the worse off
we
are you know they all sound good
individually but collectively oh no is
Elon Musk it's Elon Musk I think V says
it too but Elon Musk did this guler's
analogy where guliver is held down by
all these you know minor strings but
there's so many of them they can hold
them down and that every time we pass a
new law it might be well intended it's
just at some point there are too many
and you can't get anything
done all right so I don't know is that
good news or bad news that they got
nothing done to me it feels a little bit
like good news was there a law that they
should have passed that uh that they
didn't I can't think of
one like the ones that they were trying
to get done and took a long time I
thought well maybe that should take a
long time
I don't know has it me yet Fox News poll
says only
14% of respondents say they've been held
by Biden's economics
policies how in the world do you win an
election as an incumbent if 14% of the
people think your economic policies are
working for them
14%
14 that is so far from being
electable but you know what they're
going to do does everybody know what the
play is oh there's a
play yeah V ramaswami called it out uh I
called it out privately the other day as
I was explaining investment advice to a
young person and I said the following
you probably need to be in stocks right
now because it's an election year and
Biden is sucking wind there is nearly
100% chance that the statistics will be
gained and the interest rates will be
twe twak to have a uh a boost in stocks
and the economy to get Biden elected
sure enough the FED is talking about
some rate Cuts because rate Cuts pretty
much always lift the stock
market and make the economic people talk
like things are good because the stock
market's good now the stock market is
not a perfect proxy for the health of
the economy it's more of a proxy for the
health of the rich people in the economy
but it's part of a story they would make
it look like the economy and biomics is
working so do you think that the
government would government
will uh engineer a fake um bump in the
economy to get Biden elected there's a
100% chance that's going to happen
there's a 100% chance that's going to
happen now this is not investment advice
because there are other variables not
just politics right there could be a big
shock from the outside Etc so don't buy
stock because I say so do not buy stock
because I said so don't do anything
because cartoonists tell you to do it
right that's good good
advice
but I'm going to load up in fact as soon
as I get off the phone I'm probably
going to load up on you know I'm just
going to take any cash I have and put it
into the stock market you know like five
minutes after I get off of
this yeah
so that's what I'm looking at but don't
follow my
advice uh new study says that uh smoking
shrinks your brain and if you stop
tobacco and if you stop smoking your
brain doesn't get any bigger they also
say that drinking alcohol shrinks your
brain and stopping doesn't make it
bigger and that's why they think that
smokers and drinkers have more problems
with Alzheimer's
because they have these tiny smooth
brains the size of a
marble I added that last
part tiny smooth brains the size of a
marble so um but this finally answers
the question I've been wondering for a
long time have you ever wondered how
ancient civilizations could build
pyramids and you move those Easter
Island
Stones no
cigarettes no cig cigarettes yeah their
their brains were Not
shrunken by alcohol and cigarettes so
they were way smarter in fact they had
giant giant heads just big old heads
most of what I tell you today isn't
true but this is uh James O'Keefe has
the goods on IBM's Red Hat group uh so
they've got some internal slides that
some whistleblower gave them I guess
that explains how whiteness works
what that's a real thing the IBM's Red
Hat group it's a subdivision or separate
company they own or something uh but
it's part of IBM and they actually have
an internal document how whiteness works
and it goes on to say whiteness
constructs the game hides the rules then
rigs the game over and over
again because white people are pieces of
 and they should I'll be what hunted
down and killed no it doesn't say that
that last part I made up I didn't make
up the first part and the first part
does imply the second part so the second
part is implied but it's not actually
written down yeah yeah IBM are a bunch
of
racists
unambiguously
unambiguously
racists pieces of
 if you work for for that company
you should consider maybe pushing your
management or making a change go work
somewhere where uh where they're not
racists I mean that's what I do yeah IBM
is an unambiguously racist
organization too
bad well Mitch McConnell's uh approval
level is up to uh
6%
6%
6.0 in case you misheard that you might
have heard it as 60 no not 60 not 60
six
six% yeah that's according to a Monmouth
poll and uh even Republicans have a net
negative opinion of
him he's the only member of Congress to
have a negative score among fellow
Republicans
so let me see if I can get this
straight the head the head Democrat is
Joe Biden whose brain literally doesn't
work but don't worry because we have a a
competitive
system so right now not counting Trump
who's not in
office the head eled Republican has 6%
support he's disliked by his own party
and is clearly mentally
challenged the two most important people
and the two parties that are also
elected and serving at the moment are
unambiguously mentally incapable
unambiguously right I'm not going to say
McConnell's fine and Biden's in bad
shape it's obviously they're both have a
problem right
how do we how do we allow this how did
we get to this point how in the world
did we get to this
point meanwhile I see you prompting me
to talk about
Federman Federman could be
president and I don't mean that as a
joke because he had the stroke and I'm
making fun of the capabilities of the
others I'm saying it because he's saying
things in public the Republicans are
even saying hey hey oh wait a minute
that makes
sense so he's opposed to massive
immigration and the Republicans are say
hey fed okay that that made sense and
now he came out against uh Japanese
company buying us steel he says that's
crazy to which I say fedman you cra okay
that made sense that does make sense
fedman is going full America
First fedman has gone
full America first now that doesn't mean
he's going to agree with Republicans on
all issues it just means that the lens
he's putting on these issues is America
first now he may have a different
opinion of what's good for America
fine fine that's a good
conversation but his filter is right is
it not does that
America I'm not sure I ask for much
more not asking for a lot more yeah
could he be president
yes yes he
could the the the fact that I'm saying
that out loud and I'm not embarrassed to
say it is freaking
amazing but has something to do with the
fact oh did we get our 34 Minute
glitch uh both platforms said they
glitched at at the 34 Minute
mark
what is that it must be on my side
because it's both
platforms because there's nothing that
would affect both of them except my side
why would what would
happen there's nothing happening in my
house that would boost the
Wii I don't know something weird
happening and unions as well all right
so keep an eye on Federman I don't know
if he's back to 100% function that would
matter but uh he's he's certainly
breaking the mold there I don't mind
that at all and you know what when he
does
this and by this I mean America
First suddenly the way he dresses makes
sense anybody have that anybody have
that feeling you know when he was saying
all the wrong stuff you know showing up
in his baggy gym clothes look like just
disrespect
respectful but when he starts saying
things that are uh clearly good for the
country but not so much for his
political party then I see his yeah then
I see it as anti-establishment
exactly I I see his resistance to even
wearing the clothes of the establishment
suddenly makes sense he he went from a
slob to uh I don't know a patriot or
something I don't want to praise him too
far because tomorrow he'll do something
I don't like but I don't want to be the
person who can't call
out uh someone on the other team doing
something that's good for the country
I'm not going to let that go so good for
you
fedman all right um John Oliver spent 30
minutes on his
show the surprising part about this is
did you all know John Oliver has a show
he has a
show I thought he I thought he got fired
a long time ago I didn't even know all
right but he has a show so he spent 30
minutes of it trashing Elon
Musk does that sound organic to
you now I don't think he's like getting
paid by the Democrats to do it but it's
pretty obvious that they're just in this
uh Trump panic and they all know what to
do so they're just uh
getting together well here's some good
news you know Brandon straa of the
what's the name of his movement the walk
away or something so he was a Democrat
who became a republican more of a trump
supporting Republican and rejected his
own side and he attended January
6 um did not go inside and did not do
any
violence so no legal problems for him am
I right he he didn't go
inside yeah didn't go inside didn't
didn't trespass inside didn't hurt
anybody but he was accused of
uh what was he accused of he was
sued under the KKK act alleging that he
engaged as a in a white supremacist
attack on a black and brown police
officers on black and brown police
officers that he caused their injuries
in
quotes which is included being pepper
strayed and becoming exhausted so being
exhausted as part of their injuries and
that he conspired to encroach on their
civil rights wow that's pretty bad stuff
Brandon look at all those bad things
that Brandon was allegedly
did you know what the outcome was he won
his
case so he won his case do you know what
he
won because he never had any contact
whatsoever with the people who sued him
they weren't even on the same side of
the uh
building they weren't even in the
general area that he was and he he
managed to prove it he managed to prove
that he never had any contact with him
whatsoever too
far too
far do you think that uh the Democrats
going after Brandon straa is entirely
because they watched his one individual
actions that day and thought these Must
Be Stopped any way we can no CU he
didn't do anything they cared about they
only care that he us convincing
Democrats to walk away and they must
think he's good at it so they're just
going to laware him out of existence but
it didn't
work and you know what happens when it
doesn't
work he gets stronger he's up to about
800,000 followers on the
xplatform if you're not following him
why don't you give the finger to the
system and give him a follow why don't
you boost his power because they tried
to stop him how about
that because I'll tell you the only
reason you're listening to
me is because you saved
me you the audience when I got cancelled
which was a political act
primarily there were enough people who
said I reject that political act and I'm
going to support him by buying his book
or joining joining the subscription or
whatever you literally saved my public
political life as well as my
career
and I'm going to spend the rest of my
life repaying
that damn all of
you I'm sort of wired for reciprocity so
I can't be that saved and not pay it
back right so there's going to be
payback you will get paid back I will
pay you back
Brandon straa is on many of your
sides and he won and he's taken pain
partly for
you partly for you because he's fighting
on your team harder than some of you are
fighting on your own team so give him a
follow boost his
power and uh you'll feel good about it
let's get him to a
million all right
uh believe it or not there's still
people talking about Nikki Hy being in a
trump Administration or vice
president can we stop doing
that Nikki Haley is not going to be in
the Trump
Administration no way there there are
too many really really strong Trump
supporters who say that's that's a
zero that that would be an unforgivable
mistake
honestly that would be
unforgivable and why are we still
talking about it is it just because it's
fun to talk about stuff that'll never
happen it's like talking about RFK Jr
maybe being Trump's vice president
that'll never
happen never in a billion years will
that happen you know I could see I could
see RFK
Jr being an attorney
general that'd be fun but not a vice
president that's not going to happen
um
anyway uh so talker Carlson uh is is
also speaking out against Hy he said I
would not only not vote for that ticket
with Nikki Hy on it I would ADV Advocate
against it as strongly as I could and he
says quote I mean here's someone who's
actively opposed to the interest of the
country I grew up in who endorsed the
BLM riots and who is a neoliberal in the
darkest most nihilistic way and has no
real popular support is a creature of
the
oligarchs
well that seems kind of hyperbolic but
that's where a lot of people
are let's check in on the dictator Trump
persuasion uh I like to wake up every
single day and find out that Hillary
Clinton called Trump a dictator and Liz
Chene called him a dictator and maybe
two or three people on MSN see called
him a dictator and maybe Eric swell
called him a dictator and maybe Adam
Schiff called him a
dictator
every single day it's always a subset of
you know one of the same cats right so
here's what I suggest I think instead of
making us navigate those sidewalk turds
every day like why do I have to read the
news and see
that it's crazy he use thos
Thanos he's he's going to get the last
Jewel in his glove and snap his fingers
and we're all going to die here's what I
suggest I think that the news entities
should do just a Friday wrapup of all
the Trump dictator news L Janie says
he's a dictator again uh Hillary Clinton
says he's a dictator again oh let's see
what Adam Adam Schiff says oh oh oh he
says he's a dictator
again uh how about let's see
what is what does swell say oh oh
surprise he says he's a dictator
again she just put it like one
wrapup we don't have to see those
sidewalk turds anytime but Friday like
Friday at like 600 p.m. when everybody's
traveling um but what I loved
was I think I going to have to show it
to you uh so the hill ran the story
about uh Clint Hillary Clinton calling
uh Trump a dictator again but what I
loved was the they did side bys side
photos and I'm going to quickly find it
for you here because you know when they
pick the photo you can always find a
good photo and then a bad photo right
for every for every political person or
candidate you can find a good photo and
a bad photo right now this is the hill
and presumably they have a photo editor
usually there's usually an editor who's
in charge of figure out what photos go
with what stories so I want to show you
what the photo editor decided were the
two side by-side pictures of trump and
Hillary Clinton when she called him a
dictator they Trump basically looks like
a calm executive who's explaining to
other world leaders how it's going to be
uh let me explain how it's going to be
we're going to pump all our on oil we're
going to close the border uh you in
Ukraine you're going to step down the
war is over and uh we don't want to
start a war anywhere
else and then there's Hillary he's a
dictator he's
dictator so that's what I got from those
two
pictures
anyway more about that uh apparently the
Democrat P persuasion is working cuz
more than half of all voters believe
Trump will act like a dictator if he's
reelected more than half of all
voters are now convinced she's going to
act like a
dictator but hey the argument is pretty
good it's not like they don't have an
argument am I
right well let me talk talk to you about
the argument so there are really four
parts of the argument that Trump will
certainly become a dictator uh number
one there was that one time he did a
metaphor uh there was the time he told
the joke there was the hoax that the
Democrats ran and then it was one time
he quoted somebody uh saying that
Democrats are bad so if you put those
three all those things together there
was the metaphor he used the joke he
told the hoax the Democrats ran and the
accurate quote about Putin that said
Democrats are
corrupt so those are the
reasons you'll become a
dictator okay so the metaphor was about
the immigrants changing or you know
ruining the blood of America so blood
was a metaphor he didn't mean
transfusions right did he mean that
their blood would be injected
into I'm confused now because when he
talked about Co and he talked about that
they said he meant inject bleach so now
I'm wondering does he mean that we'll
take transfusions from the immigrants
we'll inject it into the Americans and
it will be like a bad mix of blood well
what if they don't even give us the
right blood type you know what if you're
type O and somebody gives you some
immigrant blood that's like type A or B
or something well that's going to
pollute your blood and I think that's
exactly what he was talking about yeah
yeah blood
transfusions oh wait it was a
metaphor oh it was a metaphor wait he's
going to be a dictator because he used
the
metaphor oh it's like a metaphor that a
dictator used once yeah because
dictators do use
metaphors do you know who else uses
metaphors everybody
everybody like all people
everybody but this time this one person
using a metaphor
dictator and then there was a joke he
told about being a dictator for a day so
if you tell a joke you probably do want
to be a dictator there was a January 6
Insurrection which was a total Democrat
hoax and never was an Insurrection so
that's Trump's fault and then there was
a time that Putin said that all the
lawfare that's used against Trump is
obviously political and
corrupt which it is it's obviously
political it's obviously corrupt
and Putin isn't wrong about
everything I mean we can not like him
but he's not wrong about
everything so am I wrong that Trump is a
dictator because a metaphor a joke a
hoax and a Putin
quote did I leave anything out because
I'm pretty sure those were the strongest
attacks the metaphor the joke The hoax
and the quote
man oh man if you ever see a leader who
uses a metaphor of joke of hoax and a
quote you're all going to be dead within
a year I mean if it had only been a
metaphor in a joke I'd say okay well at
worst 100 million people will die when
he takes power but You' got a metaphor
joke a hoax and a
quote and the
quote on top of the metaphor of the hoax
and the joke
that's a
lot right if you think oh there's just a
a hint just a there's just a suggestion
that he might be no no there's a
mountain of evidence at this point I'd
call it proof you could call it evidence
I call it proof you show me a leader who
says metaphors and jokes and is a victim
of a hoax and once quoted
somebody I don't know how we can survive
that how can we survive jokes and hoaxes
and quotes and
metaphors my
God anyway meanwhile the capital police
are investigating the uh the staffer who
had some sex in the Senate hearing room
now you might say why do they need to
investigate that because there's really
not much to investigate it's kind of
right there and and who exactly was the
victim and why do we care that much and
so you might ask those questions but
here's what you don't know the Capitol
Police are going to keep investigating
this until they find out how this is
Trump's fault because they can't keep a
out of office with just a metaphor joke
a hoax and a
quote they're going to need to tie him
to something worse and I think they're
going have to blame him for this sen
staff for getting as fed in the Senate
hearing
room and I think where they're going
with this is they're going to blame
Trump for inciting the inserted
Direction that's
right the capital police are trying to
pin it on Trump for inciting the
inserted
Direction yeah you can take that one
home for the
holidays I give you full copyright
you can even say it was yours yeah I
think he incited the inserted
Direction you're
welcome all right uh so there's uh lots
of legal Jeopardy for Trump too which
would keep a man of office um are you
having the same trouble that I am of
keeping track of the 91 counts and the
the four big legal cases well let let me
just walk them through you because these
are
troubl you know if you're worried about
the metaphor Joe Cox and
quote as if that's not bad enough it's
worse than that yeah these are all the
things that Trump has done to break the
law and put every single American in
Jeopardy there was a time he kept some
classified documents like every single
uh politician since the beginning of
time uh and uh but those documents are
not like they're not like other people's
documents so let's be honest these
documents are so
dangerous that the people who have seen
them don't even mention what would be
the problem with
them that's how dangerous they are
because you'd think oh what if it's just
nuclear secrets well they'd say that
they just wouldn't tell you what the
secret
is so it's got to be worse than giving
away nuclear secrets of the United
States because they're not telling
us because you know I can't think of
anything they wouldn't tell us
you know it let's say it was a gave away
our UFO
Secrets don't you think that they tell
us that the people who have seen the
documents they say well we're not going
to tell you what the secrets are but we
will tell you that Trump had those
secrets in an unsecure place and that
was
illegal so the first thing he did is so
bad that they can't even tell us about
it even in general
terms cuz we know it's not just about
having documents cuz even Biden had
documents it's got to go deeper it has
to go to the nature of the danger of
those documents and it's so dangerous
they won't even tell you the general
category of danger that's how dangerous
it is so that's
believable how about that phone call in
which he used a mafia talk to uh to say
he would like to find the votes that
apparently he could find behind a locked
closet door if they would just unlock it
which the court has so far refused to do
so when he said just find the votes that
would also include I would think my
interpretation finding that some votes
were
illegal because that would be like
fighting that he
won so yeah so he's being taken to court
for asking them to look at the votes
that are behind a locked door and some
other stuff uh so I I guess that's
terrible Mafia talk to say f
votes and then there was a January 6
Insurrection in which he again said the
opposite of what he meant so just like
when he said find
votes uh they say what he meant was go
manufacture some votes and when he said
uh to go to the capital and protest
peacefully what he really meant is tear
it down and and take captives
um and then there's this other problem
with the bankers in which he made money
for the Deutsch Bank lenders who were
totally happy with the relationship so
he got a good business loan they made
money but he did well he did do the
process exactly the way it's normally
done which is that the person who wants
the loan exaggerates their ability to
repay it and their collateral and then
the bank does their own checking which
is their normal process and and then the
bank made a decision based on their own
checking and then they made money and
they'd love to work with them
again so those are four very bad things
that he's being accused of having
documents like every other politician
that are so bad they won't even tell us
the general category of them once saying
he'd like to have a the vote quickly
rechecked which is really Mafia talk uh
once's telling people to peacefully
assemble which is called called
overthrowing the government and then
also making a perfectly normal and
routine business loan that's called
defrauding
Banks but
remember all of these legal problems
it's not the only thing that's problem
that's on top of the joke the metaphor
The hoax and the quote it's the top of
those so that's a lot of bad stuff
there so Tennessee is
uh suing Black Rock accusing them of uh
managing their money not for the best
interest of the investors but rather
trying to get ESG goals and that that
would be counter to their fiduciary
responsibility to their investors which
is just to get the best
return you know I look at this and I'm
starting to
think it almost feels like it would be
wrong for a CEO to use other people's
money billions of dollars of it to make
his neighbors like him
more it feels I'm starting to think
that's wrong to use other people's money
to make your social life better because
I think that's what happened I mean it
looks like just some people trying to
keep their own
money let me give you some
advice if you ever become a
multi-billionaire in this country if
you're ever lucky enough to become a
multi-billionaire the first thing you
should do is is join the uh you know the
black and brown people in this country
and Democrats and rail against the
unfairness to that group and against the
racism because that's how you divert
them from the fact that you just sucked
billions of dollars out of the system
for just showing up at
work he just showed up made a billion
dollars yeah yeah that's how you keep
the the brown and black people from
killing you and taking your billion
dollars that they don't think you earned
while they're picking up litter and
working manual labor and stuff yeah so
the way you stay alive if you're a
billionaire is you pretend you're
working hard for the the people at the
low end and in this case this
 was using other people's money
literally the investors he was using
other people's money to signal that he's
a good person so don't kill him and take
his billion dollars that was barely
earned barely earned in the sense that
Financial
manipulation uh even when it's legal
totally legal it's not exactly adding as
much to the country as you
hope
so uh so Tennessee's going going to take
a bite out of him it looks
like you know those uh capture things
called capture when you're trying to
sign on to a site and it says Identify
all the buses and these this grid of
pictures well now ai can do that as well
as
humans that's right new study uh Rowan
Chang has some great AI stuff you should
follow him Rowan Chang c h e u n g
anyway he's got every day he's got new
AI stuff that's some of the best um so
the uh AI Bots could do the same as a
human in getting past the captchas so we
do have some really big security
problems
coming really big
ones um bite dance the parent of Tik
Tock is being accused of stealing some
of the Tech from chat GPT cuz apparently
they have a legal API connection to them
so it's you can buy an API which is
called a like an external connection to
another person's service so chat GP
offered that but they of course had
restrictions on how it's used but
allegedly uh the Tik Tok owner bite
dance used it to suck out enough
information to build their own
Ai and then chat GPT banned them from
using
it so you know I'm starting to think we
can't trust
China anybody with me just I'm starting
to get I don't know what it's like a
feeling like just a hunch sort of a gut
feeling I just feel like they don't have
our best interest in
mind I don't know well also on uh
AI um there's a jailed opposition leader
leader this is also from Rowan Jung uh
jailed opposition leader named Imran
Khan over in Pakistan so he's in jail
but he's running for office so how do
you run for office when you're in
jail they created an AI version of him
with his voice a perfect deep fake and
they set it out to campaign so there was
some virtual event in which he just gave
a speech but he wasn't there he he his
Avatar gave the
speech and it probably went over
well how about that am I
right that's pretty
scary is there another Imran Khan I
don't know somebody's asking a question
that I probably can't answer well that
ladies and gentlemen concludes the best
live stream you're going to see all
morning because I took all of your
time is there anything I forgot to talk
about
um I think I've hit all the big
stories got to keep your eye on okay is
X shutting down not that I know
of
um Israel is plugging
along earthquake in China yeah I don't
usually cover the
natural disasters we don't know too much
about the earthquake 5.9 100 people
reported
dead but I guess we'll wait and see on
that terrorism in the US Maui fires and
the Vegas shootings I don't know yeah I
don't know I I think the Maui fighting
the Maui fires are pretty conclusively
the down fire lines did you see the
video in
Maui that actually showed the wind
blowing down the the power lines and
there were sparking and it was all
around dry grass I mean we have a video
that in my opinion is pretty conclusive
about the cause of the virus it was just
the the wind blew the the lines down the
lines sparked it was dry grass
everywhere pretty basic
stuff um wouldn't it be no they weren't
underground they should have
been now we underground mansions
yeah there's a story about uh Zuckerberg
building a bunker under his
home I don't know if if you were a
billionaire wouldn't you build a bunker
under your home just in
case I feel like that's you know if you
have an extra 100 million sitting around
yeah I don't know it doesn't tell me
much I think at any time in my life at
any time in my life if I had a billion
dollars I would have built an
underground bunker sure never know never
know when you need
it all right um you'd build one for
fun summer started by cars driving and
drive
really New Zealand has billionaire
bunkers oh was the thought that you if
you could get to New Zealand you could
ride down a nuclear war or something
that probably makes sense you you could
easily imagine um a future where only
one country
survives you know like New Zealand like
everything else is just destroyed but
you got one place that
survives I can see that
happening
um on the
beach Antarctica would survive yeah
maybe all right that's all I've got
now
could I get the stron effect renamed
after
me
maybe yeah I hit that like
button yeah hit that subscription button
YouTubers all right that's all I got for
you uh I don't know about Neville shoots
book on the beach don't know about
that a reparations Committee in New York
oh New York has a reparations
committee
I I think somebody should uh calculate
the counter reparations argument you
know there is one
right see you can prove anything with
math somebody's going to do why black
people owe white
people now I don't know how that
calculation would turn out somebody's
going to do it and here's what they do
they would they would add up all the
crime they would add up all the you know
welfare and things that are let's say
out of the norm so not the Baseline
because everybody you know every group
has some baseline stuff so you take
whatever is the excess and you'd
say here here are all the advantag you
have then you'd have to calculate all
the white men who had their own careers
suppressed by the racism like IBM's
racism and you'd have to say let's
subtract you have to figure out all the
money lost by white people
by discrimination for the last 40 years
imagine every white person who lost a
promotion in every big company for 40
years so let's say 50 million
people times 100,000 a piece what's 50
million time
100,000 can somebody do the math 50
million time 100,000 that's probably
what white people
lost can you do that for for me 50
million time 100,000 5
trillion 5 trillion so 5 trillion is how
much uh white men have given up for the
benefit of
minorities and women so you'd have to
you'd have to subtract out the woman
part
right five billion or is it five
trillion five trillion enough yeah
uh I think we've decided it's five
trillion so if you added the effects of
crime the five
trillion
um yeah the effect on schools the the
the complete the complete loss of the
retail sector I think you'd have to add
in all the crime uh that the retail
companies have lost yeah I think you'd
find that uh Black Americans owe white
Americans probably at least a trillion
dollars which is not to say that you
know discrimination was not real of
course it was real and there is last
thing
discrimination systemic systemic racism
is real it's just that it works both
ways there's systemic racism
against white black and Asian there's
systemic racism against men there's
systemic racism against women basically
the system is designed to discriminate
against different groups so and it does
it well and by well I mean
bad yeah if see here's the problem I've
actually done Financial calculations for
a living and and I can guarantee you can
get any answer you want there are always
enough variables you can get any answer
you want so you could find out that
white people owed descendants of slaves
a trillion dollar but you could also
very easily find out that the slaves owe
$5 trillion to white people in
America it just depends how you do the
math you could decide what variables are
included and what are not and I'm not
saying one of those is
right because these are political things
it's not about what's logical it's not
about what's right and it's not even
about doing the math right it's purely
power and then we use these these weak
little arguments to support the the
power move but it's never about the
argument it's never about the math it's
never about the facts those have nothing
to do with anything so that's all I got
for now YouTube good to see you and I
will see you tomorrow