pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom poem oh
my goodness
I actually forgot my coffee I'm starting
coffee with Scott Adams without coffee
luckily I've got some water here and
it's just as delicious so please join me
I grab me your cup your mug your glass
your tankard your stein your chalice
your thermos fill it with your favorite
liquid at the moment I'll be drinking
water so join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure which is the
simultaneous sip that's just water I
hope you've got something better than
water well today is very special day a
very amazing day if you're if you've
been following the saga of my Don
Quixote attempts to slay the hoax called
the fine people charlottesville hoax you
know that this week success now I didn't
do it alone and I'll name some names
later but this is an amazing day now for
those of you who needs to catch up the
the fine people hoax was one of the
biggest hoaxes ever perpetrated on this
country there wasn't the Russia
collusion hoax it's the same importance
because it really ripped at the soul of
the nation as Biden correctly said but
it was a hoax and this week major media
entities have have accepted that I'll
get to that in a moment so the the hoax
was this precisely for two years
both Democrats including now several
Democrat candidates for president as
well as the press and the pundits have
been saying on the year for I don't know
two years straight that the president
and here's the hoax called white
nationalists and neo-nazis marching in
Charlottesville quote fine people now
what he actually said because they
always cut off the part
where he said at the same time and
without prompting nobody asked nobody
asked him an additional question without
prompting he made sure he clarified his
remarks at the time back in 2016 and he
said quote bum bum bum bum
he said quote I'm not talking about the
neo-nazis and the white nationalists
because they should be condemned
totally but he had many people in that
group other than neo-nazis and white
nationalists okay so he said in the
clearest language the exact opposite of
what the media and the Democrats have
been quoting him asked for two years
straight now you'd say to yourself Scott
this should be the easiest hoax that
anybody ever debunked for and for over a
year now I've been working on this and
where I would show somebody the
transcript the actual words that are
very clearly the direct opposite of what
the hoax is and then I show people the
actual video clip and often I still
can't convince people that it really
happened amazingly but something
happened recently two things happen
recently that completely changed the the
let's say the mindset of the public
number one was the Russia collusion hoax
fell apart it's the most most egregious
you know high profile hoax that most of
us have ever lived through and it primed
people to understand that there could be
something that they think they saw with
their own eyes they think they they
think they heard it it's been reported
by every media outlet every important
credible person has said it's true and
it's not so we all lived through that
with the Russia clusion hoax and that
primed people to understand that they
could be positive something is true hear
it from the
but incredible and it's not so that was
the first thing to happen just by
coincidence second thing that happened
was Joe Biden put the hoax back in the
headlines by doing what only the human
gaff machine that's what I call Biden
that's my own nickname for him he's the
human gaffe machine he decided he
decides to do his announcement for
president by leading off repeating the
hoax now that of course put it back in
the headlines at the same time the
public was primed to understand how
easily they could be hoaxed and at the
same time that I had collected over the
past year a whole bunch of sources and
links to address everybody's concerns
about this so there was a little package
that you could just send to people say
look here's this now on top of that a
number of people joined the effort to
try to write this thing notably among
them Joel of Breitbart Steve
Cortes contributor to CNN and of course
carpe Noctem who you know as the the
meme master to the president as well as
everybody else so with lots of help from
notably the ones I mentioned there were
so carpi Duncan made a meme which turned
this into a visual and video response
the hoax hoax and you know how important
visual stuff is that was a big deal but
also Steve Cortes wrote an article for
real clear Bartlet politics I think and
Joel wrote for Breitbart so now
I had extra sources that every time the
hoax came up I can say here look at it
in context look at one of these articles
now I have to mention this because this
is so much fun
do you know the book Moneyball yeah it's
see the book that talks about Billy
whoever the Billy is a Billy Beane the
baseball manager who managed to build
winning baseball teams using statistics
and scrappy players who are not
superstars so but although they were not
superstars they had good statistics in
certain ways and when he puts them
together the people who were not
superstars could create great teams yet
Michael Lewis wrote the book Moneyball
about this influence and and I noticed
that Trump somewhat accidentally I
suppose plays Moneyball because if you
look at you know the the people I just
mentioned you know if you were to ask
the big power players in Washington hey
who are the most powerful people in
politics the people they would not
mention would be me
Steve Cortes Joe Pollak and carpe Noctem
all right we have our strengths I think
we're all good you know we're all
capable people but probably we would not
be mentioned in the top ten of people
who could make a difference but Trump
has somehow weaponized all kinds of
people to sort of to respond to things
in very effective ways on social media
which is what happened so anyway there
was a lot of push back for the last week
or so I've been pushing hard with a twee
thread the the folks I mentioned have
been pushing you hard all of you who are
watching this periscope many of you have
been retweeting it I think Don junior
retweeted at least carpet anthems meme
and it caused so much attention that
that people started writing articles
about me and calling me all thright
which is the opposite of what I am I'm
actually left to Bernie as most of you
know but they also refer to me as a
cartoonist to minimize my involvement
and make me look like a tinfoil hat kind
of guy they could have mentioned that I
wrote a best-selling book about
persuasion and that I spent the last
three years talking almost exclusively
about hoaxes and illusions
get yourself out of them in fact my new
book loser think that'll come out in
November is all about this topic so I'm
actually kind of immersed in the topic
of identifying and getting rid of hoaxes
but they call me the Dilbert guy when
they write about me so that they could
minimize that now here's the success
part the first success was getting
Wikipedia to correct the hoaxes now they
don't say it in his direct language as
I'd like to but they they did finally
include the clarification part where the
president condemned in the strongest you
know most clear words he condemned the
Nazis neo Nazis and and white
nationalists so Wikipedia was the first
win I would say in persuading against
this hoax but this week we've seen
articles in USA Today Daily wire which
is you know pro-trump sort of leaning
organization Washington Post Vox real
politics Real Clear Politics Breitbart
CNN Jake Tapper Fox News at least the
five not all of Fox News and PolitiFact
now the fact-checking organization
PolitiFact I checked it today and they
have addressed this but here's the
hilarious part in oh let me clarify the
organizations that I mentioned do not
directly say we were completely wrong
for the past two years instead they
simply run the clarification the second
part of Trump's quote so that you the
reader can see that he clearly was
excluding the races and the or that
neo-nazis in the white nationalist so
even though they write their articles to
be sort of hit pieces on me it's
impossible to write that hit piece where
that was saying what I said and what I
said is the debunking of the hoax it's
the statement where the president where
they always edit that part out usually
but they have to include it when they're
talking about what a tinfoil hat
wearing person that I am and that is the
is the acknowledgment that the original
hoax was not real so it is now a point
of record in the Washington Post Vox USA
Today Wikipedia Jake Tapper sat it on
the air
they've all said that the original hoax
and I'm being very specific here
the hoax part that had been repeated for
two years was that the President of the
United States stood in front of the
public which is it's hilarious when you
think about it and actually said that
the neo-nazis and white nationalists
were fine people when in fact he said
directly the opposite so now that fact
has been reported correctly and I'm
claiming success with all of you with
all of you because this is you know a
big group effort but it looks like the
the fine people hoax actually died this
week because now it's it's a point of
record that he said the opposite and it
was never the point of record before so
thanks again Joel Steve Cortes
carpe Noctem amazing amazing work now it
gets more fun we're not done yet if
you've noticed everybody who is at least
acknowledged that the president said the
opposite of what has been reported for
two years they acknowledge that but do
they say well we were wrong and we've
said it wrong for two years of course
doesn't you seem almost everybody who
was on the wrong side of this hoax
revert to cognitive dissonance now a
cognitive dissonance is easy to spot
once you're once you know what to look
for and it usually involves a
hallucination something that's not in
evidence that only they can see and
you've seen it in the following words
the people who were who were backing up
from the hoax okay he did not call the
neo-nazis and white nationalists fine
people okay he said exactly the opposite
and condemned them at that very same
time okay
the hoax is not real but they will
always back up to a lower-level offense
and they'll say why were those other
people those fine people that the
president mentioned why were they
marching with the neo-nazis why were
they protesting alongside those are the
two words you'll see the most and it's
so commonly it looks like they
coordinated I don't think they did but
it looks like they all just hit on the
same the same new hallucination now
here's what the hallucination part is
there is no reporting that there were
people who were not actually with those
groups who were physically marching with
them there is no there's no reporting
nothing in evidence there was suggest
that they were protesting alongside them
well we do have an evidence and I've
actually confirmed talking to a an
eyewitness and I'll tell you a little
bit more about that in a moment but
yesterday I had extended conversations
with somebody who attended the
Charlottesville event someone who is
anti racism very strongly anti racism
and he was there for the unite the right
what he thought was going to be just
people on the right hard to believe
right here's the fun part
he's Jewish I'll just let you process
that for a moment all right yeah so his
background is is largely Jewish so now
I'll tell you more about him in a moment
but the first thing I want to tell you
is that so he described what it was like
apparently when he showed up which was
the published start time while he saw
was chaos at the even before the
official start time the the stuff was
going down there was mayhem there were
people everywhere so although there were
marchers who were organized at one part
I'm not even sure he saw them there were
just lots of people doing lots of
things and they were all wearing
costumes you couldn't tell that they
were all you know the the neo-nazi who
dressed the same way that was just some
of the people there
there were also anti Fah so you could
probably tell who was more likely to be
in that by the way they dressed it said
Robin but there are a whole bunch of
people just wearing normal what I'll
call Republican clothes does anybody
know what they were thinking or why they
were there they do not so so when you
see that the the people who were selling
the hoaxes for the past year have have
backed up to a safer position they think
by saying all right but if you showed up
for a Nazi event you know something that
was billed as a you know as a unites the
right racist event aren't you kind of a
racist did you're sort of marching with
them and alongside them these two things
are not in evidence
this is not news this is people turning
a question into a fact and hoping you
don't notice the question is why were
people there and what were they thinking
the answer is nobody really knows all
right here's here's the thing that the
news who is still trying to sell the the
weakened version of this hoax here's
what they're trying to sell you right
now they're trying to sell you that if
you took any group of a hundred
Americans who were in the same place
doesn't matter why could be attending a
concert they could be in college they
could be attending a protest of this one
or any other kind if you take a hundred
people Americans do they all have the
same opinions they do not any group of a
hundred Americans are going to have
opinions all over the place now they
might mostly have the same opinion if a
whole bunch of people go to a you know a
Taylor Swift concert and you were to ask
them why are you here well most of them
would say I like Taylor Swift
I like news
but a whole bunch of them would say I
just came because my you know my
girlfriend likes this person some would
say I don't know my friend had tickets I
was in town we didn't have anything to
do I'm not even a fan some would say I
just needed to get out of the house I
got a babysitter there was nothing else
happened and so I came here the truth is
it's a lie to say that there were two
opinions in Sharla's ville the two
opinions being were a bunch of racists
or were protesting the races any group
of a hundred people is going to have a
lot of people think in a lot of things
that's what the president said in
essence let me give you some examples
did you know that there was a clergy
group in attendance at Charlottesville
at the protests why was the clergy there
well the clergy was there for their own
reasons they were not the races they
were not the counter protesters at least
not in the physical sense they were
there to lend some kind of you know good
vibes and calm maybe bring a little
godliness to the situation they they
were there for their own reasons if I
had asked you was there a group of
clergy at the event
you wouldn't know but it's America folks
you put a hundred people anywhere for
any reason and they're gonna have all
kinds of different motivations there
were a lot of locals that came which
I'll say a little bit more about what
were the locals thinking what side were
they on it's not in evidence
there's no reporting on that we don't
know how many were there we don't know
there were locals my favorite example
was and I think some of you know this
yeah there was at least one black guy
who went there on the side of keeping
the statues he was kind of a with a free
speech group so they were very much not
with the Nazis and they were very much
not with the white nationalist and he
was literally
a black guy who knew exactly what the
event was and he came because he had his
own reasons now I I was I was laughing
to myself earlier I was I was thinking
about this because how do you explain
that was it a prank I could see his
friends saying hey hey Bob
would you want to join us at an event
and and Bob says what kind of event that
doesn't matter it's just people are
gonna wear costumes and there's gonna be
a March and and and the black guy goes
wow sounds fun I'll go and they turns
out it's a prank because it's a neo-nazi
March the point is that didn't happen I
just think it would be funny to think
about it
the point is a hundred people have a lot
of different reasons for why they're
doing anything and if you think that you
can get in their heads and you can
understand all of those other people and
all of their complicated thoughts that
is purely imaginary we can't do that let
me put it to you this way if I had been
a local person and I lived in
Charlottesville and I was trying to
figure out what to do that night for
entertainment let's say I called my
friend and I say hey and I'm bored what
do you want to do and friend says I'm
thinking of going to a movie you want to
go and I think I love movies yeah that's
pretty good idea but let me get back to
you because I think I can get a better
deal so I called my other friend say hey
what are you doing you know the friend
says that one gonna go up to dinner with
some friends have some drinks do you
want to come I think that sounds great I
love going out to dinner I love having
drinks that's even better than the movie
I'm in but wait a minute I can't confirm
let me get back to you because you're
still looking for a better deal so you
call your third friend in the third and
say hey what are you doing tonight
your third friend says you won't believe
this walking distance from my house
anti-shah and a bunch of neo-nazis are
going to beat each other with sticks and
and blunt forces and we're good I'm
gonna go watch you want to come and I'm
gonna say to myself want to come are you
freaking kidding me are you telling me
that the two grew
I hate more than any in the world an
tyfa and racists are going to actually
meet in a public place where i can watch
and they will beat themselves senseless
with sticks are you freaking kidding me
you couldn't keep me from going to that
thing and but i say wait a minute wait a
minute a second thought it sounds
dangerous you know isn't gonna be
dangerous and the friend says no here's
the best part the police are gonna be
there in force but the only thing
they're going to do is keep the keep the
keep the audience from getting hurt and
i say the audience yeah yeah you're just
the audience the police aren't even
gonna stop the fight they're just gonna
make sure you don't get hurt while
you're watching it and like let me go to
this event so here's my point I'm just
joking but in truth watching Isis I call
anti-shah Isis let me give you some
context of that Isis is famous for
blowing up the monuments of the
territory that they capture so it's if
it's some other religious groups
monument and statue they blow it up the
people who wanted to get rid of the
robert e lee statue and anti-shah are
weirdly on the same philosophical side
as isis which is that whoever's in
charge gets to decide what's offensive
and then you get rid of it so in the
same way that an tyfa is sort of like
the JV for isis you know isis is
terrible and they behead people there
the word they're just the worst but
auntie fara comes with masks like ice
like isis they have weapons like isis
but they're more like clubs and chains
and bike locks and stuff and they want
to get rid of monuments that are
offensive and by the way i agree that
the monuments are offensive I told you
I'm left to Bernie I'm anti Confederate
Monument and you know I'm well
documented for that but you can't get
past the fact that it's also Isis's
philosophy
that the winning side gets to decide
what's an offensive and they'll get rid
of any historical references to to other
monuments so you've got an tyfa which is
like a weak form of isis and they're
gonna have a fight in the public place
against neo-nazis who as bad as they are
and there you know murderous terrible
scum of the earth but even they're not
as bad as the actual hill or nazis and
the holocaust maybe they'd like to be so
they're you know maybe just as bad in
principle but they're still the JV to
the actual you know killer nazis so
watching those two groups the JV of isis
with clubs beating each other to death
with the JV of the nazis oh that's just
a good time if you could watch that i
would pay I would do a pay-per-view to
watch that and I would watch it every
weekend that's just me my point is a lot
of people have a lot of different
reasons for for doing anything and if
you assume that the people there were
either with the Nazis or with an tyfa
that's just a false prison of two ideas
which Greg Gutfeld often mentions on the
five so but here's here's the kill shot
are you ready for it here's the kill
shot it doesn't matter who was there all
that matters to the central question of
what the president said and did about
this event is what he reasonably assumed
was true about that event because we
can't check who was there we don't know
what they were thinking
nobody did a survey nobody did a poll no
major news organization has done a deep
dive to find people were there and
interview them nobody knew at the time
who was there when the president made
his comments he didn't know exactly the
composition of ground obviously people
knew that the main players but nobody
knew the exact composition of the crowd
today nobody knows the composition of
that crowd
nothing changed it was ambiguous then
it's ambiguous now now the most
reasonable assumption that a person
could make about the nature of the crowd
is if you knew that it was a protest for
and against a Robert f rly statue a
Confederate statue the most reasonable
assumption anybody could make is that
there was a diverse group with all kinds
of different opinions because that's
America every group of big people in
America have diverse opinions you can't
find an exception to that all right it's
the most normal thing in America so
you'll notice that the the people were
still trying to cling to some you know
well we were right but in a completely
different way they're trying to make
their case by looking at the facts of
what happened while not having the facts
of what happened and they're doing it
but with the question method where they
say well but why would anybody go to
this event the president made the most
reasonable assumption you could make
that it was a diverse group and they
probably had all kinds of opinions and
almost certainly and I would say this is
a certainty with that many people there
were a few people there at least some
people were not racist who wanted to
keep the statues that is the most
reasonable common normal supportable
assumption that any president or any
person ever made all right and that the
press is trying to turn that into yeah
but they were marching with or
protesting alongside so they're using
these words to turn something fairly
innocent into something very very evil
and those words are not in evidence
there's no alongside reporting there's
no marching with reporting from that day
all right and I also know from my
eyewitness that day that there were many
people in normal clothing so if you were
there and you were looking at pictures
if you were looking at pictures or
attended even you couldn't tell who was
thinking what or why they were there
their clothes didn't give it away and
it's not like everybody was holding a
sign you don't know what they were
thinking all right let me tell you about
this one fine person that I did talk to
at length I'm gonna keep this person's
identity anonymous by mutual decision
you know I wouldn't even if he wanted to
go public I would advise against it
because it's a dangerous place I talked
to him at length I know his real name
I've seen his real picture I've checked
his social media existence to find out
that is that he's not a hoax he's a real
person and I asked this person all of
the questions that you would have asked
now remember he's got a Jewish
background so that's the first thing you
need to know so clearly he's not with
the neo-nazis who were chanting
anti-semitic things now part we can know
for sure all right here are some of the
questions and answers that I had I I
asked him how he could have looked at
the advertisements for the event the
posters and not known that this was a a
racist organized event and and we have
this weird
Jonnie and laurel moment which now you
all understand how people can look at
exactly the same thing and see
completely different things looking at
exactly the same thing and so and so I
had that Johnny and Laurel moment over
the poster I said look at this poster
how is it not obvious that this is a
racist racist event and I said look at
these little images of the Eagles
there's like some little you know Nazi
looking Eagles with some kind of a you
know breastplate or something and I said
isn't that obvious that is sort of
suggested by you know there's no there
wasn't a swastika on it but it seems
suggestive of Nazi imagery and he said
all I see is an American Eagle
I said come on that's not just an
ordinary American Eagle this is very
much like you would expect if you saw if
you saw a movie about the Nazis but it
wasn't really the Nazis and they made up
their own iconography it was sort of
look like that wouldn't it and he sends
me an image of an of an American Eagle
with an angry look and holding a bunch
of arrows in one hand and something else
in the other hand and I looked at it and
I thought yeah I can see it the the
irregular American Eagle has many forms
and this other thing was an eagle and so
I thought is it possible that you could
look at this thing and not see them as
you know sort of racist inspired in the
answer is if a hundred people look at
anything they have different opinions
anything not just this icon anything a
hundred people will have wildly
different impressions of what they're
looking at right on the page so then I
said but what about the list of people
who are organizing this I mean clearly
you just look at these names and even if
you didn't recognize them all you'd see
some questionable people here and then I
realized that not everybody knows who
all those people are if you're a member
of the press
if you fall if you're a political junkie
you might recognize some of those names
and say whoa
you know I'd stay away from this one in
this one but if you only recognize one
name on the list and that was his case
he recognized one of the names on the
West and knew that person was a speaker
who was going to be a racist but he's a
free speech extremist as many people are
and by that I mean he would not avoid a
place they had people talking that he
violently disagrees with because it was
an event in which everybody would be
having their own opinion he assumed and
he thought it said unite the right so we
thought well it's gonna be normal people
and some terrible people
but it'll be people of all kind on the
right now personally
that that poster probably would have not
probably would have kept me from going
but I have confirmed with one person
that I consider reasonable reasonable
that there was a Yanni Laurel thing and
it just wasn't obvious that all of you
know that the organizers and that the
primary identity of this thing would be
full-on racist that I asked the question
that you're wondering which is when he
got there when it was more obvious what
was going on
why didn't he immediately turn and leave
that's a pretty reasonable question
right you've got a Jewish background you
show up at this event tiki torch guys or
or saying anti-semitic things why don't
why don't you turn in the lead right
away and the answer is that it was
already chaos at the starting belt in
other words if he showed up on time as
he did at the starting time it was
already just a mess
yeah there's just people doing all kinds
of things in different places people
running around there was the press the
clergy the two sides you couldn't
necessarily tell who every time who was
on what side because people were wearing
you know their regular clothes in most
cases and and then he did leave fairly
quickly so there's your obvious answer
that when people showed up you know that
the the stuff had already gone down it
was already a fog of war and they kind
of did leave pretty quickly because
there wasn't much reason to stay around
all right let me let me summarize this
I'm gonna give you the best response to
the hoax from the position of let's say
the President of the United States so if
I were president and I were in this
situation and I saw this hoax dissolving
and I just watched the the Russia
collusion hoax completely dissolved at
least for reasonable people that
completely dissolved here's how I would
respond so this will be a little lesson
in persuasion you know I would do it in
roughly this order so the order that I
say these things
is going to be as important as the
things that I say all right so take care
to look at the order that I'm saying
them this is what I would say I wrote it
down so I remember I start out by saying
that the press a lot of the press the
ones I mentioned including politifact
and Wikipedia
maybe you leave out Wikipedia but
certainly politifact have confirmed that
the fine people hoax was fake news so I
would start right out and saying that
the media has now confirmed that it was
fake news and when I'm what I mean that
by that is that they've now started
reporting the second part of the
president's quote in which he clearly
said the opposite of what had been
reported for two years so I think you
could make that claim and and that it's
supportable because there are enough
video clips and articles that have been
written to say that the media now
recognizes that was a hoax now if that
makes the media argue about that point
they will accidentally confirm the point
in the process of arguing it that's why
you say it first
you put that provocative thought out
there that is first of all completely
supportable because now they're you know
you've got a lot of a lot of points that
you can point to with links etc then I
would mention that the Democratic
candidates especially the human gaff
machine Joe Biden
continue to spread this hoax that has
been debunked by the media debunked by
PolitiFact
and debunked by everybody who was paying
attention and then I would go right to
the heart of it this is the kill shot so
this is the important part if you don't
remember anything else I say just
remember this next sentence it's the
kill shot for the hoax
no one knew at the time and no one knows
now exactly who attended the event do
you feel the power of that I'm gonna
read it again and no one knew at the
time and no one knows now exactly who
attended the event
that's the end of it that's the end of
the conversation but let's wrap it up
and I would point out that President
Trump made the most normal assumption
you could make that it was a diverse
group because this is America this is
America you put a hundred Americans in
one place don't expect the same opinion
and don't expect that and you made the
assumption that it would be at least
some people there who were just there to
support the Statue who are non racist
the most normal assumption you could
make that's what the president made the
most normal assumption and then then I
would point out that if the press were
investigators instead of journalists
playing on the quote from CNN's boss I
would say that they would know who was
exactly at that offense but they don't
instead because they didn't investigate
they're just journalists they've they've
retreated to pure imagination in which
they imagine that all the protesters
were marching together that didn't
happen it's just the net it's the next
version of fate news to protect
themselves from the shame of promoting
horrible fake news for two years on top
of the Russia collusion hoax you could
point out that the event was chaos from
the start and all we know for sure is
that or a lot of people with different
opinions in the same zip code at the
same time which is very different from
marching together that's worth noting
and then I would say that I would finish
by by stating again this fact and I will
add one thing to it to make it more
powerful and if I were let's say a
spokesperson I'd say as the president
said after Charlottesville and I would
go back to his original quote quote he
condemns totally the neo-nazis in Hawaii
nationalists so reminding people that he
said that indirect
language at the time and then add this
in the interest of absolute clarity and
completeness if anyone was literally
marching with that crowd he condemns
them as well why not why not just go
ahead and say yeah if in the interest of
completeness if anybody was marching
with that crowd I could tend them as
well now people are still gonna say why
did it take you so long but if that's
all they have left the hoax is dead so
the the the main hoax is completely dead
the media has now run the second part of
the quote which is the hoax killer that
he said the opposite of what they had
been reporting now they've retreated to
marching with or why did anybody attend
or were they protesting alongside those
are imaginary there's no evidence that
there was evidence of chaos there was
evidence that people were in the same
zip code if they're Americans they were
there for all kinds of different reasons
the president made the most reasonable
assumption you could make that people
were there for different reasons nobody
knows exactly the composition of the
crowd worst-case scenario he got a fact
wrong that any reasonable person would
have thought was the way he said it
which is it was a diverse crowd I
believe that thanks to the completely
lucky combination of events that the
Russia collusion hoax collapsed at
around the same time as Biden the human
gaffe machine tried to push push the
second most damaging hoax in American
history probably probably the second
most damaging hoax after the crush
occlusion that that prime of the public
for the first time to see the second
part of the quote and now they've all
backed up to well but why were people
leave him there and the answer to that
is 100 Americans any place are going to
different opinions no doubt about it all
right I'm gonna end on that because I
like to keep this to one point and let's
congratulate each other for a good work
and by the way thank you to all of you
watch this periscope thank you sincerely
to those who retweet anything I that is
on this topic you are patriots and you
have corrected the record and why you've
done is amazing
so with that out out again Joel
Steve Cortes carpet dunk down all the
people who helped all the people who
retweeted you have killed the second
biggest hoax in American history