pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here
sure some people take sick days but I
don't if I break a leg I go right on
stage so it doesn't matter how bad I
feel I'm here for you is that right DJ
doctor funk juice good to see you always
good to see you and the rest of you what
do you like to join me yeah this very
special version of the simultaneous if I
think you would yeah wait hold on hold
on don't go too quickly first make sure
you have the right ingredients you need
a cup or a marker glass a tanker
chelators died in the canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind and fill it
with your favorite liquid I like coffee
enjoy me now and I'm not cornholio and I
know some of you know what that means
join me now for the simultaneous said
it's the unparalleled pleasure that
dopamine the other day the thing that
makes everything better
go wait what oh that's all I needed now
I feel great for a moment there I
thought I was sick no I just didn't have
enough coffee I hope that's not
happening to any of you feel better now
Bob all right let's talk about the news
I love it when Trump fills a news cycle
man that meant that man knows how to
fill a news cycle so he's a he was
heading off I guess he was at the end
Roos Air Force Base and he happens to
just drop this little gem they he knows
the identity of anonymous the author of
this tell-all book that said bad things
about his administration now the thing I
love about that is that maybe he knows
the idea
anonymous maybe he doesn't but I'll tell
you what he does know suspense the man
knows
suspense and the fact that he would just
put that out there you know there's
gonna be a good surprise coven have you
noticed all the firing and stuff that
I'm doing lately yep I know who
Anonymous is now if he doesn't know who
anonymous is anonymous just turned on
the TV and it was flipping through the
channels just sitting at home drinking a
beer or whatever anonymous does might be
a sock involved I don't know
justjust saying we don't know and
anonymous turns on the TV and there's
the President of the United States
looking at the camera and saying yeah I
know who anonymous is wouldn't that just
ruin your whole day now that's that's
the beauty of it the beauty of it is he
might know and that would be interesting
and it would be twice as fun the he
teased that and makes us think oh you
know as he knows does he know you know
make sense talked about it the man knows
how to put on the show but even better
if he doesn't know if he doesn't know
Anonymous is just like you know booking
a flight out of the country right now
that's one of the funniest things he's
ever done all right so I guess Trump is
is pardoning and granting clemency to a
bunch of Nair do ELLs who were who
probably you know there's gonna be some
debate about how reasonable these were
now the the the power that the president
has for this stuff the clemency and the
pardons and stuff it's a real
interesting law because I can't think of
any other law or a constitutional right
or power or anything I can't think of
any other where where we expressly say
you don't have to give a good reason you
know pretty much our entire system of
government is
set up around the notion well you need
to have a reason it's okay to be wrong
but you still have to stay your reasons
right you got to tell us why you're
doing it and then if you get it wrong
we'll decide at the voting booth or or
when we pass a law or whatever we'll
decide later
so being wrong isn't the worst thing but
you got to tell us why you're doing
stuff but you don't have to with these
pardons and Clemmie sees you just pick
you can pick something that looks like
the worst idea in the world to
absolutely everybody else do it anyway
and then the public says that yeah well
you do have that right
it's a weird little law here's what I
think is happening so as has been
already reported some of these some of
these situations have some connection to
trump or Rudy Giuliani so they're
they're the people being pardoned and
the clemency is they have connections to
the Trump world in some way so that
makes sense and again it's a weird
little law you know if you said should
it be right that all these pardons are
going to Trump you're related people
meaning people who know the family or
know Rudy Giuliani or or they were on
The Apprentice you know stuff like that
is that right well most people would say
oh that doesn't seem fair let's let's
adjust that what's the one case where it
just doesn't matter now I think that
beyond the fact that it's servicing some
allies like Rudy Giuliani
I think the other thing it does is it
creates a context doesn't have you
noticed that I think while we're arguing
in the weeds
we're going to be arguing about each of
these pardons hey does that you know
Bernie Kerik guy does does he deserve a
clemency or whatever it was I'm
confusing all the terms but you know
what I'm talking about
yeah then we're going to talk about blog
of HD serve enough time and all that so
we're going to be talking about the
details
the bigger picture is Trump is creating
a context for pardons which is some of
these is gonna be pretty controversial
so don't be surprised don't be surprised
because there might be some more let's
say controversial ones coming up soon
you might have a little controversy
coming your way so rather than give it
to you you know when you're not ready
for it let's let's toughen you up a
little bit how about this blogging
yeah about blogging blog of
was a Democrat right am i right
fact jack beyond that I'm assuming he
was a Democrat but I'm not up on my blog
of its history and so that would be a
good little context to put out there
it's like yeah I'm gonna do some
controversial ones I believe he also did
three pardons or clemencies or whatever
it was probably pardons they were
recommended by Alice Johnson the first
woman they got out under the the prison
reform stuff so so there are two
categories think about this just think
about the the larger feel of it you know
just rise up above the details of who
got who these people were and what their
crimes were etc think about it there
were two classes of people one were
people who had a connection to something
in the Trump you know universe and the
other was probably African American
prisoners I don't know the details
however Alice Johnson recommended so
think about that the the inner circle
now includes a collection of black
prisoners so he sort of lumped you know
people I have a connection with with
Alice Johnson and and the people she's
recommending they're somehow in your
mind now it's one category because they
happened about the same time which is
kind of brilliant because you say you
know what team is Trump on you say well
he's on the team of the people who were
getting
right so you know blog of inch must be
on the team but so are these the
prisoners who are getting out they were
recommended by Alice it seems like
they're all the same team right they're
all that you know they're all the good
the good side so there's something kind
of subtly brilliant about what this does
to the context because it opens up the
possibility for obviously a Flintstone
and you know it's getting very close
very close to the point where he could
he could flip the switch on Manafort
without causing a revolution
I don't think Manafort could get
pardoned without you know too big of a
political reaction I think that would be
too far but stone and Flynn the
president could do easily I think that
there would be no problem now that
especially now that he's created this
other context and I love the fact that
he doesn't seem to be caring too much
about reelection
right because you wouldn't do any of
these if reelection were your primary
objective so so it's it's got to be some
bigger play or a complete lack of worry
about getting reelected I don't know
about that all right
in other news there's a tragic story of
a stunt woman attacked her ex-husband
and was shot and killed or was she all
right I'll just let you think about that
one all right Tom cotton was getting
some press and of course all of the
press the Tom cotton is getting is
people taking him out of context and
willingly misinterpreting what he's
saying
so what Tom cotton is saying is that the
coronavirus is coincidentally or maybe
not very close to the wuhan you know
bioweapons center and we can't rule out
any anything as a cause so this is
turned into this is that how Fox News
wrote this
it said Senator Tom cotton stands by
startling theory on coronavirus origins
he stands by his startling Theory what
startling theory Tom cotton said clearly
consistently and repeatedly we don't
know where it came from so we better
keep all the possibilities open and one
of them we can't rule out yet is there's
there's a facility just down the road
and that would be a big coincidence now
is that a startling theory or is that
simply a statement of fact we don't know
where it came from
this thing hasn't been ruled out I'm not
ruling it in I'm just saying it's not
ruled out and that turned into a
startling theory that's not even close
to what he's saying
now you could argue that it is not let's
say that it's not good leadership form
to put that idea out there without a
little more meat on the bones no I think
that would be a reasonable criticism I
don't know if I'd agree with it because
I think the information is already out
there the internet was been has been
bubbling with us forever so I'm not sure
in this case he's really adding any
information to what's sort of bubbling
around out there but you know maybe you
could argue that senators shouldn't put
something out there without a little bit
more meat then I saw Martha McCallum
push back on him and a video interview
and was pointing out that the experts
say there's nothing about the
coronavirus that it's DNA there's
nothing about it this suggests it's
engineered now some of you heard a very
early report that said hey this thing
looks engineered it's got some parts in
it that it shouldn't have but that
turned out just the wrong and other
people who looked at it now and there's
nothing in it just nothing that would
suggest it's man-made
so does that rule out the wuhan weapons
research place I would say no because if
I were a weapons research place would I
not also have
division that was working on cures right
that doesn't it make sense that you
would be working on if you had a
research place that was making these
kinds of weapons wouldn't you also have
you know in the same building even some
people working on the anti notes and the
cures and and even some people may be
researching what if this got out and
here's the here's the provocative part
that I'm gonna add so I'm not a senator
so I can add some conspiracy theories to
the the water but remember consider the
source I don't know what I'm talking
about so if you believe anything that
comes out of my mouth
next well that's sort of about you and
here and it goes like this and I'm just
brainstorming the possibilities it seems
entirely reasonable to me that if I were
a Chinese bio weapon research facility I
would want to know about any kind of
biological agent if that's even the
right word any biological thing that
could affect my people more than other
people so if there were something even
if it existed in the wild which by its
nature I knew there was something about
it that likely would kill more people of
let's say Chinese ethnicity than people
unless a Russian ethnicity just to pick
two random ethnicities wouldn't I want
to research that in my bio weapon lab
because if if worse came to worse in
some kind of major war and the other
team released this thing
yeah the Russians would get a bad cold
and we would be dying by the millions so
shouldn't I research that so I can work
on a cure find out if there's anything
that can be done about it learn
everything I can't so it seems
reasonable that a weapons research place
would want to know about any naturally
occurring virus that had that special
quality now we don't know we do not know
or be clear we do not know that it has
that quality we do know that there's a
dog that's not barking
which is I keep waiting for the
confirmation that a let's say a healthy
40 year old you know black Caucasian
Hispanic man died from the virus so I I
would like to hear the first case where
somebody died outside of the that the
circle there so anyway I think so
Senator Tom cotton is certainly in
controversial territory but I wouldn't
call it his startling theory he's just
saying we don't know Senator Chris
Murphy met with some Iranian leadership
folks and that story got broken was it
Molly Hemingway the broken I don't know
the origins of it she might have been
the first but if I give if I gave wrong
credit somebody will tell me and of
course that looks like a violation of
the Logan Act which says that no
American who is not the president
basically or authorized by the president
that nobody else can go negotiate with
another country so here's the question
was Senator Chris Murphy negotiating and
pursuing public policy on his own which
would be a clear violation of the Logan
Act or was he just doing what senators
do because senators do meet with foreign
leaders on the regular that's not even
unusual so I feel like we're in this
weird world where a crime is defined by
which team you're on and we're we don't
even pretend that that's not the case
anymore I feel as though we used to do a
better job of pretending that we would
look at the facts of crimes and you know
well if the facts are there and a jury
of your peers finds you guilty and all
that I feel like we've just departed
that world and if you're on one team you
can just do stuff that the other team
goes to jail for and will and we don't
even hide it anymore it's just like
right now in the open it's like oh yeah
yeah obviously our team can go meet
the Iranian leaders I don't see anything
wrong with that that's just a senator
just talking to somebody but if a
Republican did it I don't know I think
it would look different so I typically
and I hope you appreciate this by the
way on my periscopes I try to avoid the
old Oh you know you're a hypocrite
because you say this but I say that
because that's the easiest thing in the
world if you're if you're looking at
politics and you're accusing one side of
being a hypocrite it's just a waste of
communication because that's just the
given that would be sort of like talking
about the weather and every day you say
and today there's breathable oxygen
because there's always breathable oxygen
yeah maybe you leave that part out
anyway
let's talk about something else Bernie
is saying that Fox News has been more
fair to him than MSNBC now I think that
most of you on this periscope are sort
of in on the prank if you know what I
mean because you know that there are a
lot of Trump supporters who were saying
really nice things about Bernie because
they wouldn't mind
Trump matching up with Bernie in the
general election and they certainly
wouldn't mind causing some trouble with
the Democrats by by stirring up the the
feeling that Bernie is going to get
robbed again for the second time so when
Bernie says that Fox News is being nicer
to him than MSNBC it sort of loses that
the the prank aspect of it you know yeah
you have to understand the prank part of
it because heard awful lot of people who
are wink wink super Bernie supportive
because that Bernie he's consistent let
me say Bernie's authentic and he's got
have you heard he's got an army of
supporters they're very enthusiastic
yeah
and have you heard that because Trump
wasn't expected to win therefore
logically if another person is not
expected to win he's going to win you
get that right the logic of that how
that all fits together if one person did
something unexpected and he's a
completely different person in a
different situation in a different year
in a different party with all different
variables so if that person did it
logically QED
then Bernie is gonna be the next
president makes sense to you doesn't it
don't believe totally logical so I think
you just have to understand that I think
Trump has let's say lead by example to
the point where many of his followers
followers kind of understand the prank
without having to be told now I'm
hearing people warn us us being people
who seem to be in on the joke warn us
that he'll be careful what you wish for
because remember remember the Democrats
were playing the same dangerous game
with Trump anyway they were saying yeah
what should one should nominate Trump
that would be great no way he's gonna
win and then he won so you know same
thing could happen with Bernie right
same thing makes sense because analogies
definitely predict the future except
they never do because history doesn't
repeat that is loser think I've got a
good book for you if you need if you
need to know more about loser think
right over there
all right over there in the middle of
the screen so here's here's the bad one
I had some point I was coming to so
we've got Bernie who's who's I'll get
back to that I love the fact that Bernie
is calling Bloomberg a racist and he's
accusing him to by denomination because
the longer that goes on the more Trump
is getting his campaign ad written for
him because all he has to do is
take all the clips of Boerne saying that
Bloomberg is buying the election and
that he's just a billionaire buying the
election and that he's at he's a racist
because of stop-and-frisk and just just
play that in the loop because if it
comes from Trump people turn it off you
know before they hear it if it comes
from Bernie it's gonna remind all the
Bernie bros who were disappointed here
here I'm thinking ahead and assuming
that Bloomberg got the got the
nomination which by the way it looks
like that's what's going to happen so I
love the fact that Bloomberg will be so
damaged by Bernie that if he gets the
nomination he's going to be limping into
the general election Elizabeth Warren
seems to have lost her voice like
actually some kind of laryngitis thing
and oh my god it's it's hard to hear or
talk now I don't know what she's gonna
do with the debate by the way it's the
debate tonight there's that tomorrow one
night is the debate tonight right I
don't know what she's gonna do because
she literally you know can't really get
out of sentences without hurting herself
but what a time to lose your voice so
unfortunately it matches her drop in the
polls so her drop in the polls and then
she loses her voice and it just looks
like you know maybe she has another
couple weeks in her and that's it
here's a kill shot for Trump let's say
Bloomberg gets the nomination and Trump
wants to create ads that the Targum and
you know Trump likes to do the fun ones
not just policy stuff but you know the
things that evoke their nicknames things
that are funny etc and I've been
watching a lot of clips of Bloomberg
lately just because it's all over the
news
and here's the thing I've noticed that
no matter who he's with doesn't matter
what their what the person is he looks
awkward have you noticed that if you see
Bloomberg
reading somebody on stage or or shaking
hands with somebody or just sort of
pressing the flesh with the people
trying to give somebody a hug
it all looks really awkward now as soon
as you put that out there yeah like that
the first time that Trump this is
hypothetical we're so just think through
it the first time the Trump tweets that
that Mike Bloomberg is awkward meeting
people because maybe he doesn't like him
that much that's all you would see you
would never see anything else except him
awkwardly trying to hug people and not
knowing what to do and the beauty is
once you've been accused of you know
sexism he has to be careful how he
interacts with any woman in public you
know think about Biden poor Biden meant
to completely change what he does in
public because all the accusations of
you know hair smelling and whatnot and
he looks like he changed his act so he
just became a little more traditional
that way then a little less Joe Biden
but imagine if Bloomberg had to battle
against the the let's say the accusation
that he's awkward with people because he
doesn't like them I think he just
doesn't like people every time you saw
it you'd say to yourself wait a minute
does he look like he's being awkward
with this person because he doesn't like
people and I have no reason to think
that anything like that is true by the
way I kind of like Mike Bloomberg like I
don't know I don't have any negative
thoughts about him whatsoever
but I think he'd be really vulnerable to
that that idea here's a here's what I
tweeted this just before I got on
periscope so it's a scientific fact in
the world of persuasion that people are
more influenced by the risk of losing
what they already have then by the
opportunity that they might get
something that's you know cool and good
in the future so people will fight
harder they're more
motivated to keep what they already have
than to get new so if you take that as a
given then look at these three
candidates Bernie Bloomberg and Trump
let's let's assume I'm thinking too far
ahead but let's assume that some
combination of them are in the general
election you'd be asking yourself what
are they going to take away now the
thing that Bernie risks taking away is
your economy right I mean the Bernie
plan is so extreme that it actually
risks your whole economy you could lose
you at the very least you would lose it
the way it was so all the people who
thought it was good for them the way it
was are gonna be losing something and
it's money and it might be the entire
economy it might be the future that's a
lot to potentially lose how about
Bloomberg well he's the whole reason
he's running is he thinks Bernie would
destroy the economy too so he's not
gonna take away her money and in fact
who knows yeah he might actually do
something good for the economy he knows
you know his business but he's taking
something else away he's taking away
your illusion of democracy and it's
happening right now right in front of
you it's very important for the country
to operate properly that people have the
illusion of democracy yeah I know it's a
republic but the way people talk about
it is is a democracy so and if people
lose the if they lose the illusion that
their vote matters and that the people
who control things what happens how does
your system work if people lose trust
the voting actually is a real thing that
that influences elections and what I
mean by that is that Bloomberg is so
conspicuously and I would say honestly
you know I don't even fault it for this
because it's so it's so incredibly
transparent and honest he's pretty much
saying watch this I'm gonna buy the
election right I mean it's not about his
personality or his policies he's pretty
much saying watch this I'm gonna
by this election now he I believe he has
good motives I think he has no no
improper motives whatsoever that's my
assumption and belief about Bloomberg is
he's doing it for good reasons in his
mind but then necessary outcome of this
is that he's going to prove that
democracy is a sham because he's going
to prove that if you have enough money
you control the vote it's not the other
way around and he's doing it right in
front of us so that's a big thing to
lose you'd be losing your sense that the
Republic even exists in the way it was
designed now what would you lose if
Trump gets reelected your boredom to
think about it what does Trump tell you
he's going to take away well if you're
an American citizen I think nothing
right can you think of anything that
Trump is promising or at least you know
the the the nature of his candidacy is
looking to take away now if you're
partisan you're gonna say oh yes he's
he's taking away our cohesive nation no
he's not oh he's not it's only the
political you nerds who even think that
the world is even slightly worse than it
was when he took office the reality is
for people we're not living in the
political mindset if you're just going
to work and waking up and dating and
everything else the world has never been
better people have never been more
unified you know people have never cared
less about your sexual orientation your
your gender people have never cared less
about your ethnicity we're in the best
place we've ever been not good enough
keeps improving but certainly there's
nothing that Trump did that that said
that backwards in fact the polling says
were even the polling supports when I
said that things have improved under
trumpet so so if you think of it that
way what what are the candidates risk
for you as an American citizen losing
now if you wanted to get into America
and you are not already here
not already a citizen then Trump has
something he's going to take away from
you because he's taking away your your
easy ability to get into the country so
he's taking away he's taking things away
from let's say other countries that
weren't paying enough for NATO and he's
taking away a lot of stuff from a lot of
people but they're all in other
countries he's taking away China's good
trade deals that they had he's taking
away favored deals from you know Mexico
Canada mostly Mexico I think and a
little bit Canada and so if you were to
look at it in terms of the most
motivating thing is fear of loss then
Trump has the winning hand because he's
not taking anything away from Americans
unless you really you know yeah you have
to twist yourself up to turn it into
something that's being lost and it would
probably be an illusion all right see
what else we've got going on here if
anything nothing I'm looking at your
comments now what does this do to
America's international reputation so
that's this really interesting question
and I'm glad you asked it because it's
something I've wanted to talk about do
you believe that other countries have a
lower opinion of the United States today
because of Trump do you believe that
because you know there's certainly lots
of pundits who would tell you that must
be the case and remember there was that
video there was that video of the the
leaders including Trudeau and McCrone I
guess laughing about something about the
Trump you know team when they were
overseas so there's that right but
here's the thing
do you believe for a minute that leaders
of other countries are not laughing at
the leaders of other countries all the
time
wouldn't that be more normal have you
ever been in the room and a meeting if
you're in a room with a meeting and you
have any kind of an adversary it doesn't
matter who the adversary is you could be
an engineering and your adversary is the
marketing department of your own company
your adversary could be your customer
who's being annoying if you've ever been
in a room with any executives leaders
businesspeople organization anybody if
they're human beings and there's several
of the you and you're in a room and
there is somebody to talk about on the
outside you're gonna be talking about it
and you're gonna be laughing about it in
what world is that not a universal
quality the fact that you've got this
video of it happening in the Trump
situation you think that makes it the
time it happened was that that's not the
one time it happened no do you think and
let's be honest do you think that Trump
has never laughed at McCrone seriously
do you think that Trump has never
laughed at Justin Trudeau behind closed
doors you know I think he might not be
laughing at President Xi you know IIIi
would guess he's probably an exception
he probably doesn't laugh at him because
I don't know that there's anything
anything to laugh at in that case and I
think he might actually like Kim jong-un
on some kind of a personal level but of
course you know it's not a personal
relationship exactly but you know that
they all laugh at other leaders so when
people say we've lost our standing in
the world I say what did we lose our
standing with Mexico when they started
guarding their southern border and
paying for it was that when we lost our
standing with them did we lose our
standing with Mexico and Canada when we
renegotiated the u.s. MCA and got a
better deal for ourselves is that when
they stopped respecting us when we got a
better deal how about when we
renegotiated with China and everybody
said oh that's going to be a big mistake
and then the the first part got done and
it looks like it's a better deal from us
did
did everybody respect us less for
pushing back against China no did
anybody respect us less for anything
anything do you think other countries
cared about the whole Ukraine bs do you
think other countries took too seriously
the Russia collusion stuff I'm not even
sure they think it's anything but funny
so anyway I don't think that that's real
I think that there are always countries
laughing at other countries and that I
doubt that other countries have a
serious serious complaint about the
United States there are more countries
copying us than mocking us I would say
nobody trusts Trump and his lies
outweigh the truth equals the loss of
respect well I feel that the one thing
that Trump has going for him is that the
15000 lies or or times that he has
departed from the fact-checking don't
they all fit a certain category and
don't you think that leaders have
recognized that yet here's the category
let me let me give you two examples
Trump says the size of my crowd at my
rally was 10 million people okay that's
one thing and the other thing is we got
it bad we used to have a bad trade deal
with China and we're we better
renegotiate that so we better try hard
so those are two statements of facts
which ones do the leaders of other
countries think they should take
seriously and which one do they believe
they believe that China has a bad
situation with us that we need to fix it
that matters does it matter
the Trump exaggerated his crowd size
know if Trump accuses a political rival
of shooting JFK suppose he did that
tomorrow would the leaders of other
countries say oh my god
he's going crazy now or would they say
and be honest or would they say oh yeah
he always does stuff like that it's kind
of funny he's just he's just getting the
news wound up but making people talk
about this distracting but don't take it
too seriously do you think there's
anybody in another country who saying oh
my god
we've been launched the nukes we better
cancel our agreements with this country
their leader is crazy he's just making
stuff up no because they know him now
let's say that Trump says if you do X
there's gonna be a big price now that's
the statement that could be true or
false do you think other country is
looking at and say oh no he just lies
you know there's all just loss of trust
we can't even trust that he's going to
attack us or or you know sanction us
he's just a big old bluffer I'll bet the
don't I'll bet when he threatens another
country they think it's dead cold
serious and they take it as a fact does
that matter yeah yeah it matters sure
matters if Trump says he has the best
economy in four hundred years and it's
not exactly true because it was once
that time 150 years ago it was a little
better do other countries look at that
and say my god he can't stop lying
it's like he's a compulsive liar
everything that comes out of the man's
mouth is a lie we'll never do a deal
with him do they say that or do they say
yeah I probably would have said the same
thing it makes him fact check that and
then they'll realize there was only one
year and there was something special
about it but really it has been a great
economy 450 years and he's taking credit
yeah I probably would have done the same
thing
smart play if you actually dig in and
and even do a little bit of discernment
about the the so-called line you'll see
it's all in the same category it's all
in the the the BS category and that you
know it's BS you know his style you know
it's hyperbole you know he wrote a book
telling you he does this
he wrote a book telling you he would do
it again because it's a good thing to do
and then he does it right in front of us
over and over again we know hyperbole we
get it and we know that when he says I
want to lower your taxes he frickin
means it right when Trump said he wanted
to lower your taxes do you think do you
think that was a lie now he could
succeed he could not succeed but it
wasn't a lie about what Trump said he
built the wall not successful yet right
but was that a lie that was not a lie
because look at the look at the
political capital look at the effort
look at the creativity look at the risk
I mean he's he's putting it all out
there to get that frickin wall or or
something that makes the border security
better whether it's a wall or other so
when you look at what he promises he's
going to do he's pretty darn reliable so
when the campaign says you know promises
made promises kept I think that other
countries look at that and saying holy
cow that's a lot of promises made and a
lot of promises kept and when he says
and when he says that Bernie Sanders is
actually the son of an alien not an
alien from Earth but a space alien and
his real his real purpose is to take
over the world or anything else I think
leaders of other countries say oh that's
just campaign talk don't take it too
seriously so if you believe that other
countries have less respect for the
United States I think you've bought the
the mainstream news line and I think
there's no evidence for that and in fact
all evidence suggests that they're more
sophisticated than that the leaders are
anyway the people who make a difference
that they're more sophisticated than
that and they know the difference
between things that are BS and things
that are meant to be taken seriously all
right I guess that's all I got
as the can you remind me as the as the
debate tonight or is that tomorrow night
you lay down his mindset in the art of
the deal that's right
you are dunning-kruger we all are
dunning-kruger that's how it works all
right I think that's all
somebody says how's your stomach really
really bad yes today was not a good day
but I will talk to you tomorrow
and it will be better see that