good morning everybody and welcome to
cwsa the greatest thing that's ever
happened to you probably and if you'd
like your experience today which is
already phenomenal to go up to levels
that I just can't even explain it's so
good well all you need to do that is a
cuper mug or glass a tanker chelse Stein
a canteen jug or flask a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
unparalleled pleasure the dopamine of
the day the thing that makes everything
better including spackling it's
called the simultaneous it happens now
go oh that was so
good so yesterday I had a really good
terrible day
uh I don't know if any of you
experienced anything like this it was
very good and terrible at the same time
it was very good in the sense that
everything that happened yesterday was
good I had delicious food I exercised
the weather was perfect I spent quality
time with my dog I had some social
activities I got a lot done I got a lot
done even got my dog door fixed I mean
everything was just just clicking just
clicking and and do you know why it was
terrible because there are two major
wars in the world right now that are
completely on my mind all the time you
know one more than the other at the
moment and I can't take myself out of
the head of what it would be like to be
under
siege you what what would it be like I
mean how how how many levels of hell is
that I mean whatever it is it's you know
maximum hell but I found I found it
difficult to enjoy myself even though I
had no problems yesterday did anybody
have that
experience the the experience of feeling
literally guilty that you had a good day
because when you watch people who are in
such Dire Straits I mean it's not like
people haven't been in Dire Straits
around the the world forever but now
it's just being pounded into us you know
our our media is feeding it to us in a
different way now I have to
say I did not feel the same about
Ukraine why is
that I mean I felt you know the normal
amount of empathy but my life just sort
of goes on but there's something about
Gaza that's just a little extra I don't
know what it is could be it's just the
combined weight of things all right well
as you know my famous story that I say
way too often but I've come to the
conclusion that I can't say it enough
because it might be the most important
thing in at least
America our food is killing
us you know that
right our food source is Just
Deadly so I was just trying to avoid
inflammation you know I keep talking
about it and I tell you that a few just
I don't know several months ago and for
a few years during the pandemic
especially I was so so sore all the time
that um life just was barely worth
living honestly I could barely walk
upstairs and I couldn't figure out what
it
was so I made some changes to my diet
and it just completely stopped so
yesterday Long Walk full you know full
exercise not a single not a single bit
of inflammation full exercise not a sore
not anything just just a change of diet
I think that's the only thing I changed
now I don't want to throw anybody under
the bus but one of the habits I changed
was you know famously I would always eat
a bagel right after the show I would
always talk about waiting for my bagel
because it's so good but I decided to
you know I gained a few pounds and
usually I have a trigger at about five
pounds right if I if I creep up five
pounds which I usually do in the winter
then I'll reverse things and you know
try to slowly come down so I stopped
eating bread and started with not eating
the
bagels and I started to suspect that
maybe bread was my problem because not
long after that my inflammation went
away and so I Googled do Bagels cause
inflammation you should try that
sometime yeah Google do Bagels cause
inflammation well according to the
internet they
do according to the internet now some
people say it's the gluten I don't know
that it's that some people say it's the
um some kind of
preservatives I don't know that it's
that because they say it doesn't it's
not the same in Europe because the
preservatives are different um but some
say it's something to do with the
pesticides that are put on the
wheat and that getting it in our bodies
I don't know if any of that's true so
I'm not going to make any claims of fact
I will just tell you that when I started
looking to what foods cause inflammation
it's basically anything with added
sugar that takes away a third of your
diet right there any grains now I don't
know if this is true so this is not I'm
not expressing this as fact I'm telling
you that if you look on the internet or
listen to other people who seem to know
what they're talking about they'll tell
you don't need sugar any kind of grains
bread pasta oatmeal any kind of pre-made
packaged Foods anything with vegetable
oil that's almost everything anything
with preservatives almost every kind of
sauce or liquid that isn't water um and
then then my favorite category the
so-called night shade Foods night shade
if you're not familiar with that term
has stuff like tomatoes potatoes andg
plants some say red meat is a problem
others say red meat is a
solution I got a feeling it's more like
a solution than a problem and I'm a
vegetarian so I'm I'm speaking against
my own diet uh actually I'm a
pescatarian
technically so what does that
leave if you were going to try to have
you know no inflammation in your
diet that would give you some vegetables
but you'd have to to stay away from the
you know potatoes and eggplants um most
fruit but you'd have to stay away from
Tomatoes I guess um you could do some
clean forms of meat probably eggs
maybe
and that's about it oh nuts if you're
not allergic to
nuts so that's another thing you're
allergies so I'm not allergic to nuts so
so I experimented
experimented eating a lot of you know
strawberries and blueberries are
supposed to be especially
good um I don't recommend nuts because I
think maybe enough people have nut
allergies that I wouldn't recommend it
but I
don't and when I ate completely
clean I had two observations one I never
felt better I mean everything felt
better from my mind to my body in every
way felt better and um I was super
unhappy because uh I didn't enjoy
eating yeah sometimes you just want to
eat you you want to just enjoy the
feeling but man you don't really get
much of that if you eat boring food so
that's my uh my suggestion is that all
grocery stores should be
reorganized and the grocery stores
should be reorganized by
inflammation now some people said
incorrectly but Scott it already is what
what you do is you go in the store and
you only go around the perimeter because
the perimeter is all the the fresh
healthy
stuff no it isn't no it
isn't that would include all of your
Nightshade that allegedly causes
inflammation I don't know if that's true
by the way it would include the entire
Bread and bakery
department that's all sketchy right and
I'm not entirely POS positive that the
frozen foods are all bad I mean I don't
I don't I try to avoid them but I'm not
sure they're all bad are they so imagine
if you organized a store by
inflammation all right I've got another
theory that I'm going to trot out you
know how when you get
old you could die from a whole variety
of things that are associated with age
more than just about anything else
they're associated with right there's a
bunch of old people things that don't
other people is it my imagination or are
all of those old people problems related
to
inflammation I feel like old people have
primarily one problem it's that they e
 this is my new hypothesis is that
some percent of age related problems you
would not die from if not for the fact
your food source had caused you to be so
inflamed that you couldn't protect
yourself anymore and I've got a theory
that with age uh and maybe less activity
especially you're just less able to deal
with inflammation and the inflammation
is just the whole
story you know or or let's say 80% of
the story and that if you got rid of
your inflammation You' sort of cruise
into the age 90 you know unless
something specific got you that's just a
guess just a
hypothesis there's new Battery
Technology I'm always telling you about
this but who knows if this will become
real Toyota's got some new technology
that allow you to go over 900 miles on a
10minute
charge 900 miles on a 10minute charge
now apparently they're making this
operational so this is not just a
laboratory thing they're they're going
to manufacturing we'll see yeah we'll
see and then we have to ask some
questions about you know how many slaves
do you need to mine the materials
and how many wars will we have to get
more of it that sort of thing all right
more on Scott is right about
everything um I might be the only
Economist I say with quotes Economist
who said that the odds of a recession
were not that high and I I said it was e
either going to be mild or none and now
the uh experts have turned in that
direction uh not completely but more
than half of the experts according to
the Wall Street Journal are saying that
uh things might be okay and we might not
go into a full
recession so a little bit of optimism at
the same time the world is falling apart
in every single way how is it that we
have two critical
Wars and inflation through the roof and
debt we have no idea how to
handle and the experts just said yeah
it's looking good I mean I said the same
thing but it's pretty hard to predict
isn't it it's like economics is just
guessing then I saw also in the Wall
Street Journal that the price of gas is
starting to Trend down mostly because
summer is over but it will help I mean
if you're still commuting to work
wouldn't it be nice if your prices were
down and I looked at the prices and I
thought I was misreading it I'll tell
you why so I said over the past last
month uh some prices let's say in Athens
Georgia um are down to 2 292 a
gallon and I read this and I go wait a
minute in
Georgia that would be a state in the
United States there's a place in the
United States in the year
2023 that you can buy a gallon of gas
for
$2.98 today
so I said to
myself what does it cost me in
California because I I had a number in
my mind but I thought I must be crazy if
I just not noticed so I Googled it and
it was the same number add in my mind
$5.50 so a gallon of gas where I live is
$5.50 but if I lived in Georgia it would
be
$2.98 oh my God so so number of you are
saying you're paying sub
$3 God if I ever saw a gallon of gas
under
$3 I would think I'd go to heaven I
don't think I'll ever see it again in
California but anyway might be some
relief on that side of things and a lot
of it is because people aren't
commuting and a lot of people are
choosing to travel
less there are two things going on in my
life that would influence me to travel
less I want to see if this is
influencing anybody else number one is
the cost of gas I'm not as sensitive to
that but
um is anybody traveling less because of
the cost of gas I just want to see in
the
comments oh interestingly I'm seeing
mostly NOS but there are a lot of
yeses oh more more yeses coming more NOS
all right so there are quite a few of
you who are traveling less because the
cost of
gas here's the second question how many
of you are traveling less because your
social network got destroyed during the
pandemic Andor you became less social
because you just got trained not to see
people whoa look at the yeses now I feel
like the uh pandemic permanently changed
me my my ability to socialize is kind of
almost
gone
yeah it's there's something different in
my brain because I'm I just have a
discomfort socializing outside my small
small little group of
people all right wondered if anybody
else was having that all right we will
talk about
politics so I imagine if you will a
Advanced alien species came to Earth and
said uh could you explain to us your
political system here in
America and I'd try to do it and it
would look like this I go well we've got
this republic democracy kind of
situation which is a system which tries
to give the public what the public wants
you know by majority we don't we don't
vote directly on everything we elect
people to represent us you know our
majority opinion for the most part and
so the alien would say ah okay so how
how do your politicians know what it is
you want and I'd say well we have
polling there's polling on every topic
so they can look at the polls there are
some situations where they won't go with
the polling but but generally the point
of the system is that for the most part
what the public wants their
representatives will vote for and so
then the ellien would say ah polling
polling so the polling um so once
they've separated the people who are
paying attention and and they pull the
people who are smart and know the topic
and I go oh no don't don't make an
assumption no they poll whoever answers
the
phone and then the alien says wait a
minute the the way you decide whose
opinion to listen to is who answered the
phone yes so then the alien would say I
have more questions I have more
questions would that include people who
don't understand the topic you're asking
about whatsoever oh yes in fact it's
mostly those
people well like mostly you mean like
51% I wish I wish it's closer to
95 so only 5% of the people actually
understand the topic oh no I I didn't
mean to mislead you those 5% are
brainwashed hold on hold on you saying
there's two categories there's people
who don't know anything about the topic
because they're not paying attention and
it's
complicated but then there's this little
group who seems to know a lot about the
topic but they actually have been just
brainwashed by their preferred source of
U media yes yes now you're catching
on and then the alien says wow that's
interesting system and then he says but
at
least at least they exclude the people
have mental
illness because you're not going to pull
people with mental illness to find out
how you should run things and then I say
oh this is
embarrassing we do include them yeah we
don't exclude anybody for any kind of
mental illness and then the alien says
well that's probably not that bad I mean
like what percentage of people have
mental illness you know can't be that
much and I said ooh well okay on on one
side of the political aisle it's it's
not terrible but on the other
side 50% of the women have been seeking
uh mental health uh professional help
and then the alien says
well obviously the group of people with
the fewest crazy people are in charge so
that should work out well right
o no as it turns out the group with 50%
of the women who are seeking mental
health they're actually they have more
of a majority at the moment president
yeah Senate not the
Senate um no Senate yeah but whatever
um and then the alien says all right so
let me put this all together you take
the average opinion of 95% of the people
who were not paying attention to each
topic the 5% who were just brainwashed
and are not even exposed to the other
side and then about half of them on the
dominant side have mental
illness and then the our politicians
that we've elected using that group of
people uh they try to look at our
average you know the majority opinion
and then they take that opinion and then
they make laws based on it is that what
you're saying and then I say ooh almost
you're close no what the politicians do
is they find ways to suck money out of
the system uh to keep themselves in
power and enrich themselves sometimes on
the
side and then the alien says all right
well okay I hear what you're saying but
but in addition to that they make laws
that the public
wants o uh sometimes it can go that way
more often the public is wondering why
it doesn't go that way and we never
really hear for
example have you heard of something
called Tik Tok and the alien would say
no what is Tik Tok they go well I don't
have time to explain it in detail but I
can give you uh sort of a demonstration
Tik Tok would be a whole bunch of videos
that are roughly like
this
and then the alien would
say
what and I'd say yeah it's
basically people look at people acting
like that all day long and then the
alien says well why would anybody look
at that and I would say because the
people doing it are attractive you know
when I did the
imitation you know maybe it wasn't a
good representation
because I've had any surgery
but that's the basic idea and then uh
the alien says but everybody loves it
right oh yeah but you know it's our
enemies are using it to brainwash us and
take over the
country turn us all into
Wagers
and um and that's our
system but the alien says but at least
your your leaders will ban it in your
country and they'll say
H I
wish and then the alien would say you
know we had plans to give you our
advanced
technology to cure all all the physical
and mental problems and make you a space
fairing Nation but honestly I think
we're just going to kill you
 because you're crazy and
then a gigantic beam of energy hits the
earth goes to the Core
and then we all die and that's why if
aliens ever land on Earth and you happen
to be the first one there and they ask
you about our political system lie lie
it's the only way you're going to save
the
world next
story so I uh suggested that uh a good
solution for Gaza would be since you
can't really just put the Palestinians
back in charge because you would imagine
it would just turn into Hamas 2 and you
can't let Israel forever just own this
area that's you know pretty much
entirely just
Palestinians so what do you do and so I
suggested what why don't you let or make
an
offer the Saudi Arabia could administer
it so they'd be sort of like a
professional leadership class but there
would be a umbrella of Israeli security
because secur you know Israel would have
the last say if anything got under
control and then use the Israeli
military to protect a small nuclear
power plant uh that would do
desalinization and power and modernize
everything and make it basically uh
Switzerland with
sand so that was my idea because at
least it gives you some kind of
brainstorming of you know what could be
so you don't have to Focus entirely on
the horror that's happening at the
moment now um so I was waiting with
great interest to see what Saudi Arabia
would say about the whole
situation and I was encouraged because
they finally did talk you know MBS the
Crown Prince and they put out what I
would call the most
generic um anti-war statement you could
possibly do it's like uh it's really bad
to hurt civilians I sure wish I sure
wish no innocent people got
killed now try to try to just read
between the
lines it would be really really easy for
you know anybody who is a say could
benefit from looking like an enemy of
Israel it'd be really easy for them to
pile off and just say you're you're
perpetuating uh you know war crimes
actually China said that China said that
uh they called it Collective punishment
which technically it's not I guess um
they called it that and said it's
basically a war
crime now that's rich coming from the
country that has the Wagers in prison
camps but that's what they said now my
point is Saudi Arabia could have
responded like that as well and you
could easily imagine sometime in the
distant past Maybe they would have but
they do have more of an interest in
making peace with Israel if they can get
past this so I was encouraged by the
fact that their statement was so generic
it was almost like they went out of
their way to make it just blend into the
background of other people's comments so
that's a good sign because it means that
they haven't
rejected some kind of piece with Israel
you know when we get past
this um and I did see when I put this
idea on um the
xplatform I believe I saw nobody
disagree here's the disagreements I
heard why would you give a nuclear power
plant to Hamas because they'll just
dismantle it and make a nuclear
bomb okay did anybody think that was
part of my plan to give a nuclear power
plant to homas no no you would have to
have the Israelis completely control the
nuclear power plant right um
and I think am I wrong that the Saudis
were looking for nuclear power too right
so I think Saudi Arabia has an interest
in you know building up some skills in
that area as well and I'd be less
worried about them having a nuclear bomb
because you know probably they could if
they wanted
one
um so the fact that I I got I think I
got no push back except dumb push back
the the only push back was people said
what you know why would you do that when
Hamas is there but I'm assuming Hamas
has gone under all scenarios aren't you
there there's no scenario where anybody
who identifies ASAS is still going to be
in charge or have you know access to you
know organizing much they obvious it's
impossible to get rid of it totally but
there won't be much left so that was the
plan
I'm open to a better one um I had a
little back and forth with comic Dave
Smith many of you know comic Dave Smith
talks a lot about politics as well and I
asked him um he had
some he had some comments about the uh
uh how brutal it's going to be in Gaza
which we all I think we all have a
similar amount of empathy I hope um but
I asked him what was the alternative
because I get a little tired of the
people saying Israel should not be doing
what it's doing nobody likes it we could
all hate it but what's the alternative
because they can't just let Hamas stay
there and regrow and so I asked that and
comic Dave Smith said uh among other
things that uh instead of going in he
would fortify the
borders fortify the borders to make sure
that they couldn't run over and do it
again is it my
imagination or is that the worst idea
you've ever
heard fortify the borders now I get that
we're trying to fortify our borders and
it's
hard right it's really
hard but we're trying to do it so do I
think that they should fortify their
borders well
yes do you think they didn't try to
fortify their
borders or or is it Sugg just that now
we've learned more so we could do it
better you know we meaning the Israelis
in this case I don't think you could
make a border wall good enough to keep
people from getting in do you because
there were a thousand people and a
number of them were hang gliders yeah
how do you stop a hang glider well you
could I mean if you had a machine gun
turret on every you know every 100 foot
of fence and it was you know a person
was in char
you could machine gun anybody who tried
to parag paraglide in I suppose but to
me it just seems like getting a thousand
people across a border is the easiest
thing in the
world and it wouldn't stop them from
making missiles would it wouldn't they
just improve their
missiles and improve their drones
wouldn't Hamas just end up building a
drone Army that blackens the sky above
Tel
Aviv so
um so here's my take is there any
alternative to what Israel is doing at
the moment as as gruesome as it is I
don't see one I I don't think fortifying
the uh walls and hoping it doesn't
happen
again I just don't see
it okay um let's talk about the Gaza
water situation as you know in the fog
of War uh everything is a lie so you
should not believe anything you hear
from war zone ever you know at some
point you'll probably um you know
collapse on one interpretation or
another because we sort of have to our
brains our brains need to get things
settled so you'll probably come to some
opinion about what's happening or has
happened but the odds of it being true h
pretty low because nobody has an
incentive to tell the truth in a time of
War but here are some of the conflicting
things I'm hearing about their water
supply in my opinion the water supply
should
be one of the biggest variables to
predict what's going to happen and how
bad it will be so I'm hearing the
following things one is that uh the
water that Israel cut off from Gaza was
only about 11% of all the water
supply and that there's actually an
aquifer below Gaza that is their primary
as in 90% or so of all the water comes
from underground and they still have
pumps and they're still pumping
it now I don't know if that's true now
okay here's the second part as you're
prompting me there's also word that the
aquafer is polluted from poor management
it either has waste water in there or
sea water plus both so it may not be
drinkable right next question is in the
context of an
emergency could you boil
it yeah do do they have a
workaround I mean it wouldn't be a good
workaround but is it even possible I
don't know let me continue so these are
all the things we don't really know
we've heard that Gaza has been out of
water for two days saw this from a
source on X but does that really mean
that what they're out of is the Israeli
11% of the water because that's when the
pipeline was cut is that the same as
being out of
water because I'm getting uh conflicting
reports that they have plenty of water
but what does it mean to have have
plenty of water again if some of is
polluted it could be that they have
plenty of water in the area areas that
weren't hit hard because all they needed
there was a pump you know pump that they
could U manually pump and apparently
those
exist so it could it be that there are
portions of Gaza where they definitely
don't have water um but could they walk
to where there's water is it walking
distance because most of Gaza is so
small you know it would be hard but you
could almost walk anywhere and
then the next question is is Hamas
preventing anybody from relocating from
where there's no food and water to where
there is and there reports that they
are I don't
know if those are accurate of course
what's probably true is that everything
is
happening what's probably true is that
everything's true but you don't know how
true for example I'm sure it's true that
somebody is out of water I don't know if
that's most people or just some people
it's almost certainly true that Hamas is
limiting
travel but everywhere all people all the
time for all reasons I don't know don't
know and would it change because it
would be more dire would they then
change their minds I don't know don't
know it probably depend on who they
think would get blamed if they thought
the attackers would get blamed they
might just let the residents
starve if they think they'll get blamed
they might be a little flexible on
it all right
um so you put it all together and oh and
the other thing is that there's this
miles long uh Convoy of trucks with food
and presumably water uh in Egypt that
just needs to go ahead to get into Gaza
but does it help if they're sitting
there in
Egypt and not all allowed in so is that
a factor or not my my assumption is
this is that Israel is going to try as
hard as possible to make sure that
there's food and water however you have
to do it Whatever It Takes I feel like
that they're going to try as hard as
they can to make sure the citizens are
fed because it would be terrible for
Israel to lose you know huge number of
people to starvation that's just a
terrible
look yeah that doesn't work well with
anything that they want to accomplish
all right so we'll keep an eye on that
keep an eye on the water all right
Harvard continues to get
hammered uh the president of Harvard
made a statement that was not well
received by everybody now I'm going to
talk about the president of Harvard um
but I will not assign a pronoun because
I did not see the president of Harvard
um assign a pronoun so I don't know now
now I can only know I'm just basing on
physical look if you can imagine Don
Lemon with gigantic
glasses that's what we're talking about
uh the the name is I'll just use they
them so they they name they they name is
uh Claudia gay last name is
gay I assume that was a given
name um but anyway Harvard president
Claudia gay uh they said our University
Embrace a commitment to free expression
that commitment extends to views that
many of us find objectional or
outrageous we do not punish or sanction
people for expressing such views so
Harvard president um says that they're
they're a Bastion of free speech Megan
Kelly begs to differ she says you
literally scored last out of all
colleges on Fire's free speech
evaluation fire must be some
organization that evaluates Free Speech
uh now that its terrorist sympathizers
doing the talking you're a free speech
Champion
please so in the real world there's a
rank there's a raiding organization that
raided Harvard dead last and Free
Speech I feel so sorry for the the
people who went
there oh my God it would be so
embarrassing so uh
anyway uh New Zealand had an election in
which the uh the past ruling party that
had been the labor party of yasinda
arur so she was a notable left
leing Pro lockdown vaccination kind of a
person but has been replaced with a by a
crushing crushing Victory they say by
conservative party in a national
election so some are saying oh it's the
sign of things changing do you think so
or do you just think it's a New Zealand
thing I don't know I don't know if it's
a big sign but it's
a oh Peter xan says both past and new
governments are s
interest he might be right about that I
I was I was going to say it's probably
not a big deal I wouldn't make a big
deal about it and Peter Peter Zan agrees
so that's two people who say don't make
too much of
it all right there's a big question of
where will the Gaza refugees go some say
there could be as many as a million of
them and you would not be surprised to
know that uh some members of the squad
want them to come here
representative Jamal Bowman for
example
um wants something to come
here now you're probably saying to
yourself Scott Scott it wouldn't be so
bad to help the
children because you know we care more
about children and you know the children
are not are not
Fighters
right I would say that the children are
the most dangerous and the ones you
definitely shouldn't let in because I
assume that they've been propagandized
by their schools to a mindset that would
be almost impossible to get rid of so
you should consider them as infected
with a propaganda virus that unless you
could eradicate it somehow uh would be
super dangerous to mix them in with
people who do not have that
virus now did I make a comment about
anybody's genes no did they make a
comment about anybody's culture no these
are very specific situation of specific
messages that were trained to specific
people has everything to do with
propaganda and nothing to do with
anybody's ethnic or
religious um
inclinations all right um Joel poock was
reporting that uh the Israel Israeli
military has probably the oddest problem
any military ever had uh too many
soldiers so they called for uh the
reservists they thought they needed
150,000 360,000 showed up
and and they're refusing to leave
they're refusing to leave the
Border
wow um
so that's just hell of a
thing um is anybody else does anybody
else know that
um is anybody else getting demonetized
on YouTube for talking about the war am
I the only one so I've been getting
demonetized for my recent
podcasts what is your best
guess of what I've said that would be
different from what other people said
that would get me
demonetized because I I haven't violated
any terms of service I I've gotten no
notices and I'm not I'm nowhere near
violating any terms of
service what do you think it is do you
think I'm just blacklisted
somehow did I did I debunk too much
propaganda I have a theory what it
is
but I don't think I'm going to say it so
I can test my
theory I think there's one word I use
that I haven't used today and I'm going
to see if that makes a difference I'm
going to ignore that one word all
right
um on the xplatform there's a uh study
from
2021 and I would remind you that all
data is
uh non-credible we just live in a world
where you can't believe any data but
I'll tell you what it is because it's a
story that the data exists even if the
data isn't exactly right but what it was
is a study by some American national
election studies group and they tried to
see um they looked at four uh
demographic groups in the US um black
white hispanic and
asian-americans and they saidwhat do you
think about your own group and then
what's your you know how positively or
negatively do you feel about the other
three
groups and when they when they talk to
white people it turns out that their
opinion of all four groups including
their own was about the same a little
bit little bit advantage to their own
group so the white people were a little
more positive about white people but it
was in a narrow band with how they felt
about everybody else nothing that you
would worry about the other three groups
were wildly different meaning that they
had wildly better opinions of their own
group than of the other groups and the
in each case the white group was ranked
the
lowest now do you think that data is
accurate and would that be a place that
white people should hang around if it
were true now you have the same problem
with the um the rasmuson pole they had
similar kinds
of directionally it was a similar kind
of thing but had a small sample group so
some people said Scott you cannot judge
the whole country by fewer than 200
people to which I said yeah you can it's
called
math it's called an % degree of uh uh a
a% uh uh do you call it the
uh the uh error possibility what's the
word for that the uh margin of error
yeah so an 8% margin of error now
ideally you'd want to do thousands of
people and get your margin of error down
to one or two but if the point of the
survey says something like half of the
people believe something and you would
be alarmed if even 10% of the people
thought something it's plenty of people
you don't need more people if you
selected them right in the first place
the selection matters but the 140 or
whatever it was is actually enough as
long as you're looking for Gigantic
differences it's it's plenty if you're
looking for a small difference you'd
want more than a thousand
people if you're looking for a very
broad you know General sense of things
yeah 140 people if they're correctly
chos
within 8% of the correct answer probably
so that's all everything you need
now again I wouldn't trust any specific
poll I wouldn't trust any data at all in
the in the whole world I don't trust any
of it
and but if there are enough things that
point in the same direction and it
agrees with your
observation then you start taking it
seriously and what we have here
the indications are if it's
true um a real big mental virus that
could uh end the country meaning that
there's some kind of educational process
whether it's the media or the schools or
both the there's an educational process
that is setting up the country
for
cataclysm and it's it's based on how
people are trained to see the other so
we've clearly left The Melting Pot
behind and we're now into the oppressor
repressed model which should
guarantee um the end of
America because design is Destiny now we
still have time to change the design but
our current design is for the end of the
United
States very
clearly very clearly the end of the
United States now I do have confidence
that we'll adjust but we're not going to
adjust unless we understand where we're
heading and let me say it as clearly as
possible our current country's design is
a guaranteed
destruction guaranteed open borders and
promotion of people based on
characteristics which are not related
directly to
capability that's all you
need and then the the othering of one
group which almost certainly causes you
know massive disruption
so that's where we're
heading but I do have confidence that
the Adams law of slow-moving
disasters will adjust we'll find a way
out we always
do um but you might all have to move to
New Zealand or something I don't know
and that ladies and gentlemen is all I
needed to say was there any story I
missed Sunday is kind of a slow
day
Poland what about Poland oh I know what
you're
saying go to
Poland Australia locked down hard yeah
that but their government just
changed Soviet purges were the end
result of a slow moving
disaster true there will be
purges
you just described why I'm demonetized
no there's a specific word I'm avoiding
saying that I think is the thing so this
will be a test I'll just avoid saying
that
word starts with a
C all right if you have not seen my
Dilbert reborn comic for today you are
missing what most people are saying is
the funniest one I've ever written
because it does use some profanity in a
colorful way
and you would have to be a subscriber on
the xplatform And subscribe to me with
that little subscribe button up in the
profile or to be on the Scott adams.
locals.com platform where you get the
comic plus a whole bunch else and if you
didn't already know my book reframe your
brain is changing the
world actually literally Chang in the
world
so pick that up because I know you want
a copy it's doing great by the way the
the reviews are like nothing I've ever
seen they're
amazing all
right all you wonderful people yeah and
if you look at the other comments you
can see the comments are
tremendous um and I would say again it
is the book here's my claim it's the
book that for the least amount of effort
reading it because it's is written to be
really easy to read uh you'll get the
biggest change in your life and you
won't have to keep a diary you know you
won't have to do any crazy stuff you
just have to read it uh all it does is
change the software in your head and all
you need to do that is just be exposed
to it just read it once and it will
update the software in your head all
right that's all you need to know for
today so thanks for joining me on the X
and YouTube platforms I'm going to talk
to the people on locals a little extra
because they are awesome and they
deserve a little extra to
bye for
now all right