bum-bum-bum hey Janice
hey Frakker Dave Frakker Dave dan come
on in here I've got a quick question for
you good news I don't know is there good
news so here's a question for you I want
to put this out here I've got a few book
title names and I want to run them by
you the topic of the book which is not
anywhere near finished
but the theme of it will be ways to know
essentially ways to know if you're
thinking clearly
and ways to escape your mental prison so
it's a book on how to escape your mental
prison have you get past the
psychological blocks that are really
more like the illusions and had a had it
be more effective so that's the topic of
the book how to get down the your mental
prison but I don't think I want prison
anywhere in the title so I was thinking
of something like escape your mental
prison but I don't like prison the title
then I was thinking of something about
how to find the Golden Age escaping your
mental prison
I don't mind putting prison in the
subtitle but not in the title but some
people said the Golden Age sounds like a
history book so that would mislead
people so then the third suggestion is
slap a filter on it so if you can
imagine a filter and just slapping a
filter on it and most of the chapters
would would work with that because most
of it is about teaching you a trick so
that you can slap a new filter on your
reality and you can see past your your
mental prison and you can you can sort
of have a filter where you can find the
doorway to the prison so what do you
think yeah I don't want anything with
jail or prison and
main title I might put it in the
subtitle but what do you think of the
idea slap a filter on it and I'll wait
for a moment to see your see your
comments so that's the that's the
suggestion slap a filter on it this is
somebody suggests I title the book I am
NOT Sam Harris yeah nothing so I've been
rejecting anything with a jail or prison
I don't want that anywhere in the main
title but it might be in the subtitle
somewhere yeah I don't want mental
chains that's all prison so I want to
get rid of all the there can be no
prison chains handcuffed words in the in
the main title yeah I might put it in
the subtitle and somebody suggests
prison prison prison escape people who
don't follow directions although I
assume that was sarcastic but it was
funny
don't say slap hmm free your mind free
your mind is a little too ordinary mind
woke somebody says they like shake the
box yeah it's a good title but it
doesn't fit the content as well as you
should slap sounds imprecise do you see
the filter now it's something that you
understand which changes how you look at
the world so the filter is a mental
filter how about a mental filter how
about brain filter so slap a filter on
it was the suggestion I'm looking for
ideas on too violent you might be right
about that
how about brain filter
mine filters so it sounds it just
doesn't sound active yeah I want a title
that is not one or two boring words to
movies yeah I use that too much and win
big Lee so I need a something different
all right so we don't like slap how you
miss things release your bonds woke
Prison slap switch your lens what have
you got to lose mental filters mental
filters followers people have already
done Mental Floss fill your filter Biden
filter change your filters filtering
your reality be Ron filter change your
couldn't change your channel new color
pill think big Lee think big Lee think
big Lee that's not bad at all
because that my last two books yeah I
don't want big Lee though because that's
a Trump thing think bigger
expand reality idea jump power wash
brand mine screening pulling back the
curtain meant to filter matrix opening
your perceptions
what's wrong with slap some people
thought it sounded a little violent
maybe in this day and age that's true
filter framing the art of the filter
reframe reframe reframes a good word to
consider Switzerland's escaped a mental
prism mental flossing mental filter this
shredding your filter portafilter switch
your filters become unfiltered uglisha
potentials you know those of you who are
looking for a greater entertainment on
this periscope mindset filters that's a
little too Mike sort of itch red pills
overused break down your brain box mind
filter big Finkley the refrain brain
about reframe your brain reprogram
yourself think big list sky defy it for
those of you just joining so the book
will teach you a number of techniques to
reduce the illusions in front of you so
you can more clearly see reality and
escape your mental prisons so it's about
escaping your mental prisons but I don't
want any kind of prison chain reference
in the title mine shake shake the brain
shake the brain box think clearly with
filters persuasion filters well it's not
really a book about persuading anybody
it's about removing your own filter
third eye somebody likes think big Lee
it is the most catchy but big Lee is a
trump board and I don't want to I don't
want to leave that impression because
this is not a Trump specific book about
tweaking the simulation refined your
mind hmm
Electrify you reality through the male
veil how about the trouble with tribbles
filter hex filter hex reframe your brain
so let me let me make sure that one's
down there reframe your brain wins
simply
the atoms filter that's not terrible the
atoms filter you write that down
Fung Shui for your mind soaring neurons
unlock your mental filter it's all in
your mind dr. risky escape clean you
light smoke is going to go crusher
mindless seeing the elephants unbind
your mind seeing the elephant will be in
there do you program yourself reframe
your filter turn your brain around me at
the Dilbert illusion solution filter
reality unlock your berry potential
sight means simultaneous sip yeah it
doesn't really say what's in the book
but I'd like it as a as a title sitting
through your simulation about
reprogramming the simulation persuading
your reality the simulation stimulation
brain peel open the pod bay doors a free
yourself and make some filters how about
just filters that's not bad
filters it's funny why did I think it
had to be two words us whoever said just
filters not bad
how about well I'm seeing a lot of
people saying the Adams filter I wonder
if that would work you are a he or an
NPC non-player character
that's just cruel
does the winter cut filter fix or filter
fixer hmm it's too many apps the mine
filter brains brain sip open the blinds
filter swaps had to filter everything
and still think Bigley unlock the atoms
range filter alright so here's what I
like best so far the atoms filter I
wonder why I like that could it be
because as my name it mmm or I like just
filters I'll still put a subtitle but
I'll work on that separately
free-thinking shades filters filter the
atoms filter yeah the atoms filter tells
you that it's a way of seeing things
right so if you just say any kind of
filter people don't quite know what the
idea is
but if you say the atoms filter it is
immediately obvious that it's someone's
way of looking at the world is that
seeing it through your filter it could
be the atoms filters could be an S but
that's confusing atomized your mind
brain smoothie brain farts 30 days to
luxurious hair unlock your mind unlocked
is still like a prison brain with no
walls limitless brain refill tur the
brain integral adams persuasion filter
that's sort of what when Bigley was no
to adams filter filters is great so take
this choice if you had to choose between
only the two just the one word filters
or the more complete the adams filter or
filters which of those is better filters
one word or the adams filters or filter
thinking filters control the simulation
break your various a new paradigm filter
filter the flip side forehead slap Dale
Dale's filter make it wrong so people
discuss it yeah that there's a trick to
that you want to be filterfreak yeah
that's not bad it's sort of too close to
free economics but I like where you're
going there
I think you ever filter bro so we like
the addams filter or filters for life it
looks like there are more people who
like yeah it's not it's not a book about
systems over goals state of mindlessness
filter free so some people like just
filters filters yeah the trouble is that
so I've been told that filters by itself
feels like an Instagram reference
just filters filters looks like we're
about looks like we're maybe even
between people like the Adams filter and
people like filters the trouble with
just filters is that won't make sense
but the Adams filter immediately tells
you what you're what you're going for
but it's a little narcissistic the
golden filter I like where you're going
with the golden filter by the way how
amazing is this that I can brainstorm
with 1200 people who are focused on the
same topic and God knows why there are
so many people who would be willing to
participate but I'm very grateful that
you are the Val here the filters filter
makes you think of photography
rose-colored filter on your mind the
trickle-down the Audion Adams coffee
filter the coffee filter the coffee
filter is not bad or the Adams coffee
filter because I can make it that could
work
because mmm doesn't doesn't quite work
pura filters yeah just filters by itself
is too much in cystogram I agree with
you the Adams filter is number one at a
matrix coffee filter so one of the good
things about the coffee filter besides
the fact that makes you think of a
coffee filter is it makes you think of
coffee
all good things is that I could have a
there's a natural chapter that actually
works perfectly with the book that would
be a coffee filter chapter so that
actually works unfiltered minefields are
forever coffee with filters filtered
yeah
Adams lens
I like Adams unfiltered Adams unfiltered
sounds like I'd be giving my own
opinions about all kinds of stuff and
swearing a lot through the filter with
Scott you're going to put us all in the
acknowledgments right of course I'll
mention you all in the acknowledgments
the golden coffee filter or Adams coffee
filter the distilled mine simultaneous
filter don't think you free your bio
shitty coffee can hear you and freeze
your brain I'll filter truth
simultaneous truth reality unfiltered bs
proof you mind better producer and
diesel enza's we use on life life lenses
life lenses it's hard to say though I
don't like it lens is an unsatisfying
word let me teach you a little bit about
writing here's a little writing tip for
those of you who are nice enough to I'll
keep reading these but there are some
words that just lay there and lens is
one of them lens it's it's just like the
air going by
lenz compare that to win big li win big
li is almost a solid object right you
can almost feel it
win big Li I think I could hold that my
hand it would be it would be kind of
rubbery win big Li
but if you say lens it's just it's just
like a wisp of air that comes and goes
in your mind so lens doesn't have any it
doesn't have any structure it's not it's
not sticky you won't won't stay with you
everybody is stupid you're smart it's
got a guess filters world view field
raise the lens through Adams world
Twilight filters filter quilter Adam
sudden filter does your biography yeah
might be pure gold filter or filter
prosperously no filters allowed filter
no fill Turkish liberation Theory mocha
filter mind games taken a clear lens
simultaneous sipping without the filter
mm seems like Adams removes general
applicability of your topic yeah there
is there's also there's a rule in
persuasion and a rule that that works
for writing if you're writing fiction
especially you don't want to give people
a reason to not like you so putting my
name in it will give some people a
reason to like it but you know if
they've like anything else I've written
but it will give other people and
automatic reason not to like it it's
like oh I've got an opinion I don't need
to hear his opinion
so probably the Adams filter doesn't
work because I'm a little bit too
polarizing it would be better to take
the focus off of me the filter theory
so the the coffee filter hmm you know
I'm starting to like the coffee filter
but maybe it doesn't tell you enough
filter no longer feels like a word yeah
we said it too much didn't we then they
stopped losing its meaning as a word
filter a keen filter theory changed your
mental construct beyond the filter
filter skelter take the blue pill filter
ISM something with filter that changes
it to its own new word that's always
sketchy you know having a word that
isn't a real word gives people a problem
because they can't necessarily remember
how to spell it orthogonal filters that
would be the least likely title Hair
Club for Men it's not the worst this is
Scott Adams filtered me he filtered me
up think freely think freely we might
have a winner here think freely that is
now your current best suggestion so
somebody has to beat think freely which
plays very well with my last book which
was win big Lee so when big Lee think
freely pretty good it's pretty good to
think freely Wow I think that's it I
might hate it in five minutes one of the
problems with these titles is when you
hear one that's catchy and the sticks in
your mind you start thinking oh yeah
that's the one and then you go back to
it a day later and it doesn't sound as
good the second day
all right so now the addams filter has
the problem that it concentrates on me a
little bit too much as a personality and
it gives people a reason not to buy it
you never want your title to give
somebody a reason not to buy it
that would be the ultimate title mistake
I'm seeing some good some love for a
think freely I can't tell I think that's
that it's the right way when you see it
it looks backwards on my my back camera
think freely Wow okay
think freely absolutely has more
positive response than every other thing
now I feel terrible because I didn't see
who it was who made that suggestion I
was so eager to write it down so if
you're the person who made that
suggestion and you know who you are be
sure to send this to all of your friends
and say he didn't remember my name but
he liked my suggestion that doesn't mean
I'll use it because I have to I have to
check it with the publisher and make
sure that it works but think freely is
really good you will have to make sure
there's no other book with that name and
everything else alright I think I got
what I need
let me talk about one topic and from the
news for those of you are nice enough to
stay here so there's a the News's all
worked up about the fact that the
president mocked Christine Ford he
mocked Christine Ford now the
interesting thing is that how you think
about that has a lot to do with whether
you think she's definitely lying
definitely telling the truth or we just
can't tell so your your opinion on his
mocking really sort of depends if you've
already made your decision whether she's
a big ol liar completely honest and
nothing but a victim who's trying to
make the system better or you just can't
you'll never
president Trump's assumption clearly is
that she's not credible and he mocked
her by mentioning the very things which
show her to be less credible at least
you can make that argument I think that
was totally fair
given that he's quite certain she's not
credible if you think she is then it's
of course it's an ugly thing but the
people who say that he there he goes
attacking a woman again that might be
the dumbest pundit thing anybody ever
said the think out dumb this is to say
there's the president attacking a woman
haven't we seen this president attack
every male who's come across his path
hasn't he attacked a hundred percent of
the men who were you know opposed him in
any way
has he not mocked a hundred percent of
men who were on the other side in any
context all of them he has mocked every
one of them male female
you know black or white older young he
is mocked a hundred percent of his
serious critics that made any difference
so when I watch what I call rally Trump
you know when Trump does his rallies he
is very much intentionally and obviously
taking on a character so when he's doing
his rallies you're seeing essentially
live entertainment in which he inhabits
a character who's sort of an exaggerated
version of the president in which he'll
say a little more a little more
outrageous things he'll be funnier he'll
be a loser he'll he'll not care about
political correctness so when he plays
that character he's insanely popular
with his base and I got to say I watched
just the clips of where he was making
fun of Christie and Ford and if you can
separate yourself from if she is just a
victim it's actually quite horrible
you know I think I would agree with that
but the president thinks she's not
credible many of the base thinks she's
not credible so if you just look at his
performance like did he deliver the the
entertainment he really did you know no
matter what you think of his politics or
him personally I think historians are
going to agree that by a fairly large
margin he's the best that any
president's ever been at that which is
holding a crowd you know electrifying a
crowd getting a big crowd making them
excited getting them you know keeping
them in the base I don't think even even
historians who don't like this president
I think they're gonna still agree that
he's the best there's ever been at that
having those rallies and and holding the
audience so my take on it was very well
done technique-wise
and how you feel about it depends on how
you feel about her credibility in the
first place so people are gonna be all
over the board on that let's say I'm
just so now the apparently the the FBI
report is submitted so do you all
remember what I said when this the FBI
investigation was first approved do you
remember the what I what I told you I
said that in any big organization you
can't do anything in a week I mean
nothing of any importance so the fact
that they can strained it to a week just
sort of guaranteed that nothing terribly
important no or extra will be done few
extra interviews you know a few extra
allegations but it's gonna kind of sort
of look a whole lot like it looked
before they did it there's just not
enough people to talk to there's no
physical evidence right so and I heard
Greg Gutfeld say this do they have the
five and I concur which is we've been
thinking in terms of the president is
either going to get this
Supreme Court nominee and that would be
good but it might cost him in the
midterms or he could not get the nominee
and that would be real you know
energizing for the base so he might do
better in the midterms than than anybody
expects so he has two ways to win but
it's easy to forget that there's a third
way to win which is that he gets the
nominee and it also energizes the base
because they watched you know the
process
it's the let me let me let me put this
to you in a frame that I think will make
all this make sense when you're trying
to understand who's who's energized by
stuff there's probably nothing more
energizing for conservatives for Trump
supporters for Republicans you know
they're not perfectly overlapping but
what's called that group I don't think
there's anything more energizing then
somebody trying to change the rules
without going through the right process
am i right there's nothing more
energizing than somebody trying to
rewrite the rules to their advantage
without going through a process now if
we go through a process and laws are
changed and stuff you know you can often
get people to go along with it even if
they don't like it but if but if there
is for example let's say you had
activist judges or freely interpreting
the Constitution and they're they're
sort of doing things that maybe are not
strictly in the Constitution well that
is probably it's just it's like the
third rail for Republicans it's like
okay the only thing we have holding
civilization together is an agreement
about the rules it's it's all we have as
soon as we lose our agreement on the
rules the whole frickin thing falls
apart so we gotta agree on the rules and
so it's very energizing and I think that
this whole the way the nomination and
advise and consent process is go on
although it's still sort of technically
within the rules nobody's quite
violating the Constitution there's not
really any kind of evidence threshold
for you know this sort of thing you know
it's not like a court but still I think
everybody would agree that the left is
changing the rules and they didn't get
permission you get that right nothing's
more energizing to the right then the
left changing the rules without getting
the you know getting some buy-in from
the other side and it seems that that's
what they're doing with with changing
the rules about how we see evidence
changing the rules about reasonable
doubt changing the rules about you know
innocent until proven guilty so and then
the other thing that consistently amuses
me and I've said this before but I'm
gonna say it again
although my my especially my social
instincts leaned far left you know left
of Boerne that that's sort of where my
you know moral compass points but I
prefer the company of people on the
right because I don't know if it's
because I grew up with Republicans yeah
I'm sure they had something to do with
it but I there's something about the
consistency and the dependability and
the the way that Republicans and
conservative regard fair play that I
just prefer and and one of those is
don't change the rules unless unless
you've talked to everybody right and I'm
feeling like one of the other
characteristics of Republicans and see
if you agree Republicans Trump
supporters conservatives if I can lump
them all together just to make this one
generic point wouldn't you say that you
could describe them as more more action
than talk don't you think that's a good
generalization
that they're the sort of people who
might not tell you they're gonna vote
but they're very likely to vote as
opposed to the you know the the
opposition the resistance it feels like
the resistance talks a lot and they do
act a lot too there's a lot of
organization there's a lot of stuff
going on but it seems like with the left
the amount they talk and the amount they
act are pretty correlated you know if
they talk more they're acting more if
they're talking less they're acting less
but over on the right it's a little it's
a little less obvious over on the right
there's people who don't need to talk
they don't see the value of talking
maybe they're not complainers maybe they
say well my contribution is voting so
you know I don't need to chat about it I
don't need to have a protest I don't
need to wear a hat I don't need to
make a sign I don't need to talk to my
neighbors I don't have to tell tell my
co-workers who I'm voting to voting for
I don't have to answer a poll I don't
have to do any fricking thing you want
me to do it's a free country and I don't
have to participate in any way I don't
want to but one of the ways I like
participating voting so it seems to me
that we have a situation that would be
at least similar in some ways to the
what we call the shy Trump supporters
but I don't think it's shyness exactly
that might be part of the story well but
that's not what I'm talking about here
I'm talking about that it would be
harder to measure the likelihood of
Republicans voting because Republicans
are action they're not talk so if they
haven't talked to you and told they're
told you they're going to vote you might
make the mistake of thinking they're not
that incentive to do it so yeah I I
think you're gonna see because the
trigger for voting on the right is I
don't know if I've ever seen a bigger
one right in terms of
like a basic question about how the
world works how we're going to hold
society together the question of whether
one side can rewrite the rules
unilateral unilaterally should produce
one of the highest turnouts of all time
that would be my guess so I think you're
gonna see yeah it's not a question of
shyness it's a question of preferring
action over talk and just taking care of
business and knowing what you got to do
and I think there'll be some surprises
your dad always said no bumper stickers
because cars don't vote so that's just
so-so Republican undercover rage yeah
messing with pollsters yeah I wonder if
Republicans are just sort of generally
less likely to give their opinion to a
stranger it might be true
you promised you didn't think this as a
plan I'll promise you nothing so is
anybody tried in my method of
encouraging somebody to vote and I'll
recap it just so you know in the
comments tell me if anybody's tried it
yet because you're running at a time you
need to do it in the next couple weeks
and you can just regard it as a
persuasion test so this would be a test
to see if the technique works so let's
say you've identified somebody who is
likely to vote the same way you are and
you want to encourage them to vote and
the suggestion is this you don't want
them to think about the whole process
because that's too big a decision too
big a commitment people don't like that
you want to boil it down to the smallest
increment that will get them to do
something anything and that something
might be open your email and there's a
link there and the link is tells you
that's where you can sign up but
importantly and this is very important
you keep your email very short just the
fax here's the link to sign up takes
about 60
seconds that's important tell them that
they're only putting in like a 1-minute
investment and that they can request to
vote-by-mail that's very important
you want them to request the
vote-by-mail because then they don't
even have to leave the house and you say
maybe we can fill this empty gether you
know if you have any questions or you
could say just vote for the stuff you
know you don't have to you don't even
have to vote for anything that's on the
ballot that you don't understand just
just get your feet wet just vote for the
stuff you know yes and you also have to
ask people more than once of somebody
somebody prompted me the more times you
touch them the more likely they'll act
that's true but you'll probably get a a
sense pretty early on whether whether
somebody can be moved so if you get a
real clear sense that it's not going to
happen you know just cut that one loose
and maybe try somebody else but I'd be
interested in your feedback five four
seven somebody said five four seven I
hope that means that it worked five out
of seven times yeah if you if you push
too hard they will resist so you're
pushing should be in a different context
once maybe you talk to them twice maybe
you send them an email
third time once you've given them some
time you say how did you see my email
because that's that's not really bugging
him that's just sort of following up
how many states vote my mail that's a
good question I don't know but if you
don't have that option then maybe you
can offer to drive your friend to the
polls is that raining I think there's a
huge rainstorm happening right now
I'm gonna go out of my porch and enjoy
the rain anyway let me know if it works
for let me know if it works for anybody
bye for now