I do too - pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom hey everybody you know what I'm
gonna say now come on in here time to
get in here because you know what time
it is it's time for one of your favorite
times of the day I call it coffee with
Scott Adams and it's time for a
simultaneous Golden Age SEP here it
comes
ah good stuff so where to start where to
start let's look at the headlines on CNN
or all look at the headlines on CNN and
you can play along here's one James
clapper this is just a headline clapper
he says that trumps relationship with
the truth is Orwellian clapper James
clapper one of the most famous liars in
the world and literally he's more famous
for being a liar than he is for whatever
he did as a job hey if your name is
actually simultaneous you know it's like
associated with lying it's like the
first thing you think a clapper a liar
this is if the first thing you think you
say you know like dude do name
association would be like snow white you
know water wet clapper liar so now of
course I know President Trump has has
had a special relationship with the fact
checkers but what's funny is the
President Trump is also lots of other
things he is is the president who's
probably soil think North Korea he is
you know he's this he's just a big ball
of things the the failing the
fact-checking is an important part but
with him is just sort of part of the
canvas you know part of the tapestry
with clapper that's all he's famous for
it's it's literally the only thing that
I know then all right
the Anderson Cooper's asking does anyone
care about Trump's lies well I can
answer that question for you Anderson no
no we do not care so I proposed a new
law are you ready
a new law and it goes like this if you
are the President of the United States
or even let's say even if you're
president-elect or president we'll do it
we'll do both that you cannot be
prosecuted for lying about an alleged or
actual sexual affair so of course you
want to you want to give prosecutors the
power to prosecute if somebody lies to
them during an interview so in general
you want it to be illegal to lie to the
government under oath but can there ever
can well okay somebody had a consensual
of course but there can be an exception
to this rule and the an exception would
be done simply for the greater good now
let me ask you this is there can any of
you see any benefit for the country of
any of this stormy Daniels payment stuff
like which way does it you know if it
turns out that the president did
something that's technically illegal
involving stormy Daniels do we want to
give up the denuclearization of the
peninsula lose the president that one in
a fair election you know destroy the
Republic essentially guarantee that the
next person can't be President
right because if it happens to trump
it's definitely gonna happen to the next
one hey you don't even have to wonder -
the next one is
show me the person who makes it to the
presidency and doesn't have a boyfriend
or girlfriend that in the closet I'm not
sure that's even a thing so I would say
a special law that says if the if the
allegation of criminal conduct has only
to do with lying the battered affair
exception just legalize it Congress
should do it today we've got a
Republican majority right this past law
that says this special case if you're
president or president-elect and if you
lied about something about your personal
life it's okay just make it legal only
if you're president for the good of the
country all right and it's it's
hilarious to me to watch the networks
and the pundits or wrestle with this
problem of wait a minute you know did
the president really lie about the
stormy Daniels I I think lying about
stormy Daniels is what you'll want him
to do that's not a that's not a bug and
that's a feature it I would beg him to
lie about that
please future presidents I don't you
know whoever you are through the through
the rest of history if you are asked a
question like the stormy Daniels
question please for the benefit of the
country and your your family probably
just lie just lie just say it didn't
happen that should be legal and
acceptable for the president because the
president's doing the people's business
all right let's talk about looks like
there are three Americans to be released
from North Korea today some have said oh
this is just a goodwill gesture just
part of the texture of you know I'm
making the negotiations go well but I
say
do you give away your leverage until you
have a final deal no no you do not you
do not give away your leverage unless
you have a final deal so that's another
indication that it's probable that the
details haven't been worked out
but it looks like in broad strokes we
got a deal that's what it's looking like
to me anyway and it looks like the
locations at least North Korea is
pushing for Pyongyang or the DMZ both of
them have celebration ridden hollow from
all right that doesn't sound like a
negotiation to me now let's talk about
the Reuters poll news that came out last
night so who knows if this poll result
will will you know be confirmed by other
polls and who knows if it's real or just
a blip or you know a data hiccup but
what the poll says is that black male
support for president Trump doubled in
one week black male support for
president Trump doubled in one week now
of course it's being called the the
Kanye effect
Candace Owens tweeted it with one of one
of the best tweets you're going to see
so Candice tweeted the story about black
belly african-american approval in
general went up but I think black male
approval approval went up the most and
Candice retweeted that and said they
liked how Candice Owens thinks so of
course it was a callback to Kanye's
tweet about her and it was a perfect
tweet but here's here's my hot take on
that keep in mind
keep in mind that the same week
that Kanye was absorbing the news cycle
was around the same time that we were
hearing that black unemployment had
reached the the best point in all of
history since the beginning of the
universe black unemployment reached its
best point right at about the same time
everybody saw the pictures of North and
South Korea shaking hands and the entire
in the entire world just said to
themselves this this president Trump is
a badass he seems to be able to get
stuff done
maybe he saved us from nuclear
annihilation alright so before we go
full racist and say the black vote
changed because a hip-hop star told them
it was okay I would look at the
headlines that don't include Kanye to
see if there's anything in there all
right I'm pretty sure african-american
voters are looking at the same news well
actually they're now looking at the same
news as everybody else because everybody
has their little silo but all of the
news has the same two facts I just
mentioned unemployment is great for
african-americans in particular
everybody really but african-americans
are at a record and the North Korea
thing how in the world do you ignore
that all right so if there had been no
kanye there's still a pretty good chance
there was Trump approval numbers we're
going to go up with african-americans
because they're probably going up across
the board right and and then especially
the unemployment numbers improving that
goes right to the heart of things so as
much as I want to give you know I want
to give Calle and Candice credit and
they deserve a lot of it right it's
possible that the number moved entirely
because of you know the the the work and
the the risk that those two people took
it's possible but before you go full
races
and say that's what's moving this many
voters you got to look to the headlines
and say I think everybody likes peace
and North Korea
everybody likes a job so let's let's
keep it in perspective now
conservative commentator Tommy Lehren is
issuing sort of a warning about
conservatives falling in love with Kanye
because she's saying that will will be
disappointed and that he is just doing
it to sell albums and it's not real so
here's a funny parallel do you remember
when candidate Trump was running and the
never Trump errs became a big deal the
weird thing about Trump is a he ran as a
Republican and he broke the brains of
Republicans you don't expect that right
you expect somebody to break the brains
of the other side if something's going
to get broken
but Trump actually broke the brains of
people on his own side well Kanye just
did the same thing he just turned it
Tommy Lehren who is probably the most
famous accuser of snowflakes you know
like yeah your snowflake your snowflake
you know get over it you know this this
is trivial you know forget about the
political correctness you know just get
past it but Kanye turned her into that
for at least for just this this
situation she completely misinterpreted
his slavery comment as many people did
and then she attacked him
on the thing that he didn't really say
now he can be criticized for talking
nonstop in public for years and one time
he made a bad analogy that's fair he's
been talking for years and years in
public spontaneously off the top of his
head and he did make that one mistake
that time you know you can't can't erase
it but you can put it in God
you know made everybody mad but the
actual problem was that he said a
sentence it wasn't terribly as clear as
he wanted it to be no big deal so no one
cares but yeah I guess ben shapiro
was saying some things as well but
here's the thing that i think that both
ben shapiro and tommy larren are not
maybe not appreciating that the nuance
here Kanye is very clearly not agreeing
with Trump's policies that's very
important
right and when when Trump lovers or
conservatives are I'm showing approval
of Kanye they are not approving with his
approval of president Trump's policies
they're they're approving the person
they're saying this person is in favor
of free thought get out of your mental
box have some new ideas we like that
maybe everybody should be that way all
right that doesn't really even have much
to do with politics per se except that
you know it frees our minds around
politics but it's more it's more about
the quality of mind how do you what
exactly is the argument against being a
more original thinker that's sort of
always asking he's saying be more
original you know the way I worded it
was if the old way of thinking let's
talk about the african-american
community if the old way of thinking
let's call it pre Kanye if the old way
of thinking is fine with you and it got
you to here and you're happy where you
are here with the old thinking then
there isn't a problem there's there's
nothing to be fixed but if you don't
like where you're at you know as a you
know as a group if you don't like where
you're at well the old way
thinking got you there could the old way
to think you can get you out of the
situation a guy you went to maybe you
know maybe if there's some kind of a you
know gradual improvement situation going
here it might but Kanye is just raising
the question is there another more
productive way of thinking about
everything I would say that's a fair a
fair statement doesn't matter if you're
on the left of the right Kanye and
Candace to meet with Trump so faster
Scott who's close with President Trump
is alleged to be looking to put together
a get together in the White House that
would include the the report is and of
course who knows how much is fake news
versus real news at this stage but the
report is that they're trying to bring
together some celebrities and athletes
presumably African American celebrities
and athletes to meet with the president
with Kanye to say thing here's what's
wrong with that
you don't put Kanye in the room with a
bunch of other people otherwise you've
wasted Kanye it's sort of a waste of
time let me give you an example I'm I'm
often invited to be on various news
programs so you've seen me on CNN and
Fox and CNBC MSNBC you see me on various
podcasts and platforms and stuff and one
of the first things I ask is whether
it's going to be me alone or I'll be as
part of a panel discussion if it's a
panel I'm wasted you know I I'm not the
guest you asked gong to be on a panel
because my thoughts are sufficiently
unique that they just wedging them in
with a classic Republican or a classic
Democrat on a panel I don't really fit
on a panel right you could have more of
me or less of me but don't
be on a panel it just it just ruins you
know the whole point of inviting me on
the show Kanye is the same thing what
he's saying is so unique that if you put
him in this big room at a big table you
know him he's one of the 25 people at
the table and you've got the President
Trump he wasted a plane ticket well
maybe he flies private I assume he does
but he wasted a trip
you don't dilute a Kanye you're wasting
it
I had no point that and it would sort of
look like a sort of a show meeting you
know like it's made for the cameras it's
not made to get anything done I'd
suggested a tighter group you know Hawk
Newsom Kanye Candice you know pastor
Scott you know maybe no more than maybe
eight people you know if you throw in
the Secretary of something or other
something like that because that's a
small enough group that it's still world
news so you get all the benefit of the
reaching out to all the world news but
you would have in the same room some
people who actually have some novel
ideas and you would have with those
three people I mentioned you'd have you
know left right and center you know
Kanye being the unifier imagine you know
it would be hard to put it in the same
room
Candice Owens and Hawk Newsome because I
don't I don't think they're on the same
page right politically but if you also
put it in the room with Kanye who has
signaled approval to at least listen to
both sides then you got a meeting
there's by the way there's a a rule of
three so this is something I learned
years ago the rule of three if you have
it if you have an opportunity to build a
you know a project group a working group
that sort of thing
three people is sort of an ideal number
of people to get stuff done and
that every decision is going to be
either unanimous or a two-to-one you
know twice as many of the two out of
three want to go one way than the other
so you have very decisive majorities for
everything you do and if you get the
right three people they balance either
each other just they balance the other
just right so three is a really powerful
number all right what else we got going
on today there's a black grandma who's
serving life for a pot related she was
up for clemency somebody said well I
would favor that without even knowing
into the details unless there were some
violence involved certainly a
grandmother who's in jail on a weed
charge I would say spring her down I
don't know the details so if there's
something I'm missing on that story
scratch everything I just said
all right so Julie yeah yeah so I talked
about this last night but some of you
weren't there so Giuliani in his
interview said that if Ivanka is pulled
into the Muller investigation that the
the public will revolt because she's so
popular and it would look so unfair to
drag her in there then he was asked
about Jared and he sort of laughed and
made an awkward joke about Jared being
less popular and he used the word
disposable now of course the enemy press
immediately said disposable well let me
let me tell you what MSNBC sent after
Giuliani said with a smile and a joke
he's Lee was literally laughing when he
said it he goes I had Jared is
disposable but he meant it in the
context of how much does the public care
they care a ton about Ivanka for you
know good reasons plus irrational
reasons she's an attractive female she's
you know capable
she checks all the boxes of you know
good role models so he was saying you
know you bring in somebody as popular as
her that's bad news for anybody who's
working against her
whereas Jared is you know he's not
directly related to the president even
though obviously he's very close to him
and he's a male and in biological terms
which is sort of what what Giuliani
wasn't mentioning that we just put less
value on males and so he laughed about
it but he was making a true statement
that everybody agrees with which is if
you did a popularity contest between
Ivanka and Jared Ivanka would win by a
lot that was the only point all right
the disposable comment really got to the
fact that it wouldn't make a difference
in the outcome you know he didn't mean
that Jared was disposable he had just
said that Hugh jared was a great guy
literally the moment before that he said
that but then how was his innocent
joking comment take it did you hear that
he said Jared was disposable it's
disposable what are you thinking that
and scene
so this is yet another example where all
of the critics agree with the person
that criticizing there's nobody who
disagrees with the simple point that
Giuliani made this is the only point the
public will care more about Ivanka then
Jared who disagrees with that all right
yeah bro bring on the lawrence O'Donnell
entire panel
let me ask that question hey panel how
many of you disagree with his point none
it doesn't matter if you disagree to the
point he fed this bubble just both of
all he sent a man a man was disposable
all right
[Music]
the Chinese prom just story yeah you
know the the Chinese prom dress story I
don't even want to give it any oxygen
because really the entire story was one
idiot online complained about something
that was it Boy Scouts so the Boy Scouts
are changing the name or no that's not
changing the name of the organization
maybe that was just too hard to change
but they're changing the name of the
participants the members to scouts so
that girls can join twos now now girls
can be Girl Scouts and they can just be
Scouts meaning they're part of their
with the boys but when do the boys get
to also be Girl Scouts is that next you
know here's here's my thing on that I
don't think I know I I don't think I
know what's better you know every time
you've got one of these situations where
you know there was a segregation by a
gender and then you put them together
the the first reaction of most people
well not most people the first reaction
of the vocal people is my god this will
ruin things for boys and that might
actually be true I mean I I don't know
how the science works when you put boys
and girls together in some contexts is
probably better but depending on the
task
there probably are times when it's just
not optimal because there's it's sort of
an oil and water and you know there are
all kinds of reasons why it might cause
a little extra diversion I don't know
the answer to that and I'm not sure
anybody else does either because every
situation is different scouting is not
sitting in a class in school sitting in
a class in school there's some I believe
there's some research showing that
separating the genders is actually good
sometimes you know for learning but
scouting isn't really sitting in a class
so much
it's doing things I don't know if it
makes any difference at all
it might I don't disagree with the
critics I just don't know but I'm
generally not opposed to change so given
the choice between taking a little risk
or staying segregated I'm usually in
favor of you know let's let's move
history in the direction the history
wants to move and if it doesn't work it
would be hard to back it out wouldn't it
be really you can't really fire the
girls who joined the scouts if it
doesn't work out it might destroy the
scouts up but I hope it works out let's
hope for the best
are you not opposed to forced to change
the sort of a meaningless question you
know where all the subjective forced
change if you have a boss you know if
you have a government forced to change
is is our normal situation the direction
history wants to move what what does
that even mean I'm saying that history
seems to have moved toward gender
opportunity equality for however many
decades and that probably that's not
going to change so there's probably
nothing that can stop the scouts from
being integrated
you know male-female integration yeah
the the Scout thing just doesn't
interest me so I'm not going to talk
about that anymore
Scot is cooking to these social
engineers now I'm I'm being an engineer
and I'm saying that if you don't try it
you're not going to know if it works and
history suggests it's the sort of thing
worth trying but if it doesn't work you
know you can pivot all right I was
watching a somebody a comment just
reminded me something random I was
watching a military recruiting
commercial and they've been doing this
for years but the commercial was
designed to make it really cool to be in
a shooting war because it showed the
valiant looking Marines I think yeah it
was Marines who were in battle they're
actually firing their weapons and you
know taking over something and they made
the commercial look a lot like a video
game like as in this fund we're gonna go
in there and shoot the enemy and none of
us are going to get wounded and I there
was a little bit my brain was exploding
because the people who are being
influenced by this sort of commercial
are you know young males and you know
where is that line between brainwashing
and marketing you know it's I don't know
how to draw the line there because the
the quality of the persuasion was very
strong and really was portraying be in
the Army has a lot of fun you know and
but now while while you could make a
case that being in the military is a
good experience the the thing that
they're actually showing on screen was a
shooting war where that the soldiers
were actually firing their weapons and
being fired at
killing and being killed and to portray
that as a bunch of fun I know it's that
too far we need a military you can't not
have a military and expect to survive
and the military does need to market
because it's a you know it's it's a
voluntary military so you have to
persuade but can you go too far and in
this context I'm just gonna leave that
as an open question because you know
it's one of those situations where you
don't really treat the military like you
treat anything else the military is the
one place where discrimination is
aggressively allowed alright let me say
that again the military is the one place
we not only allow discrimination it's
encouraged and what I mean by that is
let's say if you're blind you don't get
to be in the military you know serving
in combat right but if it's corporate
America we're gonna we're gonna change
things within reason so that you can
have a job despite being blind so the
military is where discrimination is
built into the process because the only
thing we care about is surviving you
know you want to win the war you know in
the in the private sector you've got
lots of objectives it's like you want to
be good to people you want to you want
to be good stewards of the country even
citizens and you know also make profits
so it's a different set of requirements
the military just needs to win and so
that's where it gets tough with the you
know LGBTQ situation I don't think
there's any evidence that there's a
difference in their fighting
effectiveness but there is some evidence
that they cost more or they might lose
you statistically they lose more time
apparently in medical situations I don't
know if that's confirmed but I've heard
that so there is clearly a push to
discriminate against that class of
people but keep in mind that the
military is designed to discriminate
discriminates against people who are too
short you know too large too if you have
any kind of physical disability if you
have a mental issue so the military does
nothing but discriminate in some cases
it goes too far so when it discriminated
against race clearly that was too far
when it discriminated it against gender
the evidence suggests that thad going
too far to because women are serving
contributing everything's great that
part is working perfectly so far I mean
as far as we know I don't hear any
problems but if you were to extend that
to people with disabilities it becomes
really expensive and then there may be
you know a little less effectiveness
there girona wars are not discriminatory
yeah you know it seems to me that
letting people who are physically have a
physical disability into the military
that might become more of a thing if
they become drone operators because you
could be in a wheelchair and be a drone
operator and it might even be a perfect
job so we might see some change there
all right
Trump tweeted this morning let's see
what he tweeted this morning bear with
me got to find out what trouble the
president has caused with his darn
tweeting this morning all right let's
see all right the president tweets he's
talking about Cohen and stormy yeah
that's that's not interesting
oh he says stay tuned about the the
hostages yeah all right so not nothing
interesting for the president this
morning yeah he said Cohen was paid but
here's the thing who cares you know I do
care if there's some legal technicality
that takes the president of man of
action but I don't understand the law
enough to know how much risk there
really is there always seems to be one
more play have you ever noticed that
when you're dealing at this level and
with this level of complexity and it
always looks like this the legal the
legal trap is is closing on this person
then this person there's no way there's
no way they could ever get out of this
legal trap and then you know some
Dershowitz kind of person comes along
and says well you forgotten that there's
a this or that and all this and
constitutional this and then suddenly
the trap goes these things are really
hard to handicap for those of us who are
not operating at the top level of you
know legal knowledge it seems to me
there probably is some way the
president's gonna gonna you know make
this go away let me put this to you can
you imagine what would happen to that
can you imagine what would happen to the
country if this president was as
successful as he is now let's say he
took care of you know North Korea the
economy immigration is less look let's
just say things are going the way
they're going now and he actually got
impeached and removed from office or
removed from office for some technical
legal reason about stormy what would
happen to the country
I mean seriously what would happen to
the country I I can't imagine that the
legal system would allow that risk to
happen
keep in mind you know I'm like the the
last person in the world who defended Co
me about anything and I'm not going to
defend Co me for the you know the full
full level of things he did but there is
one thing I think he did right which I
will say to my death which is when he
told us about Hillary Clinton's you know
legal situation I thought that was the
right thing to do because the voters
needed to make this choice not the FBI
and when Comey decided to not prosecute
Clinton I might be the only person in
the world who agreed with that because
you don't want the incoming president to
throw the candidate who ran against that
candidate in prison it's a bad look it's
just terrible for the country now do I
think that you know justice should be
applied equally and everything in
general yes but when there's such a
glaring exception where it's bad for the
country to to treat an individual
differently well I think the country has
to come first
we make laws for the benefit of the
country and every once awhile there's
going to be an exception where where a
jury you know just knows that somebody's
guilty and they still find them innocent
it happens there are times when the
judge will say okay technically this
person is guilty forget it
I'm just going to give them no penalty
or I'm going to toss it out or say
they're legal there are plenty of
examples where the legal system makes an
exception for a good reason it's just
better for the world and I think that
the standard I applied to Hillary which
is yeah she's probably guilty not
probably she's guilty of something but
probably the world is better if we let
it go so forget about her think about
the country
same situation with Trump if if Trump
got brought into a legal problem because
of Russia collusion of some kind then
I'd say well that's pretty valid all
right if it's a real real thing that has
something to do with his work in office
you know the security of the country any
of those things I'd say that's valid you
know you have to interrupt business to
take care of that but if it's about
stormy Cohen payment BS it is not better
for the country to treat everybody the
same under the law in this specific
situation as it was similar to Clinton
situation there's some people under some
minor situations where it's just better
to let the country run and and let it
slide yeah I realize this will be my
least popular opinion with this audience
George Takei yeah so George Takei as you
know a famous and very clever opponent
and critic of the president so let me
say the good parts first the good part
of George Takei is that he is really
funny you know I follow him and even
though he often says things that are you
know anti Trump that I think are unfair
he's really funny
so I give him a little bit more of a
past and I would give to other other
people but he he tweeted the news
yesterday I think it was about North
Korea going in the right direction and
he just said one I think one sentence
that you know we're in the upside-down
world now so the world is upside down
because Trump is winning potentially a
Nobel Prize and I tweeted that's an odd
way to say you were wrong about
everything
because that's sort of what it was all
right I think everybody understands that
if President Trump only solved North
Korea
and everything else just sort of went
okay you know nothing else broke that
was big it'd be one of the greatest
presidents of all time it's hard to
change that you know it's just hard to
change that and so what will people like
George Takei do as it gets into second
third year and the winds are just just
piling up I mean how how will you like
square that in your head you know hat
how can you say to yourself good lord I
was so wrong I was wrong then anybody
has ever been wrong that was the wrong
this person it's hard for a human to do
that almost nobody you know brains
aren't even designed to do that we're
designed to think we were well we were
mostly riot I only got a few things
wrong but mostly right yeah
Kathy Griffin took back her apology
apology when did she ever apologize I
didn't know that was the thing the
upside down is a place so is that a
movie or a book reference it looked like
it might be but I didn't know
all right so the three detainees have
not been released but it looks like
that's going to happen soon we'll
trumpet be interrogated by a Muller I
don't know if he can avoid it so here's
here's where it's hard for us to predict
legal stuff because even the lawyers are
disagreeing on TV so I don't know how
we'd non-lawyers would ever have a
chance of predicting how the legal stuff
is going to go but from what we hear you
know if I base it just on what talking
heads on television say which is really
not the standard for predicting stuff
people are leaning toward the fact that
he'll try to narrow down the questions
as much as possible and then do it let
me tell you what I would do let me give
you some some legal advice of my own I
would take those many questions I would
provide written answers you know work
with my lawyer to make sure I I'm not
violating any you know not lie work with
my lawyer provide written responses that
they did not ask for all right but make
sure you're working with your lawyer so
that you're not so it's not a perjury
trap it's well thought out it's a
written response now they're not asking
for a written response and they're not
suggesting that that would be adequate
but it could be a good first step in
other words you want to take the 50
questions 49 I guess and you want to
give written responses to narrow that
down to you know maybe 10 that is still
matter or maybe they give you some
follow-up questions to the written ones
and then you can decide which ones are
written and which ones are verbal but I
think I think the White House can sort
of carve down the number of questions
until there are so few that you could
avoid the perjury trap a little more
easily because you could prepare for
them thoroughly that sort of thing
so that's what I would do I would give
them a written response that they did
not ask for if only under the condition
I thought there was no way I could avoid
the whole thing
right if I can't avoid the whole
conversation then I would start with
writing even though they didn't ask for
it and the reason is that the questions
normally would not be presented in
advance so clearly Muller is making me
an accommodation for the president and
would not want to be seen as simply and
trapping him so if the president
provides a written response that goes to
the same philosophy which is yeah a
written response is inappropriate in
almost any normal situation but so is
providing the questions in advance in
both cases you're taking and you're
making an accommodation for the fact
that you're talking about the the leader
of the country who's got more work to do
them that's alright so I I would like to
hear a a lawyer perhaps argue whether
this was a good or bad idea
and I would take their advice by the way
if a lawyer heard this and said god no
you never want to write down your
answers then I'll just change my opinion
so I'm giving you may the non legal
subject to reversal opinion and by the
way an acceptable answer to questions if
some of the questions are what were you
thinking
I always think an acceptable answer
would be that's not an appropriate
question for the president because I was
operating within the scope of my job
that's an answer and it also broadcasts
that if you wouldn't in person you'd be
saying the same thing over and over so
there's no point in asking again let's
see if we can get there switch on the
periscope and see well I'm sure alan
dershowitz seems to be the the busiest
man in america right now he's on all the
the big networks and deserves to be you
know nobody does a better job in terms
of appearing
TV and talking about the legal the legal
implications and stuff I mean there's
nobody even close he he just rule said
space you should host a weekly TV talk
radio show yeah let's talk about that so
a lot of people will say to me hey do
you should take this periscoping thing
and turned it into like our regular
podcast TV show with a regular time and
you know it could be a hit and stuff and
I hear that and I think that's true I
could probably make a lot of money and
turn it into a professional product and
stuff well I don't think it would be as
good because I'll tell you the only time
I ever do this is what I really want to
and have something to say alright now as
it turns out I almost always have
something to say in the morning and
sometimes in the afternoon etc but the
fact that I'm literally in my pajamas
right now like you know under the hood
here I'm in my pajamas I haven't shaved
I haven't even brushed my teeth you know
I just like got up and got some coffee
and now I'm talking to you because I
read something headlines and that is
apparently what people enjoy about this
the casual nature of it the fact that I
can blow my nose on you know on air so I
and the other thing I have going for me
is that because this is not scheduled
I can I can react to the news in real
time so in many cases people are hearing
the news from me you know if you just
woke up and you haven't checked the news
sites yet a lot of people are hearing
the news from me and I get to I get to
shape how people think of the news
because if you get there early you get
to put a little meat on the news and
other people end up saying well that's
what people are talking about so that's
that will frame it as well so whoever
frames first has a big advantage in
and this this field I guess alright I
hope that you all like the casualness of
this because to me that's what makes it
attractive I wouldn't be interested in
doing this in a slick
you know production filled way I looked
at it I tried it I even built out a
studio in my house I put a lot of money
and time into building something more
professional for that very reason to try
to take the professionalism up and now I
kind of realized that would be the wrong
thing to do so it will stay with us for
now I have my patreon account for those
of you who are kind enough to donate a
dollar a month to incent me to keep
doing this and to make the podcast which
I'm a little behind on and we'll talk to
you tomorrow
maybe today