Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Bobo's hey
everybody happy Good Friday
it's sort of an extra-good Friday it was
good already but then it's also good
Friday sort of a double Good Friday
situation do you know what makes you a
good Friday a great Friday I think you
do I think you do it's called the
simultaneous if and it's about to happen
now and if you have your cup your your
tankard your chalice maybe your mug your
thermos or your Stein possibly a flask
it is the weekend it's time to join me
now for the simultaneous simple I like
coffee well I hope you were enjoying as
much as I am watching the critics of the
president try to spin incredibly bad
news for them into incredibly good news
my favorite so far is James clapper the
least credible person on the planet
earth who also happened to have been in
charge of you know intelligence services
I can't think of anybody less credible
than James clapper except for yeah well
actually a lot of lot of non credible
people in the world lately but clapper
says that the I want to do a an
impression of James clapper it starts
with the mouth has to be and then you
got a twitch a lot when you say things
that you know are not true well I think
it's pretty clear to me that the that
the mullah report is a roadmap for
impeachment
so but he's not the only one who's 20
you have to you have to spend at least a
minute watching the video I just tweeted
around where Anderson Cooper is talking
to I can't remember his name the one of
the White House guy works for who's the
guy who works for Sarah Sanders the
other spokesperson big league lead iggly
know you know yes anyway you have to
watch me understand Cooper's I know just
his his twitchiness and discomfort about
the entire situation now to be fair the
things that the that Anderson Cooper was
calling out as being factually you know
problems I think he was probably mostly
accurate about that but to watch his
mannerism and his lack of confidence
were seemingly you know I can't read his
mind but just the way it's projected is
pretty funny it is as funny as Chris
Cuomo with his laundry list of why it
really really was not a witch-hunt
so here's my favorite part and I had to
had to take a picture of it so if he
doesn't see it so this is Chris Cuomo
standing in front of his screen with all
of the reasons that it wasn't a
witch-hunt
now bear with me the reason that Chris
Cuomo says it wasn't a witch hunt is not
because the result you know we know the
result was no no more indictments but it
was a wit it was not a witch hunt he
Gidley
yes thank you Hogan Gidley is the person
I couldn't think of he has our name to
remember
Hogan and Kidd Lee that's a tough one
all right
but Crisco was talking about all the
reasons it wasn't a witch-hunt
and so his argument is that it's not a
witch-hunt if you have all this evidence
for investigating so in other words even
though the result was the happy result
that our president is not colluding with
Russia yay it still was not a witch-hunt
says Chris Cuomo because there were lots
of good reasons to investigate now I
want to ask you this what does
witch-hunt mean except to mean you see
you think you have lots of reasons but
there's nothing there that's the very
definition of a witch hunt a witch hunt
is when you have lots of stuff there
might be a coincidence or you might be
misinterpreting it or it might not be
meaningful but there's a lot of it and
then when you look into it you find out
you dig to the bottom there's nothing at
the bottom that's right do you know who
else had reasons witch hunters actual
people who are hunting for actual what
they believed were witches you know
let's take the Salem example they had
reasons it just turns out that those
reasons weren't good ones it's exactly
it's exactly like this it was people who
believed they had reasons because for
example yeah they'd be talking to a
neighbor and the neighbor would say yes
I came down sick as soon as I talked to
the other person you're accusing as a
witch I don't know how that could have
happened by coincidence the whole point
of a witch hunt is that you're putting
these coincidences together and making
something out of them that there isn't
then Chris Cuomo shows us a whole list
of coincidences and unimportant things
while arguing that it's not a witch hunt
no this is what a witch hunt is it's
exactly this it's used to having in
front of a board full of bad reasons
that's a
exactly which ones well well let me get
into some of the reasons because they're
hilarious
what other input some context on this
first so all of the alleged reasons for
thinking there might have been some
collusion if you look at any one of them
it just dissolves into nothingness so
their argument is well it's not about
one reason it's about so many of them
how could be so many people having a
conversation with Russia or how could
there be these tweets or how could so
many people have said this or did this
but here's what's not said nobody makes
the point that none of them are
connected it's just a bunch of people
doing a bunch of different things for
different reasons that's it people doing
different things for different reasons
that's all there ever was now let me ask
you this a lot of it had to do with a
Russia connection one way or another if
someone else had won the presidency
doesn't matter if it was Hillary Clinton
or anyone else if someone else had won
this election would they have lots of
Russian connections if you looked at
their extended you know adding anybody
who was involved directly or
tangentially with the campaign of this
other hypothetical president wouldn't
they have a lot of Russian connections I
can't imagine how they would not so
having a lot of Russian connections a
lot of Russian conversations mostly
tells you that Russia wants to make
contact with anybody they think can be
helpful anybody they can influence so
you can't really compare the Trump
experience in isolation you'd have to
say what would it look like if had been
someone else and my assumption is since
Russia is Russia they would have as many
contacts as they could possibly make so
here's some of the things on Chris gore
was last Trump asked advisors to find
Clinton's email well how the hell were
they going to find him I don't know you
know basically he was just saying
some version of I'd sure like to see
them if you can figure out how to get
him see if he can do it is that
colluding with Russia wanting to see the
missing emails because I wanted to see
the missing emails and I wasn't
colluding with Russia so that's sort of
the big nothing the Trump Tower meeting
that's the second thing on the list let
me ask you this when Don jr. and and
Jared and Manafort when they heard that
there was someone who had some
information about Hillary Clinton what
did they assume about the meaning did
they assume that they were talking to a
Russian operative no there's no evidence
that anybody involved thought that the
the lawyer who is going to be there
who was Russian I don't think anybody
thought to themselves well we're gonna
go talk to a Putin you know Putin asset
I don't think that ever came up if
somebody just happens to be Russian and
they have some information are you not
allowed to listen to it let me ask you
this who is asked the question besides
me when is it illegal to listen to
information from someone who is from
another country do you know who else
listened to information from somebody
from another country who ever listened
to the steel the steel dossier the steel
dossier was put together by a Brit if
you could listen to Christopher steel
talk about the steel dossier if you're
allowed to listen to information why is
it different if it's a Russian lawyer or
it's a British X by and of course
there's no such thing as an ex-spy how
the hell are those any different if you
are telling me that it is illegal to let
let me put it in a different way you put
you put flatter me Rudin himself
personally in that office
and you tell me it's illegal for me to
go talk to him and hear what he has to
say oh it's totally illegal to collude
like if we make a plan to do something I
can see how that would certainly be
illegal but listening to somebody talk
you're telling me that's illegal somehow
in what world am I going to jail for
listening to somebody talk no world no
world you know if somebody can produce a
law that says that's illegal I think
that ends up in the Supreme Court and
the Supreme Court laughs it out right
because how in the world could it be
illegal to listen to somebody I just I
just can't conceive of that but in any
event oh let's look at the let me ask
you this hypothetically let's say there
was a elbonian elbonia is my magical
country that doesn't exist that I use
for examples suppose there was an elbow
elbow knee and citizen who found out
some information from China and then the
elbonian took it to you an American and
told you the information
are you colluding with the elbonian
where are you colluding with China who
you've never met but they were the
source of the information well I think
you'd say you're only colluding with the
elbonian because you haven't even met
the the Chinese person
the Chinese person in this made-up
example is just the source of the
information they talked to an elbonian
and then the elbonian talked to you have
you colluded with China if you simply
hear the information from the elbonian
answer now now let's change this a
little bit let's say that the elbonian
calls you and says Hank I want to give
you some information can you meet me you
say sure so you meet and you show up
with the elbonian and the elbonian has
with them the Chinese citizen and the Oh
Bonilla says I I don't want to get the
story wrong so just listen to what what
my friend says under that situation did
you get the information
from the elbonian or did you get it from
the Chinese citizen well it gets a
little bit of gray here doesn't it my
point is that when Don jr. went to that
meeting he was invited by a Brit who he
knew personally now if you go to a
meeting with somebody who's you know
personally and they say we got some
information I'm bringing somebody with
me would you would the way you process
it be I'm getting some information from
the person he brings with me or I'm
getting information from my friend the
guy know ya the PR guy Goldstone I can't
imagine any world in which any of this
could possibly be criminalized so the
this is their that was their second
thing in the list and then the other
thing in list is that Trump jr. told
others that he might talk to somebody
who had some good stuff on Hillary
Clinton do you know what that's called a
status meeting that's all that is hey
what do you got going on well I got this
thing going on I'm working on this about
you what are you working on well I think
I might have some information on Hillary
but if that works out I'll let you know
that's just talking next Jared Kushner
had contact with I guess some Russian
again not illegal totally normal
how about Erik Prince financing search
for emails was that illegal I don't
believe it is Erik Prince is his own
person there's no evidence that somebody
ordered Erik Prince to do something Erik
Prince thought wouldn't it be good to
have this information for whatever
reason he wanted it was it presumably to
help the president but Erik Prince can
do that there's nothing stopping him
from paying somebody to search for some
information
sessions met with gisli act again if
this were some other president who had
been elected how many contacts would
there with there a universe of people
associated with the administration or
the campaign how many of them would have
at least a small conversation with the
Russian a lot of them means is nothing
Papadopoulos met with a Russian probably
is set up and if it wasn't the set up
it's sort of unimportant so he's got a
list of unimportant things there are so
similar in at least didn't feel to a
witch-hunt that at the same time he's
using it to defend why it's not a which
up well it's just funny so one of the
most amusing days ever now the argument
for for the second part of this this is
the collusion part so the collusion part
if you add all the evidence together it
looks like some combination of horoscope
you know phrenology you know reading
scat maybe a little function way throw
them in there but there's literally
nothing it's just it's just pure
vaporware but they're saying because
there's a lot of it well it's a good
thing you looked into it anyway then the
second part is the the obstruction of
justice and if you haven't seen bill
bars memo that he wrote back in June
before he was hired as AG when he was
just talking about how obstruction of
justice probably could not be could not
be legally let's say enforced against
the president in this situation you have
to read it because first of all he's it
really he's really clear thinker so his
writing was very accessible even though
it's a legal context it's really easy to
read so you can see how smart he is just
by the way he puts his sentences
together it's pretty impressive actually
just as a thinker is pretty impressive
but the the basic theory and I probably
am NOT going to do the best job of
explaining it so just assume that this
is the oversimplified version and that
you really want to be the real one but
the idea is in alan dershowitz senate
version of this that you you don't want
to criminalize the normal behavior of
the president so if the president is
just doing things presidents do doing
his job communicating you know hiring
and firing it's it's problematic to make
that illegal because that would set a
precedent now the precedent part is
interesting
Dilbert was mentioned as a Russian bot
in the Moller report no I don't that's
true I just lost my train of thought
when somebody sends some fake news
across the like the comments here so the
the the bar argument about obstruction
is that if you start criminalizing the
president doing his normal business
stuff it would be too easy for that to
expand by precedent so for example let's
say the President had a you know some
kind of legal thing going on there was
it was bad for him or her and let's say
the president made a budget change or
called a meeting that would make a
witness less available in the right
schedule you could imagine all kinds of
normal things the president would do
they would have a direct or indirect
impact on whoever's whoever's looking
into stuff but it would criminalize a
whole list of behaviors that would
otherwise just be normal
president doing their job and you would
never know well did the president you
know hire this person to make them a
little bit giving another example let's
say there's somebody on the witness list
and and they're not hired by the
administration and then the
administration is looking for a
candidate and it's a small universe who
wish to work for the Trump
administration unfortunately so they say
how about how about Bob you know
Bob could they hire Bob if Bob
potentially could be a witness for the
case the answer is I think no because it
would look like obstructing justice hey
you're trying to influence Bob by giving
him a job just when he might be part of
the people who get interviewed for this
legal case isn't that obstructing
justice
and the answer is you could you could
feel that it's true but if you made that
sort of thing illegal too many things
would be illegal and then the president
just couldn't do the job of a president
couldn't couldn't say things couldn't do
things couldn't couldn't operate in the
normal way it's a pretty good argument
but more to the point
there's no universe in which a sitting
president is going to go to jail for for
attempting to shut down something that
that president sincerely believes is
completely ridiculous and even even
Muller came to the conclusion that Trump
was sincerely believed that this was a
witch-hunt
not Moeller's words but you get the idea
so so you notice that the the anti-trump
errs have resorted to lawyering their
way out of the embarrassment and what I
mean by that is everything you see on
CNN is some version of Bill Clinton
saying well it depends what the
definition of is is right so for example
Cuomo is arguing as I just said about
the definition of a witch-hunt does that
change anything if we can agree or
disagree that everything we've observed
either does or does not fit under the
label witch-hunt would that change
anything
I don't think it would change anything
what it because we're looking at all the
base information we're looking at the
facts
well look at who did what does it matter
what word you put on it if you're
arguing about whether the word fits
you're really arguing about the
definition of is you're not really
arguing substance so likewise you see
them arguing you know the definition of
collusion and conspiracy the definition
of obstruction
yeah the definition does the difference
between spying and surveillance does
that matter does anybody think that you
which word you apply to it in any way
changes the underlying facts which we're
all at least a little bit aware of my
cat is visiting me here I know you like
to take a look so yours boo say hi boo
all right then
and here's my favorite one so this is
this is another Chris poem so Chris
Cuomo is trying to create a new category
of badness you could argue it's an
existing category and the the category
is things which are not illegal all
right this is Chris Cuomo last night
things which are not illegal but that
you shouldn't do it's not illegal but
you shouldn't do it now is that a
standard that anybody should be held to
I've said this before but when you hear
the word should in an argument it means
that they don't have reasons when people
have reasons they say no if you do that
somebody might die if you do that it
might run up the deficit if you do that
it might be too complicated those are
reasons if you do that someone might go
to jail if you do that Russia might
influence our elections if you do that
you might get fired
that's what reasons
like here's what isn't a reason well it
wasn't illegal but you shouldn't do it
it's a whole bunch of things you
shouldn't do you should not do those
things where's the reason where is the
reason give me a reason Chris just give
me a reason now the implication of the
word shouldn't is that there's something
unethical or weaselly or could have some
sort of indirect bad effect what would
that be
let's look at his list which are the
things one shouldn't do should trump not
have asked his advisers to find the
emails remember he didn't ask his
advisers to break any laws he did not
ask his advisers to do anything
unethical he just wanted to see if if
they had sources maybe somebody could
find those emails do you know who else
does that the press that's what the
press does so Trump asked his staff to
do the same thing that The Washington
Post and The New York Times would do if
they could do it find your source is
that something he shouldn't have done
how about the Don jr. meeting with the
with the lawyer is that something he
shouldn't have done well I've said it a
number of times I would have taken that
meeting anybody who doesn't take that
meeting when you literally just have to
walk downstairs it's not even you don't
even have to travel it was actually in
his own building you walk downstairs you
sit in a room and somebody is somebody
that you know the the publicist is the
one who set up the meeting somebody that
you know alleged to give you something
valuable which is totally legal right
now if he had received something of
value from a Russian national you could
argue that if it had been a value he
would have had to report it and you know
maybe take into account that it had some
kind of some kind of
monetary value you could argue that what
it never got to the point where anybody
had to make that decision because they
didn't have any information so is that
something you shouldn't have done I
would say the opposite you absolutely
have a good reason with a risk reward
that makes complete sense that maybe
there's some good information and all
you have to do is walk down stairs and
maybe you could get it and if something
comes out of that that maybe is a state
secret or the FBI needs to be involved
well then maybe you let them know why
say adoptions yes so there's a lot of a
lot being made of the fact that a number
of people had a story that did not match
the original story in my guess and I
don't know and I don't need to know and
it doesn't matter to anything important
I don't know why so many people told a
different story from what happened
because you have to think that in almost
all of these cases the real story was
easily discoverable and they must have
all known that so I could throw out with
some speculation the first thing I would
say is that it's all different reasons
probably none of the people who said
something that turned out not to match
the facts probably none of them had the
same reason some of them just didn't
remember maybe some of them thought it
was so trivial it wasn't worth
mentioning maybe some of them thought
wow I just don't want to have to deal
with this it was so minor I'll just I'll
just act like I forgot it because
nothing good could come from bringing it
up I don't want to spend a lot of time
explaining why I had a two minute
conversation with a Russian about
nothing it's trivial I'll just not write
this one down and if it comes up and
then I'll deal with it then so it's
probably a combination of a bunch of
different reasons everybody having their
own reason you don't need to know why
anybody did it it doesn't matter it's
not it's not
relevant to the the main charges all
right one of the things that CNN is
trying to push is that the and their
pundits up let's say is complaining that
the way bar communicated demonstrates
his bias so they're saying that the way
the way bar framed the Muller report
before anybody saw the details is
evidence of his bias at the same time
Anderson Cooper was defending CNN's
on-air talent including himself by
saying that they had never made any
claims that the president was guilty of
any collusion and that they had never
made any claims that he was guilty of
anything they had simply brought on lots
of pundits who made various claims
including those so he was saying well we
as the you know professional staff
members of CNN had never made a claim
that the Muller report debunks because
we simply never made those claims now
can you say that bringing on an army of
pundits who have the same opinion and
are blaming the president of being a
Russian agent is not is not an
intentional bias because communication
is not just what you say it's how often
you say it and how many people are
saying that and versus how many people
are saying the other volume matters if
you have a hundred people saying he's a
Russian agent and you bring on one
person who says well I don't think so
you can't really say but I the host who
invited a hundred people on to say the
same thing well I never said that
that's not my opinion it's only the
opinion of the hundred people I chose to
have as my guess I can see there's a
difference
I recognize that difference but in terms
of communicating they have to recognize
they're sending people
many people with the same or similar
opinions is really biasing the
communication exactly like bill
bargained so I'm not going to make the
claim that CNN was biased and Bill
borrow was not because they're doing the
same thing they're both framing the
story in the way that is good for them
as they see it for whatever reasons they
have now if you're the Attorney General
of the United States and a United States
citizen even if it's not the president
the United States citizen is
investigated to this degree and you
can't find anything that yes a crime or
even really close let's be honest there
was nothing in the bar report that was
close to being a crime the CNN's
reporting that it was because you had
all these instances but the instances
were not evidence of crimes there were
simply things that were worth looking
into having ten things that are worth
looking into is zero evidence because
any one of them if they had been shown
to be meaningful would have been proof
of a crime any one of them none of them
were they were simply things they looked
into so under those situations if the
Attorney General does not say something
very much like bill Barr said I would
say he's not doing his job because if
somebody has not been found guilty after
that much looking you should go in front
of the world and say you know no
evidence of anything bad has been found
I mean you should frame it exactly the
way Bill Barr did because that is the
presumption of innocence it's one of the
most basic elements of our civilzation
presumption of innocence so of course
Barcia let me put it this way
of course bar should have been showing
bias
he should have music word should it's
better that Bob that the bill Barr
showed a bias toward the person who was
not been found guilty no matter whether
it was the president or anybody else
wouldn't matter who it was that that is
the bias you would want from your
attorney general because that's the bias
that we prefer as a civilization all
right so what's interesting about the
NOLA report well a lot of things but the
way people process information is that
the public will remember something like
ten percent of this whole situation so
those of us who are following things
closely may remember a lot more but the
public the ones we're going to vote they
might remember about ten percent one of
the things they're going to remember is
very misleading one of the things that
we remember is that Muller could not
reach a decision on obstruction of
justice the way the public will process
that because remember they're not going
to remember all the details they're just
going to pick out you know ten percent
this stood out to them they will
remember that Muller couldn't decide and
do you know how they will the way that
they will process that is that there was
plenty of evidence that didn't happen
there were plenty of situations and and
there were lots of complicated legal
things to be decided but the reason that
the molar left it to Barr probably had
to do more with you know the bigger
picture issues and precedent and you
know the you know the sort of the the
big picture Supreme Court kinds of stuff
you guys make up so much it's
infuriating I'm not sure which is you
guys but I think you can see that both
both sides are pretty sure that the
other is hallucinating which is
interesting I think that's most of what
I want to talk about Oh
[Music]
the other funny thing is that pro-trump
people who were going on TV are saying
that the president has been totally
vindicated and found innocent and the
anti-trump errs are trying to trying to
say no no no mauler did not say he is
innocent he simply said we investigated
him down to the molecular level I could
not find anything that looks like a
crime I won't say looks like
couldn't find any crime now that that
they were willing to commit to being a
crime now is there a difference between
investigating somebody down to the
molecular level and finding no crime and
declaring their innocence well yes yes
there's a difference I'll give you that
I acknowledge those are not exactly the
same but aren't they aren't they because
you know who else has not been cleared
of colluding with Russia me nobody
cleared me of colluding with Russia I
have not been cleared of that crime
therefore technically I'm not really
innocent am i I'm simply a person who
has not been investigated how about an
Anderson Cooper is Anderson Cooper found
innocent of colluding with Russia
because we've all watched him collude
with Russia for two and a half years
you've watched with your own eyes look
there's Anderson Cooper trying to take
down the President of the United States
who wants to do that Rasha Rasha would
like to do that now as Anderson Cooper
been cleared of his obvious colluding
with Russia in public for two and a half
years he has not been cleared
now does that make him innocent not
exactly not exactly innocent are you
because simply not investigating you and
not concluding that you're guilty well
that's not exactly the same as saying
you're innocent innocent Cooper's so you
got a lot of explaining to do anyway the
point is that the he anti-trump errs
have been reduced to word thinking
trying to make arguments by insisting
that their definitions of words should
change the way you think about it
unfortunately their definition of words
do not change how we think about it if
you forced me to say the word
surveillance instead of spying will I
think any differently about it not
really if you forced me to say that the
president has not been proven innocent
but rather he's been investigated down
to the to the molecular level and no
crime is indicated I'll say all right if
you want me to use those words I'm okay
with that
does it change in any way what I think
happened no so it's just words where
it's worse though all right I got lots
of things to do today I would like to
tell you that it's a good day and the
life of me well it's uh it's a good
Friday bordering on a great Friday I
think I'm finished with my full draft of
my upcoming book loser think which as
you might imagine will deal with every
bad way of thinking that I've talked
about I'll have them in a handy book
that you can say you can remind yourself
of the things you should and should not
do and you're using the word should but
you know what it means in this context
and things which are effective ways of
thinking and arguing versus the ways
that are ineffective let's put it that
way you won't see this book until
October late October maybe the first
week of November
sure yet but I gotta tell you it's a
good one you're gonna like it so I hope
you do anyway let me tell you one other
thing
I used the my company's app the
interface by wind hub app I called for
people who could tell me how to solve a
particular home-improvement problem
details no matter and I ended up getting
a lot of good suggestions just from the
tweet I sent a man but it was a perfect
example of wanting to get somebody on a
video call interface by wound up is the
name of the the app where an expert
could actually look at what I'm working
on in this case it was a light fixture
and could tell me what to do with it it
would have been the perfect example but
I think I got most of the answers in the
comments all right
and you should know that the the when
token is still picking up new exchanges
and picking up volume and it's not an
investment but if the startup does well
the coins will certainly do well all
right I will I think we've got enough
today and I will go talk to you later