[Music]
hey Joe hey everybody come on in here I
am using a different device to broadcast
let's see if we can fix that problem of
the orientation and I also won't turn my
camera around and have you look out the
window looks the same as last time hey
Eric
hey Sheldon hey Richard and Yvonne come
on in here
you know what time it is yes you do it's
time for the simultaneous tip and if
you've got a mug a cup of glass of
vessel a Stein a container of any kind
shall we call it a chalice raise your
container filled with your favorite
liquids I like coffee and join me for
the simultaneous hip yes so we got I
changed devices I'm using a different
iPad we'll see if that makes a
difference on the orientation problem
now where to start somebody yesterday
was pointing out that health care costs
are skewed toward the end of life so you
end up spending most of your healthcare
money in your final year or two of life
because that's when all the expensive
stuff happens when they're keeping you
alive and somebody said well you know
what if there was some kind of some kind
of legal doctor assisted suicide and
then people could leave if they wanted
to leave earlier now of course that's a
problem because you can't have people
just dying because they want to because
you'd get abuses and stuff but it made
me realize that in this country we
already have completely legal
end-of-life suicide did you know that
did you know that it is completely legal
to take your own life at the end of at
the end of your life if you've got you
know not much time left
we just don't call it suicide we call it
hospice care or palliative care so if
somebody is only got let's say a week
left a couple weeks left and there's
just nothing you can do you have the
option of drugging them until they're
not conscious and not feeding them
anymore so if you make somebody not
conscious because they're drugged up and
you don't feed them that's suicide
because the person has agreed agreed to
this so I think we should get out of the
head set of saying you know we're not
going to allow suicide at the end of
life you know unless they're in super
pain we're already way past there it is
already universally legal and accepted
that we can kill people at the end of
their life with their with their
agreement they have to agree to it it's
just we just call it a different name
and we do it the hard way we make them
wait and suffer and make everybody
suffer and wait and pay a lot of money
but we literally have an end of life
suicide program right now and I've
watched a number of people go through it
so I've observed this firsthand we kill
people with their agreement in the last
week or two of their life simply by
knocking him out with drugs and now
feeding them by choice they choose this
it's not something they're surprised by
and then they have a relatively I guess
relatively painless death but it seems
cruel to me so all I'm saying is if
we're thinking it's not it's not right
to allow suicide we're way past that we
already do it we just don't do it well
all right
somebody reported recently that there
was a rise in hate crimes now of course
there's always a political umbrella over
any kind of conversation like that
because somebody is trying to make a
point and they'll say something like
well the rise in hate crime must be
because of President Trump for example
so usually these things have a political
purpose to them but once again watch for
this trend here's the trend when you see
a report about an increase in violence
of hate crimes whether it's people on
the left or people on the right look to
see if this summary is supported by
examples that you can see because it
almost never is and maybe never is
because I've never seen it I'm saying
almost just because maybe somebody did
it once but even if you looked at the
examples you wouldn't know if it's the
same way they measured it before are
people more likely to more likely to
report it in the report that somebody
was passing around it said he cried was
up 17% and then buried way down in the
article and you have to actually follow
it lengthy and get there but buried way
down in the article is that they added a
whole bunch of reporting entities now
maybe they didn't add enough entities to
make up for the 17% but they never did
any kind of a calculation to let us know
if that was the case so indeed the
report that said hate crime was up 17%
did not demonstrate that the owner did
the article itself did not demonstrate
that fact it demonstrate that it could
have been up and it could have been down
either one of those was possible based
on what they presented in terms of
evidence so beware of additional fake
news reports yeah look out for the fake
news reports to say hate crimes are up
because it's probably the way they're
measuring it and it's probably at a
context and as
probably not supported by any kind of
summary so just be careful those now we
have a story about Melania our first
lady who is apparently instrumental in
getting some kind of national security
aid some high-level aide fired somebody
named Mira Ricardo now of course because
she's the first lady and not an elected
official it makes a great headline story
because people get in jabarut it and say
blah blah blah first lady this gossip
gossip gossip what is she doing making
national national security decisions
about personnel etc here's my take on
the Melania controversy if it's even
that I don't know it is let me say this
without cursing if you're dumb enough to
cross the first lady if you're dumb
enough to get out in the first lady's
bad side you're too stupid for the job
it doesn't matter what else you can do
it doesn't matter what else you're doing
right if you're dumb enough to piss off
the first lady you got to go you got to
go you piss off the first lady you're
just not smart enough for the job
secondly if anybody had a free punch its
Melania as our first lady put up with
more then well Michelle Obama put
up with a lot of - so first ladies
do put up with a lot of that's
that's a fact but Melania has put up
with a lot of
I mean she's put up with from her
own team from the other team
I mean Melania has put up with a lot
were there a lot of complaining right if
anybody had a free punch it's her
all right can you imagine her going to
her husband and saying I'm only asking
you for one thing
she's probably asking for more than one
thing but my feeling is that if she went
to the President and said I don't ask
for a lot
I'm not asking for a lot but I want this
one thing that's the end of the story
all right and should be I'm perfectly
happy with that situation now I saw on a
tweet this is it looks like it's a
screen grab from Fox News and it showed
the radical new democratic ideas and it
shows these new faces in the house with
Octavio Cortes being the one we know the
best but these are other freshmen
far-left
apparently Democrats and the radical new
Democratic ideas now this is the fox
news summary but I think is accurate so
they're saying four bullet points that
these are radical new Democrats want
free college for all free healthcare for
all abolish ice and some kind of a new
deal for the environment I guess a green
new deal now your first impression of
all these things is that's all crazy
every bit of this it's crazy right it
doesn't it doesn't conform to anything
you know is possible or practical or
realistic right so therefore you could
just dismiss them because their points
are so so aggressively impractical so
you could just dismiss them right what
are we doing right now we're talking
about them who are we not talking about
everybody who has boring ideas the
people were not talking about are the
people who were wait for it the
Democrats were not talking about are all
the Democrats who were not smart enough
to do this they're shocking us who does
this remind you of who does it remind
you of when you see such a a big ask
this is a gigantic ask free college for
all oh my God how much would that cost
free health care for everybody
32 trillion dollars abolish ice that's
crazy
green new deal I don't even know what it
is but it's probably bad for the economy
if you're saying to yourself this is all
impractical bad ideas you are being
manipulated they're taking the Trump
playbook moving the technique from the
right to the left and employing it with
chilling efficiency so remember I always
make a big deal when I'm talking about
President Trump of separating the
technique from the practicality from the
fact-checking
from the morality you know it's helpful
to look at the technique separate from
all those other things so you can see if
the technique is good or bad
the technique is freakin good it's good
that's good technique because we're
talking about her how many times have I
talked about Octavia Cortes whose name I
still can't remember a lot now let me
take you back to the time that candidate
Trump said he wanted to deport 14
million people what is that possible no
it was not
is it more crazy to say you're going to
deport 14 million people or is it more
crazy to say you'll get free college
which is more crazy yeah they're both
crazy but they're directionally pleasing
they're directionally pleasing and it
matches a lot of their brace it gets
energy it gets all of your attention and
why is it that we're focusing on the
this group the reason we're talking
about them is because they're proposed
those are impractical that's the magic
if they made practical suggestions it
would look like this you know I'd like
to see more people in college than most
we could do is maybe crank that up 2% a
year but you know over 20 years they'd
be 40 percent that would sound like
something practical but do you get any
attention if you talk in practical terms
you do not so somebody's saying so stop
talking about them that's the point we
can't if I could stop talking about them
I would also have to say they don't have
a good technique because look how easily
I stopped talking about them I can't
their technique makes me talk about them
because it made everybody else talk
about them and I'm the one who talks
about what everybody's talking about all
right
the reason Trump's technique works with
the media is because when he says
something this crazy sounding they have
to talk about it and if everybody's
talking about it what am I gonna do I'm
gonna talk about it so don't be
surprised when that group makes more
headway than you thought there was a
great story end of the hill about a
Texas County I saw this who had nineteen
there were nineteen african-american
women who ran to be judges in this one
County nineteen african-american women
ran to be judges and out of nineteen all
nineteen got elected all nineteen so
remember I was saying how CNN keeps
saying that the president oh it's
coincidence that the president keeps
criticizing female black people and I
guess there were three of them that
they've mentioned oh why is it that the
president keeps criticizing or black
women and I made the comment it's it's
more good news than you think because
the president doesn't criticize you
until you
a certain level of success all right the
president isn't calling people out to
her just voters and say I'll see that
voter over there that voter voted for
Clinton I hate that voter he doesn't do
that you have to be a successful
politician a business person who's made
a billion dollars you have to be a
senator you've got to be a judge you've
got to be you've got to be pretty you
know or a reporter for seeing that in a
very successful career if you can get
there so I'm just gonna emphasize that
point we it's so easy to miss the
positive news if the President of the
United States is criticizing a lot of
black women lately it's because black
women are killing it they're doing great
19 black women and of 19 got elected to
judge jobs these are good jobs anyway
uh-huh I thought that was something
worthy of pointing out when we were you
know we get all caught up calling each
other racists and you know you lose
sight of the fact that you know below
the level of the political discourse
things are pretty much improving
everywhere all the time
as a general rule just about everything
is improving but slowly it's it's only
moments like this where you get
something that's just quite obviously
you know a big step forward now I
tweeted yesterday and it got a lot of
retweets so it must have been clever and
well here's what I said if you've never
heard the quote that this comes from
don't give me full credit for it because
I'm I'm borrowing somebody else's famous
quote that's a little different but I
don't remember whatever it was and I'm
applying it to our current situation and
I said this America is one country
divided by a common language one half
thinks nationalist means patriot and the
other
thinks it means racist word thinking now
my point of that was that even though we
speak the same language we found a way
to tend to disagree on on the same
language like even what a word means so
half of the discussion in the country
right now is whether the word
nationalist means a patriotic person who
prefers their country over others
or a damn white nationalist those are
not very close those two things are not
very similar in meaning and when I put
that out there the response I got from
from people who you know we're feeling
the same thing the most frequent
response I got was well our definition
is the one that's right our definition
is the one in the dictionary therefore
we're right if you're thinking anything
like that
if you're thinking my definition of the
word is right you are not even in the
right game that's totally the wrong
question the question of who's right is
completely irrelevant you can't be right
when people are making up their own
meaning for words if if I've decided
that I'm going to call the President of
the United States a camel and I say I
know I know the definition in the
dictionary is a camel is this you know
animal with a hump and usually in the
desert but I choose to use the word to
mean the President of the United States
I'm just gonna call him camel now you
can't tell me I'm wrong because if you
look in the dictionary the camel was an
animal it's not the president of United
States because I just told you I'm
adding my own definition to the word it
doesn't add anything there's no logic
here I haven't made a point I should not
be winning any arguments by simply
putting a new meaning to a word now it
gets more devious when you assign a new
meaning to a word somebody's already
using so that's what the Democrats have
done and weirdly it's somewhat
successful
persuasion perspective it has been I
think somewhat successful to just
arbitrarily say when you say
nationalists do you really mean racist I
wonder if there's any word well I guess
I guess the I guess the Republicans do
the same thing so when Democrats say
they'd like democratic socialism they're
talking about the kind of democratic
socialism you see in Europe in countries
that if you ask them if they're happy
they would say yes so so really that's
what the Democrats are asking about but
then the Republicans do the same trick
on them and say oh you mean
communism or you mean socialism like the
real socialism that's totally socialism
with no capitalism that's not what they
mean they mean a capitalist democratic
slightly more socialist in a couple of
areas like health care and in education
you could argue about whether that's a
good or bad thing to have oh yeah
Venezuela right so actually thank you
that's a perfect example so when the
Democrats say we'd like free health care
you know and some little democratic
socialism we can see that that seems to
work in Europe so it's a functioning
system in Europe but then as well I had
a whole different situation at a
dictator so what the Republicans will do
is say oh you mean like Venezuela so the
Republicans turn Democratic Socialist
which we can see works because it's
working in Europe they turn it into
Venezuela which is a completely
different situation so the Democrats are
just giving it back with this
nationalist thing
right so here's my recommendation don't
get into arguments with people who are
defining words differently I call that
word thinking if somebody is trying to
win an argument by changing the
definition of a word they're not
involved in facts they're not involved
in reason they're not they're not
involved in any kind of the rational
part of the world now if you want to
talk to somebody who's not involved in
any rational discussion well just no way
you're getting into you're not getting
into a conversation where one of you is
going to win because the other person is
not even on the same playing field
they're not attempting to do anything
with logic or reason or anything they're
just trying to use a word you maybe if I
change the definition of the word I'll
get in the back door and maybe I'll
convince people by changing what words
mean there's no point in engaging
anybody on that level Benioff compared
using facebook to a deadly cigarette
addiction interesting now I haven't seen
that quote but if I take your word for
it anonymous commenter that Marc Benioff
CEO and founder of Salesforce has
compared Facebook addiction and I would
imagine that would be true of social
media addiction just in general to a
cigarette addiction I would say add that
to the reasons I like Marc Benioff that
guy is the real deal he could be the
president someday by the way if Marc
Benioff runs for president as a Democrat
he's going to be the president I've
never heard him say he had any interest
in it so I don't know if he does or not
but I want you to hear it here first if
Marc Benioff CEO of Salesforce ever
decides to run for president he'll be
the president you could take that to the
bank
but I've never heard him say he's
interested somebody said why
well I've I spent a little bit of time
talking with him personally so I get a
sense of the person and I've also been
watching watching him for a long time
his his capability his ability to show
empathy his intelligence his success his
consistency I'm not aware of any
scandals I'm sure if he ran for
president somebody would find one or
manufacture one you know his work is
charitable he's turned a major
corporation into a giving machine with
his 1% 1% 1% thing so sales force is
already sort of a hybrid company because
it's a capitalist country but it's based
on a very strong principle of giving
away some percentage of that to the
people who need it and he's an
empathetic character meaning you can
tell he cares really remember bending
off is a guy who I forget if he
initiated it I think he initiated it a
check within his company to make sure
that women were not underpaid and he
found out that to his horror in his own
company there were actually a number of
examples in which he was convinced that
women were underpaid and he just in one
in one swoop he adjusted all of it and
he didn't adjust the men down he
adjusted the women up now that had to be
really expensive and I don't know if the
way you measure these things is really
fair all right because there's always
the how much experience did he have and
and all that but he didn't care he just
adjusted it anyway that's a guy who can
win I that dude can't win when Democrats
are expecting a women he's he has been
so Pro women that he's actually got
better track record with women than most
women do and and he also has more
persuasive capabilities than just about
anybody else so he's he's a trump-like
character in terms of persuasion and
business acumen but without without
their provocative parts if you took if
you took President Trump and removed the
provocative parts you know the I guess
the the risky stuff if you took that out
it can to get Benioff and Betty off is
probably one of the smarter people
you'll ever meet
so iqy sees he's also pins a needle you
know it's funny I've been saying that
the Democrats would never run an adult
white male but I also was not
considering somebody like Benioff he
would be the exception he would be like
the the Trump like exception where you
know before if you said could somebody
run for president who had never held a
government job if you had asked me that
question just in general I would say no
I don't think so I think you have to
have a little bit of government
experience before you can be the
president but then the exception to the
rule was President Trump so there's
something about his personality that
makes the rules not count likewise I've
said that the Democrats are never going
to be happy with a adult white male
candidate because of the nature of the
the mixture of their coalition but
Benioff would be the exception he does
have the capability that he could break
through that like it wasn't even there
how would he handle identity politics
better than anybody else has handled it
probably all right we don't need to get
into too many details in that because I
suspect he is not planning to run so we
don't need to we don't need to make a
big deal about that talk about rom you
mean Emmanuel III met Rahm Emmanuel you
wouldn't remember it because it was just
a random meeting but I shook his hand
once yeah I don't have much to say about
Rob I don't know enough about North
Korea we've talked about that
everything's going fine in North Korea
the news is reporting it like maybe it
isn't but it's exactly where we should
expect to be at this stage let's talk
about the Middle East I did an afternoon
I did an afternoon periscope on the
Middle East I don't know how many of
you've seen it but I had suggested that
the that the elements are lining up for
something maybe to happen in the Middle
East that would be good and I guess the
Defense Minister has resigned over the
fact that then and Yahoo and Hamas are
talking about a ceasefire and the
defense minister I think wanted to be
more hardcore and and go after the the
fighters and remember I was telling you
yesterday that Hamas needs in order for
a mosque to change its current mode
which just seems important for anything
else to happen they need to have
something they could identify as a win
and the reason the defense minister is
quitting is because he says it looks
like we're letting Hamas win
and ammas is celebrating because they
think that the Defense Minister quitting
is an indication that they're winning
now you don't want to get ahead of
yourself at any of this middle-east
stuff because the odds of peace in the
Middle East are probably small no matter
what but I've made the argument that
we're closer to being able to get peace
then maybe has ever been the case
because of the unique characters that
are involved right now the leaders that
are involved how they would work with
each other the incentives the fact that
Iran is losing money and looks like it
will just get worse forever Israel is
getting stronger forever
there's no way anything's gonna go well
you might as well just make a deal now
you've got the right characters you've
got Saudi Arabia's probably flexible at
the moment so there might be a way to
make a grand deal and here's a here's
another persuasion tip this will be one
of the most valuable persuasion tips
you'll ever see and that fits in with
the Octavia Cortes persuasion points I
was making if you had a choice of making
either a deal for Israel and Hamas to
have some kind of a you know non
military situation you know some kind of
a ceasefire some kind of a peace if your
choice was to see if he could get that
just that just Israel and Hamas you know
not fighting should you go for it well
if that's the only thing it's the only
chance you have maybe you should but
compare that to trying to make a grand
plan where everybody's getting something
and giving something from Yemen to Saudi
Arabia to Iran to the nuclear deal to
Syria to Russia to look how complicated
this is how many countries if you could
make a deal for all of those things for
a grand plan which would be more likely
to happen which is more likely the
little one just a mas in Israel or this
big Middle East complicated messy you
can't imagine how all these elements
could ever be negotiated and fixed which
one's more likely
if you said the simple one is the more
likely you don't understand persuasion
the big one is more likely the big
impossible one is more likely why
because some things that are big and
impossible take all of our attention we
we think that things are going to happen
if you're talking big when you take
something that could be small and you
make it gigantic then you have
everybody's attention and you have
everybody trying to figure out how to
make it work and everybody's working
toward a common thing if you keep it
small people can ignore it they can wait
for it to go away
etc so the big win in the Middle East
might be and I'm not predicting this I'm
just saying we're closer than we've ever
been to something like like a good
situation in the Middle East it could be
that by making it gigantic like a grand
deal instead of a little deal that's
just that Israel and Hamas or a little
deal that's just a Yemen will stop
funding the sides in Yemen or a little
deal that's just Iran once you stay out
of north was a Syria or a little deal
like well what's what's Russia gonna
keep on doing with Syria or a little
deal see there it's a whole bunch of
little deals little deals are kind of
hard because you have the option of just
adds a little deal I'll think about
something else but if you make it a
grand plan to solve all of that stuff at
once just just everybody put it on the
table what are the things you have to
have what are the things you'd give up
what are the things you'd give see if
you can make a grand deal
Ashton Kutcher all right
what gigantic thing would bring the us
together war let me and I'm not
obviously I don't hope that happens but
let me tell you something that that is
confusing a lot of people people keep
asking me how can the president be
persuasive if his if his well the way
people say at the critics usually as
they say how could trumpet be persuasive
if he hasn't persuaded me and he hasn't
persuaded hasn't persuaded fifty to
sixty percent of the public how can you
be persuasive if your approval is only
forty two percent the majority of people
are not persuaded Scott how could you
call that persuasive here's how we no
longer live in the world in which you
can persuade the other team we don't
live in that world anymore and there's a
reason it's because once technology
allowed us to measure how the effects of
headlines and the news were affecting
clicks and those clicks affect profits
once the news became sort of a team
sport where they would never literally
never try to understand the other side
you lost the ability probably forever we
lost the ability for anybody to persuade
the other team it is no longer a thing
to persuade the other team it'll never
happen again maybe the only thing you
can persuade the only thing that's in
play is your own side so if you could
get to ninety percent approval within
your own team you should be considered
the most persuasive person in the world
if anybody could do that on the other
team
going forward in the past you know in
the past
both teams had popular people right but
if the if the Democrats can get any
candidate in 2020 to get to a 90%
approval within their own party I'm
gonna say that person is really
persuasive
Bernie only got half of his own side
Clinton got most of her side and she got
you know more votes even than Trump but
there were a whole lot of people on her
side who really still wanted Bernie so
you know that was a special case where
she had the money and the name and
everything but if you take that stuff
out I don't think it's gonna be common
for anybody to even persuade 90% of
their own side anymore that's sort of
the standard I got in the back and forth
on Twitter about my predictive abilities
and one of the predictions is that my
critic called out is that you said I'll
have to paraphrase this because they
don't have it but you said that I had
claimed that when the election happened
that the temperature would go down and
that the hysteria would go down and my
critic said haha that's clearly not the
case the hysteria has not gotten less
and therefore your prediction that once
the election happened the hysteria would
subside you are off there's more
hysteria than ever so I guess you're
wrong to which I responded during the
election people thought that there were
going to be and I'm not making this up
you remember it right people thought
they were going to be concentration
camps for gays when President Trump got
elected that that was an actual belief
clearly that's not going to happen
there were people who thought the the
entire economy would crash and they were
entering a depression I don't see
anybody worried about that anymore
people thought that the president would
start a nuclear war
it looks like the opposite is happening
he might be the safest president
we've ever had look at North Korea for
example people thought that it would be
crazy if he went into these trade wars
because then it would be in some
terrible trade to war a problem not true
doesn't seem to be a problem at all
people thought that Roe vs. Wade would
be overturned well I can't say that it
it will never be impacted but I think
people realize now that even if it did
it would just get kicked back to the
States and that the Conservatives on the
court really really really liked
precedent so the odds of it changing are
actually kind of low it might and you
know the people in the left have a
perfectly reasonable reason to be
worried if that's their priority but the
odds of it are kind of low right it
looks like lower now than it really was
although I think some people would
disagree about that so if you look at
today what are the things that people
are worked up about today compared to
during the election this was one of the
best predictions I've ever made we're
not worrying about concentration camps
we're not worried about depressions
we're not worried about nuclear war
worried I don't even know how worried we
are about climate change it's probably
the same but it's not really so much
because Trump did or did not do anything
it's just that there's nothing you can
do so I would argue that that the things
we will work up oh and then what about
Russian collusion remember Russian
collusion was there was some certainty
that the president was actually more
aligned with Russia than with the United
States that was a real belief I don't
think that's a belief anymore do you do
you think that even the president's
critics still believe that he's working
with Putin I don't think so because the
evidence says
failed to materialize so it might be
true that people are still emotionally
worked up but look at the things they're
worried about
check the headlines here's the headlines
compare these headlines to concentration
camps depressions and nuclear war there
was the things we worried about before
now here are the headlines new White
House fury comes from the first lady the
top story the top story on CNN is that
the first lady didn't like somebody who
worked at the way house right am I wrong
about that that's the top story now yeah
somebody mentioned the wildfires and the
wildfires are gigantic problem it's not
really a president Trump problem right
he didn't he didn't really cause that
let's look at some of the the other big
stories Don Lemon says there's chaos in
the White House because of Melania I
guess that's the story there see top
stories think about that these are your
top worries in the country is that
Melania was being to somebody in the
White House on there are some other top
stories the the singer named pink Pink's
husband has a warning for wildfire
looters that's a top story there's a
husband of a singing rock star who's
warning people not to loot that's it
there are some other top stories there's
a lot of vote counting in Florida and
all the right people who want a good
result certainly look at even the
Florida story what's what's the biggest
like problem you know with the the
election is that Florida looks sketchy
and what is but what's happening all
right it's easy to look at just the
negative but what's happening in Florida
Florida is causing us to all scream at
the top of our lungs that we want the
same thing how weird is that in Florida
you have two sides that are violently
agreeing that every legal vote has to be
counted if your biggest problem is two
people yelling at each other the same
thing hey I like the color green Oh
yeah well I like the color green too
that's our biggest problem right now
people are violently yelling at each
other that all the legal vote should be
included if that's your problem you're
in a pretty good place let's look at
some other top stories
[Music]
nothing yeah I mean basically nothing
the others are crime stories local crime
now give me give me a fact check have I
made my case that the things people were
afraid of during the election did not
materialize and the things were
complaining about and yet our emotions
are still at a 10 oh I will agree with
that emotionally we're still at 10 and a
10 but the problems were worried about
are absolute they're complete
 problems what about the caravan
right the caravan no matter which way it
went was probably somewhat unimportant
right we don't need we don't need more
crime than we have to have and we have
to have rules and and all of all of the
discussion about it is important but
it's not important like nuclear war it's
not important important like a
depression because no matter what was
going to happen with this Caravan it
probably would have led to some
tightening and improvement in the border
probably just didn't make that much
difference those are our biggest
problems and they're not much of a
problem do you know I well do you know
why health care is the top concern
health care is the top concern because
most of the other big problems got
solved or on their way to being solved
we're not talking about Isis so we can
talk about health care we're not talking
about the economy not talking about jobs
we're not talking there's a lot of
things we're not talking about it
anymore
simply because they're being handled
quite well all right
by the way am I wrong about this am I
wrong that the problems that we were
worried about mostly the other side
we're worried about during the election
were gigantic world-ending problems and
though the stuff we're talking about now
is Melania didn't like somebody in the
White House I mean these are
fundamentally different levels of
problems
now that the fentanyl problem is still
huge and there are there is some
government action that looks productive
in that way but we weren't talking about
those things during the election and
that's not really a political problem to
begin with look at other things we're
talking about we're talking about prison
reform
yeah these are just all positive things
nineteen african-american women ran for
judge jobs in one County and 19 and of
19 black women won their elections in
Texas I don't know if I could say that
enough times you know I'm gonna say it's
three times 19 and 19 black women ran
for judge jobs in Texas and all 19 won I
could just say that all day long like I
just love the sound of it you know if
that's not a positive sign sign for the
country what the hell is you know if
anything we're going to be talking about
how other people can compete with that
kind of success you got to give it to
black women they're killing it they're
killing it so how about some props for
for that group all right
uh some of there's a polar bear story
prison reform is not happening they get
trained to work but nobody hires them
well it's a I think prison reform is one
of the toughest things you could ever
tackle which is also it's a good sign
that we're tackling it it means that
other problems have reached a level
where there you can put resources into
this really intractable tough problem
and I think it's like everything else
you try some stuff you you just push
forward see what works what doesn't
yes if any of it works you keep pushing
well let's get rid of the racist all
right yeah you know I'm looking at your
comments and I heard some celebrity
homes burned down in California yeah
that's the sort of it's it's bothersome
to me and probably to most of you that
we talk about celebrity homes being
burned down in California
and I get you know there's an obvious
reason why that's the story and you
can't stop it but you know there are
tens of thousands of people who can't
afford they can't afford to rebuild and
it's a major setback in their life and
they're not celebrities so for the dozen
or so celebrities we've heard of who
lose their homes those are all the ones
who can afford to rebuild
they'll just build nicer places in
different different places Oh
blight Authority for California yeah you
know I've been working with Bill Polti
and you'll see some more of that and if
in a few weeks you're gonna see some
more coming from us on what to do with
the the blighted and cleared land and
in urban areas but it seems to me that
the question of how do you build
economically so that people can have a
high-quality life at a low cost how do
you how do you make a good building that
you can live in for a low low price it
feels like that's important everywhere
now because look you've got all these
natural disasters where after it's done
you need to rebuild and a lot of the
people who were rebuilding are not the
rich people so wouldn't it be great if
we had a technology for rebuilding that
was very super efficient and low cost if
you look at the people who are coming
across the border what would what would
the immigration look like if the people
south the border had ways to build
really cool efficient low-cost homes
that makes the cost of living much less
I don't know would they be more inclined
to stay where they are because they
could build their own home with NFL you
know and they kit for example so it
seems to me that this big question of
how do you how do you design a low-cost
life so that people who never will have
high incomes can still have a great life
like the middle-class used to you know
when I grew up we didn't have much
income but we still had compared to what
you could have today pretty good life
right it didn't take that much money to
have a reasonable job my father worked
in the post office as a just a clerk who
stands at the post office window and
with odd jobs and you know he worked
some painting and night and weekends and
stuff he worked pretty hard and my
mother worked a little bit but with that
low low level of income we had her own
house
you know we had you know cars that
worked most of the time and that world
has gone away yeah maybe it's tiny homes
with solar panels on the roof but I
don't even know that they need to be
tiny so I think the tiny part is
somewhat irrelevant ooh I think we could
build homes that are a little
Kitt's and that it's like Legos and you
could snap it together and that one
person in theory you could create a home
that one person can build with with
their own two hands and just snap it
together and you'd make it so the
directions are clear and things can only
go together one way let me give you one
example of how much improvement
improvement you could make with home
building the materials for building
homes always come in standard sizes you
know like a floor panel might be one
foot by one foot
you know lumber is exactly the same
length all the time if you were to if
you were to build a home in which your
design required you not to cut anything
you just buy everything off the shelf
and your lumber is this long so that the
size of your rooms are either this or
twice this you could probably snap it
together pretty quickly now the current
materials maybe that's not the best idea
but if you designed materials that by
their design were meant to snap together
I've got a feeling you could make a snap
together home and it would be
inexpensive and maybe better than other
homes it doesn't have to be worse
because it costs less it could be better
they already have manufactured homes but
if you've watched the process it
requires heavy equipment you need a
crane you've got to transport this house
and and then the house that's built in
the factory is built by probably a union
type labor and lots of overhead and
expense what if you got rid of all that
you could get rid of the factory you can
get rid of all the labor you could have
this the parts made in the factories and
sent directly to the site and then the
people just assemble it
there was a Sears home that was like
this forty years ago yeah so imagine how
much better we can do if we use that
process today with modern you know
everything we know about modern
construction and materials and 3d
printers
you know I I've imagined for example
that you've got a you
just imagine this model you've got a
home that you've designed the community
so that you have all the things that
community needs so you've got your
people the same age you've designed it
so it has good security you've got you
know people basically all your social
needs are met so you want to design the
community first not just the house but
then imagine that the house all of the
building blocks stuff is a kit you can
pick it up snap together and then all
the little stuff like the knobs and the
faucets and the doorknobs is all 3d
printed on-site so that all the all the
little metal stuff and plastic stuff and
the parts and the connectors and stuff
you just print it on-site so the only
thing that gets shipped to the site is
the stuff that comes in standard kit
sized forms you snap together when
you're ready to put it on the doorknobs
the 3d printer makes you some doorknobs
you snap them on all right more on that
later
and I'll talk to you all another time
see you later