I hope you're getting your morning
exercise or possibly just your cup of
coffee or possibly you just come here to
find out what the future looks like and
here you are
grab your beverage put it in a mug a cup
a glass I don't care if it's a Stein a
thermos or a chalice put your favorite
beverage in there I like coffee and join
me for the simultaneous sip yes now
speaking of coffee do you know what
Howard Schultz biggest political
advantages and I guess what is Howard
Schultz who was the founder of Starbucks
considering running for president as an
independent well this is biggest
advantage the answer is coffee now I
will be the only person to tell you this
but I think you know it's true partly
because you watch these periscopes and
you have noticed that I have
intentionally used the association with
coffee which people like to make them
think ah coffee coffee with Scott Adams
I like coffee maybe I like him too so
there's a crossover effect our our
impressions of one thing can complete
over to anything that's associated and
the positive association can be
transferred I do that intentionally and
you know it I tell you that so it's not
a secret and it still works a lot of
people tell me how addicted they are to
coffee with Scott Adams and a lot of
that is just the coffee and the
Association it's not so much what I'm
doing it it it makes it positive so
Howard Schultz has this enormous
enormous
persuasion advantage because when you
think of him
you think of coffee and do you know what
coffee does to you makes you feel good
it's a really big advantage now is it
enough
is it enough of an advantage that he
could win the presidency I don't think
so I think I think the teams are too set
in their ways people just don't like to
change teams and as others were smarter
have pointed out there really were no
such thing as independence there are
only people who say their independence
but then always vote the same way so
there's no real such thing as as some
group of observed people who who really
wish somebody else would run in the
middle it's not a thing
but if you haven't seen my tweet of the
heckler who called out to Howard Schultz
in an event recently you have you have
to play it somewhere where nobody is
listening because there's a there's a
bad word in there but it's the it's a
funniest heckler it's the best heckling
you've ever seen all right let's talk
about the morass um have you noticed
that she has a creepy laugh does anybody
notice that I saw two people
independently without seeing each
other's comment respond to her demeanor
as creepy one comment was that her laugh
was creepy and then another one just
something about her demeanor was creepy
and here's one of the things that I've
tried to teach you about the signing
nicknames people have been trying to
come up with clever nicknames for her
you know as if they're inventing their
own kill shots here's the trick that
everybody gets wrong people are trying
to use something about the name to make
you sound clever with a name like cold
Cibola or or something about her
you know thing with Willie Brown none of
those are effective and the reason
they're not effective is that they're
just sort of surfacy comparisons the
sound interesting with her name there's
nothing that connects it's just sort of
surfacy so what you want to look for is
something that people already believe
about the candidate all right
I'm gonna have to say that twice because
it's so important you have to start with
what people are already feeling if you
don't start with that it doesn't matter
what the nickname is so the reason that
crooked Hillary worked is because you
already had that feeling that there was
something there you didn't know what it
was she hasn't been she hasn't done
prosecuted for anything but it felt like
there's something crooked there and and
people felt that so when that nickname
was assigned if it same with low energy
Jeb when as soon as you've heard low
energy you thought to yourself he does
look low energy it just fit the person
so if gonna have to change money
here we go power source so how do we see
now 200 offended people refer to her as
creepy without being prompted and having
it matched my own sense when I watch her
laugh she's not a comfortable laughing
have you noticed that her laugh is it's
just sort of an out of synch a little
bit like like it's a nervous or a creepy
laugh I don't know exactly but by
coincidence
creepy works well with come on so creepy
Kabbalah if you know should that catch
on another know that it will would be a
lot stronger than the ones that are just
sort of riding
so somebody was saying a Cruella Deville
or kamala deville
that doesn't work and the reason that
the Cruella stuff doesn't work is that
she's out there salary health care for
all and helping the poor and it is
compatible with her brand as a Democrat
so the Cruella doesn't really strike me
as you know what I feel about her when I
see her you know what I want when I hear
her talk she's talking about helping
people you can disagree with the
mechanism to help people but that's what
she's talking about
and I don't think she doesn't want to
help people like you know in her inner
soul do you think that she's saying ha
ha ha I don't really want to help the
poor I'm just going to say that to get
elected well I mean they're all
politicians so they're gonna say more
than they might believe but basically
anybody who runs for president wants to
help people right I don't think we get
any candidates or just absolutely don't
care about people why that's not really
a thing so so I think that one's a dead
end
creepy feels unfair it's not supposed to
feel fair is it is it is fairness an
objective not really now let me tell you
what else doesn't work I'm hearing
seeing a lot of people on social media
say that the implication is that talking
about her dating of Willie Brown a
notable politician from California who
has admitted that he helped her get
positions and helped her career people
are saying that that's going to work
against her I just don't see it I just
don't see it working against her even a
little bit and here's why it's 2019
nobody cares about that stuff and and
the main charge that Willie Brown helped
her career he admits and I imagine she
would admit it
so there's nothing hidden and as long as
there's nothing hidden and it's 2019 and
you've got a president Trump who's maybe
not
not your ol model for your family
interaction I just don't see that it
matters this week and it just bothers me
when I see it because I think you're
wasting your energy on that attack just
let that go and by the way I've been
consistent all the way from Kennedy
through Bill Clinton through Donald
Trump and now through Kamala Harris I'm
just not going to say any of that stuff
that they do with their personal life is
my business and it's not important you
know we're we're not really hiring role
models right yeah we didn't do it for
this president and we're not gonna do it
for the next one you may have seen him
that morning jello has at least gel
anyway has endorsed kamal aris and you
know that who's the Rachel Maddow has
also put through her weight behind to
come on and now see you then did a a
town hall with her to put her at the top
of the pack so the two main entities
that matter in terms of assigning us our
opinions on the left are MSNBC and C in
that and they have clearly chosen Kamala
now the reason that they would choose
her is they think she's the strongest
most credible candidate and I think
that's probably true it's the same thing
I said
and she's peaking too early now I don't
think so I think she's clearing out the
field I think she's playing she's doing
sort of a Donald Trump which is she's
trying to absorb all the energy early
and just starve everybody else of energy
and she's doing it really well and
somebody saying did she date watered
down or have an affair
here's my answer to that did come over
Harrah's date will be bound or have an
affair still doesn't matter I don't care
what word you put on it you can't make
me care you can't make the country care
Willie Brown called it dating good
enough for me I don't care and I don't
think you should carry there but you're
welcome to care whatever you like now
Kamala said in her town hall with CNN a
few things number one she said she
wanted some kind of universal health
care
have you noticed people are saying he
was married well well I guess I can't
leave this point Willie Brown was
married it is also reported as recently
as this week that Willie Brown was known
for showing up at events public events
with his wife and his girlfriend
so Willie Brown was known publicly for
showing up at public events at the same
time with his wife on the left and his
mistress or girlfriend on the right and
everybody knew it so whatever really
bound the situation was with his wife
you're making a lot of assumptions to
assume that there was a problem here
because I don't think there was I don't
think that Willie Brown had a problem I
don't think his wife had a problem with
any particular thing he did it seems
that they had something worked out right
so so if you're assuming that there was
a problem that was number one mostly
Willie's to deal with and again I don't
care all right let's talk about universe
out here my point about the universal
health care is that now you've heard it
so many times you've heard it from
Bernie and AOC and lots of other
Democrats you've heard it from no Kamala
correct me if I'm wrong hasn't the idea
of you
the healthcare move from any idea that
only birdie could have because it's so
impractical will never be able to pay
for it to something closer to inevitable
am I wrong
now I'm talking about the persuasion and
the way we think about it so I'm talking
about a normal evolution of what starts
out as being crazy talk and then just
becomes normal
alright remember when President Trump
announced it was crazy talk that there
could be a president Trump just crazy
absolutely crazy that he could ever
become president and then it became
normal over time it feels to me that the
idea of universal healthcare somebody
says you're losing me stop thinking that
I'm telling you my opinion on universal
health care I'm talking about the public
and how the public is responding to it
try to stay with me all right you guys
are some of you are so locked into your
teams they even mention a the topic
makes you go all out all about I can't
listen to this anymore I can't listen
I'm out
just listen to the point all right
here's the point I believe the public
has been softened up to the point where
the thought of universal health care has
really just boiled down to can we afford
it in some way the answer is now at the
point at this point but I think it has
gone from fringe to something closer to
mainstream so that's important because
if you're worrying about it coming I
think it's inevitable I think that the
public is sort of evolving - we've got
to get there one way or another now to
reiterate my personal view is that I
think you can't have a great country
without health care for everybody that's
my view I also have no idea how we could
possibly get there by raising taxes
because you they're just not enough
money
to make it happen I do think we should
make it a national objective to figure
out how to get there and to figure out
how to do it without just raising taxes
and I think we could get there through
innovation I think we could get there
through changing regulations and rules
maybe change the laws maybe make things
more competitive maybe focus more on
innovation
maybe maybe try some things but the goal
would be to get a more competitive
situation in which the market can do its
thing and lower the price if you lower
the price enough then maybe you can
start talking about more people having
it so if you get two things right the
economy is just screaming which it is
now unemployment is very low which it is
now so that that helps a lot of people
get health care right there and then
you've got to focus on bringing that
cost down at least for the the things
that where that's possible I'll talk
more about that at some point but
there's just all kinds of stuff
happening where the startups are
targeting the higher margin parts of
healthcare so within healthcare there
are things which are hugely profitable
and a lot of startups are looking at
those things that say well I'm going to
take a piece out of that by making the
MRI that's cheaper or the EKG that's
cheaper etc so we should see something
along those lines I'd like to see the
Republicans package their healthcare I
won't call it a proposal but a
preference you know package it better
and sell it better as competition needs
to get us there not taxes I'm going to
give a shout out to President Obama
so exposited Obama did something that
was one of the smartest things you'll
ever see and I called it out when it
happened and I've called it in a few
times but I like to remind you of it
those are the Obama said in public so
this is not me reading his mind he said
this directly that Obama care was a bad
plan
but it were I'm paraphrasing but he said
it would essentially get the country a
little bit pregnant on spreading health
care and once that happened there would
be no turning back so in other words
President Obama said directly Obamacare
is a bad plan he said that he said it's
a bad plan but it almost certainly will
get the country moving in a direction
where they have to fix it and they'll
fix it while covering more people
because it's you just can't go backwards
it's one of those things where no
politician could say I have a plan to
give people you were less health care
you know it's just political suicide so
here's the shoutout from a strategy and
persuasion perspective it was a
brilliant play he called his shot and
then he hit it because we're in it right
now right Obama called he called the
feds he was going to hit this home run
over he hit it over and everybody called
him a failure because the thing he said
was a bad plan and would fall was a bad
plan and you know it's of course under
attack all the time but the national
conversation is exactly where he told us
he was going to put it which is we're
all talking about this this topic so
he's moving that he moved the national
consciousness he did it intentionally he
told us he was doing it and then he did
it right in front of our eyes you know
you can hate his policies you can hate
everything else about him I'm not going
to defend you know his presidency
anything like that but I'm not one point
of political strategic persuasive Talent
you nailed it you can't take that away
from another thing that Kamala talked
about on her town Town Hall I didn't see
it all but apparently she repeated the
conspiracy theory hoax
the president said that the
Charlottesville tragedy that the
neo-nazis were fighting people now is
she sent a lot of other things and it
wasn't it was not Jake Tapper's job to
fact-checker in real time and it's very
disappointing that he let her say that
which is so demonstrably untrue because
what he said there are fighting people
on both sides he was obviously talking
about both sides of the statue question
of which they are fine people of both
sides the news illegitimately created a
conspiracy theory in which they claimed
that the President of the United States
had said that the neo-nazis were fine
people that didn't happen and when he
was asked to clarify he made sure we
knew in the very clear language that he
disavowed that group so kabbalah has
started off with a conspiracy theory
that the CNN is allowing two to live and
I have to say I'm disappointed in that
because I just don't think that the
country is served by letting that
conspiracy theory pass as fact and it
when it's so easily just not be bumped
alright let's talk about Joe Bishop
Senator Joe Manchin West Virginia who I
have dubbed it the smartest senator in
the country why because two days ago on
I guess it was Meet the Press
he said what I think all the senators
should be saying at this point let's
turn this border security question over
to the experts and engineers experts and
engineers those are the magic words and
that makes Joe Manchin the smartest
Senator in the country smartest
politician in the country
because he went on television and said
the words that can solve the problem
because until the politicians release on
making engineering decisions which is
what they've both been trying to do
President Trump of course was trying to
sell a political solution and in so
doing he simplified to the point where
he became the engineer he simplified it
to the point where he was defining what
a wall looks like and how much of it
there is that's really engineering work
as persuasion it worked well up to a
point but once you get down to getting
in the room and trying to actually come
up with a budget trying to come up with
a specific idea which is what the the
working team is doing you have to defer
to the experts and the engineers now I
also like somebody's prompting me here
in the comments I love the phrase smart
wall because if you think about it
that's far better than my solution i I
had that suggested long ago that instead
of coming in a fence or a wall you call
it a Wentz and then everybody wins
but once is like an ugly word and you
know didn't really catch on but but the
the two words smart wall that kind of
gets you there doesn't it because who
doesn't want a smart wall no it has a
wall in there so you could say well I
got a wall it's a smart one and who's
going to say that a electronic defense
mechanism isn't a smart wall now it kind
of is so you want to get both sides the
ability to say they got what they wanted
when it seemed like they wanted
different things but they never really
did both sides always wanted a smart
engineering solution to make the border
more secure both sides want that and
calling this more wall is pretty way
pretty good way to get there because
those words are you know they're they're
they're good words smart and wall are
both good words they work well together
they they're catchy I think it's a good
solution so joe manchin smartest Senator
in the country right now all right well
I wanted to give you an example of what
I've been talking about for political
topics in general but I'm going to use
climate change as my example now if
you've been watching me for a while you
know that I've been doing kind of a deep
dive on climate science and versus the
skeptics and trying to figure out who
has the advantage here or to see if I
can do something like my own research
and get to the bottom of it here's what
I've discovered now my my opinion on
climate science is always subject to
change so I've sort of evolved here's my
bottom line based on everything I can
learn about climate science number one
both sides are dealing with BS so it was
easy for you to take any sides and say
oh I'm a skeptic or I'm a believer and
then you'd say to support my side I get
a point out all of the B s happening on
the other side it turns out it's really
easy because both sides have a really
big chunk of completely ridiculous
claims now one of the sides is also
right right I don't know which one but
one of those sides has the right answer
but both of them are let's say they're
they're trying to market their views
with things that are so transparently
ridiculous
that they do come off as hoaxes all
right so climb the science the way it's
marketed now I'm not talking about the
science I'm talking about the way it's
marketed to the public looks like a hoax
to me it's just complete BS and I'll
talk about that specifically but the
skeptics who are trying to market
essentially
their view that none of this climate
science is real they're very pretty you
know they're pretty unconvincing most of
the time now again there are lots of
different skeptics so I'm not saying
that they're all equal in their in their
their BS but here's here's my take the
science of climate science if you count
just the the chemistry of the physics of
it feels like that could be pretty solid
that's not a final answer but if you
were going to believe the consensus of
scientists on the scientific stuff the
stuff that we've known since the 1800s
we know that co2 can cause warming etc
the the basics of it that's probably
pretty solid I could change my mind
someday but so far that feels solid
here's what's not a solid in order for
the scientists to sell their vision of a
dangerous warming world they use these
models the models just models now I'm
not talking about climate science in
general not talking about the science of
it I'm just talking about the models are
such transparently ridiculous
that it makes the science look fake as
well but probably this is a preliminary
opinion I could change this later
preliminary it's probably well-meaning
scientists who in general have the right
idea but they don't know how to sell it
to the public and so they thought well
if we put into these models and we show
them what's going to happen and then we
calculate what's going to happen in 80
years now we've got a marketing hat on
our science and we can take the
marketing part to the public because
they don't understand the science we'll
keep it simple we'll just draw a picture
a little hockey stick they're right
unfortunately the marketing of it is so
ridiculous and and so unconvincing and
and predictions that were way off
etcetera that it's not credible to the
public or at least to a big part of the
public likewise there are many skeptics
saying ridiculous things such as the
claims of scientists forgot to include
the Sun okay what do you hear people say
I think all the scientists of the world
who are studying the climate forgot to
include the effects of the Sun that's
not credible I don't really need to dig
too deep to find out that that didn't
happen but here's my point if you're if
you're trying to do your own your own
research on this topic or any other
complicated topic it's here's the the
well that you're gonna fall into you'll
start at the top with a skeptical claim
I'll use climate science again as my
example but this would apply to gun
control and lots of other complicated
topics you'll start with a claim that
you understand let's say the claim is
the ice is melting so therefore the
planets getting warm and you save
yourself I understand that I understand
that if the earth is getting warm the
ice would melt and then decide to say
we're measuring the ice and smelting I
get that that's a solid persuasive
argument and then you go to the skeptic
and the skeptic says no they measured
that all wrong they measured that wrong
measured that wrong and here's why and
you and when you read the skeptical
argument you go that's pretty convincing
here's a here here's a here's a NASA's
own information that says that it's
there's more ice gaining than loss and
you say gosh I don't know what those
scientists were saying and then you go
back to the scientists and they say no
the skeptics were looking in the wrong
place and then you go back to the
skeptics and they say we were looking in
the wrong place here's my link then you
go back to those scientists and they say
yes that's a link but you left out this
other leg the shows and you keep going
on - well from claim to skeptic to claim
to skeptic and at every level the last
thing you read is persuasive
until here's the fun part until you go
down the wall far enough this somebody
says something you either can't check
because you just don't have the
resources or you don't understand and
let me give you my best example so so I
was arguing on Twitter the other day and
I was going down go down the well you
know from claim to skeptic to claim and
I want to read you something that
somebody who knows a lot more about this
than I do said I wanted to tell you who
said it because it doesn't matter if
it's a skeptic over or a scientist so
after I got a far enough down the well
and I think ok I'm finally getting
somewhere now I'm gonna be able to make
my own decisions based on my great
research I'll really know what's going
on and then I get this the puzzle and
Ice Age theory is how to get a powerful
100 killer glaciation cycle when main
orbital cycles are 41 killer years oh
boy qulity and 23 kill years precession
with a hundred killer years of
eccentricity cycle week the ABE Russia
idea building on Peltier 1980s isn't
problem you got that right
does that clear everything up and you
know you were probably confused before
but but now I cleared everything up this
is every debate on climate science it's
also every debate of everything else
complicated you always get to the point
when you go down the well of claim
skeptical a skeptic claims skeptic
you always get to this something you
could not possibly understand or
something you can't check such as
somebody changed some data and you're
like well did that yeah what I know
right and the same thing happens let's
take gun control you will start with it
like a simple gun control claim this
country doesn't have guns
and they have low quiet
so very convincing there's a country
that has gun control very few people
have guns and they have local are very
convincing and then the skeptic comes in
and says no here's why they have low gun
gun crimes has nothing to do with gun
control and then the claim goes back in
and again you go down the well until
somebody says something that you can't
check or you don't understand now what
happens when you can't check and you
don't understand you get out of the well
at whatever level agreed with where you
started
in other words confirmation bias so the
so the the illusion is that you're doing
your own research until you're reaching
a wise opinion that you have you've
determined on your own
through your goods good thinking and
good research nothing like that is
happening nothing like that is happening
instead you're just ping pong you back
and forth between the arguments until
there's something you don't understand
and then you go back up to the level you
didn't understand you go well glaciers
are melting I guess that's it there's a
picture look at that polar bear I
understand that I see a polar bear I
know it I know the polar bear is anyway
so you should release on your confidence
that you have done your own research and
you understand climate change okay let
me say who is the most wrong in the
climate change argument if your argument
is that climate change absolutely is not
a problem and you're a hundred percent
sure that there's something wrong with
your mind you haven't done a good job if
you think it's probably not a problem
well you might be thinking accurately
and you might be right
likewise if you think it's definitely
going to destroy the world the climate
there's something wrong with you
all right if you think it's a hundred
percent chance that the climate science
have got it right and their predictions
are right and things are going to go in
the worst position if you think that's a
hundred percent true there's something
wrong with the way you think if you
think it's probably true well you might
be right and you might be a good thinker
so the people who are doing a good job
of thinking about it or thinking in
terms of probably or I'm leaning in this
direction you know so far this is what I
think or well maybe we can't be sure but
we should you know we should hedge those
are the people you want to listen to
anybody who says is definitely not a
problem and it's all a hoax every bit of
it
they're not credible players likewise
the people who say it's settled science
there's nothing else to say and here's
the important part and we can predict
what will happen and its dire you don't
need to listen to that either the two
extremes are not they're just not
credible the probability people are the
ones you want to listen to all right
what else is happening anything else
happening if you do you some of you just
wanted to talk about guns now you just
mentioned guns and everybody goes crazy
your best podcasts were about the
economics of climate yeah
will be more than them in my book do you
think of it as well that as well is kind
of interesting isn't it because on one
hand we don't want to you know go in and
take over some other country it's the
last thing we need on the other hand we
almost sort of can't get not I mean we
almost have to have a direct involvement
with Venezuela so I think that's going
to happen
it's gonna be a question of whether we
can make it look like we didn't go into
heavy handedly well I watched the State
of the Union with you I think I might be
traveling that day so I don't know but I
might Senate postponed bars confirmation
yeah boring
Carlos white I don't know anything about
that oh you wanna hear something really
interesting that will change the world
you're something that will change the
world
periscope is working on a split-screen
version in other words I will be able to
as I understand it very soon be able to
do these periscopes and have a guest so
I'll be able to have a guest expert that
I can interview on periscope from the
different location now yeah if you think
if you think that I've been influential
on anything up to this point where do
you see what I can do with a split
screen that's going to be some fun
because well you know because then I can
get the climate scientist
the climate skeptic on and ask some
questions and it's gonna be fun you're
gonna learn some stuff yeah I've done it
I've done the split you know I've done
it with like another device but the
quality is low so it's really a it's a
different situation
alright well you may have noticed that
if you're watching CNN last night you
saw that UnitedHealthcare a I guess
their insurance self care company they
have a way that you can talk to your
doctor with a video call so but you have
to be within their network to do that my
my startup interface by winning up
that's the name of the app interface by
Web hub that you can
search for that on the App Store's has a
product in which we'll be adding some
dusters very soon and I've got a big
announcement about that coming up and
just waiting for some details to get
wrapped up but we will be providing you
some a variety of doctors who are
licensed in individual states and I'll
make a big deal about that and this is
part of what I was talking about about
technology lowering the cost of
healthcare because if you had the
interface app once we get our doctors
loaded down there we're doing that right
now if you had that and you wanted to
talk to a doctor for you know a
reasonable price for a single doctor
visit or even just a second opinion you
could do that without insurance you just
pay as you go and then maybe you just
get insurance for the big stuff and
you're gonna be much better shape than
if you didn't have health care could the
doctor be in India so the doctors are
we're loading our that we're putting on
there we'll be licensed for individual
states and multiple states in many cases
so if the debt the doctor is in India
that's going to be an issue between the
doctor and you whether or not you're
happy with their certification we are a
platform so it will not be our job to
vet any of the experts to answer your
question so we wouldn't stop a doctor in
India from giving advice somewhere else
we're not going to stop that because
we're like the phone company if somebody
makes a phone call it's not our business
what they're talking about but but
that's going to make a big difference
what would be covered by Obamacare not
not that I know of so the idea is that
you can get a doctor for a low cost you
know a reasonable price any time you
want and you don't have to be part of
the network yes they can prescribe yes
they can prescribe
so the doctors will be bringing on will
be able to prescribe and that's a big
deal right yeah they can write they can
write prescriptions how do we know their
doctors they will all be part of a
network of that vetted them so I'll give
you more information on that when we're
ready and we're almost ready so the the
group of doctors were bringing on or
part of an organization in which you
can't be part of the organization unless
unless you have the credentials or what
will this be up I'm still waiting for
the final word I hope in the next few
days we've done almost everything we
need to do just a couple things we left
as soon as those are done I'll make a
big deal about it no such thing as a
reasonable price when it comes to health
care well I guess it's directional you
can sort of become more reasonable I'll
give you the details of the names and
everything else when we're ready to go I
don't want to I don't want to aim too
early when will we have a eye doctors we
kind of already have any eye doctors
don't we how many of you have diagnosed
correctly a problem by looking it up on
Google well let me ask this question
this is good some of you know I had a
voice problem years ago and I diagnosed
it successfully using Google when I
couldn't diagnose it with regular
doctors you know I had to do a Google
search or a Google Alert that eventually
kept up yeah so look at all the people
saying yes so you could argue that WebMD
and Google searches are really sort of
AI already you know it's it's not AI the
way we usually think of it but as
certainly is organized intelligently and
useful and you know many of us have
become our own doctors yeah getting a
prescription was the problem and so
that's one of the things that will be so
imagine if you will you do your own
research you
pretty sure you have a diagnosis but you
just need a doctor to confirm it and if
it's right to write a prescription
pull up your phone BAM
there's your doctor you got your
prescription all right that's enough for
now and I will talk to you all later bye
for now