well let's see how the stock market did
uhoh apparently the stock market did not
like the debate well that's not looking
good but I'm sure it'll be
better all right let's get our comments
going and then we're g to have a good
time let's go back to regular View
well there I am so good
[Music]
looking good morning everybody and
welcome to the highlight of human
civilization it's called coffee with
Scott Adams you've probably never had a
better day than this and it's just
starting if you'd like to take this
experience up to levels where no human
can even understand it with their tiny
shiny human brains all you need is
copper mug or glass a tanker chel
orstein a canteen jug a flask a vessel
of any kind fill it with your favorite
liquid I like coffee and join me now for
the unparallel pleasure the dopamine
head of the day the thing that makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens
now m
H
yep yep that's some good stuff we will
of course be talking about the debate
I'll give you a little science updates
while people are streaming in and
getting ready for
this there's a study that's of Ohio
State University highlighting the
pervasiveness of inflammation in the
American
diet and I was wondering don't you think
that food labels should include
inflammation because people don't really
know what causes inflammation and what
actually solves
it uh and my biggest problem with food
is
inflammation that's why I avoid most
food certainly I'll process food if I
can so I think inflammation should be
listed on the food does it or does it
not this is a cool thing there's a big
breakthrough in housing so there's this
real robotic micro Factory company let's
say it's called The U Au
AR and they're shipping
uh robot containers to build a house so
you know a shipping container what that
looks like well they'll put one robotic
you know house building robot in it and
then it arrives and they just put down
the the sides of the shipping container
and it's basically a little Factory
you'd have to put it indoors in a
warehouse but basically you could you
could Jin up it looks like you could
spin up a factory that builds
homes and you could build your own
Factory that builds homes as easily as
shipping in some shipping containers
putting them on the floor of your
warehouse and then just opening up the
sides of the shipping containers and
then all of a sudden you've got a whole
Factory to build a house each of the
shipping containers would have a
different little robotic thing that
makes parts or whatever it does
so they're called micro factories oh my
goodness that's exciting and by the way
this is not speculative they're already
an
operation so when you talk about the
Trump idea of you know using federal
land to build uh new new
cities here's a way to do it just
shiping some micro factories and start
building those houses for
cheap did I see that uh the a SpaceX
crew has arrived at the International
Space Station and that they're getting
ready to rescue those
astronauts I thought that was going to
take months
longer but it it's already
happening can somebody confirm that it
was like it's too big of a story not to
be on the front page but it was sort of
a small story so I'm not even sure I S
so I'm seeing some
yeses I I feel like that should have
been the biggest story and it just got
sort of a
mention anyway there's probably a reason
for that so within the last few weeks
Elon Musk has rescued two astronauts and
donated starlink Internet to the flood
zones so what did you
do did did you get anything done this
week because Elon mus just rescued two
people in space
in
space and brought internet to flood
victims that's not bad not bad for a
week well he also uh posted I think it
was today uh a link for pennsylvanians
to register to
vote now what happens when Elon Musk
who's got over a 100 million
followers posts a link for
pennsylvanians to register to
vote at some point almost seems like
election interference it's not because
it's just Free Speech but that's got to
move the
needle don't don't you think if you've
got this narrow little race in
Pennsylvania and you know could be who
knows how close it could be and then the
biggest social media account in the
world most credible person tells you to
register to vote and then gives you the
URL I think that moves the election that
seems like a big deal to to me well
we'll
see all right let's talk about that VP
debate now here was my
take so here's a little uh picture I was
drawing on my whiteboard if you think
that the uh I don't know the details of
the debate and the policies and things
make a difference we'll talk a little
bit about that but the fact is this was
sort of a Vibe situation
I'm not sure how many topics or policies
anybody's going to remember after that
debate but you're definitely going to
remember how it made you
feel so the first thing you need to know
is that Vance is Young and handsome and
way smarter than wals and confident and
look good and wals sort of looked like
he was doing this impression of Chris
Farley do you remember Chris Farley from
Saturday Night Live and he look all
nervous
and his body wouldn't stop moving and
and it was very you know only him he's
the only person in the world that ever
look like Chris Farley is Chris Farley
until now but wals gave me that Vibe so
let's uh let's run down the uh I'll get
into the details but let me tell you
what other people
said so well first of
all um van won the debate so if I can
just skip to the
end Vance won the debate like easily by
a lot even the New York Times said
Vance's dominant debate performance so
that was a title in the New York Times
an opinion piece David axod big Democrat
strategist kind of guy uh he did a post
there where he said here's the thing VPS
don't make policy presidents do who
talks about the Pence years so Axel Rod
presumably seeing that the VP contest
wasn't going his way decided to tell you
that it wasn't important at all yeah
when you lose you say that contest
wasn't even important when you win most
important thing that ever happened in
the history of politics so if David Axel
rod wants you to think that it wasn't
important uh he must agree that van SW
we assume we can't read his mind but
maybe that's what it means meanwhile CNN
Abby Phillip um she criticized wals for
not being
prepared so imagine how poorly you would
have to do as a
Democrat for Abby Phillip on CNN to flat
out and say you look like you weren't
prepared for it
ouch if he asked me not prepared is the
deepest insult you could get for a VP or
presidential
debate because you can kind of
understand when people Miss speak or you
know they they don't do a good job in a
question kind of normal but if you see
somebody who looks like they didn't
prepare that's that's pretty bad yeah
that's pretty
bad and
uh um and they said that uh yeah anyway
he didn't they they just didn't think
CNN didn't think he did great so ABC
news said the Trump Paris
the said the Trump airs
moderator um oh the
ABC ABC News host who had been the prior
Moder moderator for the uh presidential
debate said that wals reminded her of a
Biden
flop okay that's pretty bad that's
pretty
bad so even the people who are
unambiguously pro-democrat in their
normal
reporting um seem to have seen the same
debate I did which is there was a winner
and there was a loser and it definitely
wasn't a tie but you know who says it
was a tie well
MSNBC Joe Scarboro trying trying to find
anything positive to say about it said
quote if the goal is to make Tim Walls
our Midwest neighbor a nice guy it's
mission accomplished Tim wals got
exactly what he needed out of this and
so did KLA
Harris okay okay now I've told you that
I only watch MSNBC for the humor this is
what I mean watching Joe Scarboro try as
hard as he can to polish a turd in
public all right I've got this big
turd uh watch what I do with
it what do you think yeah it's still a
turd but did you even notice how well I
polished it it's polished people it's
polished it's what it feels like every
time I turn it on I just laugh because
it first of all I I love the fact that
the society is decided to ignore the
fact that MSNBC at least half of the
hosts are clearly obviously mentally
ill now the fact that we all act like we
don't notice
it let's act like we don't notice that
Joy Reed is obviously mentally
ill so anyway
if they're willing to put those people
on the air I'm willing to laugh at
them well um let's see uh msnbc's Nicole
Wallace went crazy said that Vance tried
to mansplain to a
woman I'm not sure I saw Vance do any
mansplaining I did see the hosts violate
their own rules and try to fact check
him during the debate and he did call
them out on fact checking him and
violate their own rules and then he did
Bowl right over them by the way you
you've probably seen a million debates
where the uh debater tries to walk to
talk past the time limit and the and the
host cut them off in a variety of ways
cut the microphone or whatever but Vance
actually got them to stop cutting him
off and that's something I don't know if
I've ever seen so they start to cut him
off and Vance says loudly enough that
the we could hear it at home uh the
rules would the rules were that you
would not fact check me right after
they' fact checked him that just stopped
him
cold because they must have understood
that they just broke the rone most
important rule if there was one thing
that the that the debate host had to
accomplish and you can almost imagine
that maybe they got you know briefed
ahead of time by management all right
look there's one one thing you can't do
just promise me there's one thing you
won't do do not fact check one of them
just one of them and then I'll fact
check the other it's better if you don't
fact check anybody but definitely
definitely don't fact check just the
Republican and then they fact check just
the
Republican the biggest fail you could
possibly do such a big fail that the
conversation on the right is whether
Republicans should ever have have
another televised debate and you know
what that's actually the right question
it's not clear to me that Republicans
should ever again for any office have a
televised debate because it's just a
trap all it is is a Democrat trap why
would you do
it now you could imagine a scenario
where the hosts were not in the bag for
one or the other but it doesn't
happen so if it doesn't ever happen why
would you keep agreeing to it and
there's got to be a better
way all right here is my take
um on all of them
um so Vance he has what I call Command
Voice whereas wals has what I call
pleading voice now I've talked about
this before command voice would be I'll
do an impression of Command Voice the
elbonian have attacked us we're going to
build a big army Force we're going to
attack elbonia we're going to destroy it
and drive it back into the Stone
Age now that's Command Voice here's
pleading voice why do you keep saying
that we have to do this we're going to
have to do this and things go wrong and
why don't we do this and you've got it
you said that but you said but you said
before you said before not even close if
the only thing you did was listen to the
two of them one of them looked like a
leader like a born leader really a born
leader Vance and uh and WS look
like Chris
Farley trying to do an impression of
somebody doing a presidential debate but
not having any tools to do it he was
really terrible all right some more on
Vance Vance was younger better
looking um he was confident
he was uh brilliant you could you could
tell his intelligence just by the way he
answered things he was uh serious but
not too serious you know you didn't you
didn't dislike him for his seriousness
he was just just about the right amount
of serious he did a good job of making
sure that um he focused forward and
didn't do a lot of talking about what
may or may not happened in the past or
what he may not have to
explain uh he did a reasonably good job
of avoiding the most divisive questions
but at the same time it's obviously he
avoided some of them so his January 6
answer I didn't
love but at least he did the positive
looking forward Trump left on January
20th just like everybody always does so
I'd give him a
C+ maybe a c minus on his answer for
January 6 but I don't think it hurt him
um I understand the Democrats are going
to do some kind of commercial about his
answer about that but I think people
probably made up their decisions about
January 6 I would say that was his
one obvious mistake that he didn't
handle January 6 better the the
questions about it um I think that Vance
solved Trump's biggest problem which is
he seems
scary and people would worry oh my God
it's going to be trumpism forever people
and then Vance comes in and does such a
good job of just seeming like a good
person that it really takes the the
sting and of thinking that you know
Trump is going to be dangerous the way I
look at vice
presidents I don't know if other people
do this but I think of the vice
president as the you know emergency
backup tire but also as somebody who
would be the first and best check on a
president who is going to be
excessive cuz a vice president has the
ultimate power that I've never seen I
don't think anybody's everever used it
but imagine a vice president who said if
you do this I'm going to
resign I don't know if anybody's
everever made that threat but can you
imagine a sitting vice president in any
Administration saying if you do that I'm
out I'm I'm
resigning it would be it would be first
of all a threat you could definitely do
but it would you know so you wouldn't
have to wonder if they could pull off
the threat yeah you could people can
quit they can do that but imagine what a
humiliation that would be for your
Administration so I always think that
vice presidents have a hidden power not
just the 25th Amendment if it's needed
but the power to Simply say you know
what I'm out there there's something
going on that's so bad that I can't even
be part of it I take my name out I'm
gone so when I look at a vice president
I say to myself could you do that could
you do
that are you a serious enough smart
enough patriotic enough person that if
it came down to the good of the country
you could
quit and I think Vance could and he
looks like he would be the you know
certainly the uh the reasonable smart
voice in any room so he does give me
Comfort with Trump even though I prefer
Trump and I still got some comfort
knowing that there would be somebody of
his quality in the room so you know you
tell me somebody joined the
military do I have to wonder if they
would quit a job if if if their boss
went too far nope no he joined the
military during a time of
War I mean you don't have to wonder if
he's Brave that that question is already
answered so yeah so I think he did well
on on
that he did the best side eye you've
ever seen it's already turning into a a
meme featuring Jim from the office you
know how the character Jim from the TV
show The Office would break what what
they call breaking the fourth wall he
would look at the audience you just give
him that
look
well uh Vance had the best side eye look
that I've ever seen in a debate
everybody noticed it was just he'd give
that look it wasn't a mocking look it
was sort of a are you hearing what I'm
hearing look which was just right you
don't want to go too far I don't love it
when when the other debate person who's
in the the split screen is doing all the
faces
[Music]
like you know sometimes it works but I
don't love looking at it but that side
eye that uh that Vance gave him yeah
you're seeing it in the comments
that was perfect now here's another uh
mistake that wals made on the debate
since they knew it was mostly a split
screen I guess I can get rid of this now
since they knew it was mostly a split
screen um somebody should have told wals
never turn
sideways because when Vance was looking
forward and talking sometimes uh wals
would just turn directly sideways
he should have been taught not to do
that so when you hear Abby Phillips say
he doesn't sound he didn't look like he
was
prepared that would be one that stood
out that that should have been right on
the top three things that he' been
prepared for don't turn directly
sideways you saw that when Vance did the
side eye he he was a little bit facing
but his side eye was toward the
audience
perfect perfect that's exactly the right
body language
um let's see what else uh I think the
funniest thing from the debate is if
you're really looking for the vibe you
know does one project power and you're
always looking for um which one would
you want to have a beer with you know
that was the old test do you like these
characters would you want to have a beer
with one of them well there's another
there's another thing that I do besides
the beer test do you want to mate with
them now nobody thinks that
intentionally like nobody has the
thought hm I'd like to mate with that
one like nobody has that conscious
thought
but but subconsciously it drives all of
our decisions we're basically mating
creatures mating is our basic operating
system we're looking to mate because
it's the only thing we have to get right
if you can mate and make new new copies
of yourself
then your your civilization succeeds so
mating is the thing that drives
everything even when we don't
consciously know our decisions are based
on it so I think that women in
particular would be looking at the two
candidates and thinking which one would
they want to mate with so that would be
the equivalent of men saying who would
you have a beer
with if it's male
candidates now if you look at it on that
level who would you want to have mate
with obviously you know one's better
looking and younger so he wins on that
but the funniest part to me is that uh
Vance talks about having his three young
children which automatically makes you
look like a mating stud three children
wow you just pumped out three three
children with this beautiful
accomplished woman that's some good
mating right there and
then and then wals drops into one of his
answers that he had to use some kind of
fertility enhancements to have a baby
now I don't know if the fertility
enhancements were because of him or his
wife and you know I don't want to get
into any kind of you know medical
opinionating I know I have an opinion
about it right lots of people have
infertility lots of people get help it's
just a medical thing I don't judge it
one way or the other I'm just saying
that in the context of a debate when one
of them is young and says I just pumped
out three beautiful babies and the other
one says my balls don't work even though
I don't even know if the infertility or
the treatment had anything to do with
him I have no idea what the actual
details are but the contrast is one is a
mating machine and the other
one barely could do it when he was young
enough so that's that's just a
devastating contrast right there at the
subc ious level so this is the the
hypnotist take I'm trying to come up
with stuff that won't be obviously said
by every pundit all day long so that's
the hypnotist
take he was asked uh would he um how
would he handle the deportations that's
a dangerous question because if he said
we're going to you know wrap up all 25
million and send them back that would
sound like too much for most people in
the country but he did the smart thing
he said that they'd start with criminals
he didn't really answer if he was going
to separate people from their families
in deportations but he kept focusing on
you know we're going to take care of the
get rid of the criminals that was the
best you could do best you could do on
that answer um his answer on January 6
was uh sort of to avoid it when I
thought that was an opportunity to
really hit a win if he had gone after
January 6 and mocked it as in well you
know there's nobody who's a republican
who thinks you can take over a country
by
trespassing we do you know and then you
say something like of course we disavow
all the violence none of that was
appropriate and certainly the president
called for a peaceful protest then the
second part is but but but he had those
fake electors then you say well that was
a legal maneuver his lawyers said that
this would be a good thing to do to
establish your right and we just assumed
that the courts would work it out or you
know it would just be a normal process
and then sure enough the process worked
the way it does and on January 20th
President left peacefully just like
every other Administration and if this
happens
again we'd like to we might ask you to
look into it again if there's something
that looks obviously rigged I think that
you would want to look into it as well
as I would why why would only one of us
want to look into it if there was
something that looked clearly an a whack
I I would hope I would hope uh Mr wals
Tim I would hope you would join me in
that call if the elections look so far
out of what we expect to be normal uh
let's let's say you had a how about this
one you say on the question of will you
accept the election say I I think we can
all agree on this Tim uh would you
accept an election result if you found
out that three of the precincts were
100% votes for one candidate when you we
both know that that would be impossible
would you join me in calling for a a
brief delay in the certification just to
make sure that there wasn't any
Shenanigans if we see something that
really stands out I'm not talking about
something subtle but something really
stands out as a problem would you join
me in asking for uh for the uh the state
that was involved to look into it a
little
bit just imagine that
answer that's a total kill shot and he
had the he had the opening and he didn't
take it now
maybe what he did was the very best
thing he could have done because even
though I so cleverly tell you how to
make that a kill shot when the when the
fake news gets a hold of it it just
gives them another reason to talk about
January 6 and they won't do the good
argument they'll just say something like
Vance can't start Vance says he won't do
a peaceful
turnover right they would they would
turn it into some completely different
answer if they had to so maybe the very
smartest thing he could do is to be
boring on that question and say focus on
the future Trump left on January 20th
let's move on let's focus
forward maybe I'm going to say I'm going
to say I would have preferred the kill
shot but I'm not so confident he didn't
make the right play so I guess I'm going
to I'm going to be humble in my own
opinion about that he might have done
the right thing by just taking the
energy out of it maybe that was
enough
um here's uh wals he had that bleeding
voice he did not have and I wondered if
he would uh when there was no audience
and the Stakes were high he did not act
in his flamboyant way you know he when
he waves he waves with his middle
fingers hey don't don't ever wave like
that wave like
that if you have to wave like that if
you're going to put one one arm in the
air here's a way to do it yay yay do it
like that you don't want to do it like
you you're Liberace saching across the
stage don't do
that don't do that if you're going to
clap to the audience to return their
Applause try to do something like
this don't do
this no don't do that but he didn't do
those things during the debate he did
not if you're going to point to
something uh you use both fingers or
make sure that one of your hands is is
by your side for
example here this would be good pointing
like
that that's good pointing this is good
pointing too this arm by the
side that's good pointing here's bad
pointing no this hand need not be
involved we we don't need to see this
one yeah don't do that so he didn't do
any of the weird uh body language
which I imagined he would not because
there's no audience so I think having
having no audience allowed him to be as
uh non weird and creepy as he could be
and I will give him um I'll give him an
A+ in not being
creepy because he's creepy as hell when
he appears in front of
crowds I'm not going to change my
opinion on that but did he
successfully uh conceal any creepiness
yes he did I'm going to give him credit
for
that um he talked about uh how the
Harris campaign was about
Joy about
Joy so he's on the joy
team and there he is there's a there's
that picture I drew of him uh showing
all of his Joy it's really tough to have
somebody with an upside down mouth on
the joy
team because I don't know if you've
everever seen this but this is what a
smile looks
like like the the edges of the mouth go
higher than the middle this is what a a
wal just standing there looks
like no joy you know he has a resting
unjoy face yeah resting unjoy face I
just made that
up and let's see U he did seem uh the
single biggest thing everybody noticed
was he would look
nervous the nervousness I think more
than any single thing is the story of
the
debate um Vance looked not nervous
whatsoever not even a little he he looks
like he was born to do that you know
nobody said that Vance wasn't uh
prepared or that he was well
prepared oh think about that I just
realized what a big deal that is think
about the fact that one of them is a
subject of the conversation of whether
he was prepared when we watched K Harris
many of us including me said wow she's
very prepared very prepared
right when you watched
Vance was there any point where you even
thought to yourself that he was
underprepared or very
prepared I never had either of those
thoughts you know why
he just
was he looked like that's just who he is
he simply acted like he could do this on
a moment's notice um I'm assuming he was
very prepared but what I'm saying is
that he didn't he didn't come off as a
prepared person for a debate he came off
as somebody who could do this you know
anytime you wanted you like you could
just say hey hey Vance uh we're having
an instant debate you ready yeah okay
and then he would do the same thing he
did in front of you it like it would
just be so natural and good the fact
that we don't even have the
conversation about whether he was
underprepared or overprepared or just
prepared enough means that preparation
was completely missing from his
presentation
perfect that that would be the gold
standard the gold standard is you can't
tell if you're prepared or he's always
this way and he nailed it that that's
really the story The the debate to me
but uh wal looked like an old nervous
old weird troll with an upside down
smile and crazy saucer eyes and you know
I often talk about the crazy eyes if you
watch it politicians with the sound off
and pundits as well when their eyes go
big like saucers that's when they know
they're
lying when when people know that they're
telling the truth and that you could
check it and you could see it was the
truth they don't they don't widen their
eyes like that it's just something you
do when you know that what you're saying
isn't credible but you're trying to sell
it anyway and my god did he have that
did you ever see that once even once on
Vance did Vance ever go
wide-eyed nope and and that is another
sign that he didn't think he was lying
now let me ask you this do you remember
any lies that Vance told
because generally they both get fact
checked you remember any lies he
told I don't remember
any there there were definitely
questions he avoided and got called out
for it
rightfully so he definitely avoided
questions but did he tell a
lie I'm not sure I don't remember one no
even when when Trump does a debate I'm
always completely
aware when he's using his hyperbole as I
like to say I can tell when Trump is
saying something that's not going to
pass a fact Checker I mean you could
spot it without any effort because
usually it's already been fact checked
he'll say things that have already been
fact checked you know just like wals
does just like Aris does the normal
politician thing but I don't know that
I've seen Vance say something that's
just not true think about
that that's kind of a big deal now
people argue that he didn't you know
frame the January 6 just right or you
know maybe he he had some spin on it or
something but that's different than
lying that's different than just saying
something that's not
true uh but W had a few things that
weren't true I remember those it could
be that I just have selective memory and
maybe maybe it was closer to even I
don't
know let's see um the other uh here's my
other hypnotist take this is backed by
science did you know that women who are
using hormonal birth control this has
been well proven this is now some Weird
Science for decades it's been studied
and every time they look at it comes out
the same if you're on hormonal birth
control you like somebody who looks like
sort of a good dad
husband kind of thing you know just a
nice beta dad body take care of the kids
have a good income kind of thing and if
you are not on hormonal birth control
you tend to like the bad boys the
handsome boys the you know the dangerous
boys so if you look at Vance and wals
I'm pretty sure that the women who are
on hormonal birth control are going to
prefer walls on average obviously I'm
not talking about every single person
yes I understand that there's such a
thing as Republicans and Democrats and
sometimes they're just going to go for
their team and it's not going to be
anything to do with hormonal birth
control I get it I'm just that you
remember the elections might be a you
know one or two per difference in the
end so if it made any difference at all
scientifically um I think that Vance
would get the people
more support from people not on birth
control hormonal birth control and uh
also get the ones who are on hormonal
birth control I think that's real by the
way I'm not saying that because it's
funny I think that's absolutely real but
not moving big numbers might move a few
people well wal lied about apparently
being in Hong Kong and I don't really
care about that you know the elections
are basically lying contests so
if I found out oh no one of the
competitors said he was closer to
something famous than he really was well
that's just sort of politics so I don't
care that he may have been wrong about
being uh in China during tianan Square
uh but it but when he tried to explain
it he looked more like somebody who was
explaining that he lied he just
completely blew the situation what he
could have done is saying oh yeah you
know I misspoke about that but the
important thing is and then talk about
something else I mean it would have been
so easy to just say yeah you know um now
that you mention it or all right once
somebody pointed that down I thought oh
yeah I probably had a false memory about
that so forget that and I wouldn't have
cared about it if he just said that um I
thought it was interesting that nobody
me to eating the cats and dogs so wal
brought up the topic but he talked about
it only generically as in you say things
about some immigrant communities and I
thought to myself say it say it say you
think that they eat dogs go ahead say it
because I I think uh I think Vance was
ready for it I don't know what he would
have said but I think he was ready for
it so I think the only thing I can
imagine here is that Democrats have
decided that that the eating the cats
and the dogs things must have worked
better for Trump than it worked for the
critics because otherwise it would have
been one of the leading things he said
so I think it's really
telling that the Democrat strategist
obviously the strategist were helping
wals prepare but they must have thought
that the eating cats and dogs things
ended up working for for Trump much
better than it worked for them and I
think that's true if that's the advice
they gave him stay away from the eating
cats and dog stuff that was the right
advice because I'm pretty sure that
Vance had the kill shot for
that um Vance had a great answer on uh
housing costs so the question is what
are you going to do about reducing
housing costs because K Harris had a
plan for helping firsttime uh house
buyers and Van said uh if you can you
know work on energy costs bringing them
down and they do have ideas for that
reducing regulations drill more approve
more drilling Etc uh that that would
bring down the price of everything true
yeah you bring down energy costs that
brings down the price of everything
including housing uh he said the
migrants were C causing some competition
for housing so if you didn't have a
migrant crisis maybe the housings
wouldn't be impacted
You could argue whether that really
makes a difference
um in every town probably not every town
that makes a
difference um and he said uh housing
regulations could be reduced and that
would increase uh that would increase
building and increase the supply and
decrease the cost so those are pretty
good answers I like the fact that it was
a what do you do about this and it
sounded like At first I thought oh
there's nothing you can do about that
that's going to be hard and then he had
three
solid you know direct answers that would
tell me oh yeah you could do that you
could remove Trump can remove
regulations that's like a real thing
would that affect housing prices oh yeah
it would yeah
totally
um he Vance was uh worse on the question
of would uh would Trump and Vance
separate people from their uh kids from
their parents if he deported people I
think uh he avoided that
question well enough but it looked like
avoiding a question so they're both I
think Vance avoided some big questions
but maybe that was the right answer
maybe just avoiding it was best
play um on climate change Vance says he
and Trump liked the Clean Air and the
clean water and that he brought into the
argument something I'd never heard
before for which immediately made me
perk up as in well that's really smart
because if you're trying to figure out
how smart they
are uh you're looking for something new
so if both of them had just come into
the argument and said all the things
that you know Trump is going to say
anyway uh or Harris that would not
impress me but I had not heard this
before so Vance said that if we bring
more manufacturing back to
America uh America uses much cleaner
energy than China or India so China and
India burning a lot of coal um so they
got the dirtiest energy if we take all
of our manufacturing and move it to the
place with the dirtiest energy you're
going to get the worst outcome to The
Climate now what's interesting about
this is he did not doubt that the
climate is being changed by human
activity that would have been probably a
mistake so he didn't say anything one
way or the other he simply said we like
clean air and clean water and if most of
the manufacturing happened in the United
States you'd get cleaner cleaner energy
use and everybody would win worldwide
globally everybody wins if the
manufacturing goes to where the clean
energy is and I thought to myself I
don't have any counterargument to that
what's the counterargument to that
because China and India definitely use
dirty your energy you definitely need
tons of energy for
manufacturing we want to move the
manufacturing back anyway and if we did
manufacturing is one of the you know
biggest uses of
energy so that was actually that was
that was a surprisingly capable answer
that's the best answer I've heard on the
topic honestly I don't I don't think
I've ever come up with anything better
on my own because the problem is if you
have enough time you can get into the
uncertainty about the science but if you
don't have much time that's just a trap
because you know that you could make you
know let's say a 20 minute pretty good
case that the measurements for climate
change are not accurate and you know
we've been wrong before and blah blah
blah but if you don't have much time go
for a clean a clean water bring the
manufacturing back it we use our cleaner
energy to make it
oh that's that's tight that's a tight
answer the best I've seen best I've seen
yeah then on the abortion question which
you expect would be really bad for the
Republicans because um you know the
Democrats are just not going to take
anything less than lots of abortion
rights and I did love the way he put it
so rather than saying something about uh
single cat ladies or some offensive
thing about people who are not having
babies he seems to have seen the error
of his ways and instead he he's he says
plainly that he wants to put it in more
of a positive spin for families and
children and that um he said on the
topic of abortion quote Republicans need
to earn trust back on that topic and I
thought oh my God
do you know how perfect that is do you
do you know what people really really
want to hear from Republicans if you're
a Democrat especially if you're a woman
do you know what you really want to hear
them
say you want to hear them say we need to
earn your trust
back because it's
humble it's not we're right you're wrong
uh we're going to control your bodies
it's we have an argument that we like
children we like families and we should
do more more to support people who get
pregnant I don't think he said it as
directly as that but that's what I got
from it in other words maybe maybe
there's adoption maybe there's um you
know better training about not getting
pregnant maybe we could encourage people
to have the baby anyway and give them
some kind of support but we need babies
we need the country needs babies right
we need babies and we need families and
if he could just say you know what we
need to earn your trust back but we want
to be Pro baby Pro family and that was a
strong
answer strong answer now that's a that's
an answer you give when you know you can
you're not going to convince anybody if
you can't change their minds and you're
not going to change any Minds during a
debate you can at least say I'm not a
jerk I want you I want you to be
happy I want you to achieve you know the
best thing for you and for the country
so so really good really good answer
best you can
do did you know that uh wall said that
um it's not okay to yell fire in a
crowded
theater until this morning I thought
that that was true that it was illegal
to yell fire in a crowded theater the
thinking meaning that you would know it
would cause danger because people would
 you know trample each other um but
apparently the courts have decided that
that specifically is legal it's free
speech why did it take till today for me
to know that I tell you there there's
some humility for
me every time you find out something is
wrong that you've believed all of your
life on an important topic free
speech and I was just 100% wrong just
like just like uh wal was now I'm not
going to blame wal for being wrong about
that cu the almost the entire country is
wrong about that and it's such a basic
question about our freedoms that I'm
going to let I'm going to give him a
total pass on that he got fact checked
you know at least on social media but
yeah uh I thought it was true it's not
true but uh this was in response to
Vance uh saying that the Democrats are
looking to
censor all right here are some things
that wal said that are false he claimed
that he says Trump won't cover
pre-existing conditions uh bre bar fact
checked them no that's not true Trump
very much says directly doesn't avoid
the question he does not avoid the
question yes I want to cover those I
mean he says it directly so for the
other the other side to say the opposite
is just a pure
lie uh wal also said that
that the Trump Administration would have
these pregnancy monitors and it's part
of the project 2025 thing nope there's
no mention of anything like that in
Project 2025 and as a bonus Trump didn't
write project 2025 and doesn't endorse
it so that's just a total lie just a
thing they made
up all right um the memes from the
debate are just one wonderful there's a
meme that even Trump sent around um
maybe I can find it let it's easier if I
just show you the
memes all right
so here's this
one uh let me go to my
T I'm not sure what you
see but we'll find those me oh here
here's a good one
all right so
uh one of the things that wall said that
none of us really understood somebody
say some say he said it twice but I only
heard it once he said he's friends with
School
shooters now obviously he didn't mean
he's friends with School
shooters but he said it in a clear
language and so Trump does a meme says
Trump fans 2024 and then in uh it's got
a little asterisk and under it it says
not friends with School
shooters not friends with School
shooters H that's good but there's a
better
one that's a better one let's see if I
can find it hold on here it
is this might remind you of
me you know I've often told you that the
the main thing you wanted toite
president is somebody who's not as good
as you so the meme is Obama just
thinking and he's thinking I need a VP
who's dumber than me and then the next
one is Biden who was his VP saying I
need a VP who's dumber than me then the
next one is Harris who is Biden's VP and
she's saying I need a VP that's dumber
than me and then the last picture is Tim
wals with his saucer
eyes now I haven't seen you know maybe
the Democrats have their own memes that
are also awesome but the
me the memes that came out on the other
side are just so
good all right so Trump won the meme
game
totally all right
um Trump turned down 60 Minutes they
wanted to I guess they wanted to talk to
uh Paris separately and then Trump
separately and they had said that they
they would do cutaways to fact check
them so they' asked the candidate a
question and then they cut away to fact
check it now Trump said no now he said
he wouldn't do it until they apologize
for lying about Hunter Biden's laptop
now I don't know if he meant that or if
it was just another way to get at them
but if 60 Minutes tells you they want to
interview you and they're not going to
show the unedited video and they tell
you we're going to cut away to fact
check you don't agree to that are you
kidding Harris agreed to
that if you wanted one thing that would
tell you who should be
president the one who agreed to that
should not be
president now I don't know if 60 Minutes
is going to be friendly to her and not
do any fact checking or not fact
checking anything that matters but never
ever never ever never never ever agree
to an interview if they're going to edit
and and put it in their own factchecking
and you're not going to have a second
thing to say about it it'd be one thing
if they fact checked you verbally and
then you could say oh but your fact
check is wrong because of this and that
but no way no way do you agree that
they'll cut away to factchecking I hope
I have that story right by the way I
hope that's really what happened that
they said they were going to cut away
def faction
uh you can fact check me on that if
that's not right right but don't ever
agree to
that um there's new updates in the Diddy
story there's a attorney pretty high
powerered attorney says there are 120
victims he must be representing all of
them or most of them and
uh the the accusations that you're
seeing on social media are just wild now
these are not so the lawyer says that
we're going to be shocked when we hear
the names involved we're going to be
shocked at the same
time uh there are a number of uh
prominent CEOs are quitting there are
more some today there are more CEO of
Schwab and CEO of something else
quitting but like I told you before this
is quitting
season so if you're thinking oh there's
no way all these CEOs would be resigning
if it's also you know unless they're
part of the didd thing no that's
completely wrong this is the season
everybody resigns they tell you in
October so that you've got the rest of
the year to adjust and then they have
Christmas off and they you know spend
the time with their grandkids or
whatever so I don't think resigning in
October is telling you
anything but it might I I can't rule it
out but it it would be somewhat hidden
in the fact that this is just the normal
time you'd see a lot of people
resigning
anyway 120
victims um there's an accusation online
that uh there's something that didd he
was accused of abusing a 9-year-old boy
spiking drinks with horse tranquilizer I
don't know if that's related to the boy
um and I'm not saying any of this is
true um let me say the same thing I said
about the election Integrity after
people said the election was faked most
of what you hear is probably not going
to be true for example most of the
people who are CEOs quitting it's not
because of anything about
Diddy right so just in your mind every
time you see a new claim like there's a
claim about JLo there's a claim about
Obama there's a claim about um a whole
bunch of people just you should have a
little recording in your head that says
probably
not probably not now I do believe there
will be lots of prominent people who are
in a lot of
trouble but the claims are somewhat
independent from whatever the reality is
so you should treat the
claims as highly suspicious and innocent
till proven guilty situation it's going
to be hard to
do but try as hard as you can because
this one's ugly th this isn't just oh
you might have said that bad thing this
is the darkest deepest accusation you
can give to somebody and if if you're if
you're just throwing Oprah into the mix
because you know you just feel there's a
Vibe or
something I would ask you to be a little
more careful than that because there is
zero evidence that Oprah or
robam most of these people JLo there's
zero evidence now if any evidence
against any of these characters comes
out then then we adjust but if you don't
know of any reliable evidence are you're
just hearing the names being thrown
around uh be a little careful about that
most of them are going to turn out not
to be true I
think anyway um Jaguar Wright who has
been very vocal about this Diddy stuff
um she says and I think she's not been
proven to be wrong yet but I could be
wrong about that so she has some kind of
Insider knowledge she claims for that
world for over many years so not just a
glimpse of the world but claims to have
been you know kneed deep in the whole
situation not guilty but close enough to
know what's true and what's not and
jaguar Wright uh who's a woman who's a I
don't know I think she might have been a
rapper at one point says uh the K Harris
ties to Diddy and his
parties and uh now again I would mention
this because she's running for president
and somebody who's in a public figure
has made a suggestion so the story that
I'm telling you is that somebody's
making an accusation this the story I'm
not telling you is that commonly haris
did anything
inappropriate no evidence of that none
right one person speculating throws down
a juicy name in a political
season I'm going to put the odds of K
Harris specifically being involved in
something illegal or inappropriate with
a diddy
party close to zero that'd be my guess
close to zero
so anyway Obama might have some extra
things to explain but we'll find
out again that's not based on any
evidence that's just based on VI but
they're all innocent till proven guilty
speaking of that um politician in France
Marine Leen she's now on trial for
allegedly misusing uh EU money now if
she's convicted she's going to go to
jail for 10 years and be banned from
public office for 10 years now there was
a time and not that long ago where if I
saw a story like this I'd say well you
know innocent to proven guilty but you
know you know
they're not really going to bring the
charge unless they've got the evidence
right so probably guilty probably guilty
but not proven so innocent until proven
but probably that that's how I would
have thought of it what do you think
about it now it's
2024 you've watched massive lawfare
against politicians especially Trump do
you automatically think that Marine Leen
did something illegal just because she's
on trial and has a 10year sentence and a
ban from politics looking that she's
looking at no as Mike Ben helpfully
notes you can tell with 100% certainty
whether a politician will be criminally
prosecuted in a NATO country simply by
whether that country's Ministry of
Foreign Affairs has
insinuated that uh that politician is a
threat to Nato so apparently if you're a
politician who is a threat to Nato
you're going to get
lawed is it a
coincidence could this be the one case
where the person who you'd expect to get
lawed actually did a
crime you know maybe anything's possible
but I'm going to go a little further
than presumption of
innocence I'm going to say presumption
of a crime by the government of
France um my presumption is that the
Department of Justice or whatever in
France is uh corrupt now I don't have
proof of that but in this context that's
my starting and working
assumption that the government or Andor
their judicial system is corrupt and
that Marine Leen probably did not do
anything illegal don't know and if the
facts change I'll update you and tell
you I was wrong but I'm with Ben on this
one this smells completely
wrong it smells a little
trumpian meanwhile speaking of wrong uh
c means which is the name of a person um
is talking about the
CDC it says the CDC created an
Associated nonprofit
Foundation that enables the agency to
take money from
Pharma and in the last 10 years fizer
and MC and some other companies have
paid over a hundred million dollar to
this nonprofit
foundation and there there are hundreds
of companies making direct bribes so
Cali means is calling them
bribes um I'd like to know more about
this but why would the CDC set up a
nonprofit Foundation to take in a100
billion do where exactly does that money
end up it sounds a little
briish but if that money ends up doing
something that they can you know they
can prove that the money went to
something good that's different but
again what's your first
impression yeah your your first
impression
is that CDC is up to to no good all
right so the dock worker strike is on
the long shoreman this will have an
effect on the supply chain in the United
States but worse the long shoran strike
is happening at the same time
that if Israel attacks Iran uh in any
meaningful
way Iran has said that it might respond
by maybe turning off the oil in the
Middle East because they could you know
bomb some Western supporting military
facilities not military um oil
facilities
so um I would tell you to stock up I
wouldn't
panic I wouldn't panic but stock up so
I'd make sure that you at least have
some white rice you know stuck away
somewhere don't get the brown rice that
doesn't last but white rice will last
practically
forever um so make sure you've got a
little bit of some of the basics in the
house but I wouldn't panic I do think
we're going to get a
squeezed I I would be surprised
I would be I would be surprised if we
don't get pinched on our supply chain
really
fast all right um Doug mhof is being
blamed by The Daily Mail publication The
Daily Mail uh they say he slapped his
ex-girlfriend forcefully for flirting at
an event now that would have been the
nanny I guess that was when he was
married previously and there was a nanny
and they went to some event and the
nanny was allegedly flirting with
somebody else while drunk and allegedly
Doug mof forcefully slapped
her now if that story had fallen in the
news about a
republican candidate or family member
would you believe
it do you believe that he forcefully
slapped his girlfriend cuz she flirted
with somebody when you see Doug
mhof can you see him in a wife beater
shirt and he's got a beer in one hand
he's just like slapping the hell out of
people I don't know I'm going to say
this looks a little too much like an
October story where if I had to bet on
it I'd bet it never
happened doesn't mean it didn't happen
but I'm going to go with Innocent to
proven guilty on this one um it doesn't
feel right
like it doesn't have the vibe of
something that's likely to have happened
but you know you can't read minds and
alcohol was involved right alcohol was
involved
so but uh it didn't make me like KL
Harris less um you know how I was saying
that it would be great to have a vice
president who you knew could take a
strong stand of something was going
wrong wouldn't it be great to have a
first husband who could slap the
out of Kam Harris if she decided to go
for equity and pass a reparations Bill
and uh keep us in
Ukraine all right I'm joking nobody
should slap anybody that's wrong it's
inappropriate no slapping no
violence but it would be funny if he's a
slapper uh my my knowledge of human
beings is that once a slapper always a a
slapper if he's a
slapper he's probably a slapper if he's
not a slapper he's not a
slapper but he wouldn't I don't think
it's something you would limit to one
relationship so maybe I'm going to say
probably
not well Iran lobbed uh I don't know
maybe 200 missiles or so into Israel
Israel shot most of them down some of
them landed on
nothing um but there you know the the
reporting from that area is all weird
and mixed and hard to believe um some
are saying that Israel won't do a full
invasion they'll only do a targeted
invasions after some Hezbollah stuff in
Lebanon others say it might be closer to
a full invasion but again the news out
of the area and the speculation is all
not
reliable
um but apparently Israel is
said that it plans to
respond and it's going to hit uh that
they might respond against Iran's
nuclear or oil
facilities now Iran said that if their
nuclear if their oil facilities I guess
specifically are targeted uh it will
destroy all the refineries in Saudi
Arabia and the Gulf
States
so that would be bad
now and they also have the option of
closing the straight of Hormuz which
would cut off 21% of the uh the planet
soil
so the question is who's bluffing and
who's not will will Israel do something
that's a major attack on
Iran to make sure they don't do it again
or will they try to deescalate
so they can focus on
Hezbollah I think they might do
something that's forceful but just under
the line where Iran has to act again so
it's not t for T like if each person who
responds takes it down a
notch then you can end it pretty quickly
that at least the back and forth but if
each each person who responds takes it
up a notch well you're in for it so
Israel might take it down a notch from
200 into you know 200 uh missiles coming
in I don't know what that would look
like you know maybe they take out some
leader one person something like
that uh and I don't know the degree to
which these refineries are all just easy
targets they might be easy targets but
they might have you know their own uh
defenses already around them I don't
know um
but we'll keep an eye on that now a
story I heard that's not confirmed in my
mind is that the reason it's going to
take a long time to get the power back
on on in America where the uh flood
knocked out the power is that a lot of
our big uh Power devices have been given
to Ukraine because there's there's keep
getting blown up is that true is it true
that we won't have electricity in part
of the United States because we gave
away our extras to
Ukraine I'm not sure that kind of a
story is even you know is credible but I
hate to find out if that was true that
would be a big problem all
right I'm going to end on this thought I
saw a video from Jason Silva on acts and
uh it's a fascinating video in which he
has a long conversation
philosophical and Technical with an AI
but here's what came out of it what if
AI is a mirror that your Consciousness
built to see
itself think about
that what if
AI is something your
subconscious made you invent in other
words made humans invent because your
subconscious could couldn't couldn't
understand
itself have you ever noticed that you
don't understand your own Consciousness
it's one of the most confusing things
like why do we have
Consciousness like what's up with that
and like why do we seem to have a
Consciousness that's not
like animals or plants you know they
have some form but we have some
different form and I love this thought
and I've said this before that when you
look at the AI models you can see that
they do something like
intelligence without having
Consciousness that is holding up a
mirror to your own
Consciousness and so the way that we'll
understand our own minds is by building
Ai and then looking at it from the
outside because you can't look into into
your own mind so well but you can build
something that's like your mind and then
look at it and say whoa I built
something that's like my mind is it's
like a mirror now so you're looking at
your own Consciousness through the AI
it's kind of an interesting thought and
it is how I think of it by the way
that's exactly how I think of
it all right
well I think that's all I have to cover
today so I'm going to remind you that
the Dilbert 2025 calendar is available
for pre-sale if I didn't tell you this
will be the first calendar where there's
a comic on the front and a comic on the
back of each page for example there'd be
a classic one
here um talking
about well yes that's actually a reborn
it's pretty naughty so you'll have a
naughty naughty ones on one side maybe
PG-13 not that naughty maybe not even
PG-13 maybe
PG um and then the classic ones on the
back so twice as many comics for the
first time ever and you can buy only at
the dilbert.com link to the sales page
it will not ever be available ever on
Amazon it's how I can make it in the
United States long story but also very
hard to find but the new update to wind
bigley is now available on Amazon so
this one's on Amazon but the calendar
you got to go to dil.com to find the
link all right now this is a update to
wind bigly that's already been published
and it talked about how Trump won in
2016 using persuasion so if you would
like to learn persuasion and also learn
to recognize it in the wild uh this is a
book for you it's very well received by
the way um it is considered considered
the classic book about the 2016 election
and persuasion you're going to love it
it's a great read all right that's all I
got for you I'm going to talk to the uh
local
subscribers privately but the rest of
you thanks for joining on YouTube and x
and Rumble you're amazing all right
localism coming at
you
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e
e for