[Applause]
good morning everybody welcome to
another day of coronavirus theater
except it's real it's really real yeah
we're gonna get through this and one of
the ways we're gonna get through it is
by enjoying the simultaneous F because I
believe all the studies are coming in
that the simultaneous it can protect you
from infection by the coronavirus seems
seems unlikely
I know but yes if you enjoy the
simultaneous sip with me
you're practically guaranteed to be
invulnerable from the coronavirus none
of that's true but we're living in a
world where half of the things I see on
social media are wrong so take it with a
grain of salt hello bill good to see you
and all you need is a cover of margaret
glass of tanker chelators Diana can't a
doctor flask a vessel of any kind and
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee enjoy me now for the unparalleled
pleasure the dopamine to end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous it go mmm by the way do you
catch that little thing that that Trump
influenced me to do there's a there's a
choice of words that I use there that's
straight from Trump it's one that it's
one of my favorite little little
speaking things he does he'll assign a
nickname or brand somebody and then
he'll say it's called and I started
doing that and then somebody says the
Dow is way up let's check on that well
well well that was way up
oh there will be cursing if you're
wondering if you're wondering if I
changed my mind
oh no I did not because as far as I know
the Congress has not yet passed the bill
we'll check on that in a moment
I mean could happen any moment BSO seems
that our stock market has decided to
find a little optimism and I believe
that the stock market is correct there
is room for optimism this will be your
worst weekend your best be the best week
simultaneously that's right you're gonna
hear some no I can't
sorry this will be the best weekend the
worst week meaning that you're gonna
hear some insanely positive things and
some really bad stuff it's all gonna
happen this week but we're gonna turn
the corner you're in the elbow I call it
the elbow with a curve you know where
you're going flat flat flat flat flat
but you reach the elbow and then do you
know what that what's ahead of you it
was good stuff so where they we're in
the middle of the elbow right now and we
are guaranteed to get some good stuff
allow me to test the awesome power of
social media in a way I've never done
before it goes like this there is a
unexpected problem with delivery of some
of the protective equipment I'm talking
about masks and gallons and stuff so in
an amazing display of not just
patriotism but humanity and ingenuity
and everything that's good about people
people everywhere rose up and said how
can I help so there are little factories
converting in this country and other
countries and and middlemen trying to
find connections to connect the people
who are making stuff to the people who
are buying it and that sounds all good
right but the problem is there's too
much of it and the people who have to
are not capable you know they're not
really in the even experienced so if
somebody came to you and you work for
some government agency who needs to buy
some equipment and somebody comes to you
and says I know a guy who's got a
factory in a country you've never been
to you and and can you give me a bunch
of money and I'll make you some asks
well what do you do with that especially
if you've got 25 of them like how can
you tell which ones are real you know
because you know there's gonna be a
certain number of scammers right I mean
that's guaranteed they'll they'll be new
people promising things they can't
deliver they get your check they
disappear after the crisis so it's a
real problem you can't just throw money
at people in a crisis because you even
get a lot of bad actors so what do you
do so I have this specific problem that
I'm trying to solve this morning and
it's this I've got a credible source
somebody somebody I know who you know I
have strong credibility with in other
words somebody who's not lying to me who
has a source and can put them on at our
back on Friday so in two days I could
have a bunch of n95 masks on an airport
in in the Northeast but we can't because
we can't get a check and I doubt they're
going to ship without a check so the
politicians we're looking at it can't
make a decision and it's not their fault
they're they're not skilled at this they
don't know how to vet a sudden spring up
of a foreign factory with a stranger no
you know no track record how are they
held as a politician gonna make that
decision so here's what I'm asking for I
will connect you with a person that in
my opinion is highly credible and you
can you can look into yourself I need a
check for 3.1 million dollars to
guarantee a big load of masques land on
Friday and then keep coming from this
source now can I personally guarantee
that you would not lose your three point
million dollars I cannot I cannot
so this it's a it's a risky proposition
you could do your own due diligence find
out about the person involved make sure
you get pictures of the factory actually
producing them you know standing next to
the person whose shows up in the
correspondence you know in a few hours
you could convince yourself that whether
it works or not you know there's lots of
unknowns but you could convince yourself
that the people are real there's a real
factory there really making them they
can really get them here if you're a
billionaire and you're willing to take
some risky short-term thing because you
know this is a short-term sort of a a
bridge loan if you will because once the
buyers in the and the supplier are
connected they make their own money but
they'd like to get it on our soil
so for 3.1 million dollars you can put a
bunch of masks on on American soil from
another country and and then it will
work out how to get them somewhere
because if if you're the person who's
trying to decide who can deliver you
don't have to wonder about the person
who just delivered right I mean if if
the if the crates are sitting on the
tarmac in America at least you can trust
that guy can get you some more masks
right so that that's the ask it's a
gigantic ask it's big
if you're not a billionaire probably
don't consider this because I don't I
can't tell you you're gonna get your
money back can't tell you that but it's
an emergency and I'll put that out there
now I'm going to try you know through
some private channels as well and maybe
there are other people having similar
problems the problem is going to be this
credibility thing right so if there's
anybody who has a way too short to
shortcut the credibility problem in any
way either maybe you could say you can
imagine this somebody could just
guarantee it so you don't put up any
money but you say alright I'll sign it
I'll sign the document today that says
if this doesn't get delivered you know
I'll cover your costs or something like
that so you could imagine creatively
finding a way to shortcut that all right
so enough of that
here's a problem that I just learned
about the other day this he was really
big so your your big hospitals have a
lot of teach student doctors and by
student doctor I mean somebody who could
have graduated in May and there's so
they're this close to being an actual
doctor and they have essentially all of
the doctor skills they just don't have
that diploma because it's not May they
had to be pulled out of hospitals
because the teaching colleges couldn't
support them in the the crisis situation
because there's Honor there's an
insurance problem so tens of thousands
of people who are near doctors just they
don't have this certificate but they've
been working in the hospital got pulled
off the front line because of an
insurance problem needed to fix that
right you know and one can imagine that
the government could step in and say
okay temporarily all those student
doctors either can't be sued I suppose
you could do that you could just say if
you're a student doctor you're called
into action for the next three months no
matter what you do you can't be sued I
mean that would be the quickest way to
do it but I suppose you could also put
in money so that there's actual
insurance and then people just act like
doctors and if you do something wrong
maybe you do get sued but at least you
have insurance so that's a big problem
that needs to be fixed and literally can
free up just a lot of a lot of human
power there continues to be just really
horrible fake news on CNN it's still on
their website still a story and it goes
like this here's the actual text from
CNN President Trump continues continues
touting chloroquine a malaria drug II
believes might help fight against
coronavirus CNN's Sanjay Gupta explains
why that and other drugs that might be
effective against the virus need more
evidence here's the problem that's not
the drug that President Trump is
has good hopes in it's not chloroquine
is the generic older weaker form the
actual drug is a derivative this I'm not
a chemist so you know if I'm using their
own words forgive me but it's
hydroxychloroquine and it's not by
itself it's hydroxychloroquine with the
azithromycin and then I think in some
cases are all with zinc so if you
haven't studied those three it is
nonsense to say CN n it's nonsense to
say the president is pushing this other
drug that's in the same family but it's
a different drug and if you would look
at it by itself
apparently the evidence is weak and it's
the wrong drug anyway so if you're
watching CNN say Trump is pushing a drug
that's not tested look carefully for the
word they use are they saying
chloroquine which he's not promoting
although you know earlier on there were
some some suggestion that it worked or
is he pushing I hydroxychloroquine in
combination with the z-pak or
erythromycin and zinc because there is a
memo memo I guess or a letter from a
doctor so here's some new information a
doctor in New York tweeted 350 patients
because he's in the hot spot somewhere
in New York 350 patients and wrote up
his experience using the the recommended
let's call it the the Trump Trump pack
the Trump pack which is the
hydroxychloroquine not the chloroquine
but the hydroxychloroquine plus as a
thermos n' and zinc and he reported that
n of 350 people he treated zero deaths
now apparently he was getting them early
so he wasn't waiting for wasn't waiting
for symptoms to get bad if they came in
and said you know it looks like it they
got the drugs zero hospitalizations 350
patients
zero hospitalizations zero deaths now
zero hospitalizations means zero
ventilators right now keep in mind this
was not a controlled test it's one
doctor who treated 350 people I think he
knew they had coronavirus I'm guessing
and and he got a result that would
clearly indicate that if that's
reproducible it would clearly indicate
that we can get back to work and we'll
talk about that all right
the range that I'm hearing for so the
medical experts and other experts are
weighing in but how long should we wait
before getting back to work and I'm
seeing estimates of some some experts
said that in wuhan in China
five to seven weeks of lockdown was was
necessary to really get on top of it
five to seven weeks but the president
has said that at the end of two weeks
you'll have some kind of decision now I
don't think he's made his mind up and
we'll talk about the options but it's
good to know there's a decision now let
me tell you one of the most important
concepts of economics now this the
swearing is coming oh it's coming but
we'll get there
so here's one of the most important
concepts in economics now you don't need
to study economics to get the easy stuff
such as you know some costs you can
ignore in the future that kind of thing
here's another one
economies like certainty now you say to
yourself well duh doesn't everybody like
certainty what economies really like
certainty I mean really really really
like certainty so if you have a
situation where you have this choice
saying I don't know when we'll open up
I'll let you know when we know very very
bad for an economy even if it's true
completely true oh gosh I don't know
when we can open up we're just gonna
have to wait and see that is death to an
economy now compare that to we're going
to be out of this in four weeks and it's
not true it's just not true but your
leader says to you we're gonna be out of
this in four weeks now when you get to
the end of the four weeks might you
reconsider well of course that's what
everybody does a month from now you
should reconsider every part of your
life all the time you know everything's
changing all the time a month from now
do you still want the same job is your
exercise routine good markets like in
economies like certainty now you don't
want random certainty that you know is
just BS but you're willing to take a
little bit of BS because you know
everybody else is going to take it and
that gives you the illusion of certainty
and it keeps your economy on track so
president Trump master of psychology in
my opinion he's got this interesting
balancing thing because I guarantee you
that Trump knows what I just said Trump
knows that certainty makes the economy
work and here's the key thing the
economy would rather definitely have bad
news then maybe have good news if you
don't understand that you're missing the
the importance of certainty certain bad
news that we can figure out how to solve
is better for an economy then well could
be great I don't know maybe some good
stuff out here can't really define it I
don't know what's gonna could be good
could be bad we don't know that's death
so at the end of the second week the
president has promised you something
closer to that certainty I don't know if
all observers understand how right that
is
because if he went too early and said
you know I'm gonna tell you right now
we're gonna open three weeks or whatever
you wouldn't believe it would you did
you'd say I don't know we haven't
watched this enough we haven't seen
enough we haven't watched the other
countries enough we haven't studied
enough we don't know enough but at the
end of the second week you're gonna be
in a little bit more of a gray area and
you're gonna say to yourself yeah I feel
like given the trade offs you certainly
have lots of uncertainty but let's call
it let's call the time we're going back
to work or at least you know call the
phased approach back to work but let's
add some certainty which we can change
later all right it's not real certainty
it's let's say it's functional certainty
the real kind is where you really
believe in you're really right the
functional kind is that the kind the
economy needs the economy needs the
experts and the politicians to say you
know it's going to be three weeks and
it's okay if somebody says and in three
weeks a bunch of people are going to die
we're gonna lose a bunch of money we're
pretty sure about it remember bad news
that you're sure about and you know how
to deal with it you know how to get to
the other side is not nearly as damaging
as well we just don't know what's going
on
so get your certainty the president has
promised that it is exactly right he is
going to have the toughest job in the
world and I hope history I hope history
understands this I hope history
understands that our president is going
to make decision with you know you'll be
talking to everybody the governors and
the experts and everything but
ultimately it's going to be a
presidential decision and he's going to
have to appear him to this morass of you
know experts who may or may not agree
he's gonna have to look at the economy
he's gonna have to just feel the
zeitgeist of the country it's what he
does best right if you wanted one
president you thought was most tapped
to the zeitgeist the answer German word
for you know how people are feeling at
the same time he's the guy nobody's more
tapped in you know it has a direct
pipeline of public sentiment than this
president he's very tapped in so that's
good news
he has a business background which means
he has overruled
experts a lot I don't want to tell you
all the times I've overruled experts
medical financial legal alright so I
don't know how to say this without
sounding like a douchebag so I'm just
going to do it anyway it's an emergency
so you don't mind me sounding like a
douche bag for now forgive me in advance
I operated a pretty high level of
business because I have to the the
Dilbert Enterprise is a pretty big
operation and it has been and so I make
a lot of big business decisions and I've
got a lot of expertise plus my own life
I've made quite a few medical decisions
with and without medical experts and I
got to tell you that if you're operating
at the higher levels you're not taking
the advice of experts on face value it
just doesn't happen at Trump's level as
a just operating the Trump universe and
doing his job before he was president I
guarantee you he he had to manage the
advice of experts and when I say manage
it I mean sometimes take it and
sometimes not and sometimes have to be
the referee of different competing
experts so he has exactly the right
talents tack and skill set for
negotiating a situation where you don't
understand everything the experts
understand that's the nature of experts
but you still have to negotiate a
decision he's kind of perfect for this
he really is his BS detector is as good
as anybody's and he has just the right
amount of credibility which some people
would I'm sorry not credible
he has just the right right amount of
skepticism which his critics say is too
much yeah they're gonna say he's anti
science not believing the experts but
you know it's just right to me it's it's
just right to me somebody says Scott's
technical IQ less than 100 well we don't
need you doing goodbye and let's talk
through some of the some of the factors
so here's another fact about deadlines
if your president says and and I hope he
does on this day we're gonna start a
phased approach back to work I don't
think he's gonna say everybody go back
to work that's not gonna happen this can
be phased and here's another
psychological fact people like deadlines
not just in the psychological way that I
said that the economy likes to know have
certainty even if it's bad news they
like certainty but people respond to
deadlines like crazy it's just it's the
most universal management of fact if the
president says on X day these people are
going to go back to work and the medical
community says as I imagine some of them
will know it's there's just no way we
can handle that the disease will kill us
all or whatever they're going to say you
will be surprised how much ingenuity and
hard work can be packed into whatever
time the president says this needs to be
done so in an emergency and when we're
all focused and when the best of us are
taking the lead and I think that's
largely the case and an emergency the
best people they take the lead even if
you don't ask them they just take the
lead so the best people on earth working
as hard as they can to a presidential
deadline even if that deadline is not
based on what the experts are telling
him it should be and it probably won't
be watch how those experts work to the
deadline
you're gonna be amazed are you gonna be
amazed so here are some thumb some
things that we could do if we're gonna
phase in the back to work and this just
to give you a flavor of that I can't say
I either thought too hard about it but
here are the different risk factors so
you can imagine some kind of phased
approach in which we take into
consideration that we don't have the
same risk profile now everything kind of
depends on the hydrochloric weaned and
as if through Meissen zinc combination
being effective as this one doctor with
his one study let's not call it a study
let's call it his experience it's
anecdotal if that bears out and we're
seeing good evidence that it might then
we've got a good we've got a pretty good
plan out it looks like this people who
do not have any kind of an income
they've got to be at the top of the line
all right now some of them won't have
the kind of jobs that they can go back
to some of them have a underlying health
problem and we just got to give them
money to get by and so that's what the
government is working on oh there will
be swearing there will be cursing it's
coming but there are other people such
as myself such as there might be seniors
who have Social Security but there have
a part-time job and you can imagine
saying okay if you have some income you
know you can at least get a check and
buy some groceries maybe you're not the
top priority but this isn't the only the
only factor you want to look at people
who could potentially isolate maybe they
drive to work in their car that nobody
else ever gets into they can keep a
social distance depending on the kind of
job so the kind of job and whether you
can isolate it's got to be important if
you're unhealthy you've got a better
chance of not dying if you're already
recovered and and tests have proven that
you have it and you're done I'm still
not the expert on an immunity but I have
to think he gives you a better chance
now I think we don't know enough about
how much or what kind of
unity will let the experts decide on
that I'm just putting it up here as the
things that will be looked at hospital
capacity has to be important let's say
you open up in a in a certain location
and their hospital it hasn't been
impacted yet
well maybe you can experiment a little
bit there maybe you can be a little bit
looser a little bit in a place this
still has plenty of hospital capacity
and a little bit tighter where it
doesn't it looks like outdoors is way
safer than indoors there's there's a
body of evidence that's coming together
from past pandemics as well as this one
that being inside where you're sharing
air is the worst thing that could happen
and being outside probably helps
apparently before there were antibiotics
pandemics were handled at least partly
by outdoor tents so they would literally
just take people out in the Sun put your
your treatment you know outside in the
air and the Sun didn't have to be in
direct sunlight but at least outdoors
and apparently the outdoors is really
bad for viruses so it's not a cure but
you can certainly reduce the amount of
the problems by it outdoors so imagine
if you will that the president says yeah
you can open your restaurant but tables
have to be X feet apart servers have to
wear gloves and masks and all service
has to be outdoors or takeout
a lot of restaurants could actually open
outdoors the the ones in my town for
example a lot of them have you know a
little bit of outdoor seating but you
could easily imagine how they we could
temporarily say oh just extend it to the
sidewalk people are gonna have to walk
around in the streets but there isn't
much traffic anyway so you could imagine
people getting flexibility to do outdoor
dining because the weather's starting to
change not in your town maybe but in
California you could start already the
availability of testing how much there
is and where it is what would be a
factor your distance from outbreaks if
you're someplace that hasn't had one yet
maybe you get a little more flexibility
I would also factor in your family
isolation
you know if you're going to work
somewhere are you bringing something
back to a family of five in a in a 2,000
square foot home that's not good or do
you live alone or do you live in a home
where you're you have one senior but
they're really in their own part of the
house and they're safe if you live alone
and you drive alone and you can get some
separation maybe you're top of the line
because you're not even bringing it home
how replaceable are you I hate to say it
that way but you know if you're a manual
laborer and somebody can easily do your
job well maybe you go to work as long as
we've got the the good meds that can
keep you alive should you get something
because you're replaceable I hate to use
that but if you're just laborer we can
find somebody to do some just labor all
right
it's cruel but that's the and then the
availability of the meds and the
protective gear if you live in a town
where your hospital doesn't have many
patients but also it doesn't have much
protective gear or ventilators maybe
maybe that puts you toward the end of
the list so I saw I forget which senator
it was who went on television was on
Tucker's show and I like the guy meaning
that I liked his attitude and and his
attitude was he was 70 was just turning
70 you can remind me in the comments I
mean if you saw the show who the who the
politician was it was congressman or
senator I can't remember and he was
saying you know that the that the
grandparents are willing to take a risk
to get the economy going so he was
saying hey you know if I can be part of
the productive economy I'm 70 I'm at
risk I'm gonna take the risk and he was
he was making the argument that
grandparents would rather die than ruin
the world for the young and he was
saying look you know if I got to die to
keep the economy going so that my
grandparents have a place to live or
grandkids I'm the place to live I'll
sign up for that
wrong wrong wrong yes it was a Texas AG
Ken Paxton people are telling me in the
comments here's my comment wrong wrong
wrong wrong wrong everything about that
is wrong I love the attitude I like the
guy Dan Patrick I guess in Texas so my
appreciation of the person is sky-high
because literally he just said I will
risk my life for other Americans I love
the guy but it's the wrong strategy do
you want your 70 year olds clogging up
the ICU rooms and ventilators because
they were brave let's be honest and how
much of the 70 year olds adding to the
economy including Dan Patrick Dan
Patrick can work from home it's that
kind of a job I don't want him to go
into work do you want Dan Patrick to
take up an ICU room if he can stay home
and and work for them no you don't so
his bravery his attitude I love I love
that guy his strategy dead wrong dead
wrong we should discourage brave
grandparents because they're gonna be
brave you know there's a lot of people
you know they're veterans people went
through the war people have done
everything people not afraid to die but
we're not gonna let them die which means
that they would take up hospital space
for other people bad bad idea to let the
70 year old say anytime soon until we
got a much better handle on this so Dan
Patrick that's I believe that was it was
love you man totally love you but it's
not the strategy we need it's not good
for us all right
let's see I you know somebody's trying
to hack one of my social media accounts
this morning and the reason I know is
because I keep getting password change
requests and and I thought to myself
couldn't you fix that by telling me what
their guesses were if somebody is trying
to hack you know just guess my password
and I can
these these notices and somebody's
trying to do it should they also tell me
what the guesses were because if the
guesses look random I'm gonna be like
they're so you maybe somebody thought it
was the wrong account or something but
if the guesses are anywhere in the
neighborhood of like something that
looks like somebody knows me I want to
shut that crap down right away
so this is just a message to social
media people if you could tell me what
the guesses were so that I know how much
risk all right so the Chinese seem to be
going all-in on blaming the u.s. for the
corona virus or at least escaping
escaping blame I've been saying since
the beginning that I don't like the
phrase Chinese virus because if it even
raises the question of you are you being
racist why why cause that trouble right
why cause that trouble why would you do
it and but then I revised my feeling
about that when I realized China was
trying to blame the u.s. and then the
president was just branding them back
now it's it's your freakin virus it's a
Chinese virus and I've decided to just
go all-in
I'm all-in on Chinese virus until China
stops if if China decides our okay it
was us we will stop blaming you for that
that's the last time I'll ever use that
phrase because I find it a little bit as
offensive and I always see any reason to
offend Americans who have some Chinese
and ancestry I see no reason to offend
Chinese citizens we're just trying to do
the best they can but man your
government if you're gonna brand us with
us it's coming back so it's it's the
Chinese flu it's the Chinese virus to me
until they stand out all right let's
talking about some of the options that
the government is talking about for
phasing in now
I'm gonna do something obnoxious and
only the people who are new to this
periscope will will see it as obnoxious
because you don't have the context I'm
gonna brag about telling you something
before other people told you now the
context is that's specifically what I do
on these periscopes I make predictions
and then later I say oh I was totally
wrong or I got that one right and see if
we learn anything right so when I
bragged about getting something right
just just know that if I got wrong I
would also tell you and that's part of
the process so don't judge me as being
an egomaniac or anything it's just part
of the process you should be watching to
see if I can predict better than other
people and part of that process is me
telling you when I got it right who else
told you that this was not yes no go
back to work but that it would be a
Phase two process in which we would
intelligent ly assign risks to different
categories and that we'd start going
back to work you know but probably the
seniors and that risk people will be the
last to go who else told you that that
was gonna happen I think I was the first
right now just keep that in mind and add
it to your tally if you're keeping
keeping track so I can see this coming
from a mile away if you didn't maybe you
should listen to my periscopes more so
here are the some of the options being
discussed let's see if we have a
favorite I took this off of I guess Fox
News reporting one option is phasing in
younger people people under 40 and
keeping other people out so that would
just be simple under 40 go back to work
so that's one option another option is
to keep in place restrictions only on
the vulnerable and the seniors like
nursing homes but allow everybody else
to return so the other option is you can
go back to work unless you're clearly in
these you know vulnerable and nursing
homes or you're older or you have you
know underlying conditions I guess
a third plan would say the Trump would
lift the federal guidelines but let the
governor's work it out so it's sort of
they you know lift the guidelines maybe
give some extra guidance but let the
governors decide what makes sense in
each county etc not bad
a fourth idea is to keep in place some
federal guidelines but change others to
give States more leeway so there's you
know all kinds of hybrid and one or
other ideas two specific types of
workers to return to work including you
know people who have risk profiles you
can say I'm gonna I'm gonna weigh in all
right so here's how I think we should go
I think our federal government in
working with the experts should
categorize our risk in the cleanest
graphic way they can I need a one-pager
this says if you know here's your
checklist you do the checklist and then
add up the numbers and maybe they're
weighted so you know if you check that
your 85 with you know lung cancer you
know that's a hundred points and you're
just that you just stay home so imagine
they're weighted answers but it's just a
checklist you say okay I'm under 40 I'm
healthy you know et cetera and you just
say if you filled out this checklist and
you got a score under five or whatever
it is you're cleared now keep the
checklist with you if if somebody comes
into your place of business and says can
I see your checklist be prepared to show
it to them might be police or health
authorities etc be prepared to show it
but it's not a it's not a license you're
not going to go to jail you know
everybody's making individual decisions
but I think your police and officials
might want to flag you and say you know
your your checklist you don't have a
checklist go home and get one or you
know we would encourage you not to do it
etc but I think the federal government
probably should only go so far as to
categorize risk
and then maybe let the governors decide
you know which counties you know are
appropriate etc so I think it's going to
be some kind of a hybrid where the where
the federal government changes its
guidelines but keeps them in place
there's guidelines in place and then the
states get to choose a little bit from
the guideline so I think it'll look
something like that but I think we need
a little more a little more gradation on
the checklist I don't think you can just
say under 40 over 40 you need a little
extra gradations there we can get there
been a lot of discussions about what you
can do to sterilize a mask if you had to
reuse it and the most current thing I
saw is some actual testing was done of
you know putting cleaning agents on the
mass etc and apparently some of the
cleaning agents on no expert here just
giving you a giving you a high overview
some of the cleaning agents will break
down the integrity of the mask but I
think it was isopropyl maybe something
else maybe not as quickly but you also
don't know if they do over time so that
the chemical treatments have a risk that
has been identified that can break down
the integrity of the mask sometimes
quickly maybe over time depends on the
chemical but it is suggested that the
one thing that has not been debunked is
heating it to a temperature that doesn't
hurt the structure of the mask the same
way the chemicals do but but kills all
the the bugs and the suggestion I'm not
a scientist I'm not recommending it
don't try it at home I'm just passing it
along so you know what people are
talking about the heating an oven at 150
degrees for 30 minutes would remove the
you know any risk from the mask except
that I don't know exactly what it does
to the integrity of the mask you know do
we know that 158 degrees for 30 minutes
in an oven do we know that doesn't
affect the integrity so apparently it
was tested and the
reports are that that would be the one
that would be the highest the highest
probability of giving you a the safest
reusable mask but don't take my word for
any of this these are all preliminary I
don't think any of the studies you know
meet the means scientific rigor yet but
these are just indications all right
let's talk about oh the government is
looking at your back stopping businesses
who might otherwise go into business and
here's the question I would ask
I saw it described as loans but then I
also heard some talk about the
government taking equity now shouldn't
we always take equity why would we ever
do a loan I guess each situation is
different maybe some don't have it could
be that some don't have stock so you
don't have that option but for any
largest company that is public and has
stock why would the government not take
stock and and owed equity on behalf of
the public in return for taking a
failing company and turning it around
now what's interesting about the
government investing in something is
that when the government puts money into
a business it's probably going to make
it especially if the government is
making other changes to the economy in
the world that would make it successful
so having our government take equity I'm
a big fan of that because do you know
where the stock market is right now yes
you do it's very low if our government
had saved any of these stocks that are
in the toilet and just said all right
you know we'll take 5% of your stock but
we're going to keep you alive what would
that stock be worth two weeks from now
double you know I'm pretty sure the
government could double its money right
you know maybe not double it but let's
say 30 percent in the year I think the
government could make 30 percent in a
year simply by taking equity in these
bigger companies that have stock so if
we're not doing that I'd need an
explanation why
let's talk about the let's talk about
the bill I'm gonna I'm gonna check the
news see if there's a headline that says
we've got a bill that's passed because
you know I'd hate to be cursing for no
reason at all because taking an equity
stake creates an irresistible moral
hazard I believe that we have tested it
right did the government not take an
equity stake in Chrysler and maybe some
economic historians can give me other
examples but I think it's already been
tested and for a short term your use I
don't think anybody's seen a problem
with it but in fact check me on it it
looks like it does not look like our
Congress has acted so yeah is that right
looks like our companies have not acted
all right so here's my opinion on this
so you've seen the news that Democrats
apparently have tried to add some pork
to the bill Republicans say that's
what's killing it but at the same time
Democrats are saying that Republicans
are making this big slush fund it
doesn't have enough controls on it to
know where it's going let's say both of
them are right because I think they
probably are I think both sides are
right meaning that neither side is
acting responsibly in terms of the
construction of this bill now even the
president said I don't want to give
money to people that are just going to
do stock buybacks basically that's just
transferring it to management the
benefits so you know even the president
isn't seeing the Congress as giving a
Mobility consigned so let me say it as
clearly as possible under normal under
normal times non-emergency times
I could put up with quite a bit of pork
and I can put up with you know
shenanigans and stuff because you know
if you haven't ordered the argument in
favor of pork there actually is one
there's actually an argument in favor of
pork which is that the senators from the
states are trying to maximize what's
good for their state that's our system
each of the representatives get to
maximize what's good for the state and
fight for funding for their defense
industries and fight for funding for
their stuff so it's supposed to work
that way in other normal times if you've
got a funding bill and there's some
clever senator who can get some you know
pork in there to you know fund a
military base in their property we kind
of we kind of say we don't love it but
we can put up with it
alright so that's but that's in normal
times we're not normal times this we're
not in the time we're waiting a day is
okay because I will get to it tomorrow
we're not in those times we are in a
crisis situation in which every minute
makes a pretty big difference we it's a
very unusual situation most problems
I've got a long term nagging chronic
problems and I'll get to it tomorrow
we don't have a get to it tomorrow kind
of a world at the moment at the moment
we have politicians both Democrats and
Republicans who we're not giving us what
everybody knows we need which is
immediate financial relief and checks to
people who don't have a paycheck this
week and as I watch this I say to myself
well surely the people behind this will
pay some price for so grotesquely and
obviously not doing the people's bitung
and so I look to the news and say okay
who are the names of these people give
me some names because these people need
to lose their jobs they need to be fired
because they're not doing the job of the
people not even close right and so I
look to the news and it's like Democrats
say this and Republicans say that and I
say
well okay yeah that helps me a little
but I don't like either side at the
moment give me a name and then you know
you see tweets and you know
representative Crenshaw you know saying
you know look at what these Democrats
are trying to do and I look at that and
they go okay that's great that's that's
good context I'm glad you told me what
are the names if the only name we're
gonna get is McConnell you know Schumer
and Pelosi that's not good enough that's
not good enough because even if they
lost their jobs there are a lot of
 left so let me put it in the
starkest possible my way this would be
the time to send your children away if
you have children who are home I would
ask you to either turn down the sound
put on your headphones or send them out
of the room I'll give you a moment the
people in Congress whose names we don't
have we need if the press doesn't give
us names of people who are gonna vote
for this pork or who tried to put the
pork in there by today by today our
press is absolutely worthless
because this is an emergency I don't
need to know the name of the party I
know what a Democrat is I don't even
need to know the name of the leader
humor Pelosi I don't give a about
them right now I want to know whose ass
I'm gonna get fired I want to know who's
a trying to put this
 in there and the country as
hard as they can for whatever game
locally whoever it is you don't have
your priorities straight and
we're going to straighten them out for
you so as I said from the very beginning
of this crisis this is not a spectator
sport anymore you're in the game you
might not want to be in the game nobody
does I don't think but you're in the
game and if your leaders are not doing
the job this is not a spectator sport
you need to target them for
destruction and it has to happen today
so let's create a list give me the names
of people tell me what state what what
leader put that in the bill I don't want
to I don't don't give me a list
that there's pork in the bill I don't
care about the pork in the bill
or no name I want to put it in there
tell me you put it in there let's make a
list
now let's target them for destruction I
don't care which party Republican
Democrat independent they got to
go these are people who are not Patriots
they're not servants of the people
they're not even human beams
they're right now they're
 and they need to go and they
need to go right away now you know don't
need to fire them this week but we
needed to make a list and we got to make
a point like I said you know there are
million times
voters have been mad mad about this
thing because you know you didn't get me
the tax cuts I will target you for
destruction and some people care and
some people don't and then the incumbent
gets elected usually this isn't like
those situations this is a situation in
which we all know we need to be a little
bit flexible and that we have to have
one goal which is to keep us alive and
keep this economy moving if you need to
feel like you debt add some pork to that
bill well you you and
your job because you're not going to
have it very long give me the list press
if you can give me the list I will I
will set these on fire
figuratively speaking we're not going to
hurt anybody but figuratively speaking
we are gonna torch these
 do it today this is not
tomorrow business this is today business
today if this is not past we have to go
nuts all right find out your
representative but first let's get some
names I need an idea a list of
that we can torch because this is
no longer I'll just say it again this is
not a spectator sport you you all need
to contact whoever it is who's holding
up the ball and just say look do
the job or you're fired
no doubt about it
wait let's remove the question of
whether they're fired you're
fired you're fired if you don't get this
done today and if we can't figure out
you know who it is who can't get it done
well then we got to go after all the
incumbents you know that's harder but
you know we've got to take a run at it
all right
I'm gonna relax the cursing for a moment
but I hope you join with me on this this
is not normal business your Congress is
failing right in front of you and you
have to take it to them you got to take
the fight right to them and not the
Democrats and not the Republicans give
me names
so it's not Democrat and Republican
anymore it's Democrat Republican and
I like Democrats I like Republicans I
like anybody who's helping but not
 all right just looking at my
notes to see if I covered it let me let
me read what this doctor who had the
good results with 350 patients said
specifically so the this is why he did
all right so given the urgency of the
situation
this was his guideline these were his
guidelines number one any patient with
shortness of breath regardless of age is
treated so in other words he didn't wait
for a test he just said okay those
symptoms look dangerous not going to
wait for a test I'm gonna treat you any
patient in the high-risk category even
with just mild symptoms is treated again
not waiting for the tests
treat them young healthy and low-risk
patients even with symptoms are not
treated unless their circumstances
change
so in order to preserve his his supply I
guess he didn't treat people with mild
symptoms and who were also young and
that his outpatient treatment after he
set him home so not hospitalized was
hydroxychloroquine 200 milligrams twice
a day for five days as if from Iceland
500 milligrams once a day for five days
and zinc sulfate 220 milligrams once a
day for five days and she said since
last Thursday my team has treated
approximately 350 patients in here yes
Jo Joelle I guess that's the town and
and another 150 nearby and of this group
so that's 350 plus 150 500 people of
this group zero deaths
zero hospitalizations zero intubations
meaning needing a ventilator in addition
I have not heard of any negative side
effects other than ten percent of the
people had nausea and diarrhea
yeah which for some of us that's just
every day and that he urgently urgently
treats people so here's what I think is
going to happen I think the we gotta
wait till the end of the week and
confirm that this doctor and other
doctors were trying this stuff are
really getting the result they say we
won't have full safety information but I
think it will become rapidly clear that
the trade-off of the risk of taking the
drug versus the risk of not taking the
drug it's going to be a hundred to want
you know I don't think anybody's going
to have any doubt about anything okay
so that's all I got for now is this
enough to drive you to vote Scott now
you know it isn't I'm a special case
because I don't want to be influenced by
being a member of the party or even
voting for a member of a party but the
rest of you should you shall you should
all vote somebody says $35,000 per super
sick person is cheaper than ruining the
economy well I don't know if that
estimate is correct but it's the wrong
 thing to compare because you're
comparing people dying to the to the
economy if you're saying how much does
it cost per death you're on why you're
not from territory they're all right I'm
mad today I hope you are too
let's give something done let's go after
the individuals and I'll talk to you
this afternoon or probably 10 p.m.
Eastern Time we'll try to get back on
7:00 7:00 p.m. Pacific talk to you later