pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here cuz you know
what time it is it's time for a coffee
with Scott Adams and if you're
well-prepared you already have with you
a cup a mug a glass a Stein a chalice
possibly a thermos I'd like to think
it's filled with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join me now for the
simultaneous sip simultaneous how about
simultaneous let's do it oh man there
are so much fun news today this will be
one of my best periscopes oh yes it will
be and I'll start with my invention I've
invented something but I'm too lazy to
get a patent so I'm going to talk about
it here and maybe somebody will patent
it so that I can have it as a product
have you noticed that some people have
trouble opening bottles of water
children the elderly anybody with any
kind of a problem if you have oily hands
sometimes it's hard to open these but
what if the bottom of each water
container where it's indented and
there's sort of a design in here what if
this was changed to match a distinct
shape of the cap because then if you had
two water bottles you could sit the
first one on top of the second the cap
of the one below would fit directly into
the hole that shaped the same way and
then you could twist it you're welcome
it's the best idea you've heard all day
so there's a there's news that nest a
subsidiary of Google neglected to tell
people that the nest thermostat device
that they had on the wall has a built-in
microphone
[Music]
and that's connected to the Internet
that's right Google with their nest
subsidiary put microphones in homes all
over the world
and didn't mention that they didn't
mention it now they did say that none of
them were activated and that the user
would have to activate it but it was a
microphone they put it in your house
connected to the Internet
it's gonna be hard to explain it but I'm
sure they will they say it's a mistake I
would say they're right all right what
else we got going on here let's talk
about nicknames so people have been
asking me about what nicknames President
Trump should use for his many Democratic
opponents he busted out I think he's
used this one before but crazy Bernie
and people said to me but what about
breadline Bernie
wouldn't that be better to which I say
no crazy bernie is the model that Trump
uses to success breadline Bernie would
be off-off model and not the kind of
nickname the president uses because it's
not that good a breadline is a concept
and not everybody knows the story
there's most of the people who are
opposing that Bernie know the story but
they're not the ones you want to
convince so breadline bernie is a bad
nickname but crazy birdy
every time you see him unkempt and
talking about socialism it's gonna make
you wonder well he's 77 he's got his
wild hair and his you know rumpled suit
and he's talking about stuff that
sounded a lot crazier before
so I would say that crazy birdy is that
better than nickname but I would like to
give birdy some respect as birdy has
noted he made a lot of commerce
conversations that were impossible to
have routine so the things that he was
asking about you know for health care
for all and free education etc those
things seemed crazy speaking of crazy
when he first was talking about them but
now because the Democrats have a even
further left view of things with the
green new deal
suddenly Bernie looks a lot more
mainstream so you have to give him
success or give him credit for taking
crazy ideas and moving them squarely
into the topic of conversation birdie
did that but that was him so you can't
take that away from them
all right one of my favorite stories
today is that clapper went on the Don
Lemon show and said that President Trump
is either it looks like he might be he
might be either a witting or unwitting
asset of Russia now what would it mean
to be an unwitting asset of Russia well
I think what it means is that you're
doing things that help Russia even
though that's not your intention do you
think that Russia is happy or unhappy
that James clapper went on CNN and that
Don Lemon and he talked about the
President of the United States being in
possibly illegitimate president and
maybe even a spy for Russia do you think
Putin enjoys that I think he does and so
Don Lemon and James clapper became at
the very least
unwitting essence of Russia with that
interview they they reduced the
credibility of the government to the
United States for no good reason to
accept political and who benefits most
by destabilizing the United States
Russia so I try to resist doing the the
obvious gotcha stuff with with politics
you know the obvious stuff is like oh
you did this but you're accusing me of
doing this but you did that too so I'm
gonna use the hypocrisy you know move on
you it's just sort of the boring obvious
stuff but quite literally Don Lemon and
James clapper reduced the credibility of
the government of the United States
specifically the commander in chief
without evidence to support it or at
least evidence that I would consider
valid well now when when Muller does his
report we can know for sure whether down
11 and James clapper were on a winning
on the winning
using James clapper zone work unwitting
assets of Russia and it looks like they
are I mean the if you had to put a bet
on it right now they are on the winning
assets of Russia trying to decrease the
credibility of the United States
government maybe you want some of the
worst things you've ever seen happen
yeah it would be hard to imagine what
would be a greater crime potential crime
potential crime against humanity all of
humanity because if you imagine that the
United States government lost
credibility what would be the outcome
well it could destabilize the United
States which could destabilize the world
so when somebody likes clapper goes on
TV and says something like President
Trump might be a witting or unwitting
asset of the Kremlin he's putting
the entire world in jeopardy for a
paycheck all right I won't assume he
does it for a paycheck that would be
assuming too much about his internal
thoughts I'll just talk about what he
did what he did was decrease the
credibility of the commander in chief of
the biggest military in the world
without really any solid evidence to
make that case solid in my opinion all
right an interesting thing is happening
in the zeitgeist do you know what the
zeitgeist is the zeitgeist is a word
they're pretty much only writers use if
you're not a professional writer you
have probably never used the word
zeitgeist it's something you put in
articles to make you look smart so that
other people have to look it up
so zeitgeist is a German word because
there's no American word that captures
the same meaning and what it means is
the the thoughts that everybody is
simultaneously having so the zeitgeist
is whatever common thoughts are sort of
springing up all all over the place at
the same time and there's something
really interesting about this jussie
Smollett event when viewed in context
and here's the context we had the the
Virginia issues with the blackface most
of the blackface stuff right
we had the Covington kids falsely
accused and then we had Jesse Smollett
we believe the best information
currently is that he may have unjustly
you know faked a crime now if you look
at any one of these things that is
happening in two independently they tell
you one story but if you start looking
at them collectively there's a very
interesting story that hasn't been told
and here's what it looks like
in my opinion the black and white
population of the United States
understands each other better than ever
before and that the past month or so is
a big part of that let me give you an
example it was very useful to be
reminded that there were two major adult
white politicians in Virginia who in the
80s wore black face and thought that was
okay now I don't want to give them to
the details of that I just want to say
that it reminded our public
consciousness of what it's like let's
say it to be a black person let's say if
you're not black the whole Virginia
thing was this just slap in the face
it's like okay racism isn't gone gone
you know not I don't think anybody who
claims that it's gone but it's a
reminder at the same time the Covington
kids situation was a reminder of how
easily we could be fooled about reality
it was also a reminder how easy it is to
accuse the other side on thin evidence
and then we had the smaller case in
which I think black observers of this
situation having watched the Covington
situation and now the the Jesse small at
the situation which also sparked a
number of outlets to list all of the
hoaxes that have have happened recently
it starts to create a picture of what
it's like to be a white person in
America which is a picture that I think
the black citizens of this country
hadn't quite seen this way before so
there's something about the last several
weeks of hoaxes and there's the Virginia
situation which are not hoaxes but they
all are influencing the sight
Geist they're collectively making us
feel different that we felt before and
the way I feel it is that stop me if I'm
wrong you know I'll look for a fact
check on this is it true that black
Americans and white Americans have just
figured out in the last month that
they're both being absolutely screwed by
the illegitimate media in other words
it's becoming more clear what it's like
to be the other it's also clear there's
a common enemy the media the media's
business model requires them to keep
people worked up against each other
that was always something that the smart
people knew the people who really pay
attention the people who study the media
you know the people who are deeply
involved in this stuff understood and
have understood for a while that black
Americans brown Americans white
Americans men women whatever demographic
you want to put yourself in or anybody
else starting to realize we have a
common enemy it's the media I don't
think that was as obvious before
oh yeah and Mike Serta Mitch's Feld came
out recently also in the last month or
so highlighting the the hoax is that the
movie is called hoaxed and I gave it a
tremendous review it's amazing
you have to see it it's on Hulu and it's
called
right now that's not I'm sorry it's on
Vimeo and it's called a hoaxed and you
should watch it oh yeah then there was
the Laura Logan interview in which he
talked about you know the the extreme
bias so here's what it feels like do you
remember when you saw that and then I'll
add one more data point so you saw the
polls and of Virginia that said that
black residents of Virginia were less
bothered by the white the blackface
stories of their politicians they were
less bothered than white people think
about that think about that you're
you're a black citizen of the United
States you just watch this Virginia
stories about blackface and then they do
a poll how bothered are you and we find
that black people are substantially less
bothered less bothered by these
politicians wearing blackface then white
people are what's that tell you what's
that tell you about the zeitgeist well
I'll tell you if I'm a if I'm a black
citizen I'm taking that as pretty good
news and if I'm a white citizen it turns
out I am I'm also taking that as good
news there's a there's a maturity about
that that's evident in the poll results
and the maturity is that the white
voters can I get the understand you know
they understand the offensiveness of it
and they're policing themselves meaning
that they have a harsh view of it within
their own demographic on the other hand
black voters get a lot of respect for
treating this in a mature way which is
it's not the biggest problem in the
world it's something that everybody is
now recognizing and saying don't do this
they're saying it happened years ago but
not that far away and you can see black
voters I imagine and again since I'm not
a black voter I don't want to read minds
but it feels like there was something
good that came out of this which is a
universal condemnation of this behavior
the black face in particular and the
white people were more bothered by it
than the black people according to this
poll in Virginia and I think that's
that's an insanely positive sign for the
country you know it tells you something
about the same case so here's my
optimism about it
it feels like
there's a little bit of an awakening
happening that black people and white
people in this country have been sort of
gamed have been used by the media and
let's say not just black people but you
know Brown LGBTQ and everybody else I've
been set against each other because it's
good for the news and the media business
now in the context of this and in the
same week that the jussie Smollett thing
happened the administration unveils
their global campaign to end
criminalization of homosexuality
worldwide as Joel said in his
tweet it is the single most important
thing any president has ever done for
gay rights for gay people I guess for
the LGBTQ community let's say it's
probably the single most important thing
that's ever been done for the benefit of
that community because we're in pretty
good shape in this country in terms of
the laws and equality and LGBTQ rights
etc but worldwide it's a mess and
watching the United States stink
leadership of that from a Republican
administration and one that frankly has
been very suspicious of the intentions
of this administration it's it just
makes your head spin because that wasn't
supposed to happen right if you were in
the movie where you've been imagining
that this president has been the worst
thing in the world for you know however
many years we've been watching him
it doesn't fit your mental model that he
would so strongly back an effort to help
homosexual folks and LGBTQ people around
the world just doesn't fit but a
perfectly fit my movie in my movie Trump
was always this person
he didn't change as far as I know Trump
has always been this president the one
who would do a worldwide global
initiative to end criminalization of
homosexuality around the world it's
perfectly compatible with everything I
thought about him
that somebody's saying his pens happy
you know the most important thing that
Trump did if you're if you're on the
Left you're missing the best part of
Trump the best part of Trump if you're
on the left is that Trump took the
people who are the farthest right and
turned them into sort of a Trump kind of
Republican so Trump is redefined and I
think changed the attitudes on the right
about the LGBTQ community in particular
to essentially remove it as an issue so
I've said this before and I don't think
anybody believes me but so I've been you
know talking about politics and mostly
interacting with Trump supporters for
three years now and you don't hear anti
LGBTQ stuff like I just don't hear it it
seems like it just sort of is not part
of the conversation anymore so I think
Trump won't ever get credit for that but
his his let's say open minded views on
the topic probably are influencing the
rest of the Democrats and the
Conservatives I would say that's almost
a certainty that he's having a big
influence in a way that somebody on the
Left couldn't have all right here's my
favorite story of the day oh there's a
North Korean update so there's a report
from North Korea that they purged the
dissenters against peace so the
dissenters who didn't want to go
non-nuclear have been purged which is
really good news because we didn't need
them all right here's the best fake
story of the day there's quote a
bombshell report from the
New York Times what happens after you
hear that there's a bombshell report for
the New York Times and who are the
sources of this bombshell report let me
list all the sources ok I'm done I'll do
it again
ok I'm gonna list all of the names of
sources for the New York Times bombshell
report here they come
[Music]
that's it no named sources well how how
believable is a story with no named
sources not you should have learned by
now just to ignore it anonymous sources
about what somebody said in a
conversation are absolutely unreliable
but it's better here's the best part
watch this so I'm taking these quotes
from a business insider report Business
Insider is partly owned by Jeff Bezos
who is the owner of the Washington Post
and no friend of the president so this
is from Business Insider and I want you
to see how cleverly they worded this to
turn nothing into something this is
really clever and I'll probably be the
first person to say it you I don't think
you'll see this on the news and I'm not
going to make anything up I'm gonna read
the words from the Business Insider ok
you ready
excuse me they say so this is what
Whittaker said to to the Congress I
guess so Whittaker said this earlier he
said quote at no time as the White House
s4 nor have I provided any promises or
commitments concerning the special
council or any other investigation
alright so Whitaker's words are
specifically that the White House has
not asked for nor has he offered
promises or commitments ok so remember
those two words the White House didn't
ask for
promises and they didn't ask for
commitments that's what Whitaker said
now he's being called a liar potentially
because later in the bombshell report
they says that it raised questions about
whether Whitaker was entirely
forthcoming when he denied any
conversations with the president about
ongoing investigations listen to these
words when Whitaker denied having any
conversations with the President and
then the quote that they give to support
to support their their summary that
Whitaker denied having any conversations
he didn't do that and they show they
show a quote which does not support
their their reporting because what he
did was said he didn't provide any
promises or commitments if I say to you
I did not provide any promises or
commitments have I said the exact same
thing as I've had no I've denied having
any conversation those aren't even close
Whitaker did not say I did not have a
conversation he did say I made no
promises and they didn't ask for any
promises or commitments that's very
different now I would easily believe
that the president floated the idea of
having somebody work on one of the
investigations for Cowan and I guess who
he thought would be you know more let's
say less biased than whoever else might
be assigned if you're the President and
you're watching the so-called deep state
plotting to remove you what do you
assume about other people who will be
working on these investigations you
should assume that some of them are also
out to get you because there seems to be
you know pretty solid evidence at this
point then members of you know
the government in an investigative roles
had strong biases would it be
inappropriate for the president to float
the name of somebody that he thought
maybe did not have a bias against him
now if he floated that and Whitaker said
I had just listened to it and then
apparently informed him according to
this report that the person that the
president suggested was not available
because he's already recused himself now
that would be sort of a no big deal
conversation in my opinion the president
could float the name of somebody a noose
administration that he thought was less
biased against him that's not illegal is
it
and if Whittaker says now he's not
available anyway would it be fair for
Whittaker to say I've made no promises
and I made no commitments totally fair
because that's exactly what they
reported so watch how illegitimately the
media words this to turn on nothing into
or something you watched it right here
they had two quotes one from Whittaker
and then right below it like right below
it in the same article they completely
mischaracterize the their own quote as
obviously as it could possibly be so
this is another example of fake news
manufactured out of out of nothing yeah
with with anonymous sources so this this
too will likely just go away like the
rest of them all right so let me take
you so at the end here I'm going to talk
about climate change and how to solve it
all I want to changing topics here
there's a flow chart talking about some
of our options for dealing with the
presumed risk let's see if I can get
this situated better risk of climate
here's some here's a flowchart to tell
you how to think about it alright so
there are two possibilities either
climate change is a crisis or something
closer to a hoax
now I'm using the you know the extreme
words but we can imagine there are
things in between as well but just for
conceptual purposes let's say there are
two views of the world one is it's a
crisis and one is that it's not now what
do you do under those conditions well if
it's a crisis you've got essentially two
paths one path is something like the
green New Deal and I use that as a proxy
for any kind of a plan that's an extreme
get rid of fossil fuels plan so any
extreme plan to get rid of fossil fuels
I just use this as a proxy because it
includes that or the people who believe
that climate warming is a huge risk
would be safe nuclear now safe nuclear
is the so called generation for and
there are a number of different nuclear
power plants designs you know it's not
just one thing there's several designs
that are under a generation four and
what they have in common is that they're
designed to avoid meltdown problems in
other words everything could go wrong
and you still wouldn't get a meltdown
because they're designed that way they
can also be built smaller and faster the
details of that I'm not going to get
into but yeah whether you're talking
about thorium or any of these other
designs if they're under the umbrella of
generation four there would be safe
nuclear and if you did a Manhattan
Project to iterate these and test and
maybe standardize them and put them next
to existing nuclear plants because
essentially people are comfortable with
that already so there's a way to get
there by getting real serious about safe
nuclear now what nobody wants apparently
there's I don't think anybody on either
end of the conversation once the legacy
nuclear option where you it takes 30
years to even try to build a plant it's
got a ml
down risk nobody wants that right it's
not a practical option so legacy nuclear
the classic old kind of nuclear is not
on anybody's wish board but the safe
theft would be on both it wouldn't
matter if you were if you believe that
the climate is a problem or if you
believed it wasn't because it's still a
great idea
for lowering costs making the world a
better place you know ending pollution
you know making electric cars ubiquitous
so there are all kinds of benefits
whether you think the climate is a
problem or not now let's do some some
odds all right if you do the green need
New Deal or anything that's a let's say
a crushing impact on fossil fuels nobody
really knows if that's good or bad for
the economy I know you didn't you didn't
want me to say that right you wanted me
to say oh that's bad for the economy but
it turns out that there are smart people
and I'm not gonna name any but there's a
very smart billionaire investor who has
put a lot of money into green energy and
tells me personally that he believes
that doing so is a positive economic
thing and that you create a lot of jobs
you create new industries etc and you
can actually come out ahead by not
necessarily the green New Deal but by
being very aggressive on green
technology so is it true that the green
New Deal would cause an economic
collapse or is it true that it would
actually at least just the fossil fuel
portion of it I'm not talking about the
rest of the socialism involved with the
green new deal but just the fossil fuel
part of it would that cause economic
gain or collapse I would say I have no
idea but let's say since I have no idea
I'll just 50/50 it which is what I
always do when I have no idea no idea I
I don't know if it's 60/40 90/10 I have
no idea I could tell you that very smart
people are
on both sides of this conversation and
they don't know either
so I'm let's just say for conceptual
reasons I'm not going to claim it's 5050
but for conceptual reasons let's say it
is just complete the picture so if if
you get economic gain that's great and
it leads you to the golden age where
everything's great or but if you get
economic collapse you end up with mass
extinction so economic collapse means
that not only if it does the United
States economy collapse but probably
China is still polluting and adding co2
at the same rate no matter what so you
get economic collapse if you're wrong
about this all right if you're right
everything was great well let's say you
go this path it wouldn't matter if you
thought the economy it was a problem or
not you go is safe nuclear you do a
Manhattan Project where you really put a
lot of you know focus on it and a lot of
attention dude as fast as you can that
but as safely as he can there's probably
about a 95% chance that this would be
profitable meaning good for the economy
because we know how to make these plants
we know they're safe we know they're
they're economical these are these are
mostly knowns you would need some
government help to get rid of some red
tape but it's it's known what it would
look like if you did that so this would
be an almost certain economic game which
would lead you to the golden age and so
here's the bottom line no matter what
you think about climate change whether
it's whether it's a big problem or not a
problem the rational path is the same
path it was it still makes sense to
develop as much green technology green
energy as you can so this is where
billionaires disagree but not on that
point so Bill Gates I believe would be
here I don't want to put words in his
mouth but I know he has invested in some
gem for companies and I know he's talked
about green not being an
to save us and that the maybe the only
way to get there is by being aggressive
not nuclear
I hope I'm characterizing his argument
correctly now here's a general statement
if your opinion disagrees with Bill
Gates opinion change your opinion if
your opinion disagrees with war and that
Warren Buffett's opinion change your
opinion that's my advice anytime I see
Bill Gates disagree with me I go oh damn
it I got to change my opinion because
he's smarter than you I'm smarter than
me definitely he's way more informed and
he's deeply you know he deeply
researched a lot of different stuff
right he has a wide umbrella of
understanding if Bill Gates disagrees
with you you should seriously consider
changing your opinion - whatever Bill
Gates said he is credible he is not in
it for the money he is a genius and he's
looked into it so that's my advice so he
says this path is the way to get to the
I'm calling it the Golden Age when
things are going well and there are
other people who think that this might
be the better approach but I would argue
to you and here's mine here's my reveal
I would bet that most of the people who
are who think this is the best path also
think and this is an assumption so its
fact check this the people who think
this is the best path also think that
nuclear means old nuclear I'll bet there
are very few people who want this path
who know as much as Bill Gates does
about this path and that the people who
understand that this exists and and what
it could do for us if we if we manage it
correctly the people who know this would
take this path every time so that's my
claim
and I'd like to say that all of these
periscopes are starting points for for
fact-checking and starting points for
you know just testing the hypothesis so
my current view is that we do have a
path that works whether you think
climate change is real or not it's
practical the smartest people in the
world agree with it and it is the lowest
risk and and the other path is probably
not practical it might be but probably
not and and riskier what's the Downs
what's the downside risk for Jenna for
the downside risk is the category of
things you don't know I didn't want to
make it a hundred percent because it
would be less less credible if I did I
don't like to talk in absolutes and 95
percent is only you know my my number so
that's to be fact-checked is it 80
percent I don't know but it's still good
odds much depends on spent fuel
management my understanding is that one
of the designs that's under this
umbrella gem for actually burns nuclear
waste from other plants I'm not sure
that I'm saying that right or that I
have the the information right but most
of what you think are problems with
nuclear have actually been solved with
various designs within this category
it's been a long time that people have
been working working on these designs
and they're they're in good shape now
yeah somebody here says generation 4
actually consumes spent nuclear fuel
and I don't think that's true of maybe
every every design here but I think
there are designs within Gen 4 that do
that and you don't have to wait for
fusion fusion is something you can work
on at the same time because this is
accessible and doable right now all
right
how many of you found this to be either
enlightening meaning that you didn't
know it before or at least a useful
framework for looking at it I want to
get can you give me some feedback was
this useful because it took me a long
time to get to this point where I would
I could understand it as a as a flow
chart all right so I'm watching your
comments a lot of people say it's useful
and some people are loving it and it's a
good framework and very useful and yes
yes yes okay good well then I've done my
job I'll post this as soon as I'm done -
to both post it to YouTube and as a
podcast
what's generation for a cost I don't
have all the details but the the essence
of the generation 4 is that you can
build smaller reactors
so whatever the classic wouldn't costs
it would be a fraction of that
so it'd be smaller than regular nuclear
it'd be similar to maybe something on
you see on a nuclear submarine right and
you could do lots of small ones but it's
these smart people say it would be
economic now I want to give you an
update on the interface app my company
is my startup and we added a feature to
let people donate to any artist within
the future now the the main use of it is
to contact any use any expert to have a
video call but anybody who has a profile
on the app it's called
interface by when hub it's a free app
anybody can put their profile there and
you know
takes about a minute just put a picture
and a couple of words about who you are
and then automatically their profile has
a button for donating so if you don't
like donating through other platforms
because you think they have a political
bent against you you have another option
now you don't ever have to make a call
you don't ever have to receive a call
you can just put up a profile and take
take donations and people are already
using it for that number of people
donated to me already through the app
and I thank you off that but we're gonna
add in the next week or so we'll add a
recurring payment option to the donation
at the moment it's a one-time donation
patreon has an advantage and that you
could say I'll give it a dollar a month
until I stop it
so we'll add that option for a one-time
or or repeating and and we're adding an
option to take to will give you some
code that allows you to put a donate
button on your webpage so that if you
already have a web page or you've got a
profile on social media there'll be a
link you could put there that takes you
right to our our our app which also runs
on a desktop there's a there's a browser
version and there it will be there will
be your button and you can add it to
your home page you can add it to your
profile you can add it to anything and
then people can go give you donations
alright and we're also adding a bunch of
doctors of the app and we'll tell you
more about that as well
can you tilt the camera so I can see the
whiteboard yes I'm gonna take a picture
of this and we'll add it to the the
download
all right that's it for now I'll talk to
you later bye for now