bump bump bump bump bump Oh what good
luck you're all here and it's time for a
coffee with Scott Adams it's really not
the same without you
glad you could come and are you ready
are you ready we're gonna be talking
about this impeachment stuff impeachment
theater as we call it but first you got
to get primed you got to get ready you
got to be in your best frame of mind for
this and all it takes is a cup of mud or
a glass of tanker chelators time in a
canteen jug reflects a vessel of any
kind fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee enjoyed me now for the
unparalleled pleasure of the dopamine
hood the day the thing that makes
everything better the simultaneous sip
you ready go yeah oh yeah
special impeachment flavor how does it
taste very mpg somebody in the comments
comments section is saying white
privilege with Scott isn't always about
that I'm sorry if I'm displaying my
white privilege by using a public
platform and so I continue to be amazed
that my trolls disappeared suddenly and
I don't know why it could be because I
was playing with the filters so Twitter
has some filters to allow you to get rid
of I think some of the filters are you
can you can block people who don't have
a picture in their photos I think you
can block people were new accounts some
other options but I don't know if that's
it they suddenly just disappeared and
I'm talking about the ones who would
always come in with the same three or
four comments and they only it happened
in 2016 and then they disappeared for a
while but they would flare up now and
then but for reasons I don't know they
all disappeared but
that doesn't mean that we have reached
the end of our questions about
conservatives especially being throttled
or shadow bands so let me give you an
interesting update I noticed I noticed a
few days ago that when I tried to follow
Richard Grinnell ambassador Grinnell
that I thought I had followed him but
then it suggested that I follow him on
the list of suggested people to follow
and I thought what what's going on I'm
already following him so I checked and I
wasn't and I thought huh did I imagine
that so I followed him uh-huh so I
followed him and then it suggested that
I follow him again the next day and I
thought is it possible that twice I
thought I followed him and didn't so I
tweeted down to question two to my
followers I said if any of you tried to
follow ambassador Grinnell and found
that you're automatically unfollowed
guess what the answer is yes a lot of
people a lot of people if you look at
the comments in my to that tweet and I
tweeted it again today just to just to
alert people to look at the comments if
it's massively happening now
ambassador Grinnell noticed that I was
talking about this and he he thanked me
for you know just for raising this issue
he did get a few thousand extra
followers just because I gave him gave
them some attention but if you look at
the number of people in the comments who
are quite sure they followed him and are
quite sure they got unfollowed many of
them just discovering because I pointed
about so a lot of people didn't know it
they just said well I'm following him
let me check it and then they checked
and they had been automatically
unfollowed now here's the question
and I did put in a message to Jack
Dorsey to ask him if there's some
official Twitter response because I
don't know what the official company
position is but I'll tell you my
hypothesis all right and it's just a
hypothesis so don't put too much
credibility on it I think we're all
confused what I think there are roughly
three main possibilities the one would
be that Twitter senior management is
intentionally ordering their employees
to game the system for some political
game I would call that deeply unlikely
for this particular topic the the
following and the unfollowing it is so
to imagine that they're doing it
intentionally and that it's coming from
the top would imagine that there were
all idiots and that's clearly not the
case because you'd have to be really an
idiot to bet your entire company because
that's what this would be I mean you'd
really be betting the company betting
the entire company and your reputation
there's something so easily discovered
by me and obviously many of you can
discover it just as easily so if it's
completely obvious and heavy-handed
those two don't go together because you
wouldn't do a clever political scheme to
you know bias the elections if it were
also perfectly obvious and discoverable
by anybody looked so what are the odds
that senior management again we're
talking about very smart people here not
even ordinary smart people we're talking
about people who have you know started
billion-dollar companies and people were
at the top of that management heap they
know what they're doing I don't believe
I mean it it just stretches my
credibility to to beyond where I can
take it that it would be intentional and
obvious at the same time
it just doesn't make sense the other
possibility is just a bug and it's a bug
that you know happens to everybody but
maybe we just notice in cases where
we're looking and it could be a case of
where you think you've you think you've
followed somebody and you think you've
liked something but maybe your app is
not doing a good handshake with you know
the central processors but here again
that would be so hard to believe because
it's such a massive bug that it would
certainly at least be public in other
words if it were a bug of that size that
is affecting you know God knows how many
people happens on a regular basis and
has been happening for years if that
were the case it would just be public
knowledge it probably would be included
in the direction somewhere you know if
you press this we can't guarantee it'll
take or something like that but more to
the point do you think in the year 2020
that Twitter doesn't know how to build
an app where if the app sends some
information to the central processor it
doesn't have a process to make sure that
the handshake happened seriously I mean
maybe maybe it's a bug
but it seems so unlikely so unlikely so
I'll tell you my hypothesis again just
speculation but I'm looking at the main
possibilities and I'm just putting some
odds on them so I think the odds that
it's intentional and coming from Twitter
management almost zero the odds that
it's a bug and we don't first of all
know about it and it isn't getting fixed
feels like zero again could be I mean
you can't you can never really
completely rule out stuff like this but
very low here's my hypothesis there's
somebody who has control of their system
that is not in the management
Jane could be just a rogue employee
could be somebody who took a bribe
because one of the easiest ways to get
access to somebody's algorithm is find
some programmers who have access and
offer them millions of dollars to tweak
something now if I had to guess of all
of the possible explanations there is
one of them that's actually kind of
normal and typical and it's that last
one unfortunately we live in the world
where it would not be hard for a
motivated bad actor
to find an employee in one of these big
social media companies and just bribe
them how much would it cost to bribe one
employee it's not that expensive if
you're talking about billionaires and
and maybe foreign countries and God
knows what and maybe they didn't even
need to be bribed maybe they were just
partisans who found themselves in the
right job and took advantage of it but
I'm gonna go with bad actor somewhere
under the hood as my top hypothesis so
I've got a message in to Jack Dorsey
asking if there's any official
explanation I'll be happy to share but
that's what we said now I've also been
keeping you updated that my Twitter feed
I'm sorry not my Twitter feed my YouTube
videos get routinely demonetised
but apparently I have now complained
about that enough that I have Google's
attention and although I haven't
followed up I did get an email yesterday
from somebody whose job it is to follow
up on exactly this so it turns out
Google is a big company and you know
there's a job for everything and
apparently there's somebody whose job
their actual job includes the
responsibilities of figuring out why
people like B are complaining about
being demonetized so apparently it's
enough of a problem that there's
somebody whose job it is to find out
what's wrong now a preliminary
hypothesis there is that trolls are
reporting it so it could be that Google
is just responding to the fact that
there are lots of complaints and until
we manually ask for a review they don't
notice that the complaints don't match
up with the material until they look at
it manually
maybe because it wouldn't it wouldn't be
crazy that Google system would
automatically automatically block
something if it got a lot of complaints
until they sorted it down it seems like
that would be a reasonable thing to do
but it would allow just this huge gaping
problem which which would be the trolls
could illegitimately get you demonetised
so if I had to guess that's my top
hypothesis is that trolls are
complaining and they just figured out
how to game the system now there might
be a workaround so I'll talk to talk to
Google and let you know how that goes I
guess we need to talk about impeachment
a let's talk about impeachment who do
you think won the first round of
impeachment theater because it's sort of
like it's turned into sort of a reality
TV show
honestly I'm watching this impeachment
stuff and I don't even feel that it has
something to do with the government
because I think both sides have
acknowledged that we know how it ends
and if you know how it ends and how it
ends is not going to affect the
government the least in terms of
removing a president all this left is
the theater and it's obvious that the
participants are playing to the audience
unfortunately they're also boring the
heck out of the audience it's it's hard
to watch it too long but if you're like
me did you have i watched enough of it
yesterday that I felt as though I felt
as though I was learning a lot it is so
impressive to watch the best you know
some of the best attorneys in the world
argue two sides of a case because you
may have the same experience I had
you'll hear one of the attorneys make
their case and I'll be sitting at home
and I'll think wow it was pretty good
that was very persuasive if I heard that
argument I'd be inclined to agree with
that lawyer and then the other lawyer
from the other side gets up and just
demolishes the argument and makes
another argument that's so strong you
say huh guess I gotta change my opinion
now I'll go with that lawyer and then
the next lawyer gets up to infinity so
it's fascinating to watch my view of
reality change in real time it's like
COD they've got a good point oh no they
don't
it looks like they've really really
nailed now no they didn't and are you
having the same experience now you may
be those of you who are a little more
partisan or probably saying oh one side
is winning every time and the other side
is losing every time but I'll tell you
what's the most absurd part about this
whole process the absurdity is that it's
something called a trial and yet there's
apparently there's nothing in the
process that stops people from standing
in front of the public and lying like
crazy
I mean seriously lying now I'm not going
to say it's only happening on one side
all right because of the news sources
I'm watching I'm seeing more of it more
of the accusations about shift like I
don't even need to check MSNBC and CNN I
don't need to check because I already
know they're saying that Trump's lawyers
are lying and they're gonna show their
evidence and they're gonna show what
they said etcetera now I can't
necessarily sort it all out but I can
say with some confidence that people are
intentionally lying from the public and
there's no repercussions no
repercussions they can just stand up
there and say anything they want as long
as they don't as long as they're not
mean to each other
Chief Justice Roberts is going to let
him go I guess he I guess he warned them
to be a little more
professional I've missed that live but
that's the only thing you warned about
you know to be a little more respectful
to the to the other side but in terms of
lying it's it's just a it's a free it's
a free market they could just lie any
way they want and so I asked you if
there are no rules of evidence you know
no no normal ways that you get to the
bottom of whether the fact is really a
fact or not what the hell good is this I
mean it's one thing that we all think we
know where it ends and that makes it a
ridiculous you know theatre exercise but
how did that process possibly work in in
what universe could the process as it
exists possibly work because both sides
are deeply they're deeply incentivized
the lie why would you tell the truth in
that setting it would it would be a
losing strategy you might as well lie
because the system rewards it it's the
damnedest thing the worst system ever
received let's talk about some of the
fun small stories within the big story
first of all I can't tell I don't think
the public can tell who's winning or
losing in any of this people are just
going to grab whatever fact they
understand and say well I understand
this one variable so I based my decision
on it probably that's all of us but
here's the most fun thing the key man of
yesterday and I could not enjoy this
more what I'm going to tell you next is
just delicious
I've never been so entertained by the
news
I mean news has just become
entertainment now I mean this whole
impeachment thing it's hard to see it as
anything but a reality TV entertainment
but by far the coolest best most
entertaining thing that came out of it
came from Alan Dershowitz his mouth when
he was interviewed by Sean Hannity and
he said oh god I love this I love this
so much I can barely even
Saint Dershowitz says that everybody's
wrong about the president already being
impeached and that it's a stain that
will last forever because as Dershowitz
explains if the Senate acquits him he's
not a beast that's the first time I've
ever heard that is that the same with
you have you heard anybody who actually
knows what they're talking about I'm
talking about a you know constitutional
scholar type person like Dershowitz has
anybody but him said on an interview no
you're all wrong
there is no impeachment if the Senate
votes votes it out now I assume that by
today we'll see experts on the other
side saying no no Alan Dershowitz is
crazy
it's definitely impeachment oh yes it's
impeachment even if the Senate votes
against it it's impeachment but here's
the delicious part it's not that they
disagree it's not that somebody's saying
something I would love to hear because I
think it would just be amazing if that
were true I'd like the Dershowitz you
know opinion on this to be true here's
what's the fun part both positions are
supportable by experts our two world you
know two movies on one screen is
preserved no matter what happens so the
votes going to happen and the people the
people who say he is impeached forever
he's got to stay in on him forever
they're gonna be able to say that
because they have their argument and the
people who support the president who
don't want to say that are gonna say
well you know you could say that but
let's look at the constitutional expert
Alan Dershowitz says no impeachment
assuming that the Senate votes that way
now here's the fun part
who gets to Wikipedia first because
that's the whole game here whoever gets
the Wikipedia and makes their edit stick
wins
because you can't trust the news to tell
you if he was impeached or not a page I
already know how that's gonna go Fox
News he wasn't impeached CNN he was
totally impeached you know how that's
gonna go so nobody's gonna look at the
news to find out if he's impeached
they're gonna try to find a history book
but there isn't really a history book
written yet it's too early they're gonna
go to Wikipedia and Wikipedia is gonna
be a battleground of competing editors
who say here's my source I got a source
now maybe Wikipedia will battle to a
standstill and they'll just put both
points of view and say well there's a
controversy so we've got two points of
view we're not going to judge it we're
just saying there are two views that
they might end up there but I love the
fact that Dershowitz is very clearly
giving cover to anybody who later later
wants to make the claim that the
president wasn't impeached do you know
who else is going to make that argument
that the president wasn't impeached
assuming that the Senate votes that way
president Trump do you think President
Trump is ever going to say in public I
was not impeached I think he will I
think he might so that'll be a fun
battle for whose reality wins something
else that Dershowitz says now I told you
yesterday that Alan Dershowitz had said
in 1998 about the Clinton trial that
impeachment doesn't necessarily have to
be a crime you know it could be you know
doesn't have to technically be a crime
on the books and then he's clarified and
then he said he he he retracts his old
statement if it was if it was in any way
in conflict with his current views here
attacks his old views and says you know
I've done more research here's my
current view and the current view is
that it still needs to be it doesn't
need to be a crime so he's consistent
from 1998 to today he always said
doesn't need to be a technical crime but
based on his scholarly research updated
it needs to be crime like now what the
hell does that mean
what is crime like that's not a crime
well hopefully Dershowitz gave two
examples and I thought there were
excellent examples now they're not
exhaustive there's just two good
examples to give you the idea one is
let's say the some some President had
done something and it was discovered but
let's say and I'm I'm gonna amp up as an
example a little bit let's say was one
day after the statute of limitations had
just run out it was a horrible crime but
we don't find out about it until the
president's in office and it's one day
passed the statute of limitations or
maybe he already had to be in office I
think he would have had to do it in the
office and then the statute of
limitations still expires or something
like that but anyway so one example
would be society definitely means this
to be a crime it's just there for a
technical reason there wasn't let's say
somebody got accused of a crime and they
were acquitted by the courts but only
because there was some problem with
collecting that I don't collect the
evidence or something that's my own
example another one was suppose he did a
horrible crime but he did it while he
was overseas he was at a different
jurisdiction you can imagine a president
going to some other country and I don't
have to give you examples because you
can thank you for your own something
horrible happens let's say in his
personal dealings you can fill in with
any details you want but it's not a
crime because he happens to be in the
country where that's just not criminal
but maybe we want to treat it like that
in this country because to us it's
exactly like one of our crimes
so it's crime like right now I love
those examples because they give you
they begin to give you a little bit of a
sense of what it means to be like a
crime but not actually being a crime
so there could be those examples and
then you could imagine that the framers
of the Constitution wanted to make sure
that they picked up all the exceptions
they just threw that crime like thing
understanding in there but here's where
it gets interesting the the impeachment
articles do not do not allege a crime so
what would be crime like in terms of
abuse of power what would be the most
crime like what what is a crime that's
not abuse of power but is like really
close to it and the answer is nothing
nothing there's nothing that's almost
like abuse of power by the president
that's also a criminal act there's
nothing there now corruption and bribery
those are pretty specific but coercing a
foreign power to do something that you
may or may not be for the national
interest there's just nothing on the
books that's sort of in that ballpark
apparently so it looks like and and
Dershowitz says what I've been saying
which is they should just vote on the
constitutionality of it and be done with
it
did you because digging into the details
does nothing but give Schiff lots of
opportunity to show the public details
in his may be biased lying way and
that's not good so I don't know why
there's somebody on the president's team
who's not taking Dershowitz advice on
you know just vote vote on the
constitutionality of it and go home but
they must have the reasons they're
they're very good lawyers one of the
things that shift did and then I think
one of the other democratic impeachment
managers showed was they they actually
showed a hoax video oh my god
and by hoax video I mean it's
deceptively edited to change the meaning
and it's the video where the president
says in his own words I think this is
close to his own words that I can do
anything I want and and they take it out
of context so it looks like he's saying
that as a president I'm above the law I
can do anything I walked if you see it
in context he was talking about I can do
it anything I want on I forget what it
was but a specific question in which he
could do anything you wanted so what he
said is not what he actually said is not
in dispute I don't believe by anybody
there's no lawyer anywhere who disputes
what he actually said but if you cut out
the context which they did and they
showed a hoax video in the Senate just
think about this an intentional hoax
video twice on the same day they I was
I'm being told in the comments reminded
other that when he said he can do
anything he wants ad to do with whether
he could hire or fire people in the
executive in the executive branch the
answer is of course he is the is the
boss he couldn't do anything he wants in
terms of hiring and firing yet within
reason so why don't you wonder what
Chief Justice Roberts was thinking
because apparently he doesn't have power
to you know jump in and and and manage
the proceedings other than just the the
ceremonial you know parts that he's
doing what do you think he was thinking
now maybe he didn't know that it was a
deceptive and hoax video maybe but
probably he probably knew and he had to
sit there the head of the Supreme Court
just just imagine his mindset you know
just for a moment you know I'm not gonna
say that I know what he was thinking but
imagine what he was thinking he's the
person who is most let's say he has the
greatest responsibility in the entire
country for making sure that the
citizens play fair with each other right
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court and
that's his primarily point primary thing
in life is that people play fair now
within the legal system of course but he
had to sit there and watch in the Senate
the most respected often often and said
the most respected body governmental
body of just about anywhere right and he
had to watch chef's play a hoax video
and then another one play a hoax video
right in front of him and he had to just
sit there and watch it oh my god
that would have made me crazy I think I
would have stopped it right there I
think I would have held up on my hand
and said you know I understand my role
and it's not to get involved but you
just showed a video that's a hoax video
in front of the whole world in the
Senate it doesn't get any worse than
that
I mean I suppose there's a lot of verbal
lying in the Senate so people are used
to it well man showing the hoax video
that's as bad as it gets
all right one of the things that Schiff
and company are suggesting and this is
my own words I'm putting on this is that
the president mounting a legal defense
is tantamount to it to admitting guilt
what
now of course I'm putting my own words
on what what they're saying but their
version of it was and one of the
impeachment managers said this I can't
remember her name she said that she she
had worked in law enforcement before
being in government and that she knew
that anybody who had evidence that did
not hurt them or show their innocence
would be happy to show it to you and
therefore because the president is not
allowing these documents and the people
associated with the presidency not
allowing them to talk under the
assumption of executive privilege
presidential privilege that that alone
is strong evidence of his guilt to which
I said what country are we in now
are we still in the United States
because in the United States you can
fight like a wounded badger for your
defense and the smartest thing you can
do is to block every if you can if you
can do it legally you have to do it
legally but if you can you want to block
every source of information from the
prosecution because there might be
something in there
remember there's lots and lots of
documents lots and lots of people whose
memories are maybe different about what
happened people making assumptions if
you open all that up you're guaranteed
that the other team is going to find
some snippet a text message and email
that could be taken more than one way
now what do you do you just you just
gave the other side some ammunition and
it wasn't even real it's just something
that looked real because Ana context
you'd say oh if I saw that out of the
context that would look kind of damning
I don't want the jury to see that right
you don't wants the weight you don't
want the judge to see that because it's
just something they're taking out of
context so the only way you can prevent
stuff taken into context is that you
fight as hard as you can legally within
the legal system to prevent the
prosecution or whoever's acting as a
prosecutor in this case you want to you
want to limit all their information it's
exactly the same reason why a president
with let's say president Trump's you
know complicated tax returns situation
people said well if he had nothing died
why wouldn't he just let us look at him
that is just so inexperienced nobody who
has experience in the real world would
say something so dumb the reason you
don't let the public in your critics see
your tax returns I mean one reason could
be you're trying to hide stuff but an
equally strong reason and just as
compelling which which has to be the
first reason you consider is it nothing
good can come of it
it can only be bad if your tone
innocent it's only bad because it gives
them stuff to you know criticize that
may or may not even be valid but it's
plenty of material you don't want to you
don't want to arm your enemies so I
would say that's the most offensive
thing that the Democrats are saying is
that that the Trump team using the legal
process legal process to to put some
obstacles in the way of the prosecution
this somehow that's that's evidence of
guilt Wow
it's amazing that we elect people who
can sink things like that in public have
you noticed all of the loser think going
on in the arguments and this is both
sides both sides have done two of the
biggest loser think errors as I read
about in my best-selling book called
loser think which you can see behind me
here one of them is they imagine that
they can read the minds of strangers
yeah
the mind-reading is massive once you
start looking for it you see it
everywhere and what they'll do is
they'll say and the reason he did this
is to hire this or the reason the
president doesn't want to have this is
because he knows we'll get the goods no
you can't read his mind and you
certainly don't get to read his mind and
put the worst possible interpretation on
it when there are other interpretations
so both sides are doing it they're both
saying that they know the motives of the
other now they may be right but it's
just the worst thing in the world to to
assume that now remember one of the one
of the arguments from the president's
staff is that they're doing mind reading
about his intentions and you don't want
to have a system that lets people get
punished because other people are
mind-reading here's the most interesting
sort of legal argument factoid I've seen
and it's it's a little bit technical but
I think
I can simplify this to the point where
you understand it now Joel one
of the few people who probably read all
these documents you know in terms of the
arguments coming from the White House
pull down one of the arguments and
highlighted it in a tweet and this is
just so interesting listen to this
argument from the lawyers from the
president so this will be my version of
it so I hope I don't mess this up
in order for in order to get a
conviction on the Pietschmann t' you
have to have two-thirds of the Senate
vote meaning they'd have to agree and
vote the same way on this specific basis
for a conviction in other words they
have to vote that this is specifically
the reason they're impeaching get that
that makes sense right you you want to
two thirds of the Senate to be very
specific this stuff is why we're
impeaching you but because the way the
impeachment has been structured it's a
laundry list it's a laundry list of bad
things the president is done and they're
trying to get the Senate to vote on a
laundry list for impeachment and now
listen to this argument it's soaked is
so clever if the if the Senate votes on
a laundry list no matter how no matter
how convincing that list is you cannot
at the end of it know if any one of
those things on list cause two-thirds of
the people to vote the way they did in
other words by its structure it's not
proceed abble you couldn't proceed with
a laundry list of reasons because you
would never know why the senators voted
the way they did you wouldn't know if
you got two-thirds for any of them it
might be and I'll just do this
hypothetically it could be that
one-third of the senators voted because
of one of those points but we're now
persuaded by less a to others another
third vote
for another one but we're not persuaded
by the other two and so on you could
actually have a hundred percent of the
Senate vote to convict in other words
vote to impeach and carry it through and
yet not satisfy the Constitution because
the Constitution requires that they know
that they're voting for the same thing
otherwise you don't know if he got two
thirds for any one of those things and I
thought what's the counter-argument to
that I suppose
lawyers are clever so maybe they have
one but isn't that the end you know
couldn't you just say let's just talk
about this one thing is there even
anything we have the way it's structured
that we could vote on is it vulnerable
apparently it's not even the voter well
you know you you could not
constitutionally get from here to there
very interesting one of the things I'm
liking the most about this is that the
Senate has decided to literally torture
themselves while we watch now you
couldn't you could not write a better
reality show and in some ways it was
always heading this way you know people
have joked for years that the government
is just becoming a reality TV show and
then when President Trump gets elected
it looks more like a reality TV show and
then the way he manages there's a lot
like a reality TV show you know right
down to the fact that apparently he
wanted lawyers on his team who would
look good on camera allegedly I don't
know if that actually happened but it
would be consistent with his his very
smart way to look at the world which is
you you certainly want you want you want
to be good on every level you want to be
visually good good arguments etc so we
got to the point where the Senate is
literally locking its members up taking
away the only thing that could save
their
they're poor bored minds which are their
electronic devices or phones and stuff
and making the sit there for 12 hours a
day and then come back oh my god it
would be can you imagine being in that
room how in the world can you listen to
all that stuff and especially the all
the motions about the 50 or so things
that they're voting on but I gotta say I
like the fact that I could you know dip
in and dip out so if I get bored I can
go do something else but when I leave I
know they're all still locked up on
their rope and they're gonna be there
for god knows how long
so it's just great that the Senate is
actually torturing their own members I
mean axial torture I mean not in the not
in the wartime sense but I would feel
tortured if I had to sit there for 12
hours a day within the phone I mean I
would be pretty unhappy I imagine it's
the same with them alright let's see
what else we got going on here so we've
got the question about about the whether
or not the presidential what's it called
the I forget the word the the executive
privilege so so there's some history
about I guess there are some situations
in which the the president's closest
aides did have to give up their
information and did have to testify or
their documents could be discovered or
whatever it was but there is some
history in which that veil has been
penetrated in the past and one of the
arguments apparently the better argument
about it is that what's different about
impeachment is that the stakes are so
high so that in general you know you
wouldn't want the president's close
advisors to have to give up any of their
communications because it would make it
harder for the any future president to
get good advice nobody wouldn't want to
do it
and nobody would even want to send an
email to somebody to you know get some
information if they thought all their
electronic communications were going to
be grabbed so the argument is that only
in this very special case worse than
impeachment
you know that the fate of the Republic
rides on it etc that in there was very
important cases of impeachment that's
the exception where they can penetrate
that that privilege and get to that get
to the assistants and the advisers but
here's the thing
wasn't all of that before impeachment
became a big joke sorry that's
slip down is impeachment this year the
same as what impeachment used to be I
don't think so
well I don't think so today's
impeachment is not yesterday's
impeachment so the argument that
impeachment is such a high stakes game
because the fate of the country depends
on it that that you should make an
exception and penetrate that executive
privilege that doesn't really apply to
today's form of impeachment today's form
of impeachment is literally theater it's
just the show do you think that the
Republic is as is at risk with this
impeachment process not even a little
bit not even a little bit there's there
are no snakes whatsoever in this we
already know how it ends the impeachment
is a bunch of crap it's just theater
under the situation where impeachment
has thank you
you know Nancy Pelosi she has
trivialized one of the most important
parts of the Constitution down to the
point where it's the lowest stakes
impeachment should be the highest stakes
right the whole country depends on it
not anymore they've made a joke out of
the whole thing I mean literally a joke
we're literally laughing about it every
day that I watch it I'm watching it this
is not you know no hyperbole here I wash
it as
entertainment I don't even watch it like
there's anything at stake because I know
there isn't I mean not in the sense that
the government will change so I would
say the best argument for why the stakes
are not that high that this should be
invoking the the veil should be pierced
is that there are no stakes they've
ruined impeachment forever and guess
what if Alan Dershowitz is right or even
if he isn't President Trump is going to
credibly claim that no impeachment
happened
that's how unimportant it was all right
I like to tell you news that looks
optimistic here's one although it could
destroy the entire planet but at the
moment it looks optimists okay there's
the country there's a company I forget
which countries and that's making food
and the thin air what now that's not
exactly what they're doing so they're
starting with microbes and liquid and
some kind of a fermentation tank and
then they can they can breathe these
microbes into some kind of a protein
that doesn't have a flavor so you can
add it to anything but here's the twist
normally you would feed your feed your
microbes some kind of sugar but they
found a way to grow these things by
feeding it co2 so they could actually
pull co2 out of the air pump it into
their little mixture of fermented
microbes and turn it into protein now
apparently they're already doing it so
we don't have to wonder if if the
science works because they're already
doing it now the question of whether it
could scale up is a big question but
when I was laughing at how I'm not sure
if this is good news or bad news because
it would be really easy to imagine that
you could build these inexpensive things
that make you know protein out of the
air and that you would use it to you
know feed let's say you know African
tribes or something that didn't have
other sources
but what happens if it becomes the main
way we get protein how much how much co2
do you want to take out of the air
because you sort of have to have a limit
on because the plants you know the the
vegetation of the earth requires a
certain level of co2 so it's one thing
you know I've talked before about
companies that are making these
scrubbers they're pulling it out of the
air but the scrubbers you could just
turn off if you're pulling co2 out of
the air just to get it out of the air
and you decide that you've got enough
and you if you took more of it it
wouldn't be bad for the earth not good
well you could just unplug them but if
you get people addicted to a machine
that uses co2 to produce food and that
becomes a major food source less
especially if it's feeding poor people
are they going to turn it off there's
there's so much co2 in the air that will
never reach the limit of it who knows
but as I said it said yesterday it does
look like President Trump has let's say
taken a more nuanced approach to climate
change he approved the United States
entering this trillion trees situation
which you wouldn't do unless you thought
there was some risk of climate change
being a real problem but his take on it
is that we'll figure it out
and I I completely agree with that that
it's probably a problem it's at least
it's a big enough risk we should treat
it seriously but we can figure it out
and maybe maybe some of these new
technologies are exactly what's going to
happen I told you that House Minority
Leader is that Kevin McCarthy was
working with a few other people in
Congress to come up with a version of
let's say a I won't call it a climate
plan but an energy plan in which they
would go to more clean energy including
nuclear etc and I heard from a member of
McCarthy's office who offered to brief
me on so I'm gonna follow up on that
I'll get you more details on that his
announced support for nuclear yeah the
president said generation I think you
said generation four nuclear in his list
of things we should look at but he's not
called it out as something to emphasize
let me tell you the worst arguments for
the skeptics on climate science these
are the ones you should abandon and of
embarrassment number one that they
forgot to look at the Sun it's all about
the Sun and the sunspots and the sun
cycles the experts on warming did not
forget to look at all the elements of
the Sun now like anything anybody could
be wrong but they looked at the Sun the
other one is that more co2 is just
better no it's not more co2 was good for
plants but if it's also raising the
temperature to the point where you can't
live or it's causing major problems it
is not a smart response it's just not a
good argument to say that we need more
co2 lots more than we need we have now
that it just it just shows you haven't
looked at it in enough detail so please
abandon the bad arguments there are
plenty of good arguments I'm not saying
there are no good arguments I'm just
saying don't use the bad ones it just
makes you look like you haven't looked
into it enough and the the best argument
is that we'll be able to figure out how
to how to deal with it
in plenty of time all right why do I
reject the Sun okay somebody just asked
me why do I think the Sun should not be
considered at the real reason of the
warming my head's going to explode
please please it goes like this I'll
just say it one more time if you believe
that all of the experts in the world the
scientists were looking
you know why the earth is getting warmer
if you believe they have not looked into
all aspects of the Sun you're not a
serious participant in the conversation
of course they have could they have done
it could they have made a mistake all of
them yeah anything's possible
but they looked at it stop saying they
didn't look at it and that you know a
guy who's a who has something he posted
on Twitter that says that they forgot
something about the Sun that's not real
all right yeah all the grand solar
minimum stuff don't be immature
scientists and imagine that you know
more than the actual scientists because
you you looked up at the Sun and you
thought they didn't think about it just
no please don't somebody says all the
experts are lying really they're all
lying if you said some of the experts
are lying or if you said the experts
might be wrong I'd say well maybe could
that could be but when you say all the
experts are lying you're not a credible
participant in the conversation that's
just ridiculous all right
I was claiming Scott asked the question
how is it that the climate maintains
itself so tightly the answer is it
doesn't you can look at you know the
history of the earth and you can see
that the climate has changed
substantially over that time it's just
that our human our little human time
scale is so short that it we don't
notice can you name one credible
scientist that has refuted the Sun how
about all of them maybe all of them 100%
of them
all right so I'm not gonna argue a
climate science on here today but I will
talk to you tomorrow