well let's try this I'm back I'm back
there's a little bug with the interface
here on periscope so if you don't select
the option we're taking guests before
you start the livestream you don't get
an option to do it afterwards that needs
to be fixed morning good morning good
morning if you'd love to enjoy this
morning even more
I recommend the following all you need
is a cup or a marker glass a tank or
jealous or Stein in the canteen jerker
flask a vessel of any kind fill it with
your favorite liquid I like coffee enjoy
me now for the unparalleled pleasure
that don't put me in the end of the day
the thing that makes everything better
including the pandemic it's called the
simultaneous hip and it starts now coke
mmm delicious well let's talk about all
the things I tell you I could not be
more fascinated by this whole Clorox
Lysol fake news thing it's really it's
it's a jaw-dropper because apparently
Pierce Pierce Morgan actually believes
that the president was wondering aloud
I've been corrected to now say that
people think the president recommended
it but rather to use a more accurate
phrase they he wondered aloud about
according to the gullible people
he wondered aloud about injecting Clorox
and Lysol into your body to fight
coronavirus which is not a thing if
anybody's listening it's not a thing it
will probably kill you almost certainly
kill you so don't do that there's also
the reason that anybody with a half
functioning brain should know that
whatever he was saying which was
admittedly unclear your your sense of
that's how the world works should have
led you to wonder hey I wonder if I'm
hearing this correctly maybe the context
is different than what I think and so I
got into a little back-and-forth just
before I got on with David Pakman you
may know him as a anti-trump er but the
weird thing is he's actually reasonably
smart and he thinks that the president
was wondering aloud his his race he
believes the president was wondering
aloud about injecting Clorox and Lysol
into bodies how could you be smart and
think that how can you even like how
could you have an IQ over a hundred I
think the president said that well the
answer is that the left still believed
the news did you see the was some survey
it might have been Rasmussen or somebody
we're saying that Democrats still
believe the news that the news is is
accurate not all of them of course but
and I thought that we left that place a
long time ago I thought nobody thought
that the news was was legitimate now the
best thing that the news does is that
they they create a problem and then they
assign the problem and blame Trump now
Trump created the opportunity for a
problem by communicating on clearly and
he probably should not have been talking
about medical stuff even in the
hypothetical I think we don't agree on
that but suppose suppose the public had
simply watched why he said and then
there were no pundits no news people to
tell people what to think about it I
don't think anybody would have watched
that and said I'm gonna go try
mainlining Clorox I don't think they
would have I think they would have just
said I don't know he's talking about but
obviously he doesn't mean you know I
don't know what he's talking about but
the one thing that's obvious he's not
talking about putting bleach and
isopropyl alcohol into your body on your
own
it was definitely nothing that but of
course the news reported that he was he
was saying that and if the news says
that he's wondering aloud about doing
this ridiculous thing who believes it
well it turns out that almost nobody on
the right believes and except Piers
Morgan piers Morgan actually believe
this happened I mean you can look at the
transcript and then you can you know
hear later he did a bad job of
explaining it at the time but once you
hear about the UV light to being used as
a disinfectant and it is injected into
the body maybe not the right word but
it's injected down your trachea what did
you know the context it's obvious that's
what he was talking about how could you
still cling to the fact that you think
he was wondering about injecting bleach
and isopropyl alcohol amazing so there's
a fairly predictable thing that happens
when you get into a conversation with
people about this which is it goes like
this and it happened with Pakman so
Pakman I guess had been watching me
debate this online and he tweets this he
says Scott I would take the loss on this
one and move on it's getting cringy
really I don't know how much harder I
could win
is it cringy that I'm calling out other
people for hallucinating something that
didn't happen is that cringey so I so I
asked him if he would say directly that
he believes the president was
recommending Clorox and isopropyl shots
because I wanted didn't I asked him
would you say that in public would you
say directly i watched the president and
his seemed to me he was recommending
Clorox and licensed shots and how did
David
respond he argued with the recommending
part that's not really the that's not
really the active part of the problem
here so he said no not recommending that
he wondered loud which of course would
be bad enough now I accept wondering
aloud as a better description I feel
that that would be fair to say wondering
aloud would be better than recommending
in terms of describing it but instead of
arguing the point which is that the
president was or was not talking about
bleach and isopropyl going into your
body Pakman retreats to argue about
whether was recommended or whether he
was wondering aloud do you see what's
happening you wouldn't be arguing about
the word recommended or vs. wondering
aloud you wouldn't argue that unless you
already knew that you had lost the
debate on whether it happened so whether
you described it as recommending it or
wondering aloud it doesn't matter
because it literally never happened
neither of those things happen there was
nothing that happened so describe how
you describe the thing that didn't
happen is somewhat irrelevant
so anyway then he decided that once he
had completely lost the debate in public
he did what everybody does when the
cognitive dissonance sets in he he
attacked the messenger and decided that
he should not talk to me because I'm a
bad faith actor that didn't go well so
if if you want to see my my curse laid
in response to him you can see that on
the tweet I won't say it out loud
here's the thing that people say when
they get caught the leaving some fake
news and you how many times have you
heard this but the president literally
said that you're about to find people
hoax he literally
said it I heard it he literally said it
if somebody's defending their point of
view but I'm saying there's somebody
literally said something that means they
don't understand how words work cuz
words don't work literally that's not
how words work I mean unless it's a
legal contract I suppose when people
talk their words are not to be taken
literally if you don't understand that
words are not meant literally typically
it's the normal way we talk you don't
really understand anything that's pretty
basic right if if I say man
politics are killing me today did I
literally say that politics are
literally killing me or is it obvious in
context
I don't literally mean it's killing me
so words are not to be taken literally
and anybody who imagines that it is not
working at a very high level now at the
same time that CNN is reporting that the
president wondered aloud about it
depending on who's talking about either
drinking bleach or injecting it of
course is not really being covered as a
major story on Fox they talk about it as
a story but it's just sort of a major
you know sort of we talked about it now
we'll move on but on CNN it's all they
have was like they're it's like their
main thing but on Fox they're talking
about how CN as CNN is not covering the
other story which is that Biden's
accuser Tara Reid the one who said that
Biden me tutor back in the 90s
apparently there was some evidence or
had been suggested that Tara Reid's
mother had once called Larry King on the
air and mentioned that her daughter who
was not named in the call had some
issues at work with a powerful person
and believe it or not that transcript
was found after all these years
and it sure enough Larry King took a
call at about that time from a woman who
said that her daughter was having some
problems with getting me to not using
those words by somebody powerful so it's
looking like the terror read claim
against Biden is kind of picking up
strength if you know what I mean and
it's pretty amazing that it's now being
covered on CNN it's amazing really how
come we're not pardoning Flynn and stone
already why is that taking so long you
know that's gonna happen right I mean it
has to happen I don't know if it's
commuter or pardoned or what what the
right words are but I think those guys
are not gonna go to jail or at least get
on jail is king john kim jeong-hoon
dead so that's the big story busy now
what the thing that's fascinating about
North Korea is that they they North
Korea can go a week with the whole world
wondering if their leader is dead and
they're they're still not willing to
confirm or deny it can you imagine any
other country in the world in which
there's a rumor about your leader is
dead and you don't immediately go on
television say oh no he's fine
here is where to go on television say
yeah you know you got us he's dead we're
doing the best we can well what's up
with that like what is North Korea not
even admit it could it be that they
don't want the civil unrest in North
Korea but allegedly China sending some
doctors over there but why would they
send doctors if he's already dead which
would suggest he's in some kind of a
vegetated vegetative coma situation or
something and there's thinking that Kim
jong-un's sister might be the one to
take over now here are the things I
wonder question number one is North
Korea the kind of culture where a woman
can be their leader I don't know the
answer to that question
is North Korea a place where a woman can
just become leader and everybody just
says okay now our leader is a woman or
is a place where they would say would a
woman for a leader we can't do that so
I'd like to get some visibility on that
question the other thing I wonder is
does the sister have blood on her hands
does anybody know how acquittals is the
word I should have used about Flynn and
stoning us so is this the second hoax
this year in the last 12 months that
involved bleach because you got the
Jessie smaller thing that involved
bleach and now you've got you know this
one it's like what is what is bleach
become two major fake news stories
that's weird
anyway so if Kim jong-un's sister does
not have blood in her hands does that
give us an opportunity and here's why I
asked the hardest thing about being a
brutal dictator is that you can't retire
how would you retire if you're a brutal
dictator and even if you wanted your
country to become a democratic country
you can't retire because you've killed
so many people to be a dictator that
you're gonna be jailed or killed or you
know you're gonna get that Qaddafi
Qaddafi treatment so I've always thought
there should be some way to remove a
dictator without killing them so that
they could say oh I'm just going to the
the island of retired dictators where
I'll live like a live like a god for the
rest of my life okay that's better than
being killed I'll take it and but in
this case if Kim jong-un is has health
problems or he's dead and his sister
takes over what if she doesn't have any
blood on her hands maybe she does so I
guess that would be the first thing to
find out but if she doesn't and when I
say doesn't I mean if she's just not
being directly blamed for having
somebody killed yeah maybe you could
stretch and say well she's part of
regimes of they'll have blood enhance
but if she's not directly tied to it
personally doesn't that give her the
opportunity to retire and buy retire I
mean could she now say look I'm gonna do
what's best for North Korea and that
might mean some kind of a merger with
South Korea
you know maybe very slowly over a long
period but I would like to retire from
the dictator business I don't have any
blood on my hands so I could just I
could just retire and become a an elite
living in the country that would be much
better because they combined with South
Korea so I wouldn't rule out that the
sister being in charge could be the key
to unlocking the whole thing it seems
unlikely I mean if you had to guess what
will happen she she probably would be
you know battling for power you know who
knows how long that will take before
somebody emerges who can consolidate
power you know and is the leader really
in charge or is it going to be the
military so there are a million things
that could go wrong but there's at least
one thing that could go right which is
if you shake the box maybe you get a
leader who just says you know I'm not
really that warlike I wouldn't mind just
working stuff out it's possible it's
possible we could just work stuff out
after this the the FCC has recommended
revoking four Chinese telecom companies
licenses and you know there's gonna be
more of that somebody says oh please
she's feared while I would imagine she'd
be feared but it would have to be also a
specific story of something that she did
that wasn't tied to Kim jong-un yeah
just just have an excuse I'm not saying
that she's clean
I'm saying that maybe you could make a
story that she is which would give you
some new options I don't see anything
that could change the fact that China is
in a lot of trouble
meaning that I think the United States
not I think the United States will be
decoupling we're gonna I think we'll
disconnect our internet from China I
mean at some point I think we won't even
be connected to their internet that's
possible and maybe that's unlikely but
it's possible all right
Kanye West is reportedly a billionaire
according to Forbes so congratulation
Kanye Kanye says that says he has over a
three billion net worth and Forbes says
it was over 1 billion but in any case
he's a billionaire so good job Kanye and
being a billionaire then there's also
some news of course these are all
anecdotal and you know it's no more
proven than hydroxychloroquine or
reservoir but there's an existing asthma
drug which apparently or at least
reportedly could have some value for
crota for virus patients with lung
problems it's called singulair so
singulair and existing asthma medication
so that would be exciting so there's
some anecdotal reports that that might
be kind of good all right I want to take
questions from anybody who believes that
the president was wondering aloud and I
want to only do these questions to see
if maybe there's nobody who wants to
argue this because I wouldn't if I had
that position I wouldn't want to argue
it in public but let's say there is so
I'm only gonna look for people so if
you've if you've gotten in line to ask
me a question please take yourself out
of the queue unless you want to argue
with me and take the side that Trump was
wondering aloud about injecting Clorox
and and other disinfectants so only
looking for that all right let's see who
is on here
all right so I figure the first few
people may not be wanting to argue that
so if I if I add you and you don't want
to make that argument I might kind of
short but I'm not I'm not trying to be
rude
all right guests can you hear me a
guests hello can you hear me yes I could
hear you nicolai do Europe yeah is our
connection good say something else yes
okay now did you are you here to talk
about the Clorox and Lysol yes in a way
I watched the conference live and in the
beginning of course I thought that he
made a reference on how I don't know he
did better he did make it a reference to
two different kinds of disinfectants I
go ahead and in the end watching the
journalist not telling any reaction on
the spot and then there was a question
later on from a journal I could tell
that maybe somebody from the studio was
telling him please go ahead pop the
question yeah you know yeah you're right
I do think that they're connected at
least by text - some kind of producers
or whatever Hotel more questions to ask
but clearly this was manufactured news
but in but you you don't believe that he
was actually wondering aloud about using
Clorox inside a inside a person right I
don't believe you that were that yeah
why I get a little bit of a hearing
problem here so I'm gonna disconnect
that call I think nothing personal all
right let's see if Susan is here to
debate Susan can you hear me
Susan hey Susan are you are you are you
here to talk about Clorox and Lysol
yeah um this one for me I feel like it
really it's the last straw when it comes
to the media and how destructive they
can be in this kind of situation Trump
in as I've watched him I see that he
this stream of consciousness kind of
conversation out loud he has lots of
good ideas but anytime someone does that
there's a lot of bad ideas you know that
sort of come out of your mouth realize
what you said right having said that
there are situations where UV light is
used medically as a disinfectant not
internally at this point but there are
respiratory aerosol medications that are
used in the case of our sve respiratory
syncytial virus so now not Clorox and
not Lysol but see him free associating
gee could we come up with a drug that
could get you know right into the lungs
and I know alright but are you aware
that there already
they've already invented and our testing
UV light that literally is engine stuck
down your trachea as part of like a
ventilator intubation and so they are
actually it's it's patented re and
they're they're going to test it if
they're not already so they're already
talking about using light internally and
you're at least your trachea if not your
lungs and they're disinfecting that way
yeah actually I think that's a great
idea because uh you know then you're not
have a chemical that your liver has to
detoxify no I you know I really think
enough is enough
and
I think we all know and trust that Trump
is smart enough not to tell anybody to
mainline Lysol and Clorox so you know
I'm just done with all of this
destructive kind of wasted time with
these kind of stories and I think it's
counterproductive so yeah I agree
all right thank you for the comments all
right
I'll bet nobody's gonna want to actually
debate me on this in public but I might
get lucky because I'm kind of curious
how somebody will respond once they hear
the actual context hello color can you
hear me can hear hi Scott
how you doing good how are you yeah not
too bad I'm calling here from iron
engine County Cork now now did you
believe the president was was wondering
aloud about putting Clorox and Lysol
inside the bodies well I was just
watching a video of Tim Poole and he
says that Trump had been given advice
about a and ejecting are inhaling
disinfectant into the lungs he had been
hearing that advice not long before the
press conference yeah there there are a
number of therapies in which a some kind
of a mist will be the right but but
there are things which you can inhale
and in other context they use them now
the the question of whether those would
be called a disinfectants or they would
simply have the effect of doing
something good that lets your body get
rid of the virus I think it's sort of a
technical question but certainly light
is a disinfectant and and he did show
that he noticed that that's you know
could be put in a body and if he was
speaking more generally about something
that could be put in the body to
distance
you're right at worst he was using a
word in a non specifically medical term
because we don't know if those things
would be disinfectants or would they
just be useful so yeah I mean but it
doesn't matter the only thing that
matters is nobody believes he was
talking about putting you know household
products down your body yeah that would
be ridiculous all right yeah I think
temple or did a link to and you might
visit us you to John he did a link to a
medical journal where they are let's say
inhaling hydrogen peroxide which would
be similar to bleach yeah
yes and I read that there that that in
some settings that's a thing that
already exists exactly like yeah and I
think I think apparently you know I
can't say but apparently Trump was
listening to this and the UV laser
treatment and maybe he you know he
simplified it in his own Trump way which
is fine and that he you know he might
got himself into trouble is what I yeah
yeah certainly certainly he should not
have been speculating in that medical
domain there's nowhere that could have
gone well but it is also true the weird
thing is that he got in trouble for
actually demonstrating in public that he
knows more than the public knows about
the options yet because because
everything he said was actually
medically sound he just used layperson
terms from all right thanks for the
thanks for the call thanks Scott bite
right all right I'll bet I'll find
nobody who's actually willing to debate
me let's see if there's anybody who
looks like I guess if I can find anybody
who looks like a Democrat at least does
anybody look like a Democrat alright I
gotta try this one this is just this be
a lucky guess alright black art can you
hear me can you hear me hey Scott
pleasure to meet you nice to meet you
you're here to talk about Clorox and
Lysol yeah and I'm not a Democrat but
one of the things that concerned me was
recently and I think it was yesterday
Trump was having a briefing in the Oval
Office and there was a reporter that
asks him to clarify his comments about
objections of disinfectants and Trump's
response was that he was being sarcastic
so I wonder if that makes this argument
a little bit more difficult on his side
well I've not met anybody on the left or
the right who thought that was a true
statement that he believed he was being
sarcastic or that he was being sarcastic
so given that nobody believes that's
true you'd have to you'd have to assume
that he was just trying to make the
question go hey in his Trump like way
which he succeeded in doing because the
last thing he wanted was to engage that
in the question because if anything he
said would be the next news cycle about
what some other thing he said unclearly
about medical stuff so I think he
probably I got the feeling especially
because he ended the news the press
conference earlier without questions I
got the feeling that he got the message
that non-medical people talking about
medical stuff is never going to go well
and and I think this is just a gas I
think he probably just looked at the
odds and said okay risk management if I
do this again there's no upside there's
no upside but there's lots of downside
because I could be taken out of context
again so why don't I just say it was
sarcastic nobody will believe me but
I'll just stick with that not about I'll
just stick with it I don't have to talk
about it it was I said this last night
on periscope it was the Rosie O'Donnell
move you know in the first the first
debate when he was asked about his bad
comments about women in general and
instead of answering the question he
said only Rosie O'Donnell which was a
ridiculous answer then nobody
his supporters believe it just was
completely non believable but it was so
interesting and weird that it made the
real question go away
he just took all the attention away so
when he said it was sarcastic I think
everybody said and my follow-up question
is why don't you know what to do with
that what do you do with that cuz you
know it's not true but he's actually
like it's true so you can't ask a
follow-up question there's nothing to do
so well he's just gonna say it was
sarcastic again well I have nothing else
to do so I can't read his mind I think
he just wanted the topic to go away and
he succeeded in not getting any more
quotes on medical topics you know anyway
it was it was not his finest week but
certainly the things he's being accused
of are not true either
all right thanks to the call thanks come
on we can get one person to argue this
how about this person who's who is not
fake news hello not fake news are you
there
sounds like you're cooking are you
cooking breakfast yes I am I hear bacon
is that bacon no I'm just cooking all
right well whatever you're cooking did
you did you want to talk about Clorox
and Lysol did I lose you I think you
tried to mute your phone and lost me
instead let's try let's try Nana what
somebody was gonna argue with me I
really can't get anybody to argue with
me today
see somebody who looks really like a
Democrat yeah I don't know who looks
like a Democrat Oh Frank doesn't have a
profile picture so let's try Frank now
Frank Frank Frank he is not going to
work either let's try this
let's Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin and he
goes away too so it looks like I don't
know if this is a technical problem or
if everybody's getting shy
let's try Gaby nope and she went away
hey let's try mystic mystic Deanna are
you there I'm good how are you do you
have a license question yes like an
oversight you know I don't think he
actually think that people should use
that and I can't believe people take
that so seriously well I'm trying to get
anybody to say in public that they
personally believe he said that because
if you if you really mail them down say
ok I know you're saying that you think
other people will think he said that but
what about you you know I'm trying to
find somebody who will say in public yes
my name is Jon I believe he said we
should inject Clorox into her veins I
want to see somebody say that with you
wait I think funny you know alright yeah
well thank you thanks for the call yeah
thank you
I'm gonna get somebody who will argue
with me I know I can do it without rebel
is it rebel rebel
Abell are you there
rebel
can hear me rebel so okay he joined not
to ask three I know are you here because
you thought the president was wondering
aloud about Clorox and Lysol injections
now I just think he was confusing as
most of the times his words are
confusing but there was definitely
confusing so I can't find any but why
why did he have to go into that
confusion I know this is not the
argument that you're asking for but you
know
well he's but he's he's he's told us
directly I think well he said that he is
sort of reflexively optimistic and he
likes to put out you know potential
things there could be answers so he
likes the creativity of it he said that
he's actually interested in the you know
the science and the medical bar he has a
genuine interest in the field so he
talks about things he's interested in
and he talks about things that could be
in an optimistic world answers so he's
already said that he talks about
potential potential solutions even if
they're not known to be solutions so it
was just more of that but I think
everybody agrees at this point it was a
bad idea I think somehow I see
similarities in to the pouchy
firing that he retweeted and he said I
like controversy confusion well he does
because whenever whenever it's a
confusing world he's the easy the person
who's got the most power because he has
the biggest signal so if everybody else
is confused whoever's making the most
noise is gonna get the most attention
alright thank you
although he pronounced my name correctly
okay all right so it looks like I'm not
gonna find anybody to argue with me over
that and
that's about all I have for today so
somebody says Scott you are a shill so
at love this one so you say Scott you
are a shill would you be willing to come
on in and discuss that so I'll give you
a moment I will put you on live and you
can give me your argument for why I
Michelle which would necessarily require
you to make points instead of attacking
me personally because you notice that
every time I move the the left into a
cognitive dissonance place they accuse
me of being a bad faith actor rational
because that's what you do when you run
out of argument well a matter of
argument so that guy talking must be bad
so I love this let's see if you've added
yourself as a potential guest it does it
doesn't seem you're willing to say that
to me in public huh so surprising yeah
alright that's it for me I got nothing
else apparently that's entertaining so
I'll talk to you tonight you know where
to find me on periscope I'll talk to you
then