bum bum bum bum bum bum hey everybody
come on in here it's time it's a little
bit late this morning I know but I give
you time to get your coffee and to get
ready for coffee with Scott Adams and
when we get to a thousand viewers we
will enjoy a simultaneous sip almost
there
waiting waiting here it comes and now
the simultaneous EMPA yes I am late I
was working sorry
it happens so I've been trying to
upgrade my my system here so I can do
some split-screen things and I've
discovered once again the reason that my
startup is making a already makes an app
called interface where you can talk to
an expert in real time now there were no
experts on this particular topic but as
we grow our experts I hope there will be
so here's what I was trying to do I
bought this this wireless camera system
where you can hook up your your iPhones
and other cameras and then you can do
split screens and like a real production
thing from an iPad and I thought to
myself hey I'm unreasonably clever with
technology I've spent a lot of time with
this stuff I will buy that kit it's
called the sling studio and I will make
it work with my cameras and my laptop
and it comes with pretty much no
documentation but you know you can go
online and find things and the most
basic thing I needed to do using it with
this OBS software somebody said go with
OBS OBS is the thing I haven't been able
to get working for about two years I'm
trying it on different computers I tried
it with all kinds of different equipment
and I've never gotten it to work I can
get it to do things but the very next
time you
down all the settings are lost and you
have to start from scratch and reload
software and you know unhook things and
power things down and reboot so it
doesn't look like it's a it's a real
system that can work but I'm not done
with it yet
it's too laggy and your Mac somebody
said yeah here's the problem
so I try to go online to find out an
answer to a very simple question which
is how do I get the signal from this box
I bought into my Macintosh like what's
the you know that seems like the most
obvious question is it a cable is it
bluetooth is it the Wi-Fi that comes
with it how do I connect them and of
course I look at the picture and it just
shows like a dotted line like what the
hell what the hell is a dotted line
telling me now if you dig deeper and
deeper and you look at all these YouTube
videos of people doing stuff they're
like 15 minute videos in which I have
one question and I don't know if it's in
that 15 minutes it's not just one of
them
it's dozens of them so last night I'm
spending I know maybe two hours looking
at one YouTube video after another
looking for somebody to tell me the
answer to this one question which can't
be searched if I had access to someone
who used this system before I would have
picked up the interface by one hub app I
would have looked for that keyword sling
studio I would have hit a button and in
five minutes somebody would have said
well if you're using it with a Macintosh
you need to buy an external box called a
that's essentially the the video card
forint now that's not on the picture and
I can't find anybody in the video that
talks about it and when I put that up
box on there because it turns out I had
one when I connected it still doesn't
work
so now what what do you do so I have
several thousands of dollars worth of
equipment and no real way to get from
buying it
to using it there's no documentation and
the simplest questions of how does it
hook up I can't even find so my yeah my
larger topic here is that there's this
entire world of things that are between
things you can search for on Google and
things you would have to hire somebody
to be your engineer or your expert or
your lawyer or your doctor it's just
this vast need anyway I'm watching all
of your comments coming in negative
telling me move on move on I was trying
to make a larger point that it's not my
problem per se that I'm worried about is
that there's an enormous knowledge gap
and I've said before that this is the
golden age and that the golden age would
be defined by the golden age would be
defined by most of our problems being
psychological and mental and this is a
good example because there's so much
more I could do if I had access to an
expert for just five minutes just five
minutes okay let's talk about that sonic
weapon in Cuba I saw New York Times
article an update saying that now they
believe it really maybe possibly was
some kind of a microwave weapon that
injured the diplomats in the Cuban
embassy and remember my initial take on
that was that it was probably a mass
hysteria and that there's no way the
Cubans were secretly targeting Americans
at an embassy it would be an act of war
there just wasn't any reason for it
there's no particular reason so
so yeah and maybe maybe 5g is the
problem yeah so and I was also reading
an article that 5g it was actually a
Dvorak article that 5g might be kind of
unhealthy has anybody heard that before
apparently there's something about the
spectrum or the vibration that 5g makes
that could be unhealthy so you know you
could make a weapon out of this stuff
that part I think is is certain but
here's my updated theory on what
happened to the diplomats if it's a
weapon it's definitely not coming from
but the cuban government if it's a
weapon it's definitely not coming from
the russian government either because it
would be an act of war and neither of
them have any reason to do such a thing
it just wouldn't make sense and in any
world that we can imagine but that
doesn't mean there's not some crazy
person who was doing it but the bigger
part of my prediction of mass hysteria
is that however many people were
actually affected by a real thing
whether that real thing was a weapon or
some kind of bizarre disturbance in the
force whatever it was I'm gonna say that
there are more people imagining it
that they they had effects then there
are people who actually have it whatever
the cause is so that's my updated
opinion on that let's talk about the
McCain funeral I tried I tried so hard
not to you know talk about the funeral
while it's happening you know to give
the family some space I tried not to
make it political I tried just to show
respect as much for veterans in general
and for the family as for McCain who of
course isn't around to be bothered but
the I can't I just can't be silent
anymore
as watching the spectacle here's how I
imagined it shook out so we're told that
McCain planned his own funeral sad or
ceremony so McCain decided to was
invited he decided what you know who was
speakers I guess that sort of thing but
he probably did not look at the actual
eulogies I assume he probably did not
look at the actual words that people
would be speaking
how could he really and the very thing
that he wanted we understand
could be wrong about this but it looks
like the thing he wanted was the
president trumpet be left out and that
it you know he he not be you know made
the star of McCain's funeral so McCain
didn't want to be overshadowed here
again I'm speculating by Trump because
they weren't they weren't on good terms
and you know why do you want the guy
that you don't like being the the shadow
over your funeral you know it just feels
like you want less of that and he did
not get his final wish John McCain did
not get his final wish because the
people who spoke I won't name names but
there there was this implied contrast to
President Trump as you know don't be
like him be more like McCain and I just
it bothers me that you can't plan your
own funeral and get one thing
sorry sometimes you just have to swear
they're there sometimes when not
swearing doesn't work if you can't yet
you know you've done this life of
service you've been in the military
you've been a PW you've been the senator
or you've tried to serve your country
you've tried to be this you know this
honorable person the good role model and
when it's you know your your own funeral
you only wanted one thing I mean I'm
sure you wanted other things but there
was one thing that you were pretty clear
about let's make it less about Trump and
he didn't get that one thing so now of
course the the news industry is largely
guilty for this it's not so much the
speeches that people gave but the way
the news covers that made it essentially
all about the president playing golf yes
a dying wish should be honored and it
doesn't look like the the the major
networks decided to under that or what
they what I imagine it was his wish
anyway
why was Palin excluded you know I'm not
too interested in the Sarah Palin
question because again if you're dying
you get to pick who was close to you who
mattered and even though they had a you
know a work association probably it
wasn't that close after that just
guessing so I don't think we should
second-guess why he did or not in fact I
would go further we should not
second-guess why he did or not did or
did not invite anyone it just shouldn't
be our issue it's it was his show he got
to invite anybody you wanted for any
reason he wanted there there is no more
asking questions about that all right
there was a touching scene some of you
saw in which President Bush Bush 43
shared some candy with Michelle Obama as
they were sitting in the funeral front
row there and it was just sort of a cute
moment
well I felt like even that was about
President Trump
and maybe that's just me but it seems to
me that you know the reason that they
would show that little clip over and
over again is to show hey look even
President Bush 43 was good friends with
Michelle Obama and you know why can't
why can't other presidents be like that
so it felt like even the the smallest
moment which really was about a candy it
was about literally it was about a piece
of candy it feels like the way it was
reported was almost a maked about
President Trump now maybe I'm reading
too much into it but you know that
that's that's that feeling that's over
everything right now all right yeah and
that's a lot of a lot of funeral I think
we're a funeral now for the weekend
anyway all right I'm just looking at
your comments so there wasn't much else
happening of any importance in the news
the next big thing will be the big tech
companies testifying about whether or
not they're biased against conservatives
but here's that here's a thought I had
yesterday I want to I want to do a
little mental experiment another another
experiment that you can try at home I'll
tell you why I'm doing this at a moment
but first I want you to see if you can
imagine two things at the same time so
this is the test to see if you can
visually imagine two things that are in
different places looking at something in
front of you maybe it's you know maybe
it's the computer itself just look at it
and visually while you're looking at me
right now so visually just put your
visual focus on the screen you're
looking at where you see me at the same
time and without losing your visual kind
justice of what you're looking at right
now imagine somewhere in Africa there's
a giraffe and now imagine that giraffe
in the jungle but don't stop imagining
what you're looking at right now so I
want you to simultaneously see if you
can imagine like have your visual senses
on me at exactly the same time you're
simultaneously thinking about a
completely different image that's in
Africa and it's a giraffe can you do it
can you do it and if you can do it do
you feel like you're holding both
thoughts simultaneously or does it feel
like you're rapidly switching between
them maybe so rapidly that you can't
tell you're doing it but which does it
feel like you know and I'll tell you why
I'm asking probably there's no
definitive answer that but the the
question is do you multitask are you
seeing both of them at the same time and
if you if you are how many of those
could you add to the scene can you
imagine five things at the same time
some of you did a split screen that's
cheating some of you did a little mental
trick where you split the screen of your
imagination and put the draft here and
be on the other side which is very smart
by the way and I don't know how it makes
you wonder how primitive people would
have done this since we've all seen
televisions with split screens I I will
confess I did the same thing when I was
doing the experiment myself is that I
imagined them on a canvas next to each
other so that they weren't really in
different places I could I could see
them sort of at the same time but here's
where I'm going on this it seems to me
that one of the biggest changes in
humanity is coming and it's it's
integrating a computer memory with human
memory now in a sense we've already
we've already done that because you know
our devices have memory and we can
offload things we don't want to remember
like phone numbers and and all kinds of
stuff so in a sense we
we often log memory but it's a clunky
process of talking into your phone or
typing into it and it doesn't if you
want to recover something you've got to
type it in and everything whereas your
actual brain is is retrieving things
automatically like instantly almost
instantly and automatically so could you
ever have a computer maybe a chip or
something that's just part of your brain
that is somehow working instantly to
offload memories so your brain doesn't
have to remember them and here's the
hard part to serve them back up again
effortlessly without you having to type
something or ask for something could you
build that here's how I think you could
do it imagine if you will this chip or
whatever is just part of you so where
wherever it is on your body you've got
some kind of computer and let's say it's
connected to the cloud so you have
infinite storage so it's not infinite
technically but in terms of economics
and you know the cost of storage going
down you have effectively infinite
storage because it's in the cloud so you
could have that thing watching and
listening to everything that you do from
that moment on and it would be recorded
in two places one is your organic mind
and the other is in the cloud because
you've got a device that's that's
experiencing the same thing at the same
time as you are now that would take care
of augmenting your natural memory
because your natural memory might
remember you know 3% of any situation
over time whereas the the fake one would
get a hundred percent of it and but the
hard part is what would the recall
method be what would what would be the
actual interface between your organic
mind and and the cloud connected through
your technology that knows everything
here's what I suggest the early version
of this will probably work through
something like glasses or content
lenses or something but it should look
like this you know how some things
remind you of other things so for
example I'll give you a the worst this
is just a terrible example but it's the
best I can do in short notice so say if
I showed you this cable probably some of
you and of the 1,700 people watching
this probably some of you thought of a
worm or a snake but if you did that
thought instantly went away because it
wasn't really relevant it was just
something that reminded you of alright
so it's not a snake so it wasn't
important if you were reminded of it but
you know here it is but suppose because
your computer part of your brain in the
future would be able to do image
matching so if if it saw something that
was similar to something else
suppose it served it up onto your
glasses as sort of a a weak overlay to
what you were looking at but it didn't
last long it just went boop-boop gone so
quickly that it didn't really affect
your driving or your conversation but
the moment you you looked at this your
glasses would sort of a Boop a snake
Boop and it would go away that would be
a way that you are a computer brain
could be somewhat effortlessly serving
up associations because your memory
works on Association you see something
and it reminds you of something that was
like it now let's say that you are
trying to remember something from the
past and you're talking about oh yes I
remember my I remember my 30th birthday
celebration bla bla if your technology
can hear you're talking and they hears
you saying hey we're talking about my
30th birthday or maybe even the other
person talking about it could it just go
into your photographs and start flicking
some photographs in front of your in
front of your screen so that you can
reminded of the exact people who were
there and the exact situation what you
wearing and everything else I'm thinking
that what the big the most important
change in our human evolution will be
when we figure out that interface
between the infinite knowledge of the of
the cloud and how do you get that into
your brain directly and I think that
just flashing images on your glasses for
a moment and then leaving them might get
you there and then on top of that once
you saw the image if you cared about it
you could say I shall be somewhat more
of those and then it would show them all
or me or or send them to your phone or
something
all right so you want to live forever
Scott here's the thing I know for sure
somebody will live forever there's no
doubt in my mind about that but there
are organic parts may either be
permanently replenished or it makes more
sense to me that we just get rid of them
over time so that we become just part of
the Machine and I've said before that
I'll probably be one of the first is
there a word for trade-ins human or
something I personally will probably be
one of the first people who make the
leap from being organic into being a
total wreck
recreation of my personality why do I
say that
well these periscopes for one some AI in
the future will be able to take all of
my periscopes and build a perfect
recreation of me talking and acting and
yeah it can read all my books and will
know everything I think about everything
the only thing I won't have is some of
my specific memories but I can I can
feed my digital images in there and it
can search the internet and find out a
lot about me so because I have I have
for so many decades been sending a fire
hose of information about me personally
my opinions my looks my style
into the Internet where it is stored
forever
some AI will be able to recreate me
and I don't think there's anything any
doubt that that will happen so I
personally probably will live forever
in software form my personality will
probably go on will that version to have
hair probably not so I'm not saying that
I would move my personality to the
computer I'm saying that we could exist
at the same time so you could you can
recreate me while I'm still alive and I
could actually you know I can debug it
so this is a better model imagine that
somebody builds it while I'm still alive
that says hey spend some time with this
and see if it acts like you and then I
spent some time with it and I say oh it
seems to have a lack of knowledge in
this one area that I haven't have some
knowledge and then the programmer says
oh I can fix that
how much do you know about let's say
photography don't say well and scale one
to ten I'm probably a four and then it
will just add that level of knowledge to
my clone and now it's pretty close to me
you sure you want your trumpet sycophant
a out there so the people who call me a
sycophant or an apologist are part of
the large class of what I call the
mind-reading people the people who
believe quite literally that they can
read the minds of strangers because if
you call me a sycophant or an apologist
the other word that people like to use
they're making assumptions about what's
in my mind
have you watched me for more than five
minutes because if you have you probably
have noticed that if I thought like
other people you wouldn't be watching me
so right now there are 1,400 people
watching me in this periscope how many
people are watching the other people on
periscope right now fewer right and part
of it is because I don't think like
other people and I don't mean that as a
compliment to myself it's just an
objective fact the reason that you you
watch anybody is because they're not
like the other people all right so it is
it is my distinctive thought that is the
reason you you even know to insult me
you wouldn't even be able to insult me
if I didn't think differently from you
so if the people who know they think not
like I do believe they can anticipate
what I'm thinking in my inner thoughts
the part I'm not sharing with anybody
that's not good thinking right you do
not have the ability to understand the
inner thoughts of people who are
objectively and unambiguously not like
you right could I have could I have a
good idea of what LSA yeah a 12 year old
girl in Africa is thinking or would I
have a good sense of how she thinks
no because not her I don't even spend
time with people who would be enough
like her that I could even have a
reasonable guess what she's thinking
about most things so likewise when those
of you who accused me of having this
with that motive you should know that
number one year robbed my motives are
complicated and I don't know if I've
ever explained them to anybody but
sycophant and apologist would not be
anywhere close to whatever my internal
mental process is so just know then if
you think you can read the thoughts of
strangers you're almost always wrong and
if you think you can read this straight
the thoughts of strangers who are
objectively not like you and so if you
are a let's say you're an anti chopper
trying to understand the mind of
somebody who is supporting him is almost
impossible you know Scott that's BS I
almost got you troll if you come back
again I'll get you oh there we go
gotcha so you can make it is reasonable
to make assumptions about what other
people are thinking and you have to do
that just to navigate life but you
should know those situations when you're
likely to be good at it versus those
situations when you're not likely to be
good at it
so for example if you're dealing with
your best friend or a spouse or
something and it's a very familiar
situation it's like I've been here
before and you've talked with the other
person about how they think about these
situations well maybe in those very
specific cases that are well constrained
somebody you know somebody you've
already talked about how they feel about
this thing in those cases you could
probably make reasonable assumptions you
wouldn't be right every time but you
could make assumptions about how people
are thinking but if you're looking at a
famous person that has a completely
different set of opinions and experience
from you there are different demographic
everything else and you think oh yeah I
know what you're thinking and by the way
here's the other tell what you're
thinking would make you an idiot
I know what you're thinking I can see it
in there and I can tell you're you're a
horrible person on the inside if you're
having those thoughts you're almost
certainly wrong almost certainly because
internally people don't think there's
anything wrong with the way they're
thinking some do I suppose the associate
paths and stuff but most people are
having positive thoughts on the inside
they think they're acting for the
greater good
at least in political sense and you're
outside assumptions that they're evil or
whatever
or ridiculous I just explained the
extremes on both sides yeah it's the
extremes that get all the attention so
as many people have pointed out you know
the politics if you were going to
describe politics in the simplest
possible way it's like trying to capture
the the entire field of politics not in
terms of what the actual politicians are
doing but how the rest of us are talking
about it the rest of us are talking
about it this way we're looking at the
worst people in the other group and
we're trying to convince our group and
the rest of the people in the group who
are not like those worse people that
they really are like those worse people
so we're trying to tell the other side
of what their brand is based on their
worst people you see it with you know
the right calls left a bunch of
socialists and antiphon you know
criminals or whatever else and the left
is calling the right a bunch of racists
and KKK because there are some of them
in that group there are some of the
other people in the other group somebody
said what emotions go to the cloud they
could there's nothing that would stop
that from happening
you could you could code emotions
effectively so sorry I'm changing I saw
a comment coming in so I change topics
or a little bit so stop mind reading
[Music]
Obamacare is socialism yeah here's let
me let me put a stake in the ground
here's my stake in the ground
anybody who Q accuses the left of
socialism is not part of the intelligent
conversation I want to say it again so
you can get really mad I'll watch my
numbers drop to zero now all right if
you're accusing the Democrats of being
socialists and you think you've said
something you haven't you're not part of
the
in conversation you're not it's it's
really just the Wrights version of the
left calling the right racists when the
left says all your Republicans are
racist well it's not true and and it's
not useful and it's not even smart when
the right calls the left socialists
it's not smart it's not true and it's
not helpful so every time I see somebody
whether it's on here or anywhere else on
the internet say those socialists or
Alexandra bolas a socialist as if just
the word itself won you the argument now
here's the part we all agree with full
socialism hasn't worked and you know
probably can't work so trying to equate
the you know the little bit of sharing
socialism you know shared burden that
some people think would be a good idea
and I'm not saying it is a good idea but
trying to equate that with socialism
like the full full on socialism is just
not good thinking it's not good thinking
it's not useful it's not persuasive
except your own team who are being
bamboozled by your overuse of the word
so there are a number of things which
the country does which are socialist in
nature a little bit the reality is that
our best world probably is the
government does some things for us and
we try to limit what that is so it
doesn't get out of control
I saw a fascinating thing by the way um
so a fascinating website by I wonder if
I could call it up here I don't want to
make you wait while I'm looking for
something but there's somebody running
for Congress a libertarian I think I can
find it quite quickly
Martin Cowan Cowan for Congress
and I'm gonna give a little shout-out to
his website they'll tell you why it has
to do with health care so he's got so if
Martin Cowan for Congress Georgia
13th and I'm not endorsing him I'm not
I'm not endorsing him I'm just saying
that he's going to website he is running
for Congress he's a libertarian and he's
got a number of topics on his website
that one of them health care in
particular was super interesting
now his his argument is that the
government and its rules essentially
have made it impossible to lower health
care costs and he has a bunch of bunch
of well how come it doesn't show here
that's reason that's interesting
show more there it is okay I'm gonna
read this is Martin Cowens
suggestions he's a libertarian he's
running for Congress in Georgia the
thirteenth and he's listed some specific
suggestions for lowering health care
costs and apparently this would
according to him would lower health care
costs a lot like a lot but here's the
problem I don't understand any of it and
that will be my point so as I read
through this I want you to see if you
say to yourself oh yeah I totally
understand that that's a good point
or do you say to yourself I don't
understand any of this now I'm not
making fun of Martin because for all I
know these are great suggestions they're
there they're written in a way which
suggests that they're serious and that
they might actually be something we
should look into so none of this is none
of this is a criticism of the person who
wrote it you know it's a criticism of
our ability to understand the complexity
of it okay here it is unequivocally
unequivocally state the problem in
federal legislation the problem with
American healthcare is that the system
is a coercive government monopoly okay
well that you know maybe that's good for
framing but that doesn't get you
anywhere right away
here's the next one repeal all
certificate of need laws nationwide now
I didn't know there was such a thing as
a certificate of need law so I don't
know is that a good idea maybe here's
another one
stop all government funding of MD
residency's what so apparently the
residency for doctors people who are in
residency have government funding and
that must and why is that good does it
limit the number of doctors is it
anti-competitive I don't really know the
point I'm not saying there's no point
and I'm not saying this isn't smart
I'm saying it's smarter than I am
because I don't understand it reduce the
jurisprudence of the FDA if not
completely including drugs at least for
medical devices including phone apps
this one I understand a little bit the
FDA has control over not just drugs and
we most of us would want that to
continue
but for medical devices that don't even
touch your body you know that they have
almost no contact with your body or they
or a or it's a sensor and that touches
you so this is from Martin Cowan's
webpage he's he's running for Congress
in Georgia and 13th here's another one
allow fully qualified foreign doctors
MDS to be fully licensed to practice in
the US without further ado allow up and
immigration for all foreign doctors on
condition that they agreed to practice
medicine for at least five years upon
entry now on the surface I don't know is
that a good idea I don't know but it's
interesting I can't tell if it's a good
idea repeal all health care substance
subsidies through the VA Medicare and
Medicaid I have no idea if that's a good
idea or even really what it means
abolish M EC which stands for minimum
essential coverage regulations nation
I have no idea if that's a good idea and
all price controls nationwide I have no
idea if that's a good idea
allow purchase of prescription drugs
from anywhere worldwide I don't even
understand that I don't understand why
we can't do that is it legal is it for
safety I have no idea
repeal the tax deductibility of
employer-provided health insurance well
that's probably something you could do
if you do all the other changes as well
but I don't know what's the plus and
minus of that
repeal all laws requiring mandatory
vaccinations worldwide okay I'm not on
board with that one but I'd listen to
his argument repeal liability immunity
laws protecting pharmaceutical companies
from product liability and abolish the
federal vaccine Court no idea I have no
idea if that's a good idea or a bad idea
but I'm Pro vaccine until proven
otherwise I mean I could be talked out
of it but at the moment I'm Pro vaccine
completely separate welfare or health
care from private health care health
insurance under a pure libertarian
system well I have no idea if that's
good idea
so here's the problem with with all of
these suggestions is that you and I
really can't evaluate them because we
don't know what we don't know so I could
maybe understand what the argument is
but I wouldn't understand and I wouldn't
have any way of knowing what would an
expert who disagreed with them say about
it every time you see one side of a
debate you're not seeing anything if
it's a complicated situation it's the
same with climate change if you see
either side the skeptics or the pro
climate warming is a big problem and
humans cause decide whichever side you
see if you see them in isolation it's
useless
we believe it's useful because we fool
ourselves into thinking we understand it
but we don't we do not understand that
because you're not hearing the other
side or even if there isn't one you're
not even hearing if there isn't another
side that alone is a big
look at the facts and make up your mind
I have a chapter in my new book talking
about how ridiculous that is so if
somebody said you know essentially do
the research yourself look at the facts
and make up your mind that's not a thing
it's that's a pure illusion it is pure
illusion to think that non experts can
analyze an expert field that even the
experts can only master parts of and
then in them come to an opinion based on
your own research now I'm not saying you
wouldn't get the right answer because
some of these are yes/no and some people
are going to come up with yes and some
are gonna come up with no so some of the
people are gonna get the right answer
and if later somehow it was proven that
there was a right answer those people
would say see I did my own research I
got the right answer why can't everybody
do that well the obvious answer is that
there were a lot of people who did their
own research and came to an opposite
conclusion with us doing your own
research on these top licky complicated
topics is just random you're doing
nothing but you know finding a finding a
position you're comfortable with and
then probably talking yourself into it
but it is not rational for the
complicated topics to say do your own
research can't get there there's an ABC
poll about blacks support for Trump at
3% I didn't see that but there is
definitely something going on with the
polls about black support for President
Trump
there's something going on so you know
if you're seeing the three percents and
the 30% or whatever they're not both
right they could both be wrong but the
herd net they're definitely not both
right and and I think at this point
[Music]
black America has completely screwed
itself by deciding with
siding with people outside the country
you know if you could I'm laughing
because it's so horrible
not because it's funny I have a bad
habit of laughing of things that are
just beyond terrible and what's beyond
terrible is that this president has made
it as clear as you could possibly make
it that if you're American you're on his
team and if you're not American you're
on the other team and it seems to me
that black America has had I think
they've lost it at this point probably
but a huge opportunity to work with the
administration to get some things that
the Democratic administration has no
reason to give them yeah the Democrats
have the vote oh and by the way let me
let me say something else that will
probably get me in trouble let's see if
I can get myself in trouble a little bit
I have a hypothesis and it goes like
this that prior to Obama running for
office there was a lot more crossing
boundaries in terms of ethnicity meaning
that there were more black people
willing willing to vote for a white
candidate and and vice versa in other
words that people were thinking okay I
just want to vote for the qualified
person but when Obama got what was it 95
percent of the black vote what is the
actual number somebody do the
fact-checking at me what what percentage
of the black vote did Obama get was a 95
percent or somewhere and then they wrote
I think that 96 percent somebody saying
I wonder if that destroyed democracy
because if let me just ask you this if
so I won't be talking for myself here
I'll put this in terms of a question to
you if you were white
and you saw that 96% of black voters
voted the same way well how did that
make you feel did it make you feel like
you needed to vote for the white
candidate next time no matter how bad he
was did it make you feel that that that
the old version of voting for who was
the best candidate who would do the best
job for the whole melting pot did it
make you feel that that model just broke
because with 96% going for the person
who looks like them it I think that
changed other people who said um it's
okay now just to vote for your ethnicity
when did that become okay well if it's
okay it's okay
I think a lot of people but my guess is
that Obama made Trump possible I believe
that there were probably a lot of people
who just said I'm just gonna vote for
the one who's you know who looks like me
I I wonder about the the unintended
backlash of that now I was if you didn't
already know this
I was Pro Obama I was happy that he got
elected and I've said that he did a
solid job as president I know that's
very unpopular thing to say here and I
was glad that he got elected in large
part because I thought that it was just
time you know the way everybody else
thought the same thing it's just time
yeah you need to get somebody in there
who's not just a generic white guy
because the country needs to move
forward get past this etc but I think it
might have had the opposite effect it
might have actually pulled people apart
which certainly wasn't what I had in
mind I thought it would do the opposite
I thought it would bring people together
but the other thing you did and this is
another unintended consequence is that
the government can't do that much for
people and it can't do that much for
black people
even if your president is black even if
Congress was black there's sort of a
natural limit of how much you can do and
so that was a setup for the situation
that the black population would think
that Obama didn't do enough so you get
this weird situation where there's
nearly a solid block of voters for the
group that has no no interest and no
advantage in helping the group that
voted for them because they have their
vote you know I've said this before
right that if you know if you know
you're gonna get the black vote and
Democrats do if you know you've got
their vote why would you do anything for
him the politics doesn't work that way
you know yeah you have to do something
for people to to get them to vote now
the Democrats you could argue got their
the the honest way through LBJ and you
know civil rights and stuff so the
Democrats have earned the black vote I
think that would be a fair perspective
but what have they done lately you know
is it enough I would say that the black
community at least people I've talked to
would tell you well we really were
expecting more but if you expected more
and you vote again ninety six percent
and I think that will happen for the the
side that didn't give you anything
lately are they gonna give me a
something it wouldn't be rational if if
Hillary had been elected would it be
rational for her to do something that
addressed the black community
specifically probably not because why
does she need to she could work on other
things that that were more fruitful so
and now take the other side
how about President Trump does he have
an incentive to do something that would
be unambiguously good for the black
community well some people say he
doesn't because he's
you know he's pandering to his base but
here's the thing is the base I'm going
to leave president Trump because he did
something like prison reform that was
good for everybody it just happens to
affect African American citizens more no
no Prison Reforms probably just a good
thing if it integrates people back into
society and makes them productive what
about any work with the inner cities
what about anything that helps urban
areas does anybody think that's a bad
idea no no because you know the country
is better if we help those areas so the
president has a pretty good incentive to
do things that would be good for the
black community but the black community
is not willing to work with him on in
big enough numbers to to make that
really successful there obviously there
are plenty of black supporters of this
president in absolute numbers but in
terms of percentages is still still way
low are you naive Scott every red state
as a huge profit for prison I'm not sure
how that exactly is counter to what I'm
saying because I've never heard anybody
who based their vote on what was good
for the private prison industry I don't
think people base votes on that and
there is a prison reform bill that Jared
Kushner's folks are trying to try to get
through that would help retrain people
and let them out early with credits for
retraining and stuff that seems to be
counter to what would be good for the
private prison situation maybe not maybe
the private prisons would be performing
the extra services so I don't know how
that works
I had his Trump solves the problem I
don't know I've got a feeling that I
think the media has
has rendered this unsolvable the the
only way that opinions are gonna change
is if CNN MSNBC and and the big tech
companies decide to change those
opinions you know as I've said before we
don't live in the world where people
form it opinions independently we're
social creatures were influenced by lots
of things and our our opinions are
mostly assigned to us by the media that
we choose to watch so the people who are
watching left-leaning media adopt
left-leaning opinions eventually even if
they didn't start that way so if you're
asking what can the president do to fix
relations with African Americans I'm
coming around to the conclusion that the
answer is nothing because the only
person the only group that could fix
that would be the media and the media
has an extraordinarily strong interest
in keeping it broken
so if you were black and you knew that
you don't have a chance of fixing things
because the media isn't going to allow
that to happen I wouldn't be very happy
about it but it's your own media that
you're chosen it's your it's your
preferred source of media that is
keeping the situation bad there's a
little thought experiment experiment
suppose let's say the media that is
typically anti-trump decided to run some
stories saying positive things about
black unemployment and unless I not
counting Fox News right let's say that
the CNN's MSNBC is in the world start
running stories about black unemployment
being great about the vocational
training stuff that the administration
is doing about that helping the
african-american community let's say
they do stories about you know the the
blight removal projects which which are
not
believe the administration but there are
things that are good for the black
community in particular let's say they
just started focusing on some of the
good things and like prison reform well
suppose they did that what would happen
well the first thing that would happen
is that the administration would say
holy cow this really helps us to be
doing more of this stuff when we do more
of this stuff we get all of the all of
the press coverage we want and that
keeps us in power and that's good
so in my in my view of the world the
press determines what the public is
worked up about for the most part and
the press has decided to keep keep the
public worked up about racism because it
works now here's a question that only
just now occurred to me if your if you
were on the left and your biggest issue
was the courts and specifically your
biggest issue was let's say reproductive
rights and let's say you know you're an
anti-trump er but really it's the courts
and it's the reproductive rights in
particular those are the things and
maybe gay rights those are the things
you really really care about would you
want this administration to fix racial
relations here's the problem it wouldn't
work in your favor if your main
interests were those other things the
courts because if the President did well
by the various groups who are not voting
for him if let's say he did something
great for you know the Hispanic
community for the black community and it
was obvious and it was clear and
everybody agreed yeah that's pretty good
they might vote for him and then your
courts are not going to give you the
courts that you want if you're on the
left so the left has a problem which is
fixing racism would be the literally the
worst thing they could do think about
that in order for the people on the left
the the white people on the left yeah
let me make this even more provocative
in order for the white people on the
left to get what they want most because
the white people are left are not
personally being discriminated against
but they might personally need an
abortion so my guess is that the white
people on the Left care about the courts
a lot they care about racism too I think
that's genuine but they probably care
more about the courts and if that's the
case they don't want racism fixed under
this administration because they want
this as administration and of their as
quickly as possible and the the racism
claim is the strongest play so the black
voters have been pushed into a horrible
corner in which their situation has been
created in which neither side has any
reason to help them because if if the
president did something genuinely good
it was just you know unambiguously good
for the black community he would
probably only do something that was good
for low-income people maybe it just
helped the black community more would
the press give him credit for that I
don't think there's any chance so so the
press has removed this administration's
incentive to really fix the problem or
to even address it in a in an aggressive
way it just wouldn't work anything they
do is going to be characterized as well
just more racism and the left has no
reason to help the black community
because they already have their vote and
and it's better off to keep this racial
animus going because it might help them
get the courts that they want eventually
so that is a terrible terrible place to
be if you are in the black community now
one of the things that I like about
working on the blight Authority is that
we can do our thing in two
of Democrats and Republicans so you know
I'm neither a Democrat nor Republican so
if I can if I can make a difference in
the black community it just sort of has
to be extra government you know we'd
love for the government to be helpful at
some point whether it's this government
or a future government you know that
would be great
but as soon as you get into the politics
of it the politics makes it hard to help
you almost have to do it as as private
citizens and somebody's saying Scott why
am I so invested in racism a number of
reasons you if you've watched me long
enough you know that I'm invested in a
number of things but the things that
rich people should be most interested in
fixing you know in the group of rich
people billionaires etc I think rich
people have a special obligation by
because of their luck their position
their sense of being part of society
they're tribal instinct if you will to
to help other people once once you have
everything you have so so my starting
point is that I have everything I need
I would never need to work again I would
never need to do a periscope again I
have everything I need for the rest of
my life and I think the people in my
position who have any kind of talent and
they're still young enough to be useful
and they've got resources should take on
the hardest problems and the richest
people should take on the hardest of the
hard problems so if you look at Bill
Gates do you see the things that Bill
Gates is taking on Bill Gates is taking
on enormous problems so the problems so
big that governments can't even handle
big stuff racism and in particular the
economic problems that come from racism
are probably the biggest problem that I
might be able to have some kind of
impact on right I'm probably not the guy
who's gonna solve malaria in Africa
the gates the gates foundation can and I
think they're on their way so there is a
there is a natural evolution as you
become successful and you take care of
your own needs to extend what you can do
to your family first which I've done and
then to you know other people and then
you expand that so the the reason that
racism is a special interest to be and
helping the black community in
particular is because they're in the
deepest hole so the people who are the
hardest problem in the deepest hole and
in particular what I just described is
almost a psychological barrier to doing
something useful because the psychology
of the Democrats and the psychology of
the Republicans and the psychology and
the business model of the news it makes
it impossible but maybe individuals can
break through that somebody says stop
digging I don't even know what that
means if you do not get into the
trenches you did not understand well how
would you know how much of a trench I
been in how do you know who I've talked
to it's a good general statement but
don't assume that about me
Scott do you think the country will
break up by a race it depends on the
media the media is walking a fine line
right now so they could push it into
something dangerous but at this point I
don't see it happening
all right I think I've said enough I'm
gonna go do some other work now thanks
for joining me
bye for now