[Applause]
good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization
that's called coffee with Scott Adams
Sunday edition and today happy Cinco Deo
by the
way today we're going to have a show of
shows the greatest reframe of all time
and I'll back it up but if you'd like to
take your experience up to levels that
nobody can even understand with their
human tiny brain all you need is a
copper mug glass of tanker chells sign
canteen jug a flask vessel of any kind
fill it with your favorite liquid I like
coffee en join me now and for the
unparallel pleasure of the dopamine the
day the thing that makes everything
better it's called the simultaneous Sip
and it happens now
go thank you Paul
oh I always appreciate your your audio
confirmation
and ladies and
gentlemen let us go to the stories shall
we the stories well now there's some
talk that there's a OIC personality some
people are saying that when people take
that OIC weight loss drug they get OIC
personality and the symptoms appear to
be at worst mood increasing feelings of
depression anxiety lack of interest in
familiar activities and decreased
interest in sex now who could have seen
that coming let's see you take away from
people the only enjoyment they have in
their life what would that do to their
mood you know this might be one of those
examples where it could save some money
by asking me hey Scott what will happen
if you take overweight people whose
primary interest in life is eating too
much and you take away their primary
enjoyment and then I say well at least
they have all that
sex but then I read the news and realize
nobody's really having sex people have
given up on that so well at least they
can enjoy watching the
movies no really really can't enjoy
watching a movie but at least you have
the new news the news okay that's not
going to be make you
happy but at least you can put your mask
on and go for a
run no you wouldn't put a mask on to go
for a run you're not crazy
people but yeah if you take away
somebody's dopamine Source their primary
source they're going to have a little
trouble adjusting it doesn't mean that
it won't be worth
it but I'm pretty sure there would be a
little mood change if you take away
people's primary source of dopamine one
of the best reframes you could ever
adopt is the dopamine filter on
life and it's becoming my primary filter
so if you're trying to figure out how
are people people going to act
especially in your personal life how are
people going to act or how are you going
to act if you've been trying to predict
yourself think of it in terms of uh
dopamine sufficiency now when I say
dopamine I mean you know all of the all
of the chemistry that makes you happy
right I I'll just simplify it by saying
dopamine
but if you got that going for you you're
going to be in good mood now if you look
at the world in terms of thoughts and
ideas and politics and science you're
going to miss the bigger picture that
we're just dopamine chasing
fools and if I don't get enough dopamine
doing what I'm doing I'm going to do
something else see if I can get some
more dopamine and you will find that
just about everything can be described
as a Chase of dopamine once you see it
you can't unsee it and it sort of takes
a lot of the mystery out of life it also
is reinforcement for the No Free Will
idea do I have free will if I've got a
choice of something that hurts versus
something that will make me
happy not really because I'm going to
pick the happy one every time all right
uh Wall Street Journal is reporting that
Tik Tock is rewiring Young braak brains
oh how far we've come how far we've
come do you remember when I was a lone
voice saying Tik Tock is reprogramming
your the brains of young people and
people would say B ah you know all the
social media does that and you know it's
just a Boomers complaining about stuff
but now it's a Common Language to say
that Tik Tok is rewiring young pains
they actually use they use the word rewi
iring young brains and the story is
about uh rewiring their brains in terms
of money and they make a pretty good
point here in the Wall Street Journal
that imagine being on Tik Tok all day
long and apparently you're bombarded
with two types of messages quite a bit
one type of message is that uh the
economy is terrible for young people you
will never own a home and you're going
to have to work in a slavery job and you
know a roommate all your life and you'll
never do as well as your parents now
apparently that's what people are
hearing on Tik Tok now it's not too
different from what you're hearing but
usually young people are not fed a
continuous diet of your your economic
future is bad would you agree I've never
been I don't remember any situation
where young people were every single day
taught that their their personal
situation would be bad in the future and
then on top of that
then they fed a continuous diet of
people who appear to be these
influencers who were just killing it in
life oh look at me all beautiful in this
Resort oh look at me in this expensive
car and with this nice bag so imagine
what would happen to your young brain
most of you are not 19 years old but
imagine when you were 19 if all you saw
was people who look like a better
version of you and they had all this
money and wealth and stuff and at the
same time people are telling you you
can't possibly have all that stuff so
your Envy would be at an all-time high
because your frame of reference would be
these influencers at the same time your
potential is at an all-time
low we've never had that before where
your Envy is at an all-time high while
your own potential you're being told is
at an alltime
low so yeah that should that should
cause massive Mental Health
and social disruption now do you think
that China can control that well I don't
know there's a reason that Wall Street
Journal says that Tik Tok is rewiring
brains it could have been a story that
said social media is rewiring brains but
maybe it's not happening everywhere at
least at the same
degree I think Instagram's probably your
similar problem though all right Warren
Buffett was asked about um he's got a
lot of insurance businesses and people
wondered if his car insurance business
might be injured if the Tesla
self-driving cars are way safer and to
his credit Warren Buffett said yes his
uh Insurance business would probably
suffer quite a bit if there are half as
many accidents and therefore they have
to lower the
rates um but he says we want what's good
for society not what's good for the
insurance business and that is the
correct public answer which I think he
believes actually
um here's the thing I don't
understand all right I I should disclose
as I have many times I I do own some
Tesla stock not not enough to be
life-changing or anything like that but
it's a good chunk it it's enough of a
chunk that I disclose it because it it
should be enough to change my opinions
right in theory because I have real
money on the line so it should be
distorting my point of view so I I
disclose that so you know my bias but
here's the thing I don't
understand the self-driving car feature
should lower the insurance costs for
owning a Tesla to the point where you
wouldn't own any other
car am I wrong about that won't it won't
it only take a little while I mean it
might be three to five years or
something but in 3 to 5 years won't
Tesla drivers be paying way less and if
they're
not will Tesla not create its own
insurance
company right if you owned a Tesla and
you couldn't get way cheaper Insurance
because the self-driving part wouldn't
you go to Tesla and say hey can you
lower my can you lower my uh Insurance
I'll get my insurance through you
because it'll be half the price because
you're monitoring my uh self-driving car
so it could be that Tesla is the only
company that could give you accurate
Insurance because I think they could
tell how much you're using the
self-driving feature if they could tell
that you're using the self-driving
feature at times when it would normally
be dangerous and it reduce your risk
maybe they give you a discount that's
based on how much you use the
self-driving but nobody else could do
that they wouldn't have the data
so you you've add that then you add what
Elon Musk talked about which is the fact
that with
self-driving you can drive many more
hours with the same vehicle so a vehicle
which was giving you you know four hours
of driving per day maybe somebody else
could use it while you're sleeping and
they could you drive four more hours a
night and you could fall asleep and it
could keep driving you and you could
drive your truck and the truck would
keep driving even if you're sleeping so
I don't know how the Tesla stock isn't
going through the roof but again I
disclose I own some so I'm I'm
completely I'm completely biased on this
right and everything is risky so don't
don't take any investment advice from me
it's not investment
advice all right but I don't understand
if you if you had the fact that Tesla is
going to have robots in a year I mean I
I just don't get it I think the stock
should probably be three to five times
what it is maybe it will be we'll
see I have a question why do we do uh
political polls by
party now it makes sense to do that
sometimes because you do want to know
what the Democrats and the Republicans
are thinking but wouldn't it make more
sense to do it by educational attainment
or even by knowledge of the news what
does it tell you to know the average
opinion
nothing but you know you know what would
be really useful is to know the opinion
of all the smart people wouldn't that be
useful wouldn't you like to know if the
art majors have a completely different
opinion of what's happening in the world
than the
engineers Suppose there was a big
difference and the engineers in both
parties were more similar to each other
than than even people within a party
because I think that might be the case I
I have this feeling that there there are
people with certain types of educations
that largely agree with each other and
I'd love to see the difference you
wouldn't you like to know if people with
an IQ under a 100 have largely different
opinions than people have IQs over 100
wouldn't you like to know that and when
you like to see a poll where people with
an IQ under let's say 120 are excluded
from the
poll because they don't they don't
matter as much that the smarter people
will be the ones you know changing
society and making things happen so I'd
love to see opinion polls where they
they do the smart people
separately I have a theory about why it
took so long for law enforcement to do
something about the college protests did
it seem to you like the the police were
extra
extra soft on the protesters do it seem
like that to you now partly it could be
you know that there were uh you know
what do you call it the bipox and people
of color and stuff that might be part of
it but I think the bigger part is that
it was mostly women when the protests
are mostly women I just don't think
people see it as so
dangerous you know what I mean if if it
were 75%
male I've got a feeling that the the
police would have gone in hard
but when it's females it's look it
looked like it was at least 2third
female I can't really tell but from the
video that you see on TV it looks about
2third female and I saw a bunch of video
of um police clashing with a front line
of protesters that were all women and
there were a few beta males in there but
basically it was just all women and the
and honestly the police
weren't in the same level of danger that
they would have been if it men right now
the women were you know throwing small
objects and stuff but they couldn't
really push them back and did y'all see
the viral video of the protesters that
made little Shields out of parts of
plastic garbage bins and and they
thought that they would they thought
they would take down the front line of
the police and there's one viral video
of that it looked like a young man who
is running full steam at a police office
and the funniest part is that the police
officer instead of getting out of the
way or tripping him or doing something
or shooting him or doing something like
that the police officer must have been
good at
physics because because the protester is
running at him at full speed and the cop
instead of getting out of the way pushes
him in the
chest which was exactly the right move
because it took his feet out so the cop
just leans into him pushes him in the
chest the guy goes completely upside
down down uh there was probably a
difference in weight of probably 50 lbs
you know the cop was a normal size he
wasn't overweight or anything but the
protester was kind of
small and and here's what I ask do you
think that protester was working in
engineering or
physics not a
chance that protester was either not a
student or was uh some kind of an art
major because I'm pretty sure any
engineer and anybody who would knew
anything about physics would have not
run at a police officer with a quarter
of a plastic garbage
can thinking that's all going to work
out pretty
well so anyway I I think the uh response
was gentle relative to what it could
have been historically because there
were so many women in the group and I
think that might have been the right
choice
actually that which is not to say they
shouldn't have acted more aggressive ly
but they didn't have to act more
violently I I think going soft on the
students because they are students their
their brains are not developed um a lot
of are
women I feel like yeah and and they seem
to be partying more than they seem to be
th overthrowing the country or anything
so I guess I'd be in favor of them going
light on it the colleges themselves have
more to answer for it all right uh
actor Jeff Daniels uh the hill is
reporting uh he said he hopes the why do
we care what Jeff Daniels thinks about
the
election wait I guess I skipped the part
where's the part where we care about
this one
person because he's an actor because you
heard of him is that why we care about
his opinion well I'm going to talk about
him because his opinion is not that
different from other people what was his
opin actor Jeff Danel says he hopes the
2024 general election will choose
Biden because uh he calls it he says
we're in a war on
Democracy so of all the things he could
say as to why he was in favor of Joe
Biden the one thing that stood out is he
wanted to make sure the war on Democracy
Was Won by Biden and that mean old Trump
didn't steal his democracy because he's
T he's coming to take my democracy
didn't anybody tell you Trump came to
take your
democracy yeah he's going to steal it
well here's what I think I think if
you're going to do a story that you hope
would be positive for President Biden
normally it would be good to say that
there's a public figure who's in favor
of
it I would say an exception would be oh
if your most famous movie role was to
play the dumbest guy the second dumbest
guy in the world because it was Dumb and
Dumber I don't remember him and anything
else do
you can do you if you said Jeff Daniels
most famous movie you'd all say Dumb and
Dumber
right and do you remember what you
remembered about him in that
movie what what do you remember about
Jeff Daniels in the movie Dumb and
Dumber you watch the entire movie
thinking he was poorly cast in the
movie did you have that I watched the
whole thing and I thought you know what
if you could just take Jeff Daniels out
of this movie well then you'd have
something uh to me he ruined the whole
movie because he might be the worst
actor Ever he's a terrible comedic actor
but
uh yeah I mean the writing was good so
it it saved it but if you're famous for
being the dumb guy um You probably
shouldn't talk about potic I if you want
to help your person and let let me say
this as clearly as possible the only
people who think Trump is having a war
on Democracy are morons are morons there
there's no smart person who thinks that
you're either completely gaslighted in
which case you could have a high IQ but
you could be
gaslighted um or
morons there's no other possibility so
let's talk about what I call Biden's war
on Democracy because you know the
Democrats always accuse you of what
they're
doing so we'll we'll get into that in a
minute uh Bor the New York Post has an
article Bjorn lomborg is talking about
it says that uh there's a new
study that says to achieve 100% solar or
wind electricity with enough
backup the US would need to be able to
store almost 3 months worth of
electricity every
year I assume that means means that
you'd have to store it up in the summer
when there's a lot of sun to make it
through the darker months I assume
that's what the three months is about um
currently how close are we to having
three months worth of
storage um we're up to S minutes s
minutes so we'd have to get from seven
minutes to three months to make that
work you know here's that um I I assume
that the nature of the article is to
show impractical is that what it says to
you when you read that we need 3 months
of storage but we only have 7 minutes
does that read to you like oh that's
impossible we'll never get
there here's the problem with news about
Trends and you've heard other people say
this the thing that the human brain
can't conceive of is that the pace of
something might increase dramatically at
some point so if it's true and I keep
telling you about all these battery
breakthroughs almost every day I tell
you there's new research they've added
you know materials to double the storage
and now there's a water battery some
water-based battery that's really
promising it's much more dense than
everything else so I think what's going
to happen is that battery storage in the
in the electrical grid will be
completely
inadequate until suddenly it isn't
so for example if you double the you
know the capacity of the batteries then
the same facilities would be already at
you know 14
minutes but but if you double it again
it's 28 minutes so it's sort of like the
checker board you know if you put a
penny on one one blocks on a checker
board but the next one was two and next
one was four by the time you got to the
end of the checker board it's you know a
gazillion dollarss so I think that's the
situation here that it looks
impossible but it's only because your
brain can't hold how do you get from
seven minutes to three months and the
answer might be a whole whole uh you
know several years of not much happening
followed by two years when it all comes
together maybe if if the technology
keeps
improving here's one
possibility
um if more people put battery storage on
their own home oh well actually here's a
better way to say it if you had a uh a
Tesla charger on your house a battery
you'd get pretty close to at least being
self-sufficient I don't think you get
there depending on where you are but you
get pretty
close so it could be that having big old
batteries in the network isn't going to
be the thing that changes everything it
could be imagine imagine this imagine
they pass a law that says when you buy a
house you know above a certain dollar
amount you have to put a a battery in it
for your solar you have to have solar
and you have to have a battery now I
think there are already laws about new
homes needing solar
right give me a fact check on that is it
true in California if you built a new
home you'd have to have solar on the
roof I think it might be a law I don't
know uh people do it anyway because it
makesense
economically
um but I could I could easily see the
law saying you can't you know buy a
house unless you add a battery to it you
could easily imagine that so we might be
able to get there but we're way far
away uh Joe Hof at Joe hof.com is
writing and I think the Gateway pundit
was
reporting uh and I think Joe came up
with the term election industrial
complex so it's a long complicated story
and that's the story itself that is long
and
complicated so since 2017 there's this
Higher Ground Labs an
organization that's uh working with all
kinds of other private organizations
they've invested in dozens of companies
and um in 2020 alone their company has
reached 7500 campaigns and 7 million
voters so it's basically this mass
network of non governmental
entities that are they have a common
Mission but they're all doing different
things to get there and the common
mission is to get Democrats elected but
I don't think Republicans have anything
like
it so the Democrats have quite cleverly
built an entire network of influential
outside government things that support
their election industrial complex as
they call
it so that's a new ter term that I think
is useful in election industrial complex
if you think about it it explains
everything you know it would include
stuff like I think uh Zuckerberg putting
400 million into things and Mark Elias
changing laws and some states for the
elections and all that stuff so there's
just a whole bunch of moving Parts it'
be hard to fight against it so if you
know that there's an election industrial
complex would you say that that is
supporting democracy or thwarting it an
election industrial complex well to the
extent that it gets in between the
government and the news and the voters
to interfere with that process this
would be subverting democracy this would
be Joe Biden uh trying to steal your
democracy and the
Democrats but uh thank goodness that's
the only example of it am I right thank
goodness there are no other examples of
Joe Biden trying to steal your democracy
right in front of
you well let's talk about the other news
just to make sure there are no other
examples of
that well uh CNN is reporting at least
they're uh they're experts that uh Alvin
Bragg the DA has yet to show any real
evidence in the Stormy Daniels case one
of the panel attorneys said and I'm
quote on CNN I've seen very little
evidence of Trump's direct involvement
in getting this accomplished correct me
if I'm
wrong and uh somebody else said it's a
great Point David there hasn't been much
evidence yet of Donald Trump's
involvement and knowledge of the alleged
criminal
activity so there's an entire case
against a somebody who's running for
president that allegedly was organized
by Joe Biden's Administration
that has quite clearly doesn't have any
evidence of a crime and even CNN can't
see evidence of a crime would you call
that trying to steal
democracy I would if you're trying to
lawfare your opponent and there's
literally no law there that would put
him in jail but you're doing it anyway
yeah that's law fair so Jeff Daniels uh
the the dumb of Dumber um that would
called trying to steal your democracy
and if this were reversed and I were
watching Trump lawfare the hell and of
Joe Biden while Joe Biden was running
for office I would not be happy about it
you imagine what I would be telling you
if we got to this point and Joe Biden
was sitting in court every day and no
evidence of any guilt had been
presented do you think I'd be okay with
that because he's a Democrat and maybe I
don't like his policies so much
no I would not be okay with that no you
could reverse this one and I'm I have
exactly the same opinion this should not
be happening in America but thank God
it's only this one case am I right oh
well there's more evidence that in the
maralago box lawfare case that Jack
Smith is pushing the government has said
this quote the government acknowledges
that this is inconsistent with what
government Council previously understood
and represented to the court what that
is is Jack Smith and his people
admitting they lied and that they faked
photos to show that it was more
classified than it was they put their
own cover sheets in the photo the cover
sheets say it's classified they admit
that the cover sheets were not what they
found the cover sheets that say
classified is what they put there that
they say were
placeholders so they didn't lose their
place and then they photographed it and
told you that was what they found no
that was not what they found that's what
they staged for the
photograph that should be illegal every
one of them should be in jail if they
did that intentionally but it also seems
that uh maybe the contents of the boxes
were packed by the GSA and forced upon
Trump and he probably doesn't know
anything about them and on top of that
the something about the order of the
information has been faked so now we
know they faked the the source of the
the boxes
they reversed it they said it was you
know Trump had them and the GSA wanted
them it turns out that at least in the
first phase the GSA had them and wanted
Trump to have them which looks exactly
like a
setup because it was done by the same
people who do all the other hoaxes and
setups they do ops they do ops that look
exactly like this this is the op they do
they would put something in his box and
then force him to take it and then find
it in his box now I don't know that that
was op but it sure looks like one and
even if it's not an OP even if it's just
you know total it's not the
justice system the way you think it
ought to work this is Jack Smith and the
Democrats trying to steal your
democracy but thank goodness there are
only two examples of
that over in Georgia the uh state
representative meanor who is suing the
da fonnie Willis oh fonnie Willis where
have I heard of her oh she's that
corrupt da who is trying to laware Trump
over uh his choice of words yeah he used
a normal English word it's called find f
i n d and there uh fonnie Willis is
trying to put him in jail because she
thinks that the word find means rig the
election well it turns out that
according to Georgia state
representative Misha mayor um there's a
pattern of corruption in her office and
that she's proven to have falsified
evidence and uh and according to the
state
representative that they tried to get
his son to take a 20-year plea deal by
falsifying evidence that's the claim so
um it's the father of Casey Watley who's
been incarcerated for five years and for
five years and apparently some there's
some allegations that evidence was
planted and that there's a a pattern of
it so let's see that would be three
obvious lawfare cases in which any
Observer can see that they're simply
trying
to steal the
Democracy right Joe Biden and his goons
are trying to steal your
democracy trying to take your democracy
um so let's see these are the things
that uh Trump is in trouble for legally
uh boxes he didn't pack and didn't know
what the contents were so he might go to
jail for that uh paying Stormy Daniels
that isn't a crime and there's no
evidence of a crime presented so that's
his other risk there's the one where he
had a poor choice of words according to
them but they what they had to do was
Define a regular word to mean some weird
thing and then read his mind and turn it
into a crime and of course the fourth
one is where he did totally normal
business of inflating his assets um that
the bank ignored so it was never a
problem in never to
Crime those are the four things
so Jeff Daniels if you're paying
attention that is how you steal the
Democracy Now what about January
what did uh Joe Biden say in his
dementia way he looked into the camera
and
said uh what did he say you could call
me
Satan I got to get his he said I don't I
don't care if you think I'm Satan
reincarnated the fact is you can't look
at that television and say nothing
happened on the
sex you batshit
crazy democracy stealing
idiot the TV is the thing that fools you
not the thing that tells you information
who told you that the TV is a source of
knowledge no the TV is your brainwashing
tool and you brainwashed us into
thinking that you could see an
Insurrection happening on January 6 you
know what you could see you could see a
protest now I don't know what you see
you gaslighting bag of but I don't
see a I don't see an Insurrection I see
a bunch of people who went home when
they were
done so is that because I'm a in the bag
and I'm a total Trump supporter and I'm
just filtering things things through my
perception well let's get a second
opinion shall we let's see what Michael
schermer thinks Michael Shermer is a
famous
skeptic so his identity is skeptic
before it is Democrat or before it is a
republican I don't even know what his
party is right so that's a good sign
he's a public figure and I couldn't tell
you if he's left or right and I I I
follow him and I see all of his stuff I
can't tell because you know what he does
he's a
skeptic so he just looks at the actual
information it's very confusing because
people don't do that right so here is
Michael Shermer looking at the actual
information about whether Trump's going
to steal your democracy I'm going to
read his post because it's kind of
brilliant and you should follow him by
the way even when you disagree he's got
the good argument for the thing you
disagree with and you should see that
right don't don't miss the good
arguments on the other side all right so
Michael Shermer says this he says you
all know I'm not a trump supporter this
is very important this is coming from
someone who's well known as not a trump
supporter but I don't get the argument
that if he's reelected it will be the
end of our democracy how would he do
that
exactly yes Michael
Shermer you have now put your dagger
Into the Heart of the issue how exactly
would he do that and he goes on he says
Trump doesn't control the Supreme Court
they refuse to hear his case about the
2020 election Trump doesn't control
State County courts he lost 60 cases
over the 2020 election many republican
judges uh were also part of
that Trump doesn't have the military to
back him if he loses in 2024 or if he
wins and refuses to leave Trump doesn't
control voting precincts even Republican
run ons declin to overturn the 2020
results Trump's own own loyal VP Mike
Pence refused his demands over the 2020
Electoral College count he said I can
imagine riots with Magie extremists and
their guns causing Regional violence but
wouldn't police the National Guard or
the military put those down as they
always have historically as bad as
January 6 was Trump left and we had a
peaceful transfer of power as
usual the retort as he he's saying what
the retort will be to his own thing
retort next time will be different and
Shermer says how how exactly how's it
going to be
different what did Trump get control of
the military since last time did did all
these judges and all these precincts did
they all change their mind
no they're all happy with what they did
every every member of this story was
completely pleased with their own
actions which suggests that it would
look like this again yeah I mean if
there were any problems it would look
like this again now the only quibble I
will put on
this is that Michael Shermer said quote
I can
imagine imagine is the key word I can
imagine riots with Maggie extremists and
their guns
I
can't I
can't I I can't imagine that because
here's what I think the the left doesn't
understand about gun
ownership correct me if I'm wrong the
real gun
owners know that you don't use the gun
unless it's your last
resort and that's not really what's
happening here you know we we always
think voting is going to help you know
we'll get them next time you know maybe
we'll be smarter maybe they they G the
rules better so we'll gain the rules
better maybe they use mailin we'll try
to address that now there there's
there's nobody who's cleaning their gun
and waiting for the election results to
go the wrong way that would be a
complete misunderstanding of gun owners
that the gun owners are the ones who
don't take it out unless it's go time
and we're not really close to that I
mean I don't hear any talk about that
not privately not publicly it's not a
thing but I do appreciate shermer's take
on and he did say I imagine so it is
Imagination apparently uh Trump campaign
people believe they have a chance of
flipping Minnesota in
Virginia now why would they be able to
flip Minnesota and Virginia when he's
trying to steal their
democracy it's almost as if if the
voters in those two states don't believe
that he's trying to steal their
democracy could it be the complete lack
of uh evidence to suggest it could it be
that he's already served four years as a
number of smart people have pointed out
he didn't steal a lot of democracy then
what would make you think you'd do it
now well the gaslighting nothing
else can he flip Minnesota in
Virginia well I guess there's some
private polling that say he's Within
Striking
Distance but I do love that whenever
you're talking about the Trump campaign
you're talking about something kind of
bold like trying to win New
York I I just love the fact that the
conversation he's making you think P to
sale basically he's making you think P
to sale that he'll get like all the
states he's supposed to get he's making
you think all the way to how many of the
states he's not supposed to get is he
going to get that's good
technique yeah you should put you should
be putting out the message that of
course I'll get all the states I'm
supposed to get but I might make the
deepest the deepest cut into the ones
I'm not supposed to get of all
time so that's interesting well Chris
Cuomo is in the
news um I think this news is confusing
or wrong so I think this is fake
news fake news cuz the
context and the headlines are saying uh
that Chris CUO has a vax injury that he
thinks is from
vaccinations and that he was a big
proponent of the
vaccinations um during the pandemic and
now he's saying that he got vaccination
injury however I don't think I need a
fact check on that I don't think that's
the real story because I was listening
to him the other day and I could swear I
heard him say he had long
Co which would suggest that he doesn't
know if he has a VX injury or covid
injury or either and that what he really
has is his health is not what he wanted
wants it to be and he's got some
questions about what caused it but it
seems to be timed with the
pandemic and he says uh Cuomo says with
he had a guest on he said we know that
vaccines can have unintended
consequences a AKA side effects but
nobody's really talking about it because
they're too afraid of blame and they
just want it to go away but the problem
is people like Sean his guest and me and
millions of others who still have weird
stuff with their blood work in lives and
the feeling physically are are not going
away and then later Cuomo said I'm sick
myself so what was missing in the story
is it was a story about his guest had
vaccine injury but I guess in that case
it was pretty obvious VI because
happened as soon as he got the
VAC um but Chris Cuomo didn't say that
he has vaccine
injury did he he said that he also has
blood work
irregularity but separately he's also
suggested he might have long Co if such
a thing exists by the way I think it's
there's a question whether long Co even
exists
um so I I would appreciate the fact that
he's looking at this objectively at the
moment so I'll give him credit for that
H and then there's apparently the New
York Times is admitting there was some
vaccination injury and that seems to be
a big
step
anyway um axios has a story here's a
headline of an axio story now axios if
you don't know is associated with um
Democrat stuff so axio says the pain
from the fed's rate hikes is
surprisingly
elusive so they're saying that the
public is not really suffering from the
rate
hikes
well aren't they and the story went on
to say that rich people um are thriving
because the value of their homes are up
50% so that the inflation is actually
helping them and if they're not looking
to buy another home they already have
one they're in good shape
and they're saying that the poor people
um are not doing as poorly as people
imagined because the employment
situation is still
good is
it is the employment situation still
good or was it a bunch of people who got
part-time jobs I don't know it's a
little unclear whether the employment
situation is as good as they
say but it's interesting the axios would
try to spin it as oh these high interest
rates and the inflation
doesn't even bother the rich people and
as long as the poor people left jobs
well they're good
too yeah I don't think having a job that
doesn't pay for a home you can live in
and gas and food is exactly good news
all right uh meanwhile MIT has banned
the use of De Dei statements for faculty
hiring so I think they used to say say
something good about Dei or you won't
get
hired there must have been enough
qualified people who wouldn't do it here
here's my take I'll bet there were
enough people who came in for an
interview that they said to themselves I
would really like to hire this person
man you were qualified you are exactly
the kind of Professor we want teaching
at MIT now all we need is for you to
give us your Dei
statement how many how many people were
they interviewing who just said well
thank you for the interview and thank
you for saying I have the qualifications
and by the way you can take your Dei
statement and shove it so far up your
ass that uh you could probably see it
well because your head's up
there so I've got a feeling that they
wouldn't have changed the the use of the
Dei statement unless it was clearly
preventing them from hiring people that
they wanted to
hire I don't think anything else would
get that done I don't think they just
sort of you know look in the news oh
thank you for reminding
me Peter Navaro is still in
jail now that's stealing your democracy
right there Peter Navaro is in jail
still you know I would worry about him
when he gets out of
jail when he gets out of jail he's going
to be pissed and he's not going to be
afraid of
anything and he's going to be a lot of
fun when he gets out in jail we we'll
boost him as much as possible
try to make it worthwhile if that's even
possible you know try to try to make
sure that his sacrifice is is honored
with the respect that it
deserves
um anyway and meanwhile New York City
they're going to pay uh the city have to
pay 2.1 million to three white teachers
who sued the Department of Education for
discrimination in one so all three
teachers were uh demoted and in their
place uh what they claimed to be less
qualified people of color were put in
those positions for Dei based stuff and
here's here's the part in the headline
so the headline was three white
teachers do you think that covered it
there was three white
teachers what is it about those three
white teachers that was not
mentioned they're all women it was three
women was it three white people or was
it three women who won a discrimination
suit cuz it's not until the white men
start winning the Discrimination suits
that it counts women could always win
discrimination
suits that's business as usual no I want
to see three white men win a
discrimination suit now clearly they
deserve to win this by the way they they
absolutely deserve to win it um but now
it's not and and it took him five years
years so five years ago the the wokeness
wasn't even nearly as bad as it is now
so I wouldn't call this some big
Trend but maybe there's more
coming
um Bill acman and others are wondering
why we're letting uh foreign countries
contribute to American colleges do you
know there are a number of countries
China and mid you know cter and some mid
East countries they give you know
Millions dollar to individual us uh
universities and you might ask
yourself uh why why why are we even
taking that why do our colleges take
that but I think it's worse than that
okay I need a fact check on this but
sometime ago I heard that it's the
foreign students that actually pay the
salaries of the colleges because the
foreign students don't get uh any any
discounts you know there's no
scholarships so the foreigners they want
as many of the foreign students as
possible because they pay full price and
the locals not
necessarily so don't the foreigners
pretty much keep the colleges running
and aren't they the ones that bid up the
price so that the Americans have to pay
what the foreigners pay it does bid up
the price right if you took all the
foreign uh students out of the colleges
they would be non-competitive they would
just go out of business so they they
have created a situation where they're
dependent on countries that are not as
friendly to the United States as we want
them to
be so good job there
colleges all right so Trump's going to
steal your
democracy
um so ABC News is
reporting that that uh 6 months out from
election day that uh Trump is is winning
in the polls um for handling most
issues so if it's a political issue
Trump is winning just about all of them
so you might say to
yourself well wait a minute it's the
presidency is a political
job and one candidate is winning all the
important policy
things except a
abortion
and and yet the the polls are kind of
Clos well here's what Joe Biden has
working for him according to ABC
News um Joe Biden scores competitively
on key personal
attributes his personal
attributes they're saying he has better
character than
Trump what what kind of news are they
watching
are they watching their own
news Let's uh let's go down the line
let's see uh let's do a character
analysis you know forget about the
policies let's just do character all
right so you've got uh Trump allegedly
raped a woman in a uh in a changing room
of a department
store now I doubt that
happened I doubt it happened I don't
know for sure I mean it would be it
would be defamation for me to say that I
know it didn't happen but I listened to
the evidence I don't think it happened
so he's accused non credibly non
credibly of raping an adult woman in a
changing
room Joe Biden is Accused credibly in
the Diary of his daughter of showering
with his daughter who was a little too
old for that
business now which which one wins on the
character a sketchy claim of sexual
assault on an adult or showering with
your daughter and by the way Biden also
has a credible sounding accusation of
sexual abuse in his office Tera Reed
yeah Tera Reed so how do you score
that I I would say that is not an
advantage in character on that Dimension
if you ask people why they don't like
Trump these days they don't say policy
have you noticed that
talk to any Democrat about why they're
not going to vote for Trump will they
say we don't like you immigration policy
no no they won't say that will they say
we don't like how he treats Wars no no
they won't say that they will not say
that they're going to say I'm not going
to vote for a
rapist I'm going to vote for the accused
rapist who showered with his daughter
according to the daughter
and they're and they're feeling some
moral superiority about
that I don't know if that's the place I
would go for my moral
superiority but how about the
honesty because uh Biden ran on
honesty and the honesty he ran on was
pushing the fine people hoax the January
6 Insurrection hoax and the drinking
bleach hoax the Biden campaign was run
completely on three T pole lies
his honesty his honesty campaign was
based on known
confirmed debunked
lies now let's look at Trump's
factchecking did Trump do any better in
the factchecking not if you count the
numbers no but what is the most untrue
thing that Trump said that actually
mattered what is
it I remember he said that your
television would go off if the wind
stopped
blowing is that is that one that
mattered because it was obviously a
joke yeah what what exactly mattered
that Trump ever said that was wrong
nothing it never mattered but do you
think that it mattered that uh Biden ran
on three major hoaxes it mattered a lot
yeah it changed the course of the world
it mattered a lot
how about uh
Ukraine does uh does Trump look like the
one who was doing all the double dealing
and making money from uh foreign
countries nope nope uh apparently Trump
is the most vetted politician of all
time and there's no evidence whatsoever
of any collusion or double dealing or
money laundering or you know weird deals
with other countries none and they've
been looking for him for years
nothing and the only allegations they
had have been proven you know proven to
be fake but what about uh Joe Biden's
business in Ukraine well to me that
looks totally
corrupt so you've got the most corrupt
politician of our day the most dishonest
politician of our day and somebody who's
got quite the sexual impropriety
accusations against them and that's who
they're picking for their
character they're going for a character
play un freaking
believable here's another lie about
Trump and abortion um apparently the
Democrats who are all about the honesty
have been lying about his position on
abortion and Trump is clarifying I never
said that quote some states may choose
to monitor women's pregnancies to
possibly prosecute for violating any
abortion bans this was made up by
democrats and the fake news media of
course it was made up of course that was
made up no of course that was never part
of his thinking yeah now the Democrats
are
completely a uh and it looks like
they're just working with the Intel
people the the CIA and they got rid of
our democracy in the
50s Not Just Democrats it must have been
a little bit of both
but here here's a little experiment for
you run through the president since
Kennedy right so Kennedy allegedly taken
out by the CIA credibly credibly accused
so then the vice president becomes
president so you got
Johnson so Johnson doesn't run for the
second term that he could have which
sounds a little bit like he got taken
out um
then after Johnson you get uh who was it
Carter Jimmy Carter
right am I skipping one oh you got Nixon
so Nixon Nixon gets taken out by the
Watergate thing which as Tucker Carlson
points out eight of the nine Watergate
people were CIA employees at the
time so it looks like it was just a CIA
op and and uh you know Woodward and burn
don't look like they were necessarily
organically journalists and the The
Source was the number two guy in the FBI
so it looks like Nixon who was the most
popular politician at the time was taken
out by the
CIA then who replaced
Nixon Gerald
Ford Gerald Ford I believe was on the
Warren
Commission does that tell you anything
about Gerald Ford he was on the Warren
Commission the commission that found
that no it wasn't the CIA that killed
JFK no Ford probably seems to be part of
the CIA structure right so then you got
Jimmy Carter and Jimmy Carter tried to
dismantle the CIA and then suddenly
there was this terrible situation with
Iran and you know the hostages it all
went wrong very much like the CIA set
him up to take him out of business then
we got Reagan you love Reagan right he's
an actor who became weirdly successful
in
politics like
zalinski are there any other examples
where the CIA likes to promote an actor
because they're really good at saying
the
lines well it kind of looks like um they
got their president they wanted because
Reagan wanted to build up the
military to make the Soviet Union give
up the two things that the military
industrial complex and the CIA wants the
most spend more on on weapons and beat
the Soviet Union at the time so they did
who was the vice president for Reagan oh
who's George Bush Senior head of the CIA
who became president after Reagan oh
excia head who and then
uh then who is going to be president
after uh Bush well he gets taken out
after one uh you one term but taken out
by Bill
Clinton would you say given the passage
of time that Bill and Hillary Clinton
are the deepest of the deep State and
whoever it is behind the scenes are
definitely working with them so that
looks more like inside job doesn't it
and then suddenly Hillary's got all
these good jobs like oh uh
is a JFK Jr dies in an airplane crash
suspiciously so that Hillary can become
a senator from New York the next thing
you know she's Secretary of State and
next thing you know she's the obvious
presidential
candidate because somebody's wife is
going to be president because they were
president never made
sense so it looks like the clintons were
part of that you know deep State and
network then then Trump wins
surprisingly because the polls didn't
have him winning but he did surprisingly
so that suggests that maybe they could
have cheated amount of office if they
had more time or more notice but they
didn't they weren't ready so he wins
then the entire deep state turns against
them and plots against them in the most
obvious way possible the the Russia
collusion thing followed by the the the
hunter laptop thing hoax after hoax
after hoax controlling the media hoax
after hoax after hoax and finally they
get rid of
trump and they put in Joe
Biden do you think the Democrats didn't
have a better candidate than Joe Biden
of course they did but they didn't have
one more
controllable because Biden was so dirty
with Ukraine which is a CIA operation
that they had all the
receipts and you know there's talk that
that maybe Hunter with CIA that would
make sense given given what he was doing
in Ukraine
but does it seem to you that we have a
republic because it seems to me that the
Deep State military-industrial complex
slci has been firmly in
charge since the 50s and every now and
then when a Jimmy Carter or a trump
breaks through they get slapped down
with one you know with one
term and then immediately I forgot Obama
and Obama uh Obama suspiciously went
from Junior Senator to president with
basically nothing in between does any of
that look like that's organic to
you doesn't doesn't look organic to
me it looks
like the the powers of me are really
good at picking somebody who's good at
talking and then they can do the rest
all they really need is somebody good at
talking they don't need anything else
that's why Reagan was so
perfect good at
talking all
right
um Alan
dtz says that uh it's likely that
there's going to be a bunch of lawsuits
against the protesting students at the
campuses themselves so there might not
be lawsuits against the campuses or
there might be but he thinks that uh
there'll be more luck going against the
individuals who protested and prevented
Jewish students from getting to class so
I think there's going to be a massive
lawsuit legal effort from the Jewish
lawyer Community which is pretty massive
and it's going to take a while because
that works slowly whereas protests can
work quickly but in the end I think most
of those protesters is going to be
pretty sad that they were involved um I
I think the law I wouldn't call the law
fair because it will all be completely
within the law but I think the legal
challenges to the protesters are going
to be
unprecedented meanwhile DeSantis has
banned lab grown meat in Florida which
doesn't make everybody happy um I saw
Ashley Sinclair saying Des santis just
banned lab grown meat in Florida but
will allow McDonald's chicken in quotes
chicken nuggets and Taco Bell quote beef
and uh she calls that internet brain
policy lacking any real principles and
it'll stifle a new industry and it's
dumb so apparently the lab grown meat
industry is quite Advanced at the moment
there there's quite a bit of action
happening there and success so it looks
like there will be lab grow meat
available to
somebody um now what do you think of
desantis's ban now he's Banning it until
there's more long-term test
now I would say this is a pandemic
hangover pandemic hangover if there had
never been a pandemic do you think a
republican Governor would be banning an
industry I don't think so I don't think
so I think that DeSantis was such a
winner for Banning or not Banning but
not mandating vaccines and you know sort
of fighting the man on the pandemic I
feel like he might want to just be
consist consistent because it would be
it would be terrible to allow the lab
grown meat if it turned out to be a
problem so do you like the fact that
DeSantis is being conservative let's use
that word about this new stuff or do you
think he's being anti-republican because
he's stifling uh an
industry well I don't know what he knows
and I don't know if there's any evidence
that suggests there's a
problem but
um it's a very good
point that if you're going to allow fast
food and sugary food that we know is
killing us it's hard to imagine that the
lab grown meat is going to be
worse I definitely think we should be
tracking it to make sure it's not worse
but I'd be really surprised if it's
worse than our normal diet I mean the
the bar is so low that you could
introduce mud and it would be better
than half the we
legally anyway um Robert uh F Kennedy Jr
is posting about the fact that 49
Republican Senators wrote to Biden
demanding he withdraw us support from
the World Health Organization pandemic
agreement because these two documents
would uh they would have three problems
they would give the H director General
the authority to unilaterally declare
health
emergencies
no no we're not going to give some
foreign guy power over our country no
number two expand the who's authority
over Nations infringing on their
sovereignty
no no no no no no how about no no and no
and number three interfere with free
speech of course because theyd want you
not to be able to say things that they
don't want you to hear no no no no no no
but here's what uh Kennedy
asks I think it's every Republican 49
Republican Senators that's that's
everyone right yeah that's every no who
didn't there must have been somebody
missing
there um but 49 of
them
and there were no uh oh every Republican
senator signed the letter but there were
no
Democrats there was not a single
Democrat interested in keeping
sovereignty in the United
States so uh which party wants to steal
your
democracy is the party that wants
Americans to be in charge of America or
is it the ones who wants to give the uh
control of America in this most vital
category uh over to the World Health
Organization there's only one party
trying to steal your democracy
and they're doing it in every place
everywhere all the time it it's it's
it's a full court press to take your
democracy certainly your freedom of
speech at the very least they want
that all right uh here's a post from
Lawrence Fox you talk about uh the the
growth of Islam in the
UK and he says that the the mayor of
London is Muslim and the mayor of
Birmingham is Muslim and also the mayors
of leads Blackburn Sheffield Oxford
Luton old and rdale were all Muslims and
this was achieved he says with only 4
million Muslims out of 66 million people
that's 6% of the public with 6% of the
public um the Muslims got their leaders
in a lot of the big
cities and Lawrence goes on and says
today there are over 3,000 mosques in
England there are over 130 Sharia courts
what wait
what there are h30 Sharia
courts
what
really that tells you everything you
need to know right it's over isn't it
it's
over
and uh 78% of Muslim women do not work
and they receive state support in free
accommodations and 63% of Muslims do not
work and they receive state support and
Free
Housing um State supported Muslim
families with an average of six to eight
children so population will be growing
quickly receive free accomodations and
now every school in the UK is required
to teach lessons about Islam well I
actually agree with that
part I I think the schools should teach
a lesson on the major religions
now who disagrees with that shouldn't
you Le shouldn't you at least know what
the major religions
are is that a problem that every school
in the UK is required to teach lessons
about Islam I think it would depend on
what the lesson was
right I can't think of anything better
for school children than to be at least
exposed to what the major religions are
teaching so I I don't see why that's a
problem anyway um was
it uh now see Talib who said that when
you reach 10% Muslim population the
Muslims will take over that that's all
they need is a 10% foothold and we're
seeing it at
6% so at 10% you could easily imagine a
complete takeover and obviously that'll
happen because there's there's nothing
that would change the trend so uh the UK
will be you know may maybe the first
Muslim country with nukes I I thought it
would be France but it might be the UK
yeah I I do think Europe will be
essentially a
Muslim Zone we'll see how that changes
the
future meanwhile the Israeli government
voted to shut down Al jazer in Israel
now as you might imagine aljer was
probably pretty negative on the coverage
um what do you think of Israel Banning
that particular platform of free speech
here's what I think I don't know if they
could have done this without the college
protests what do you think if we didn't
see the college protests and and America
didn't have such a bad feeling at the
moment about the
protesters although it's not Universal
there are plenty of people who backed
the protesters but I feel like it gave
cover to the Israeli
government to shut down El jazer because
in people's minds the protests and it
you know it's all kind of becomes one
thing I don't know I don't know if they
would have been able to do it and get
away with it at least in terms of public
opinion uh unless the protests were
soured people's opinions about what's
going on over
there and then there's uh reports that
Israel is preparing to go into Rafa of
course but at the same time there's a uh
reports of a maybe a ceasefire the Hamas
delegation in Egypt has reportedly made
progress in discussions regarding a
ceasefire let me tell you something that
your news is not telling you there's not
going to be a
ceasefire how
ridiculous why why would Israel agree to
a ceasefire and guarantee that they lose
the war what would be the point of that
everything they've done up to this point
is a waste of time unless they keep
shooting they have to keep shooting
until there's nothing left to
shoot if they don't shoot everything
they can shoot until there's nothing
left to shoot they lost because all all
that happens is it builds back they're
matter than they were before they have
twice the reason to build up their
tunnels yeah no the only thing that
makes sense from a rational perspective
whether you like it or not I'm not
saying I'm in favor of it right because
is uh as you know because the ADL has
targeted me I can't support Israel I
simply comment on them and I can make
observations but they're on their own I
I want no moral uh connection to what
anything they're doing I don't want any
responsibility and when when Israel does
bad things because in Wars bides do
things you don't like nobody's going to
say well why did you support them and
I'm going to say I didn't
that's on them that that's for them to
explain 100% now if you put me in their
situation would I act differently than
they are probably not but that's not the
same as supporting
it I mean probably I would but it's not
the same as supporting it meaning that I
wouldn't allow a enemy nation that could
reconstitute to reconstitute I would
never allow that so whatever it is that
Israel decides they're going to do it's
probably pretty similar to what I would
have done if I were in that situation
but again they're on the own I have no
control over what they do I have no
influence and I'm not going to I'm not
going to I'm not going to give them
cover by saying that I agree with them
or that I support them they're just
doing what they're doing and I'm just
observing it's just a power play my my
view is if the uh Palestinians had the
same kind of
control uh over Israel as Israel seems
to have over the area that Israel would
be badly abused by that situation and
that you should see it is a power
struggle and not any kind of good and
wrong good versus evil it's not the good
guys versus the bad guys it's just power
now there might be good guys and bad
guys I'm not saying there aren't but the
only thing that makes sense over there
is who has the power Whoever has the
power is going to be putting a boot on
the people who don't have it cuz because
if they didn't the people who didn't
have it would fight too hard to get it
so whoever's in charge of there is going
to put a boot on everybody who's not in
charge and that's just the way it works
I I don't have to have an opinion about
that it's just an observation it's not
going to change right
so so I observe that that's happening
and uh that Israel did get rid of one
source of free
speech
um probably from a perspective of
War it made sense from a perspective of
Freedom obviously it did not make sense
but you do make tough choices during
Wars uh I don't think the ceasefire
conversation is real I think it might be
one or both sides stalling so there
might be reasons to stall and pretend
you're having ceasefire talks I I think
that Israel probably if it's even
involved in any ceasefire it would be
involved as a stalling mechanism not
because they're in favor of it there
won't be any ceasefire they're going to
do it until they're done whatever done
looks like but we don't get a
vote we're just
watching all right ladies and gentlemen
the war on Democracy Biden's war on
Democracy should be the number one theme
for the summer Biden's war on Democracy
if there's anything that we know that
Trump can do it's uh if somebody tries
to mug him he can grab the gun out of
their hand and mug them back so he's
good at co-opting their messaging you
know like fake news he coopted that and
made it his own and I think stealing
your democracy is something that's so
well so well supported by the facts that
Biden is in aund different ways stealing
your democracy I mean let's count the
ways so you've got the mass election
industrial
complex all right
that's clearly taking your democracy
away you've got control over the
news that takes your democracy away
you've got the factchecking entities and
the the vast network of fake you know
Watchdogs like the ADL and
Etc that takes your democracy away it
takes people like me right out of the
game you know they tried anyway um so
you've got uh an election that is not
found to be credible by half of the
public fully half of the public doesn't
think our elections are could be
trusted and and it's fixable but it
won't get fixed that's taking your
democracy away you have three no four
lawfare cases against Trump to take your
democracy away they're not giving RFK Jr
uh Secret Service protection when he's
clearly at risk that's to take the
Democracy away they didn't allow him to
run in the primaries
to take your democracy
away and they're taking all of your
money and giving it to other
countries which reduces your freedom
because you don't have money to do
things and you're you're basically we've
all been turned into debt
pigs effectively we're we're just
getting milked for our taxes until
there's nothing left that steals your
democracy too cuz if they take all of
your physical possessions and they
flated it away and they they burden you
with debt it doesn't ma matter how much
Freedom you have on
paper if you have to work 24 hours a day
to stay alive it doesn't matter if it on
paper it says you're free so yes the
bidens are stealing your freedom in a
hundred different ways uh stealing your
happiness and your freedom so let's see
if we can stop them from stealing your
freedom
we are but ladies and gentlemen if
you're keeping score we have entered
third
gear third
gear summer's
coming fourth gear will kick in sometime
around
June I don't know if there'll be an
overdrive yet do cars ever have
overdrives or is that just an old timey
thing
overdrive well you don't even hear that
word anymore but uh it's going to get
really spicy in the summer what I do
expect is that the lawfare cases will
have fallen
apart uh the the of the
Democrats will be more obvious uh Biden
will continue to diminish Ukraine will
look like the biggest mistake in the
world and Trump's numbers should be up
double digits by election so I'll tell
you when fourth gear kicks in
uh but it lookss like nothing's going to
stop Trump unless unless they use
violence overdrive was a hoax maybe it
was fifth gear is the Chicago convention
all right well it's going to be a spicy
year very spicy all right everybody
thanks for uh joining those of you in
the uh uh in the Scott ms. locals group
I'm going to talk to you separately if I
can we'll see if the button works today
and uh I'll see you in the manave for
just the subscribers
tonight and uh that's all for now let's
see if I can talk to just the locals
people will it work let's see local
supporters only update stream
go
e
e
e e