boom hey everybody come on in here so
much to talk about
things are happening things have
happened and we have to talk about them
once you get in here and I see you're
doing a good job of getting in here
hello is Sharona hello Russell Troy hey
Alfonso it's time for coffee with Scott
Adams and if you have your container
your mug your glass your stein raise it
filled with a favorite liquid the liquid
of your choice I like coffee and join me
for the simultaneous it oh yeah so we
got a lot to talk about last night from
the midterm elections let's start with
my predictions
I had the following predictions I do
this so that you can track how
accurately I predict because as I've
told you penny times it's easy to fit
your view of the world to the past but
that doesn't tell you anything because
everybody can do that you can you can
make anything look like the past makes
sense but predicting the future is much
harder so if you can predict the future
better than other people you might have
a better filter on it so here's my
predictions back in January I was asked
to predict the midterm result and I said
that the GOP will do better than people
think
back then in other words people thought
it was going to be a gigantic tidal wave
back in January and I said it will be
closer than that true I would say true I
would say it was you know not a giant
blue wave but it was a good solid win so
the Republicans did do better than
people said I claim victory
for fun I had been saying that it would
be a tie in the house what I meant by a
tie was that that we would not have a
result that night on Election Day
do you know do you know what time CNN
called the winner did anybody notice the
exact time the exact time to the minute
the CNN called the house going to the
Democrats was midnight exactly midnight
I predicted it would be a tie some
pieces not true
was it 11 but anyway I was looking at
the clock at midnight it was a it was a
p.m. here so had to be four hours after
Fox
oh okay so Fox called it earlier anyway
my point being that it was close right
until the end
that was my fun prediction and I think
you could go either way as to say
whether that would that was accurate or
not now I did have one other prediction
that I didn't tell you about which is
that I placed an actual financial bet on
the outcome of the house and I won money
so I bet several weeks ago I bet that
the Democrats would keep the house I
didn't want to tell you that because I
didn't want to ruin your fun yeah but I
did make money on it so so there's that
another bit of good news that you
probably don't know about is so one of
my Twitter followers who also read my
book win big Lea ran for mayor did he
win do you think that somebody with no
political experience who runs for mayor
in this town could win based on reading
my book about how to persuade
the answer is yes yes he is so the new
mayor is David Springer
David Springer congratulations I you you
did the work put it in the legwork
apparently worked hard read exactly the
right book and you got the result you
wanted so congratulations let's talk
about the the riots I don't know about
you but I see angry mobs of Republicans
outside my door looks like they've got a
huge protest on the streets they're all
wearing their penis hats and there's and
they're chanting death to something oh
wait that's not happening there are no
riots outside my door I don't even see
anybody in my straight wait
I wish or the country would be torn
apart by this but instead what we got
was a tweet from President Trump and
President Trump tweeted the following in
all fairness Nancy Pelosi deserves to be
chosen Speaker of the House by the
Democrats if they give her a hard time
perhaps we'll add some Republican votes
she has earned this great honor I also
congratulate the Democrats they fought
hard they put together a good strategy
they chose apparently they chose good
candidates they won personally I like
living in a in in a in a country that
has a robust system did our system work
yes it did our system was totally out of
balance you could tell that it was out
of balance by the by the reaction of the
public total the Trump derangement
syndrome
they were crazed like actually crazy
mental health crazy not now political
crazy not crazy used as an exaggeration
I mean go to the therapist guess some
heavy medication crazy a huge mental
health problem in the country that just
decreased by half so the total mental
health of the country just went from
DEFCON 10 whatever the highest DEFCON
it's probably not 10 4 but it went from
maximum alert to okay let's wait and see
how this works yeah we went a little bit
one of the things that I've tried to
teach you and I believe I say that in
when Bigley is a human psychology is far
more influenced by direction of things
than where things are and the example I
give is if you're a street person and
somebody gives you a nice fresh sandwich
it's like the best day ever
because you went from a terrible
situation to hey sandwich you're going
in the right direction but if you were a
billionaire and you lost a hundred
million dollars in the deal you would be
sad cuz you're going in the wrong
direction even though you're still
ninety percent of a billionaire so
direction of things is what influences
our psychology from the point of view of
Democrats who were having mental
problems literally I mean that with
empathy I mean that we're having great
distress we're scared to death about the
the direction of the country what did
they experience last night what they
experienced was a change of direction
things were sort of going all Trump all
the time and that my friends as much as
you might like it scary scary scary to
the people who are not on the train real
scary
to the bone scary and again I'm not
talking about political scary where you
wish your team won but it didn't I'm
talking about fear of jail fear of
nuclear war I'm talking real serious
fear that just was largely extinguished
last night not completely but the
direction went from all Trump all the
time oh my god I'm not on that train the
people on that train have all the power
I'm not in power they don't like me they
don't love me I'm in trouble too
balance boom congratulations to the
founders of this country for developing
a system the self balances this
self-corrects we have to wait a couple
of years to the next election but we
have found balance or something a lot
closer to it you see that there are no
protests today the Democrats are not
protesting the Republicans are not
protesting when I tweeted last night you
know I treated it as a question would a
democratic victory in the house bring
down the temperature in the country it
already happened you don't have to
wonder you just watched it this is the
day after a major election there's
nobody in the street nobody there are
just hopeful Democrats who have gained
something and they feel like they're
moving in the right direction there are
Republicans who did not get exactly what
they wanted but they're not protesting
they're not in the streets they're
trying to figure out how to make it work
why because they're Republicans what do
Republicans do when things don't go
their way they figure it out right you
know I'm not saying that other people
don't do that but as a brand
what do Republicans do when they don't
get their way
they get on with it right they put their
head down and they say well gotta try
harder got to make it work got to figure
this out
and so they are so I started off this
periscope with the title that it's hard
to tell the difference between good news
and bad Mark Twain was the first to say
that he said that we humans can't tell
the difference between good news and bad
I'm here to tell you that last night was
some of the best news you're ever gonna
see that is different from saying that
you're gonna get everything you want but
keep in mind you weren't gonna get
everything you wanted the other way
either we don't live in a world where
everybody gets everything they want
that's not an option we do live in a
world where sometimes if the system is
working you can crawl forward and you
know figure stuff out
and we are now in that situation so the
president has signaled that he is
willing to work with Nancy Pelosi we
have at least one one moderate Democrat
who has said publicly Connor Lam is his
name that we that the Democrats should
do less less investigating and more
legislating all of the things that are
on the table that haven't gotten done in
the first two years of the Trump
administration also probably couldn't
have gotten done with a narrow majority
so if the Republicans said had held both
houses by a narrow majority they
probably couldn't have done anything
they just would have been the the the
party that's under attack all the time
now the now the Democrats have a little
bit of power and what comes with it is a
little bit of responsibility Oh somebody
is let me double back somebody is
talking about the president's Trump and
saying that he's being sarcastic I'm not
gonna disagree with you let's read it
again and and dig into that a little bit
so the president tweeted in all fairness
Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen
Speaker of the House by the Democrats if
they give her a hard time perhaps we
will add some Republican votes so he is
he is playing a little
meaning that whether she's the speaker
or not you know they they have a problem
to work out on their side so he's
definitely playing a little bit but he's
also not going hard at them all right so
he's winning both ways he's playing with
him a little bit but he's also being
reasonable in other words he's he's not
going at Nancy Pelosi because she might
be the person he has to deal with now
what is Pelosi said about pursuing what
is Pelosi said about pursuing
impeachment Pelosi says no no on
impeachment weren't you worried about
that you were worried that the Democrats
would pursue impeachment not a chance
not a chance it's the sort of thing you
say when you're not in power once you
have a little power which they have now
they will immediately abandon their most
extreme position and the impeachment was
the most extreme so then other people
say oh we'll wait what about other
investigations what about investigating
Trump's taxes good luck with that let me
tell you what that looks like
hey show us your taxes lawyers say no
any questions that that's the whole
thing that's the thing you're most
worried about hey show us your taxes no
now there's a lot more lawyer in that
story that I'm letting on that's kind of
what's going to happen they're gonna ask
for them he will not provide them that's
it that's the old story so and also the
president has warned of I think I
believe one of his tweets was warning
them about mutually assured
investigations as I like to call it I
don't see here
doot-doot - where is it the president
tweeted this morning if the Democrats
think they are going to waste taxpayer
money investigating us at the House
level then we will likewise be forced to
consider it investigating them for all
the leaks in other words pretty much
everybody can be investigated so if the
Democrats want to employ
mutually-assured investigations they can
but it wouldn't be in their
self-interest would it so those of you
who are worried that everything will go
to hell because Democrats never
negotiate they never compromise that are
impossible to deal with I think you have
to rely on their self-interest to be in
tact so as long as they're reasonably
smart collectively not we're not talking
about any individual but if the
Democrats are reasonably smart and they
just won an election so I think you can
have to say that they're reasonably
smart they figured out how to win an
election and they have self-interest
because they're human beings human
beings of self-interest if they pursue
their self-interest it's not
investigations and they are realizing
that as they wake up there will still be
some people on the Left who want to do
that etc but here's a general statement
on day one when you hear there's a
problem coming you probably think it's
this big well it's usually this big all
right
so most things that people talk about
it's like oh it's the end of the world
and you know I've heard every every
version of why it's the end of the world
on Twitter this morning
none of them are close to truth you may
have noticed that the stock market let
me let me just check that make sure
stock market is up here's a stock market
that's the S&P 500 for the week notice
that big up that's the stock market
recognizing that a split government is
good in the past the stock markets have
going up when the House and the Senate
are in different hands this would be
another one of those times so the people
who have the most money and the people
who literally are betting with their
money these are the people who have skin
in the game are saying this isn't so bad
it's not so bad so you shouldn't think
it's so bad either because the people
with the big money the people who run
the world
just said hmm we could work with this
now so bad the other thing that's fun
and I was saying this ahead of the
actual result is that President Trump is
completely unique in that he is some
people are calling him the transactional
president or transactional Trump in
other words he's about the deal not
about the dogma if you're about the deal
and not the dogma and you've got a mixed
Congress you are in the best situation
you could possibly be
who else was about the deal and not the
dogma President Bill Clinton how did he
do pretty well right
maybe it wasn't your cup of tea but as a
president he was quite successful in
working with mixed Congress so what you
should expect is that the things that
are still on the table table that have
not been done from infrastructure to
prison reform to maybe drug policy to
healthcare to immigration I would expect
to see more progress on those things
with our current setup then then
than we would have seen otherwise so I
think that we've moved closer to the
golden age but it looks scary to the
people who are hoping for a different
outcome
I think we're way ahead
we also elected I guess our first openly
gay Governor the first openly gay
governor we've ever had I didn't even
know that was true yeah I never really
thought about it but I guess I had
assumed we had already had at least one
gay governor that was out of the closet
so to speak but I guess we got our first
one
so congratulations I think that's a step
forward I saw also that there were a
number of gains for women and women of
color I don't like using that that
phrase I just I'm copying somebody on
the left who used it on Twitter women of
color at what point do we stop saying
that is it my imagination or is that a
society sort of locked into a bad area
every time we call out somebody's
ethnicity when they succeed
tell me if this is bothering you
like you'll see for example let's say an
Asian American guy becomes the the first
senator of some state the news is going
to report that as first Asian American
becomes governor of this state to which
I say was that really the story like
when when do we just stop saying that
why can't we just say this guy got
elected I feels like it makes it worse
right you know there was a time when it
was so unusual for somebody to get ahead
and in the you know the white male
patriarchy it was so unusual that
absolutely it was worth mentioning first
black president yeah you got to mention
that right but at some point everybody's
doing okay enough then maybe we're
better off if we just stop talking like
that stop calling it out like it's
special because that seems to be more
dividing
uniting wouldn't the help you imagine a
world imagine a world like this where
you know we elected the first will say
lesbian president of the United States
imagine a world where we elect the first
lesbian president of the United States
and nobody mentions it nobody mentions
it they just say hey the Democrat won or
hey the Republican won when can we get
to that you know why why do we have to
care about that the other things I want
to talk about today the youth vote
versus the old vote so I my my
prediction was that the the old people
would show up and the old people
apparently did break records so I don't
know if we have the final numbers but I
think it's breaking records so it looks
like the GOP turnout was very high for a
midterm it looks like the senior citizen
turnout was extra high but here's the
fun part
the youth turnout no different so youth
did not turn out in big numbers and that
probably that probably is the the
difference between f you know the the
small wave and the big wave is that the
youth didn't turn out now you might ask
yourself how can how can the Republicans
and the Democrats work together on these
various mostly domestic issues I have an
answer to that if you have a normal
Republican and a normal Democrat trying
to make a deal you kinda can't get there
because if they stick with what their
team wants them to do just can't get
there but President Trump is not normal
is not normal in any of the ways that
people are normal and you only need one
of the people to be not normal in this
in this case I mean not normal in a good
way
so how can let me give you some examples
of domestic policy
how could you reach an agreement on
immigration let's say the wall it would
just pick one thing how can you make a
deal on the wall if one side says yeah
we want all kinds of wall let's wall up
the whole thing
and the other side says absolutely no
wall no way how can you reach a middle
ground well you could reach it the same
way every business does you could say
let's try some wall will approve enough
wall budget to see if it makes a
difference and they'll pick a place and
they'll say alright we're gonna build a
wall here small budget and at the end of
the build
we'll see if people are coming over it
or going to other places we'll just see
if it changes anything see what we learn
and then we'll make a second decision
after we've seen now the first part of
the wall worked
now you could even do better you could
say we're going to build a little wall
here we're gonna we're going to build
some say electronic surveillance here
and a different process over here you
could try three different things see how
they work
so for everything that is a big decision
there is a way to find out how to test
it so that both sides can claim the
victory if Pelosi only approved let's
say two billion dollars of wall funding
and it was enough to build some of the
wall she could say we did not approve
the wall all we did was approve some
fixing up some places that we were gonna
fix up anyway and President Trump could
claim yes we got the wall of course
we're funding the first part first and
then when that goes well we'll fund the
rest so you do have a way for both both
sides to claim the victory if you do the
same process every time which is tested
small and then make a second decision
about expanding it once you know more
from the test how could you do that with
healthcare uh I don't know the answer
that but I have a question the United
States is a big country and it's so big
that if you were to take a corner of the
United States it would still be a big
country right it would be
than a lot of European countries why do
we have to choose between single pair
and let's say the free market or
something like it that were experiencing
now why do we have to choose what would
stop us from from saying you can either
sign up for the free market one which
means do nothing or you can sign up for
the single payer but if you sign up for
the single payer the only people who
will ever be on the hook for that bill
are other people who signed up for
single payer in other words just have
two systems let have everybody have
exactly what they want if half the
country said we want single payer we
want the government to do it let them
accept that they would also have to
accept that the entire bill for that
forever could never be paid by the
people who did not choose it so the
people who stayed in the free market
area and either because they didn't
trust the other one or because they
wanted to pay more to get better service
whatever reason they would never be on
the hook unless they decide to go over
is there any reason that we need one
system for the whole country when the
country largely would like to have their
own system I don't see anything that
would stop half the country from saying
here's my social security number I want
to be in the one payer system and I will
be in the class of people who are the
only people who have to pay the bill
your taxes will go up but if you join it
let's say you join a company that has
health care perhaps that company that
has health care can now take you off the
roll because you're you're in the single
payer it seems to me you could do both
let's take another example let's take
prison reform prison reform is the
perfect situation for something that can
be tried in one state in one area you
don't have to make a deal nobody has to
agree if you have two different ways you
want to do prison reform let's
there's a democratic version a
Republican version do both just find a
state that wants to try it put one in
one state one in the other try it run it
for two years you can't tell me
anybody's going to disagree with that
because that's the high ground all right
let's take another thing I don't know
let's let's say I think I think
marijuana reform that's coming
I think that'll happen easily so that's
good news let's take what else we got
immigration I think there'll be some
kind of middle ground on immigration
you know the what's the the biggest
complaint that people had about Trump's
handling of the border kids and cages
right now if you're trying to be logical
and rational and look at everything the
kids in cages thing wasn't as real as
people want to make it sound there were
kids in cages if you want to call them
that so that part was real but it was
also a continuation of what Obama was
doing it got worse under the Trump
administration I would call that a
mistake it was a mistake that was called
out and corrected and what does it take
to correct a mistake like that funding
that's it it requires money if you have
enough money and resources you could
make sure things are taken care of you
might also need to change some laws so
for everything that remains that I think
everything that the Democrats and
Republicans want to work on there is
probably a way to test as small which
means there's a way forward because
nobody has to make a decision if you can
test it that looks like the that looks
like the situation we're in now I've
said before that I think because
President Trump has a stronger control
on the Senate he's still going to get
his Supreme Court picks he's still going
to have the flexibility he needs to you
know deal internationally with treaties
and whatnot
you'll have the flexibility he needs for
trade trade negotiations and now he's
got possibly a partner in the Senate or
I'm sorry the partner in the house that
you can work with either with Pelosi or
whoever replaces her so here's my for
those of you just joining my take on
last night is that it's one of the best
things that has ever happened to the
country and I don't think you're gonna
see it for a while meaning that at the
moment Republicans are sort of
shell-shocked and you know disappointed
and stuff and and you imagine you
imagine that you imagine that the
Democrats will act in the future exactly
the way they have acted before a number
of people have tweeted at me and said
Scott you're so naive don't you
understand that the way they act is the
way they'll always act just because they
have some power doesn't mean they'll act
differently they will be all about
destroying the president no matter what
all the time to which I say let's see I
predict the opposite I predict that when
the the dog is chasing the car the dog
barks and barks and barks while he's
chasing but once the once the dog
catches the car which is what just
happened with the election the dog acts
differently he catches the car and he's
like I wasn't expecting this I guess the
barking is over now I got my got myself
a car I guess I'm happy so what I would
expect is that Democrats will have to
adjust to having power they're going to
they're going to have to adjust to
having responsibility they're going to
start looking at 2020 and saying if we
don't do something useful there's no way
in hell we're gonna have a good 2020 so
I would think you're gonna see a lot of
cooperation you're gonna see people on
the right and the left mad at both
Pelosi and Trump and Schumer
I suppose but you're gonna you're going
to have a perfect setup for a president
Trump a deal maker who can make a deal
all right so honestly this is the
best-case scenario you and I
I feel bad if you can't see it now I'm
not saying that the future is so clear
that you know I can predict it with some
some degree of crazy accuracy but the
setup the way the way the the chessboard
has set itself through nobody a special
effort it just ended up here is the best
it's ever been this right now is the
best setup the country has ever had for
a good result will we get a good result
fingers crossed
let's let's so people do with what we
elected them to do but I say
congratulations to the Democrats
congratulations on a great fight you put
in the effort you had the right strategy
you picked the right people we got a we
got an openly gay governor I think
that's great we got more women of color
in positions that has to be good because
you know we're a country that needs to
recognize everybody so I think we came
out way way ahead last night it just
doesn't look like it to everybody yet so
let's see what happens I'm gonna leave
you on that positive thought one all of
you to have a great week and it was
tremendous fun thanks for sharing it
with me the the election was was just so
entertaining and to me it was
exhilarating to watch the system self
correct so don't expect riots in the
street I think we cured that last night
so good job to the founders of the
country you built a system that worked
all the way through 2018 at least
and that's all for now