Oh bump bump bump bump up on
hey there Freudian slap I like your I
like your username alright everybody get
in here it's been far too long since we
spoke nearly a day and it's time you
know what it's time for oh yeah you do
yeah you do
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
and it's time for the simultaneous it
are you ready join me if you will lift
your class your beverage your vessel
full of liquids of your choice
preferably coffee good stuff well if
you're watching the news you're seeing
something well really fascinating going
on lately and it goes like this
there's a story in the anti-trump side
of the press which is you know most of
the press that goes like this it says
that President Trump got Russia to agree
with Israel to keep Iran a hundred
kilometers from Israel's border which is
a huge win for our close ally Israel
it's a huge benefit to keeping peace in
that part of the world and it's exactly
what the president and the United States
would want Russia to do something very
productive that actually moves against
their old ally Iran you know think about
it Russia and Iran or we're kind of you
know part of the the bad boys club but
now Russia's doing something that we
like and Israel likes and Iran probably
doesn't like you so much
how is this being reported well
in the pro-trump press is being reported
as hey that's exactly what he was trying
to do he was being friendly with Putin
which is you know not the easiest thing
to do because Putin's got some rough
edges if you know what I mean
but he did it because we have higher
priorities the Middle East North Korea
there may be other ways that Russia can
be helpful and sure enough right after a
president Trump was nice to Putin
something happens right away which is
that Russia does exactly what we wanted
them to do which is be more our friend
in the Middle East than Iran's friend
how did the anti-trump press cover that
clear victory that is clearly based on
his strategy which is completely
transparent I'm going to be good to
Russia because they can help us on these
things that are high priorities for us
and those things that we don't like
about Russia probably are lower
priorities anyway at least for the
United States which is the president's
whole deal America first and the
anti-trump press has decided to cover it
this way that he's using that the
president is using his success with
Russia in terms of the Iranian buffer
zone to divert from his good strategy at
the summit of being friendly to Putin it
feels like I'm making that up but that's
exactly what I watched all day people
saying hey I think he's using his
success to divert our attention from his
good decision it was a good decision to
play well with Putin if if in fact you
know with Russia continues to be
flexible and and back us on some of the
key things so they literally are
covering the news as his success is a
diversion from his good
decision you know it feel like I'm in
some kind of weird weirdo world well at
the same time North Korea according to
one of the satellite tracking entities
that apparently is it has a lot of
credibility even CNN retweeted them so I
believe there are a credible source they
say from the satellite images they can
see that North Korea has started
dismantling one of its I think it was
it's rocket launching test sites now
that one site may not be terribly
important you know compared to all the
things that North Korea would need to
dismantle and the 38 North is the site
and in that article they speculate and I
think speculates probably the right word
I'm not sure how much anybody knows
about what's happening in the close
meetings but they speculate that in
order for North Korea to do more they're
going to need a big gesture from the
United States and and allies and I
thought to myself oh there's the problem
it's gonna have to be a big gesture like
world what are we gonna be what are we
gonna do that we're willing to do that's
good for North Korea so that they'll go
to the next level and I'm like what this
next gesture is going to be something we
don't want to do what is it and they
said that the big gesture might be that
we would declare that the end to the war
that we would just sign a peace
agreement to end the decades-old war and
I thought to myself that's like the
easiest thing we could possibly do so
our big gesture would be just doing
something that we wanted to do anyway
now that big gesture requires something
in order for us to sign a peace deal and
to into Garrett and part of that
obviously would be guaranteeing the
secure
of North Korea what would it take to
credibly guarantee North Korea was safe
from any of the big powers trying to
take over well it would require China
being on board seems doable it would
require the United States to agree and
if North Korea is you know is playing
along and getting rid of their nukes and
missiles we would certainly be on board
with that and it requires Russia now I
know Russia has only a tiny border but
they are one of the big powers of
nuclear power and what would be more
credible to North Korea take these these
possibilities what is the most credible
security deal one in which only the
United States says yeah we won't attack
you one in which the United States and
China only say yeah well we'll take care
of you that's a little better all right
because you got two major powers and
they're they're sort of ad adversaries
at least in trade so if you have both of
them that's pretty good but not quite
there but what if you had the United
States South Korea China and Russia all
saying that if any one of those entities
goes into North Korea the the remaining
entities are going to be against them
well now you're pretty credible so it
might be and I this isn't a prediction
but a possibility that Trump that tricky
devious con artist bastard he might try
to use his success in North Korea to
divert from his other good decisions I
worry about that don't you worry that
he'll use his success to make us focus
away from his good decisions we can't
have that what kind of a world do we
live in
the other interesting story and I waited
a few days to weigh in on an opinion
because there are some stories that are
complicated and you need to you need to
see how they play out a little bit with
the experts to figure out what's going
on and that was the case with the the
Carter page the the FISA stuff that just
came out now I can't catch you up on
that whole story so you need to sort of
join me you know midway in the story and
I hope most of you have been following
along so the the big question was was
the FISA warrant to wiretap or yeah I
guess is to wiretap Carter page was that
based on the the so called dossier which
was not verified or was the dossier just
part of a larger application but not a
necessary component now what happened
when this big confusing legal document
with lots of redactions came out did
everybody in the entire world say oh
here it is
this document clears up everything now
that now that we've seen the document
all of our questions are answered did
that happen well it should have happened
right because the document very clearly
says what the you know the what elements
were in the request for the for the for
the for watching Carter page right but
nothing like that happened no just
because it's clearly written down in a
document doesn't mean everybody's going
to read it and say well that's pretty
clear instead our two movies on one
screen as I like to say kicked into high
gear and that was too terrible analogies
just back to back I apologize for all
that but what happened was if you turn
to CNN and MSNBC they'll tell you yep
were looking at that document and it
very clearly says that the dossier was
not that important and there were other
reasons for the FISA warrant and then
you switch over to Fox News and their
experts are saying it's very clear that
depended on the dossier the fake dossier
it's very clear which one of those is
accurate well probably well let me give
you the big picture here you and I are
probably not lawyers some of you
probably are lawyers but not many but
the public I'll put myself in the class
of just the public we the public are
looking at the experts talking about
that document some of us maybe looked at
it as it was reported and what can we
citizens declare is true or not true
based on that document well I'll speak
for myself I can't tell I cannot tell
independently in other words I can't
look at the document and say oh yeah
CNN's reporting is right that that
dossier wasn't terribly important and I
can't tell if Fox's right oh yeah that
was critical in without it they never
would have done any of this stuff I
can't tell what's right now if you think
you can you might be wrong because I'm
pretty sure that if you put ten lawyers
in a room who were just completely
independent lawyers you know they didn't
have if such a thing existed I don't
think they would have the same opinion I
think that there's enough ambiguity in
this thing maybe intentionally it may it
may have been originally developed to be
a little ambiguous because the ambiguity
works for the maker of the document
because then you could say well we
didn't rely on the dossier but we
certainly persuaded the judge didn't we
so see how you could have it both ways
you would not want to put together this
warrant in a way that says
if you don't like this dossier part we
don't need this warrant because it
really depends on the dossier alright
then the judge would say yes or no on
the dossier but the way they wrote it I
believe was that well we're not saying
that dossier is the whole thing and it's
not it's not a hundred percent
dependable and maybe there was a
political opponent involved in funding
this we don't need to name names cuz
opponents or opponents doesn't matter
who the opponent is if it's an opponent
yeah you if you know it's from an
opponent funded by an opponent you can
you know discount that so here's the
question was the dossier used for
persuasion of the judge but not used as
an actual factual sort of evidence that
you would have to present to meet the
requirements of the warrant so in other
words did they know they didn't have
enough on the facts but they thought
they could push it over the line with a
little persuasion that's what it looks
like to me it looks like the maker of
the warrant knew they didn't have enough
facts without the FISA warrant but I'll
bet they also knew the FISA warrant was
not reliable so they had something that
the reliable information got them 75
percent of the way which would not be
enough to get a warrant because if
you're not if you haven't met the
standard you haven't met the standard so
there were 75% of the way maybe and they
just needed a little persuasion to take
it the rest of the way and maybe that
was enough and maybe that worked now if
that's the case and who knows if I'm
presenting this accurately or not that's
really my whole point is that none of us
can really make heads or tail out of
this even if we were lawyers I think
this would be confusing but it could be
the bowls
our kind to write meaning that when Fox
News says hey this couldn't have
happened without that dossier that may
be true because the dossier was
persuasive even though it didn't meet it
didn't check any of the boxes for
actually being good enough you know as
evidence but it might also be true that
the other side says hey the dossier was
not presented as a check the box an
element it was just more information and
we thought the judge should have
everything we know so we gave it to him
it was just on top of our other evidence
but since we don't know what was in the
judges mind and what influenced him he
can't really separate what were the
parts the judge said oh yeah this checks
the box this has all the criteria and
what was the part that they were just
sort of influenced by that dossier thing
that just seemed you know bigger and
more important than the evidence they
actually had so we've created a
situation where everybody can see
whatever they want all right both sides
can be right with completely different
opinions at least in a way that they can
support their opinion so would that be
enough to say that the FBI lied to the
court probably not but my take on it and
again I'm not a lawyer so I think my
credibility on this has to be really low
but I would say the same of just about
everybody else you hear about it the FBI
probably didn't lie here's what they did
they persuaded is persuasion a lie
suppose they said we have five bits of
evidence which are not sufficiently
convincing for a warrant and here they
are and then we have a dossier which we
will tell you comes from the opponents
and therefore you should discount its
value and we haven't verified it but the
dossier in its importance
if it were true is really big it's
really big
we just don't know if it's true but we
do have these other things that are
smallish that we're pretty sure to
Carter Paige went to Russia for example
right so could you say the FBI lied if
they presented the dossier as unverified
and they said that it came from an
opponent not really that's not
technically a lie but is it a weasel
move of the highest level oh yeah it's a
weasel move of the highest level what
would have made it not a weasel move
well not a weasel move would have been
that they verified what they could in
the dossier and then said here are the
parts we verified that's all we know
we don't know anything about the rest of
the dossier would that have been legal
and appropriate I would think yes again
I'm not a lawyer so my credibility on
this is love but it seems to me the FBI
had two ways to go one probably wouldn't
get their warrant but it would be
completely honest and it would be the
best work they could do the other way
they do get their warrant but they're
using persuasion on the judges a little
bit more than they're checking the boxes
is that illegal not if you tell the
truth as far as I know as far as I know
everything in the dossier was true right
is there anything in the dossier that
was untrue there are things that people
think should have been included things
that people who think should not have
been included but I don't believe there
was anything untrue I did for you -
Andrea McCarthy's take on that I read
the difference between the verified and
the unverified and the the point if it
was Andrew
McCarthy I don't I hate to summarize his
opinion because he's this Martin version
of this and if I summarize it I may I
may lose something that was necessary
but I think there was a distinction
between verified information meaning the
FBI checked on it before they put it in
the in the document and unverified I
believe this was presented as unverified
which normally wouldn't be in the
application but that doesn't make it a
lie if you if you present it as
unverified in whatever words you use to
do that I don't know that that feels
like it's honest but a weasel move so
the FBI probably doesn't have any legal
liability here but they certainly have
some explainin nothing in the dossier is
true well that doesn't matter in terms
of the application so long as it wasn't
presented as true they said the source
was one they have used before that's
different than verified they said the
source had been accurate before now
that's just true
all right so I know you hate to think
that the FBI didn't lie I think it would
be more accurate to say they were
persuasive because they knew they didn't
have the goods so they used some
persuasion on top of the facts and the
facts we're not convincing now let's
talk about Carter page now Carter page
is an interesting care here because
apparently he was involved working with
the FBI to try to do a sting on some
Russians that were trying to recruit
Americans and it wasn't that long ago
but my question is don't you think that
Russia tries to flip everybody who's at
the level of Carter page so Carter page
is a person who has you know some ties
with the government of the United States
and business with Russia and he oh he's
visited and he's given speeches and
stuff now don't you think Russia would
be trying to flip everybody who fit that
profile well I don't think Carter page
was special I would think that yeah the
moment that Russia knew that somebody
connected with the government was doing
business in Russia I have got a feeling
suddenly that person would have a new
friend just you know just poking the
doors saying yeah let's let's check out
this guy no obviously they can't check
out every American who visits Russia but
I'll bet they do check out anybody who's
got some ties to the government the
point is yeah I'm not arguing what the
point is I'm just giving some context
so those of you who are saying let me
let me be clear here
I'm not defending the FBI just because
as far as I know there are no lies in
their applications that's not a defense
of the FBI because if they put
persuasion in there to substitute for
the for for the persuasiveness of their
verified facts that's not good I'm not
saying that's good I'm just saying it
might not be a lie somebody's saying
that they lied to you can somebody
give me an example of a lie that was in
the FISA warrant keep in mind that I'm
not tied to my opinions on this
everybody so we all agree that the
dossier was not verified and that as far
as we know you know it's unrolled there
are parts of it at least that are
unverified so that part we all agree on
I think we're having the situations and
somebody's going they effin lied I think
we're having a situation where you
actually there's some of you and this is
sort of interesting
some of you literally can't hear what
I'm saying I don't mean literally in
terms of sound but I'm saying something
very simple that is being translated
into your brain to some other things so
you can disagree with me because I don't
think you like what I'm saying but I'm
open to a counter so watch what happens
I'm going to ask somebody so there there
are a number of people who are saying
they lied give me give me the specific
thing they lied on and you can change my
mind so whoever is yelling in all caps
oh they lied they lied can you give me
the example of the thing they lied about
the dossier was filled with lies that's
not an answer to my question
because it was presented as unverified
lying by omission is now
lie in terms of well what was the
omission lying by omission I didn't
mention it was funded by a political
party it did mention it was funded by a
political opponent if you're a judge and
you hear that something is funded by a
political opponent do you need to know
who it was would that make any
difference now it looks like and again
this is where the part I don't know
since the the warrant was written with
names left out apparently as in person
one person to a political party one
political party to don't they do that to
take the bias away from the judge so
that the judge could look at it as a
generic situation without knowing the
names of the people I thought that was
the whole reason so isn't the omission a
feature and not a bug if you say this
was funded by the political opponent
haven't you said everything you need to
say about its possible credibility what
else would you have to say is you know
if you said it was Hillary Clinton's
campaign does that make it worse
political opponent an opponents an
opponent it's not going to be any worse
depending on the name of the opponent it
should be completely uncredible because
then you say no the judges see the names
somebody says yes yes yes it makes a
difference so if something is not
credible and you want it to be not
credible because let me let me say this
if you tell me this information comes
from a political opponent I say them and
it's unverified I say to myself okay I
got it
that's not credible but you're just
making a complete picture so I can see
the whole landscape if you said the
political opponents name is Hillary
Clinton what part of my opinion changed
none none doesn't matter if it was you
know Hillary Clinton or any of anybody
else
it was completely unverified and not
credible information by its nature
because it was funded by an opponent now
there are other facts that the judge
took into account but that was that that
lie of omission is it not at not an
active lie meaning it didn't he couldn't
have possibly had any made any
difference to the judge right if the
judge was a good judge why did they care
the name of the opponent as soon as you
hear it funded by an opponent you're you
know there's no credibility FISA
requires both sides to be present I
don't know what that means unverified
facts with a basis for tapping depends
what you mean by the basis if you mean
it was included in the application why
are we why are we not just blaming the
judge why are you blaming the FBI all
right so so whoever it is here who said
the FBI lied you haven't presented an
example of a lie a lie of omission if
you've if you've omitted something that
has no active importance that's not much
of a lie
they said it was verified false they did
not say it was verified warrant requires
verifiable info true but did they lie
about it they did not you I'm pretty
sure you can throw stuff in that's just
context omissions are lies no omissions
are not lies unless they're material I'm
telling you that there would be no
material difference between saying
Hillary Clinton did it or Podesta did it
there's no difference if it's an
opponent it's an opponent that should be
completely damning no matter what name
you put to it the judge assumes
everything's true unless it's presented
accurately as it was it was accurately
presented as something they hadn't
verified and it came from somebody that
they thought was a good source now the
judge might the judges might have some
answering to do I don't know if there's
any process for doing that but probably
not you said you are not a lawyer I mean
but it's a simple question what part was
lie what else is there besides the phony
dossier what else was there was that
card or page visited people and I know
some other stuff
FISA Court was not expecting the weasel
answer yeah
the but the the trouble is if the the
[Laughter]
FBI lied when they said they had
complete confidence in the dossier they
never said that yeah if you're if you're
saying that the the we that the if
you're telling me that the FISA
application was not done in the normal
way and not the way it should have been
that's all true but that's different
than a lie FBI claimed the Isikoff
article was independently sourced I
don't think they claimed that I think
they just included it now if they knew
it was not independently sourced then
that would be a lie then that would be a
lie that would be a so I don't know the
answer this question but if the Isikoff
article was included as an independent
source and the FBI knew it wasn't an
independent source that would be a lie
of either a direct liar or a lie of
admission and that would be material but
I don't know I don't know if that's the
case sets a dangerous precedent yeah so
it could be the situation can be all
kinds of bad and it could be you know
signs of treason and and revolution
within the government it can be all
those bad things and still the FBI may
not have technically lied those two
things can be both true and at the
moment it looks like they didn't lie but
they did something so incredibly
weasel-like that its effect was as a lie
it's just they might not be technically
lying they gave credibility to it yeah
so I'm I'm agreeing that they used it
for persuasion
part is not in question the name does
matter when it lies her team to spy on
the other team well if it allows oh it
matters because the opponent would be
also connected to Obama but that would
be true of yeah you'd have to connect
those dots to me
all right so I guess this demonstrates
my first point is that if you and I have
a conversation about this dossier we
can't get anywhere because we we very
quickly hit the limit of our legal
knowledge now those of you who said eh
go read to Andrew McCarthy's article I
did and it was very well written he's a
great writer by the way he injured
McCarthy just his his actual writing
style is spectacular but and he very
clearly lay down you know why his
objections were but here's the problem
if you read the a clear argument from
one side in this debate you go away
saying oh I guess I get it now I
understand it all but you don't know
what you don't know in other words if
you were a lawyer at the same level as
Andrew McCarthy and you looked at the
same data would you have the same
conclusions I don't know but I doubt it
and so therefore Andrew McCarthy can be
completely accurate every fact he
mentions could be spot-on the context
that he gives it you know might have all
accurate facts and still it's not
credible even if everything about Andrew
McCarthy is good and right you know
let's say he's honest he's clear writer
he knows the law if all of those things
are true is still not credible because
you have to hear the other side and if
you don't put them in the same room
where they're talking about you know hey
you said this no what I meant was this
if you haven't heard that conversation
you don't really know what's going on
you know there's a reason that court
cases are not one side presenting their
case
you know you gather right the reason
that the entire justice system depends
on you hearing both sides within the
same you know and also hearing the the
counter to each side and you know
questioning the evidence and each side
there's a reason they do it like that
because if only one side came in and
talked
yeah really wouldn't know anything
because you know a lawyer can make
anything sound convincing that's what
they do for a living so if you read
Andrew McCarthy's article which looked
completely credible to me and you said
well there I understand the situation
and now I can form an opinion that is a
huge mistake
you could be right and he could be right
but you wouldn't know it you wouldn't
have any way of knowing you were on the
right side you could just be there by
accident or by luck so I'd like to hear
you know lawyer I'd like to hear two
people actually understand this entire
situation but have opposing views
sitting in a room and talking to each
other with you know maybe some kind of a
judge in between then and only then you
might get to something that looks like
understanding but even then maybe it
would be too lawyerly for us to
understand yeah who would you get on the
on the other side so Dershowitz and
McCarthy who probably would be on the
same side of this opinion who would be
the best source on the other side who
says that the you know who's the lawyer
on the other side who would say that
avenatti
anyway so we need to see the lawyers in
the same room otherwise you don't know
anything so that's my position my
position on the dossier is I don't
understand it and I don't know enough to
have an opinion and I think that was
demonstrated here that we're all in the
similar boat did here avenatti announced
that stormy Daniels was getting a
divorce from her husband and I'm
thinking to myself
um what how is this the final straw
you know I'm just imagining the husband
of a porn star and you know they fall in
love and she's like okay honey yeah I
want to marry you but you have to
understand some things I've got this job
that I'm gonna keep doing and while
you're home doing the ironing I'm gonna
be out for hire you know what I mean
from her with other men and he says oh
that's okay you know I guess I could put
up with that while I'm doing the ironing
but just you know not too many men right
oh oh it's a lot of men it's a lot of
men and the he'll be like all right but
you know it's all it's pg-13 stuff right
Wow not really pg-13 stuff he's like
soft are well soft are if I don't want
to have a good earnings that night I'm
talking about a soft axe may be a hard X
depending on the money
and so her husband says all right all
right I'll put up with us so he's home
doing the ironing and I didn't I don't
know if they have a kid but and she's
off doing her porn star stuff and he's
okay with that what in the world was the
the final straw that made him say you
know I think you've gone too far now
what was it you know given that
situation what part of it did that did
the husband say all right now you've
crossed the line you've gone too far
this time I think it might have been
hanging out with avenatti you know I've
got a feeling that he thought to himself
all right I don't mind that she gets
busy with you know dozens of strangers
every evening at her job but
she was sitting right next to that
avenatti guy I don't think I can touch
her again I don't know what was it was
it that so that's a fascinating story
that's none of our business but I can't
help but talk about it all right I think
I've said all I need to say about this
let's oh end remember by my prediction
from last week that I said that a week
from now that whole summit thing is
going to be just evaporated in a in a in
avalanche of new news well you got it
so let's watch the media continue to
argue that the president is using his
successes with North Korea his successes
in the Middle East that no other
president could succeed at as a
diversion from his good decisions that
got him to those successes so let's
watch the news report it that way and
have a good day everybody