[Music]
hey everybody sing with me
[Music]
now it really doesn't matter what tune
you you play with that as long as you
get the words
right well come on in here we got stuff
to talk about the news is fun again we
got some fun stuff thanks to our
president and Tweeter and Chief keeping
things interesting always appreciated
but before we talk about that you know
what's coming it's called the
simultaneous sip yes it's famous
worldwide and you're about to experience
it it happens when you fill your
favorite
container be it a glass or a cup or a
mug it could be a Stein or a Tankard
could be a flask or a thermos but you
will fill it with your favorite liquid I
like coffee and join now for the
simultaneous
zp oh so good I hope yours was good
too all right so we we've got some new
nicknames or at least some confirmed
nicknames from the nicknamer in Chief
president Trump apparently he has named
Joe Biden sleepy Joe Biden I think we
can shorten that to Sleepy Joe now
sleepy Joe
is hilarious because it sounds like
sloppy Joe and I think maybe he thought
about sloppy joe it probably probably
was in the top 20 things he
considered but Joe Biden does not seem
sloppy if you think about it he seems
well put together so sloppy doesn't
really
fit I'm not entirely sure this sleepy
fits because he seems uh I would have to
say that one thing that is a plus for
Joe Biden is he does have to seem to
have high
energy and for a man of his Advanced age
he seems like he's in really good shape
I got to say I don't think he would be
uh in my top 10 picks for
president in part because of his age but
you got to give him the fitness and the
energy thing he's got that down
um so I'm not sure sleepy is is the
winning nickname here we might see that
get uh yeah it it could be that calling
him creepy
was but sleepy does rhyme with
creepy I don't know if that's an
accident so sleepy creepy
Joe uh I've got a feeling that sleepy
creepy Joe is going to catch on faster
than sleepy Joe and then we've got crazy
Bernie
now crazy Bernie fits pretty well
because uh one of the things that the
president likes to do and I don't think
he did it um true to form with sleepy
Joe uh is that he likes to pick
nicknames that you reminded of whenever
you see the person or you hear something
about their what they've done so in the
same way that low energy Jeb you would
be reminded of it whenever you saw him
compared to the president's energy and
crooked Hillary you would be reminded
that every time there's some story of an
allegation of Clinton Foundation or
whatever even if it's not true it's
going to remind you of something
crooked um with Bernie he has enough
policies that don't have good math
behind them according to his critics
that crazy is going to make sense so
you're going to be reminded of crazy
quite often but you may not be reminded
of of sleepy was sleepy Joe except for
maybe the fact that it's taking him so
long to make a decision and and get into
the race I guess although I would argue
it makes sense for him to
wait
um so that's that's the nickname update
but the funny part about his tweet is
that the president uh mockingly said he
felt sorry for whoever runs against him
and he said quote May God Rest their
souls may God Rest his soul I guess
and I
tweeted half kiddingly but also
seriously that by tomorrow the fake news
was going to be that the president is
suggesting
uh is talking about murdering his
opposition and sure enough within an
hour of that tweet Democrats were on
Twitter saying
sh well let me give let me give you this
the right treatment dale dale can you
come in here we need to do okay Dale is
coming Dale what was the response to the
president's tweet about God Rest their
souls well I think there's only one
thing we can say about that which is
this question what did he mean about
that I mean in what world do you say God
bless their
soul unless you're planning to murder
them I mean frankly I can't think of
another
explanation I have scoured my memory I
have searched the internet and I have
sat in a chair thinking when I combine
all that research which I did myself it
turns out there is no other explanation
for a tweet using the
phrase God bless our
souls except planning to murder and
talking about in
public which makes sense right you do
plan your murders in public on
Twitter I think I think that makes sense
yeah I'm going to go with that there is
no other
explanation other than he's planning
murder
andan so I got that prediction right but
in all fairness that was an easy one I
think you all got that prediction right
to uh let's talk about the some of the
trouble I caused
yesterday so some of the trouble is that
I agreed with Fox
News uh shutting down the people who
wanted to talk about the context of the
Notre Dame fire and the context is that
there have been a number of Christian
Church fires and vandalisms
lately now now I agreed with shutting
down that line of thinking and people
said to me Scott Scott Scott why do you
OB to actual facts Scott do you do you
hate Free Speech why can't people talk
about something that's true and
relevant what is wrong with that Scott
if something is true and it's totally
relevant to the
question why can't you talk about that
to which I
say the
truth is
overrated in fact I wrote a book about
it it's called wind
bigley a persuasion in the world where
facts don't
matter so in this case it's not that the
facts don't matter exactly it's that the
truth is not a useful
standard I'm going to dig myself into
the deep deepest hole I've ever been in
uh we'll see if I can get out probably
not you end up sounding like Rachel
madow nutty well let me give you my what
would you allow that I have not given my
reasoning yet or at least not reasoning
that you find
compelling so if you're disagreeing with
my
opinion can you can we also start at the
the starting point that I have
not uh I've not explained my reasoning
all right so so if you haven't heard it
yet don't say you disagree with it yet
now remember I'm starting out by
agreeing with you on the main
points free speech is
good the facts that people wanted to
talk about the context of the other
fires are true as far as I know the
reporting seems to be consistent and
it's completely relevant it is
relevant okay so those are the things we
agree on it's true it's relevant free
speech is
good so here's what I haven't said I
have not said it should be illegal to
talk about it I haven't said that
shouldn't be illegal I have not said you
should be punished or boycotted for
talking about it I haven't said that so
can we agree that I have not made any
claims about freedom of speech I like
freedom of speech if somebody does talk
about this thing even though I think
it's a bad idea do I think they should
be punished absolutely not not even a
little not socially not boycotted not
legally not in any way Free Speech
period all right so can we can we agree
to take Free Speech off the table
because we're all on the same side right
if somebody does talk about it no
penalty Free Speech all right so free
speech is off the table now what's left
if is
newsworthiness so the the need for the
public to know facts which are relevant
I say that the public should know those
facts so if you're saying to me but
Scott Scott the public needs to know
these facts hear me clearly I agree the
public needs to know the context which
would include the other churches that
have been on fire
so can we agree to take that off the
table because we agree the context is
true it's relevant and the public should
know about it so you don't need to argue
about that anymore let's take that off
the table right so free speech is off
the table the truth is off the table
because we agree on the truth and the
importance of the public knowing is also
off the table because we're all in
agreement so now let's get to the part
where we might have some
disagreement the truth
can be dangerous depending on the
situation and here's the the reasoning
um errors that I'm seeing with the
people who are disagreeing with me all
right the biggest error is to imagine
that there's a general rule that we
should apply to this situation of Notre
Dame burning in the context of uh of
immigration and you know concern about
the musl immigration and whether they're
um whether whether you know whatever
problems that may or may not
cause
so here here's my first point and I'm
hoping you can agree with
me there are some situations which are
so
unique that as soon as you say well
would you apply the same thinking to any
other situation I say no no you just
have to treat this as it's own thing the
the the burning down of notra Dame is
just not like any other thing it's not
it's completely unique and so whatever
you decide on that could be something
you only decide for this one situation
while the general rules about how you
handle things could be completely intact
as good general rules there are other
things I would put in this category
anytime anybody Compares anything to the
holog
that's
inappropriate because there's nothing
like the Holocaust except other
genocides so if you're comparing another
genocide that's also involves millions
of people I'd say that's fair to compare
that to the Gen to to uh the Holocaust
another one is slavery there's nothing
really that
compares exactly to slavery so if you
use any analogies like well the way we
treat this other situation is this way
let's treat slavery in the history of
slavery the same way no it doesn't work
that way there's nothing like it any
analogy like thinking fails for the
Holocaust if fails for anything about
slavery and I'm arguing that this
notredame fire is not like other things
here's why here's what makes the Notre
Dame fire not like other
things do you saw the emotional
connection that much of the world I
can't speak for Asia you know maybe
maybe it's getting processed a little
differently over there but for the
Western World for Europe the United
States um the feeling that we had when
watching notame burn was not like other
feelings it would not be like watching
an individual church burn which you
would feel bad about but you don't feel
bad about it the same way there's a
whole other level um people have com
compared it to 911 again 911 is
something you probably don't want to
compare things to because it was its own
thing but in terms of just this one
dimension of how people felt about it it
was up there so from an emotional
perspective it was
unparalleled for a fire all right so as
fires go it was unparalleled that's my
first
point the next thing you need to know is
that the situation in Europe is not like
any other situation has ever been in
Europe the the uh the volatility of the
situation trying to merge the different
cultures is pretty ticklish and it's
pretty ticklish in our country as well
and so how you handle it needs to be
recognizing that you have a really big
emotional
situation and it's in a context of a
really
brittle volatile social situation both
in the United States and in Europe those
are unique situations so if you don't if
you don't treat the unique situation
with a a unique approach and you just
slap on on the you know the generic way
that you you treat everything you may
have some problems and here's the
problem
specifically compare these two
approaches all right approach number one
that I suggest wait a few
days because keep in mind that everybody
is wondering if it's if it's a terrorist
act there there's nobody who hasn't at
least wondered about that right there's
there's enough talk about it that
everybody's
wondered but until the police and the
investigators come up with a little more
information talking about it
pairs the the emotional feeling you get
about the not Dame burning which is not
like other emotional things it's bigger
it's
bigger it it goes to the Heart Right
goes of the soul is bigger pairing that
with the idea that it might have been a
Muslim terrorist
act changes people's feeling about the
people they live with in a way that may
be disconnected from the
facts so let me put a little more meat
on that that persuasion wise and
brainwashing wise and influence wise
pairing things is very important pairing
the thought of how you think about the
Muslim population in Europe with one of
the worst
emotional
violations of you know the Christians in
that area is the most dangerous thing
you could ever
connect if they're not connected now if
it turn turn out you know 5 days from
now if it turns out that the
investigators say you know what we can't
tell then I think it starts becoming
fair for people to
speculate if they find out in five days
that it was nothing but an
accident then you would feel very bad
that the world spent five
days basically suspecting one class of
people for what would have been if it
were true one of the
worst violations of the
emotional soul of a you know enormous
billion person population all right now
if in five days you get your information
you you know everything that can be
known whether it's conclusive or
inconclusive but you know everything
that can be known at that point if
people started speculating I would say
that's fair because you you do want to
inform the public you do you do want to
have free speech you do you do want to
let people speculate you do you want all
of those things but in this one special
case because the burning of Notre Dame
is just not like anything else
emotionally wait a few days it's just
smarter it's a more responsible thing to
do now if you're Fox News and here I'm
going to defend them again if you're Fox
News you have two responsibilities not
one you've got two
responsibilities one give people the
news as accurately as you
can
two the greater good don't break the
world don't break the world just to
report the facts as soon as possible
don't create a World War when none had
to be created don't create in people's
minds
this gigantic violation blame it on an
entire class of people who may or may
not have anything to do with it and then
let that sit you've all seen uh and
you've all complained about I think when
fake news comes out it gets um forwarded
everywhere and everybody talks about the
fake news when the correction comes out
how much attention does the correction
get this much right so the fake news
will dominate the correction because the
fake news gets a lot of attention but
the correction doesn't the same kind of
effect would be here if we spent the
next five days doing nothing but
speculating about all the churches that
are burned and trying to connect that
with uh Notre Dame by the time the
investigators said let's let's imagine
they say this if they said it was an
accident and were positive about it it
wouldn't freaking matter it would be too
late it would be too late because
onethird of the people who watched the
speculation for a week would say I don't
believe it they'd say it feels like it
was a Muslim attack I I hear what the
investigators say but they're probably
lying because I've lived with this as my
truth speculative Truth for a week I
can't get it out of my head now shepher
SMI
and I think Neil Cavuto and I assume
that they're I don't know how much is
their own decision versus there's a
corporate guideline I hope there's a
corporate guideline and I hope that they
were just doing a credible responsible
thing within that that guideline which
is you don't
speculate on something that could cause
somebody to get
killed if you can just wait a few days
and then we have the information that we
need and then it's a little more fair to
start speculating if if if we're reduced
to that
um somebody says I beg of you move
on you just got
blocked all
right um so that's my
point I think you got the point um I
want to give some other
examples in which the
truth is harmful
one of the dumbest things that I see
online is when people say uh but what
about the truth you know let's let's get
the facts right that's you know we can't
think that way because it's the truth
and I often see that strategy is
separate uh strategy is separate from
truth let me give you a perfect example
um my my old buddy Hawk Nome um who's
associated with black lives matter was
tweeting yesterday that uh white people
don't understand the degree to which
White Privilege has benefited them and
how the black community is is at a
disadvantage now here's a perfect
example of something that's
true and
harmful so compare these two strategies
let's say you you're a African-American
man or woman and you want to get a job
and there are two there are two things
you can say to on social media one of
the things you can say on social media
is I believe uh the white man is keeping
the the black man
down let's say you've got some tweets
that make that point well I think you
could make a good case that it's true
it's true that the legacy of slavery has
a ripple effect that that is certainly
in evidence in current day so you could
be totally accurate you could be telling
the truth it could even be
important but are you going to get a job
offer with that attitude the answer is
no anybody who would hire somebody who
could say that sort of thing in public
is making a mistake it might be true it
might be important but if you say it if
you say that truth don't expect to get a
job offer because you an employer would
be crazy to pull somebody into their
organization who already has a a chip on
their shoulder they're going to be
looking for trouble because it just
shows that their filter is set for
looking for discrimination now compare
that to the opposite let's say you
believe that that um there is such a
thing as white privilege let's say you
believe that's true um and a good
argument can be made let's say you
believe that the Legacy of slavery is
really affecting people in the current
but when you talk about it when you go
into a job interview when you say things
on social media you say the opposite of
true you say it's really up to the
individual you know in this country
anybody can can get ahead now how does
that person do in their life a lot
better right because if you if you show
uh the the the thing that I always wish
existed would be strategy for dealing
with white
people you know I think it's a a general
truth that there's no no demographic
group that really understands how
another demographic group thinks you
know the young don't understand the old
and vice versa the white white people
don't understand black people black
people don't understand white it's just
a universally true you only you only
you're lucky if you understand your own
group and you certainly don't understand
other groups so wouldn't it be useful to
have a guide book like a strategy or a
playbook for how to get the most out of
white people now white people already
know the the the technique I'll tell you
the technique I use it because even
though I'm a white guy I have to deal
with white people all the
time so one of the things I do is I act
like a white guy I just figure out all
right how are they acting okay I'll you
know as much as possible I'll dress like
like that I'll talk like that I'll sort
of be like that is any of that natural
not a bit n none of my acting like a
white guy is natural I mean there might
be some of it but mostly I'm just
looking at other white people and saying
all right I need to fit in I need them
to like me for all kinds of Social and
economic reasons what would I need to do
oh God I need to wear glasses like this
right basically you know my choice of
what glasses I could buy
is constrained by what community I want
to influence right so I would say that
the way to influence white people is to
say the thing that they want to
hear even if you don't believe it even
if you don't believe it and the thing
that all white people want to hear is
that you can make your own way in this
world by your own effort that your
effort determines your your uh outcome
um I would say a uh a brilliant
voice for this is Ed laimer so if you
don't follow him on uh on Twitter you
should he's probably got the one of the
smartest Twitter feeds you'll ever see
and you look at his strategy SL
philosophy about success and it's just
right on it's perfectly compatible with
success and it plays well across
demographic groups so he talks about
self-determination and you know uh
Fitness and how all those things can
control your your success that is the
mindset that when you hear it the first
thing you say is damn how can I support
this guy I like the guy you know I like
the person because the way he talks is
compatible with the way I
think and I would like to help him so
what did I do after seeing several
tweets by
Ed I said I'm going to follow this guy
and then I recommended him and then I
had him on my Periscope all right all of
that is because his his worldview was so
compatible with what I think is a
positive thing for the world right and
was he born thinking all these things
and thinking the way he does no he
wasn't born that way it's something he
figured out he fig he looked at the
world he lived in the world he had
experiences and he figured out this
works this doesn't work I think I'll do
more of the stuff that works and sure
enough he's getting a good result so I
would say that the truth we should
always hold as a standard that you know
you need a good reason not to use the
truth but I'm giving you a good reason
sometimes the truth is your worst
strategy you you know if your spouse
comes up and says do you like my haircut
and you
don't maybe the truth isn't your best
strategy you know if you think it's a
temporary situation speaking of
haircuts uh don to
Brazil has apparently been hired by Fox
News and I'm seeing a lot of reaction to
that now the people who say how could
you hire Don in Brazil I don't think
people realize that Fox News does hire
people who are
Democrats it's it's part of their it's
part of the entertainment is that they
they have the Democrat the Democrat who
will say the the the things that they
can react
to um but but I wanted to say something
that's completely
off I guess offbrand for me uh I
met I met down in Brazil years ago and
context business contacts we had some
overlapping interests
uh that's not exactly right accurate but
you don't need to know the backstory
it's not important I met her once that's
all you need to know
um and I I was watching her on uh on the
Five on Fox News and I just have to call
out she got the best freaking
haircut whoever whoever either advised
her or does her hair oh my God what an
upgrade I've never seen such a haircut
upgrade in my life it's she I think she
looks 10 to 15 years
younger than she did 10 years ago it's I
don't know maybe she's doing some other
stuff with her her Fitness or whatever
but
uh her her haircut is really exceptional
I can't stop looking at it some other
people are saying the same thing I know
it's a personal decision but um it makes
me wonder if that's a uh makes me wonder
if that's a Fox News effect because Fox
News is very smart about their
programming and if you haven't noticed
it uh check for this I've said this
before but if you look at CNN it's all
talented smart people who just happen to
disagree with a lot of you but you you
would agree they're they're generally
good-look talented multi-talented they
have talents across Fields they're very
good
but everybody on CNN is sort of a
version of the same
person like they're they show their
personalities but in showing them they
sort of look the same right the even the
men the women they all are sort of the
same person over there on CNN but Fox
News is um I think a little more clever
in their programming and hiring they get
people who have
personalities like real genuine unique
personalities you know there there's
only one Greg geld right there there's
nobody who's just like him and and Don
in Brazil fits perfectly into that there
isn't really anybody like her and she
has a great sense of humor you know so
she which is another characteristic that
it's obvious that Fox News also hires
for sense of humor I don't know if they
think of it that way but it can't be a
coincidence that literally everybody
they hire seems to have a good sense of
humor um and and they're all unique you
know there's haraldo is not like anybody
else right Jessie Waters he's just not
like anybody else and you know you could
go down the line um there's only there's
only one Dana Pino um Etc if I left
anybody out it's not
intentional all
right um there's a story about uh Kim
Fox over in Chicago
some text messages of hers have been
uncovered and I thought it was
fascinating because uh what people had
been saying about Kim Fox now this is
related to the Jess Jesse Smet Cas or
Smet case however he say it um and the
thought was that she gave him an easy
ride and that maybe the fix was in and
she was she was trying to help him out
and maybe maybe she interfered even
though she said she recused herself and
then you see the text messages and I
think people are uh treating the text
messages like it's a Smoking
Gun but that's not the way I read them
as usual
um one of the things her text message
said was that uh it seemed like they
were overcharging him there were 16
counts and she said my God people
already are accusing us of overcharging
people and we're charging him for more
than you would charge for Worse crimes
so she was questioning the reputation of
of her
department for over overcharging people
so now that you hear that and you say oh
that's sort of the thing you'd say if if
you were trying to help Jesse but it
wasn't really that context it really
just seemed like she was talking about
the brand and about how do you manage
the fact that people are already
accusing you of overcharging and then
you're going to go overcharge the most
famous person that's been charged well
that would be the dumbest thing you
could ever do if people are already
accusing you of overcharging so I didn't
see any bias in that comment that
comment just seemed perfectly fitting
for that situation but then the other
thing was that she referred to him in a
private text message she referred to
Smet as a uh uh a washed up a washed up
uh celebrity
now if you're trying to help somebody I
don't know that you would just casually
toss out a pretty demeaning insult to
the person for no particular reason it
it would have been completely an an an
ACH character for what people imagined
she was trying to do which was to help
him so I would say that those text
messages actually are uh are good for
her I my my personal opinion is that
seeing those messages makes me think
that she was not putting the fix in for
him she was just trying to make sure the
department doesn't overcharge now the
actual
specific resolution I don't know that
she was directly involved in that that's
evidence evidence is missing all right
couple of things let's talk about
nuclear um I believe there are two
Democrats running for president who are
pronuclear but I need a fact check on
that one is one I know for sure is
Andrew Yang but his website
disappointingly does not talk about
Generation
4 and it should he's a smart guy and he
seems to be solution oriented as opposed
to you know dog dogmatic so it would be
a big plus for him to mention Generation
4 and I think uh um Corey Booker that's
the part you need to fact check me on is
Pro nuclear as part of the solution and
it's going to be really interesting
watching the
Democrats uh debate each other
especially if some of them uh especially
if some of
them uh are pronuclear so I'm waiting to
see how that sorts
out
um the other thing is
uh uh well I don't want to talk about
that
so anyway uh Afghanistan is having some
peace talks and there's some reason for
optimism and plenty of reason to not
have optimism but the reasons for
optimism that I I just heard on Fox news
with General Kean uh he was talking
about it's the first time that Pakistan
has been pushing the Taliban to make
peace and I thought to myself that's
probably the the whole story right there
isn't it
if Pakistan is pushing the Taliban hard
to make peace for the first
time um then I would say I would say
that's a big deal and apparently the
Taliban is promising to uh tree women
properly um but within a Islamic context
I don't know how properly that is but at
least they're talking about it right
they're they're talking about women
going to school Etc girls going to
school
all right
um and and here's but here's what I want
to add to the
conversation what does it do to the
Taliban to watch Isis lose all their
territory what what is the mental effect
of President Trump just eradicating
Isis I think the mental effect is that
it just doesn't feel like a winning path
to fight the United States for eternity
it just doesn't feel like that's the
fastest path to get to a better place so
I have this feeling that the fact that
the president simply exists and had
successes in other
places probably affects the
Taliban to the extent that they're
paying attention to the world and I
don't know how much they are um I'm see
we're seeing
reports reports that I would not
consider reliable
that North Korea has quote signs of
nuclear processing so that probably
satellite pictures or some other kind of
Intel is telling us that there's signs
that North
Korea's starting to get
Restless here is the first thing you
should say about
that anonymous
source who is it who says that tell tell
me exactly who's telling us that North
Korea has signs of processing
uh nuclear stuff who exactly so first of
all it's not believable even if it's
true it's not credible because you know
the reporting about this topic and
Anonymous
sources yeah I mean it's just not
believable
but let's say it's
true just hypothetically let's say it's
true the satellites have have actually
determined that there's something that
looks exactly like uh North
Korea uh that looks exactly like North
Korea processing nuclear stuff would
that be
surprising no I would expect that
wouldn't you wouldn't you expect that
North Korea in order to shake the Box a
little bit get things moving a little
that they might they might show a little
bit of a tell for continuing to
process so I would think that that would
be negotiating 101 why should they uh
why should they just discontinue their
threat when they're getting nothing in
return so probably it makes sense for
them to show a little threat now it
might also be possible that the the
people who have worked at these
facilities don't know what else to
do so if it was your job to work at one
of these nuclear
facilities what do you do do you go to
work and if you go to work do you work
do you drive around in your truck do you
make it look like you're doing something
do you do you get ready to prepare some
you know do you do you prepare to do
something that you're not actually going
to do do you do any any tests or trials
do you rebuild a building just in case
you need it later and so
uh so the question I asked myself
is does it matter does it matter at all
that it looks like there's some you know
activity that might be stuff we wish
they weren't doing probably not probably
probably is completely irrelevant
because the thing that Trump did is more
important than taking their nukes away
the thing he did was he took away the
reason to point him at us they just sort
of don't have a reason
now I did
worry I did worry that North Korea was
going to wait until after 2020 to get
serious and I still think they might I
feel as if the only security that Kim
Jong-un feels is his personal
relationship with Trump and he should be
quite worried that if Trump were to lose
reelection he'd be dealing with a new
leader who needed to show that he or she
was tough and would cause them to go
right back to square one of oh my God I
don't know are they going to attack me
or what so if you're Kim Jong-un your
best play is to pretend you're doing
some nuclear stuff without crossing the
line where we have to get tough again
just sort of a suggestion of it and to
wait two
years so you should be amazed and
surprised if Kim Jong-un makes any kind
of a deal before the 2020e ction he just
shouldn't it wouldn't be smart
unfortunately he should wait he should
stall as long as we're not threatening
to attack tomorrow and we're
not he should stall find out what the
next president is going to have in store
for him now once that election is over
then he's got to decide do I stall
another four years because again Trump
is unique you don't know if the
president after Trump is going to be a
badass who just you know wants you to
get rid of all your nukes and all of
your security Etc so I wouldn't Su I
would not expect North Korea to make a
formal deal in the next two years for
sure I would expect them to stall but
not test missiles and not do something
that would guarantee a a military you
know tip for
T all right um
the Muller report is
coming the one thing that everybody is
sure of about the Muller report what's
the one thing we're all sure
of the the one thing we can know for
sure with the details of the mullet
report is that it won't change anybody's
mind that the Democrats will find all
kinds of bad things there the
Republicans will
say yeah you know some are true some are
not true some are out of context but
it's there's nothing there so I'm pretty
sure you're not going to find you know
any collusion obstruction that is
legally actionable
but have you ever seen a clearer example
in which information doesn't change
opinions absolutely nobody is going to
well there might be a few but for the
most part people are not going to change
their opinions even as all the data
changes or or at least they have data
where they used to not have data
so what does it
mean to realize that information is not
driving anybody's opinions it just
isn't
um it should be this big Awakening which
I warned you about in 2015 I told you
that in the age of trump we would come
to learn that facts don't matter to our
decisions they do matter to the outcome
comes of course and if you had a choice
you you'd want to be closer to the facts
than not but for persuasion purposes and
the way we make decisions we just don't
use data and we just don't use logic
it's just not something we do and you'll
see that in the Muller report so
uh by now is it true that the president
knows what's in the Muller report would
it be true to say that the president has
already been briefed exactly what's um
exactly what's going on
there likely and apparently they're uh
they're putting together some kind of
response so there will be the Muller
report and then there will be the
Trump's lawyers
responses but that doesn't tell us much
because the lawyers would probably want
to respond about anything that seemed an
a context so they' probably want to
soften anything
that looked like it could be turned into
something that maybe wasn't anything so
the fact that they're preparing a
response probably doesn't tell you
necessarily that there's anything bad in
there um but I I think the smart money
says there'll be at least a few things
that are that are uh at least
embarrassing in some way all right
there's news that the uh the scientists
have 3D printed a human
heart that's right scientists have used
a 3D printer to make a working
biologically human
heart that's already happened now
apparently it was a small one it was a
little it was it was a little heart
about the size of a rabbit heart uh but
it was human biological tissue and human
design and they say there's no reason
they couldn't make a bigger one but they
didn't need to for the
test
so
um think
about think about uh climate
change think about the fact that we're
worrying about um what will happen to us
in a 100
years can we really predict what a 100
years looks like because in a 100 years
we're going to be able to 3D print
people will be able to manipulate DNA
let let's say that we think the world is
going to be much
hotter do you think we could just change
people's DNA so that they don't get
sunburns and they don't mind the
heat probably we'll probably be able to
change people's DNA and just you know
reprint them not reprint them but
probably be able to alter people so that
the the environment doesn't affect them
as
much it it does seem possible that you
could uh change somebody's genes to the
point where they were less susceptible
to
sunburns that seems like it'd be
easy
um all right I'm just looking at your
comments
here
uh yeah I don't I don't know that we'll
ever be able to 3D print
brains but if you go out a 100 years
well maybe we can three deeper in
brains because um who was who the
futurist it was uh kwell and and years
and years ago he made this prediction he
said that the um the technology for
scanners is getting better and better so
our ability to like do an MRI and to
scan people's body parts if it just
continues improving you'll be able to
scan a living brain at the level that
you could reproduce
it because you could scan it perfectly
you would know all the parts now if you
could scan a living brain and and you
could scan it at a detail where you can
see all of it I mean you could just see
everything in there the exact
architecture and you have a 3D printer
that could reprint that same
architecture in detail detail with human
tissue I don't know can you reproduce a
brain because it seems like it's almost
transporter technology isn't it you know
one of the things about Star Trek with
the Transporters is when the when the
first person you know disappears in the
transporter and then allegedly that same
person appears somewhere else is it
really the same person is it because it
seems to me that the first person just
disappeared the second person is sort of
a new person just happens to be
identical to the first one so will we
care if we ever got that technology
where you could you could scan me where
I am and then when the 3D printer let's
say it's faster just a faster 3D printer
could I have a 3D printer reprint me on
another
planet and then kill the kill the
Earth's copy you wouldn't have to kill
it you could keep it alive but couldn't
I be transported to another planet in a
distant Galaxy as long as I could send
bits I'd have to have a 3D printer there
but I could scan me on this planet send
the send the signal to the far Galaxy
and reprint myself living in another
planet all right you lose quality with
every copy that's probably
true that's all I got for today anybody
have any questions what time is it it's
time for
questions um I will look at your
comments for a moment
here that was the plot in the prestige
was it
h oh let's talk about Star
Trek
Discovery um if you're a fan of the Star
Treks as I am I've watched every Star
Trek series I've liked most of them
except deep space 9 which was a disaster
but um there's a new Star Trek on CBS
all access pass or something you have
you have to pay for it but I like it the
best the current Star Trek is really
really good the first season of
it um showed great potential but seemed
a little confused by the second season
it's really good and I'm seeing people
say no uh if you didn't like the first
season I would I could understand why it
seemed a little confused but I still
loved it but the second season is tight
it's the best it's the best of all the
Star Trek as far as I can tell best
actors and here's here's the reason why
I would say that
the top three or so actors on Star Trek
Discovery are three of the best just
actors that you've seen in the star Star
Trek
universe um
all
right anybody else have a
question okay I think uh I think we've
done everything we need to do for today
and I will talk to you all later