hey everybody come on in
come on and gather round grab a seat
it's time for coffee with Scott Adams
weekend edition which is exactly like
the weekday edition except better for
undisclosed reasons well today we've got
lots to talk about and I'm going to give
you an inspirational story toward the
end so make sure you stay for that but
before we begin is there something
you're waiting for something you expect
something you love yes it's the
simultaneous it but all you need is a
cup or mug or a glass a tankard
chelators tide a canteen jug or flask a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure the
dopamine the end of the day the thing
that makes everything better
the simultaneous sip go yeah I can feel
the Lyon energy just going through me
it's like it's like Tiger blood but
different alright let's jump into the
stuff all the stuff that's happening
I was listening yesterday to a new
podcast by Sam Harris
I mean a new episode now those of you
who have been following me for a while
know that I famously had I had an
appearance on Sam Harris's podcasts in
2016 I think it was in which I was
talking about why President Trump that
then candidate Trump was better than
people thought in other words I
described his persuasion ability and it
made the case room now that podcast got
a lot of attention and people talk about
it literally every day I still hear
about it every day
some
mentions that they heard me on that so
it made a fairly big impression so it
was interesting to hear Sam's sort of
update you know most current thinking
about the president and I thought I'd
update you one of the things and I and I
think this is interesting and it's one
of the things that makes Sam Harris
special and notable and worth listening
to which is that he acknowledges the TDs
is a real thing and and the acknowledges
that he might be suffering from it now I
gotta say that if if you have the
intellectual firepower to rise above
your own bias and then look back down on
it and say yep there I am down there
with my bias that is a higher level of
thinking than most people can accomplish
but it doesn't help you get past the
bias because the whole point of bias is
that you can't see past it if you could
easily see past it well it wouldn't be
bias so he acknowledges he has it but
then he makes his argument and
apparently his his feelings about the
president have crystallized around this
thought and he offers a provocative
challenge and this is where it gets fun
he his theory about Trump is that he's
essentially the Chauncey Gardiner
candidate now if you're not familiar
with the movie and book at the same game
called being there it was about somebody
who had no skills it was not not smart
but through an amazing series of lucky
coincidences becomes President of the
United States and the whole point of the
Chauncey Gardiner
mythical story is that these
coincidences were so unusual but they
were all strung together and they ended
up in this being the president so
Sam's belief is that it was just Locke
you know just a coincidence of the way
the variables lined up that we got a
president
who is a that's my word but in
effect that's what Sam Harris is saying
and here's the fun part do I have
something on my lip here I was just
eating a little chocolate bar I think so
I got it okay so Sam makes this
provocative challenge if you will he
said in effect that he would only need
to hear Trump talking like a regular
person with a full vocabulary like a
normal adult just once in order to
believe that the that the face we see in
his rallies and his tweets and
everything else is not his real one and
that he actually is a normal person who
simply chooses to communicate in a way
that's effective for the people now
that's an interesting challenge isn't it
yeah all it would take is five minutes
or even less I suppose I've seeing
president Trump talk like a normal
education person now here's the fun part
I've had a private conversation with
President Trump most of you know I got
to meet him in the Oval Office in the
summer of 2018 he invited me in because
I'm a supporter and which is common he
invites in other supporters just just to
make sure that he's you know supporting
his supporters essentially and I have I
have a window into this the Sam Harris
does not which is I had a private
personal conversation with President
Trump in the Oval Office that was there
was one other person there you don't
need to know the details but it was a
private conversation essentially and I'm
here to report that when you talked to
him privately
he is a normal educated adult
surprise surprise when you talk to him
personally he's just like every other
normal college-educated adult you've
ever talked to no difference and when he
goes on there's you know it goes on
stage for his rallies he takes on his
stand-up comedian provocative
personality he lowers his vocabulary and
and he becomes that person now there's a
legitimate question of you know at a
certain age are people slowing down or
whatever that's a good question
but I like Sam Harris's challenge only
because I have a little insight into it
in the sense that I've I've talked to
him and I know that he's just a regular
normal educated college-educated adult
who knows a lot of stuff you know no
difference at all all right
of course the news today is that VIN
Minh and Sundlun got fired this is sort
of a non-story
you know the anti-trump errs are trying
to make it into a story about he's
abusing his king-making
or his dictatorial powers to get rid of
his critics and then of course everybody
who sports the president's as some
version of this what's wrong with that
what exactly is wrong with getting rid
of somebody that you don't trust on your
staff I'm not getting the criticism here
like if there's something wrong with
that I haven't heard it so of course he
has the power to do it he has the right
to do it it's actually I would argue
it's his responsibility to do it because
we want a president whose team generally
he can trust
so that's a non-story you'd expected it
happened here's a little update in the
confirmation bias the world there's a
there was a surgeon and his girlfriend I
guess they were like he was like a TV TV
doctor for a while and they were accused
of being serial rapists of luring women
in the two of them and then drugging
them and having sex with them the the
charges were just dropped because they
couldn't find enough evidence that there
would be credible so think about that
they're accused of being serial rapists
it's not just something that he was
accused of doing one time but apparently
a whole host of similar rapes and when
they were done the prosecutor looked
around and said um turns out we don't
have enough evidence for this yeah they
were swingers somebody says and so I
think they admit that they you know had
relations with those women but it was
now it was a consensual now here's the
thing we don't know what happened to do
what didn't happen I'm gonna assume
innocence because that's the country we
live in if you're not guilty you're
assumed to be innocent
but this reminded me a lot of the the
the McMartin preschool case and it's
it's a if you don't already know the
McMartin preschool case it was the 70s
baby which a preschool was accused of
having an underground satanic worship
room that they were taking kids down
there and abusing them and teaching them
to worship Satan or whatever it was and
they got brought into court and there
was so much evidence I mean because it
was you know there was just tons of
evidence because they interviewed the
kids and the kids actually said it was
happening now it turns out that they
have led to witnesses and when and when
the replays of the interviews were were
shown people who had my skill set in
other words they were hypnotists or they
understand how that world works they saw
that the questions were leading the kids
into an imaginary world and the kids
were just speaking with their
imagination and the police took it as
fact
and tried to prosecute these people but
in the end there was not even any room
under there the preschool and it turned
out the whole thing fell apart
and there was no evidence at all so it
went from a mountain of evidence that
all said the same thing - oops
there wasn't any not any there was zero
evidence in the end you had ruined their
lives etc so I'm looking at this case of
the California surgeon his girlfriend
and who knows who did what right you and
I can't tell who's guilty who's innocent
from a distance but this looks a lot
like that you know if I had to if I had
to place a bet I would bet that there
was tons of evidence and then one day I
looked into it there wasn't any that's
my guess is how that happened so keep an
eye on that that's this one that tells
you something about the world you live
in all right let's talk about the the
democratic debate I tried to watch it I
can't falling asleep so I watch as much
as I could in between napping that I
caught up with other people's opinions
in the clips this morning here's my take
first of all it was the most generic
stuff I've ever seen in my life so
generic oh my god they were all talking
about high-level concepts nothing seemed
to be about me you know as a citizen I
kept waiting for the the the fact or the
detail or the proposal or the policy
that would have some direct effect on me
and they did talk about health care but
not in a way that I could connect it to
me except that it would make my taxes go
up so I watched all night
and I could only identify one thing that
would actually affect me personally my
taxes would go up I said
that's all it was and so I thought well
that's not good but let's talk about the
winners of losers so the first thing to
realize is that none of them were
interesting that's that none of them
were interesting and whoever it is is
going to run against the most
interesting person in the history of
civilization
Trump running for re-election so I don't
know how you run uninteresting people
against the most interesting person
we've ever known but that's their
challenge so let's let's talk about the
individuals there's some notable things
is that steyr he had this argument he
said that you have to be Trump on the
economy because all of the Democratic
candidates have essentially identical
policies they all want universal health
care of some kind different details they
all want the Oh more gun control more
and more lots of stuff that Democrats
want so steyr says we're basically all
alone all the same and so you should
pick somebody who can beat Trump on the
economy because it's the economy that
people care about that's the part that
touches people now do you think that
steyr can beat Trump on the economy I'm
thinking to myself that might be the
worst strategy I've ever heard in my
life because sure sure sure steyr can
make the argument that you know we make
the argument that it's not Trump's doing
the things are doing so well etc but
it's not the way voters think the voters
don't understand economics they just say
who's the president how's the economy
going that's it
who's the president Trump how is the
economy doing amazing amazing that's the
end of the argument there is no way this
tire is going to beat Trump on economics
it's just not gonna happen it's the
dumbest strategy I've ever seen but he
does point out that the all the
candidates are kind of similar on the
policies I think Biden is the only
candidate who has a solid chance of
bringing in the black vote but he's so
weak as a candidate it's hard to imagine
him getting there
we have to has a chance oh well let me
give you this take it's basically I'm
triangulating from the networks so I
looked at CNN Fox and MSNBC this morning
to find out who they thought won
alright and it's it's very interesting
to watch who the network's thinks who
they thought one because that sort of
tells you how that the coverage is going
to happen and how they're gonna persuade
the voters so over at CNN Chris Alyssa
wrote you know the the main article
about the debates was written by Chris
ilysm and here's his ranking he said
that Budaj
won he was a winner in clover char too
and then lower down were Sanders and
Bluebird so basically as winner was
Buddha checked Buddha judge and number
two Klobuchar so that's CNN over at Fox
they had a woman named Leslie Marshall
don't know much about her wrote an
opinion piece about the DEM the debates
and her two winners were Klobuchar and
Warren now here's what I would note is
it unfair to say that CNN is the most
Pro LGBTQ Network wouldn't you say
I mean MSNBC obviously is in the same
realm but I think you'd be fair to say
and this is not this is not in any way a
criticism it's just a statement of fact
all right would you agree the CNN is the
most Pro LGBTQ network at least in terms
of the people they put on the air the
way they cover story is it cetera and
again that's I'm not criticizing I'm
just stating a fact
and why would I criticize that anyway
it's just stating a fact
now CNN picks the only openly gay guy
who is running does that a coincidence
if you work for CNN and you know and and
sort of neck and neck between Klobuchar
and an openly gay man if I worked for
CNN I'm gonna say boo to judge wand
right because you sort of always have to
you're working for your boss and you're
working for your co-workers you working
for your company more than you're
working for the audience then over at
Fox a woman writes an opinion that two
women one so here again you know the the
skeptic in me says there isn't a
coincidence that a woman writes an
opinion about the debates and she says
that the two winners were the women
maybe I mean maybe they were maybe
that's unbiased but you have to you know
put a little asterisk next to that then
over at MSNBC Chris Matthews was calling
out Klobuchar for looking looking
presidential so if you look at the three
networks Klobuchar was either number one
or number two think about that Klobuchar
just went from what Beth and the voting
to all three networks called her as
number one or number two there's
something's happening here all right but
there's more when I watched the last
night before I'd seen any opinions I'm
watching in debates and my personal
opinion without any influence from any
other pundit was huh it looks to me like
Klobuchar just won hard I I thought she
won unambiguously that was my opinion
I thought she unambitious Lee won the
night but I wasn't sure you know if my
opinion was matching with a buddy this
morning I check Twitter I see Dave Rubin
famously open-minded you know person so
he's you know he understands the left
and the right he's he sort of straddles
worlds and he said Klobuchar one and
then I then I see a tweet from Greg
Gutfeld also one of the people who would
be willing to say something good about
the other side if they did something
good you know also one of the more
open-minded people in this realm
and he picked Club a charter that's a
lot of club a char for one night now let
me let me break down I'm gonna give you
my take from best to worst of which of
the Democratic candidates would stand
the best chance chance against Trump
okay so this is not who I like you know
it's not my preferences I'm just saying
who would be the strongest matchup at
the top of my list is yang Yang's at the
top of my list because what would be the
only bad thing you could say about what
the yank because think of them in terms
of their flaws because whatever flaws
they have either real or imagined
president Trump is going to find their
flaw and then he's going to magnify it
until you can't imagine voting for him
because that's what he does so you got
to find somebody whose flaw is the most
defensible what is Yang's flaw lack of
experience as a politician he's a
successful businessperson oh wait oh
wait
Yang's flaw is that he's never been in
government but he'd be running against
the guy who proved that's not important
that's a good matchup if yang ran
against somebody who had experience you
know been a senator and a governor and
like that that'd be a real problem
because I'm not sure yang has enough
firepower the way Trump did to break
through and become an inexperienced
president the way Trump did so I think
Yang actually has the strongest natural
situation and then he also has the the
best the best attack against Trump
because he doesn't go so much from the
racism and the easy the easy social
justice warrior things he talks about
those things in the right ways but
that's not his emphasis he's more about
solutions and the future and robots and
technology and use of science and stuff
and there's nobody who doesn't like that
stuff
literally everything yang says both
sides say it's pretty good and there's a
thousand dollar thing it would be easy
to test you know you could test this
small and find out if it works and if
you asked Andrew yang Andrew do you
think this is something we should
implement you know nationally this
thousand dollar a month idea or should
we test it and then decide well I don't
know what he'd say but everything that I
know about him suggests that you would
say well of course you test it first of
course you know he even tried to test
the first on his campaign giving away
money to some people not not a good test
but at least he was thinking in those
terms I I don't think there's a chance a
yang will have enough support from the
Democratic machine to get through and
get the nomination so he's not a risk of
getting nominated but he would be the
strongest candidate against Trump and
he's also the only candidate who could
pick up Republicans without them feeling
bad about it
right I think yang could pick up
Republicans who just say you know some
of those ideas I haven't heard before
they kind of they resonate and I like
his pro-science look he doesn't offend
me too much so I think he picked up some
of those all right number two on my list
of strongest candidates is Klobuchar
unlike yang she could actually get
nominated I don't think it's the most
likely outcome but it's it could happen
yang is harder to imagine getting
nominated but kilometer could especially
after last night when you've got all
three networks and a lot of independent
observers saying huh that was pretty
good pretty good now let me tell you
what's the best thing about Klobuchar
she doesn't have an obvious flaw the
kind that you already believe about her
and then Trump just you know magnifies
it almost everybody else has something
except yet they have something that he
could just pick on and blow it up and
that that would be the end of them
most of them are one nickname away from
oblivion if you think about it
so Club which are simply by not having
an obvious flaw meaning she's not too
socialist she was actually the only one
who raised her hand and said it'd be a
problem having a candidate who was
labeled as a Democratic Socialist
she's the only one so she's shooting
right for that middle and that does give
her some possibility of bringing in some
moderate Republicans and independents so
simply now here's her flaw if I could
say it's a flaw
she has no excitement whatsoever yeah
she has she has no charisma and no
excitement whatsoever but and that's a
big deal when you're in the in the
primaries because she's trying to break
through the crowded field but what would
happen if she got the nomination it
would be one on one
how much excitement would Democrats
bring to a candidate who actually had a
shot somebody who actually had a chance
and they don't totally hate her well I
think the progressives are absolutely
gonna say yeah she's not saying the
stuff we walked about healthcare and
stuff but we're certainly not going to
support Trump and we want him gone so
she would get all the progressives and
she would get all the people in the
middle and she'd pick up a few
independents and she wouldn't have to be
that exciting she would just have to
show up and just you know be
presidential which she has accomplished
she accomplished acting presidential I
believe she's she's worked her way into
the gravitas of that situation so
congratulations Amy Klobuchar I think
she took the tortoise and the hare
approach where she just hung in there
and didn't make mistakes she's yeah
she's dull but that's not gonna hurt her
when it's one-on-one being dull is a big
problem if you've got all these exciting
candidates and you're trying to stand
out but as that as the field is is
winnow down
and you see that the other candidates
don't have much to offer or they have
fatal flaws if Democrats water win she's
their best bet so that's my career
thinking I could change that tomorrow
after her I would say boo de jedge but
he's got a black voter problem that I
don't know he can overcome then there's
Bloomberg who has guess what a black
voter problem and I don't think he can
overcome anybody who has a black voter
problem I don't know how they could beat
Trump this Trump probably will get more
more black male votes at least than any
Republican ever got that's my guess
then you've got next down the list
Biden plus a good VP now if if you just
think you Biden he doesn't have any
chance against Trump really none but if
you paired him with a strong younger VP
person the color accomplice type
somebody interesting yeah you could give
it a shot because he could at least get
the black vote but he's so vulnerable to
just just being I don't pistol-whipped
by Trump every time Trump goes in public
that I don't think Biden could survive
that then down the list you've got a
ward and Bernie they both have the same
problem and Mike certain of it's called
the doubt succinctly on Twitter today he
said that when he talks to his
progressive friends he asked them how
you could have both open borders and
free health care well how do those two
work together you can have one or the
other but how just logically just
explained to me logically how both those
things could coexist I don't think
anybody can explain it so both of them
are dead the minute Trump says these
candidates want to take your money and
give it to people in other countries for
their health care but not for yours you
know because it won't be much left or
some person in that you won't you always
say that there's none for you just
because the others want universal health
care but all he has to do is say we're
gonna pay for health care for illegal
immigrants and that's sort of the end of
the election
and then there's steyr who's dead last
he has no real chance alright so that's
how I break them
yang although he cannot get the
nomination he'd be the strongest
klobuchar solid chance and then it
starts going in too hard to imagine them
winning buddha james bloomberg good
center all right update on the
coronavirus the numbers keep going up
into scary numbers 86 people who died in
a single day in China
then one day 86 people died the death
toll stands at 724 there's a
whistleblowing nurse who says that even
a while ago that there were 90,000 cases
but there were 34 thousand that are
reported in 27 countries etc and we have
this news that there's a first u.s.
national fatality but it didn't happen
in this country it was a six year old
woman who was in Wuhan and she died from
complications from the virus I hate to
be the only person in the world saying
this but I keep waiting to find out if
there's anybody dying who is not ethnic
Chinese you know I am asking right
because it's it's so conspicuously
absent from the story now if I'd read so
this is an American who died but this
American was a woman living in China
what are the odds that she was not at
least by background Chinese but an
American so she had probably Chinese
ethnicity because she was living in
China that's just a guess I'm
speculating so yeah the first USA death
was reported but it wasn't in the USA it
was just a US citizen living in China
who might actually be ethnically Chinese
so I'm just waiting for the first report
of somebody who's not Chinese now
there's a report that a Japanese citizen
died but there's some ambiguity because
they couldn't confirm that that was the
cause of death and it's not quite clear
so that was a little gray area waiting
for that and so we wait and I ask you
this the the United States keeps saying
that we're safe right there are our
government keeps telling us on it's
under control we're doing pretty good
and we were actually kind of slow
closing the airports and stuff well what
is it about this virus that would make
us think it's a gigantic problem in
China yet would not obviously become a
gigantic problem here is it because
we're so good at you know taking care of
stuff or is it because our government
knows it doesn't treat everybody the
same
maybe maybe your DNA might be one of the
you know one of the markers for whether
it's going to kill you or not so that's
these are just questions it's all
speculation I don't want to start any
conspiracy theories but it's so
obviously missing from the story of
whether it's affecting everybody the
same I got asked about it all right
there's a horrible story in the news
about Jordan Peterson now apparently
he's gone through some tough times with
his the story if you don't know it
Jordan Peterson apparently was
prescribed some benzos because his wife
was diagnosed with cancer and he was
having a problem with that and then he
got a physically addicted but he had
here's your's they just incredibly bad
part about this apparently the benzos
had what's called a paradoxical effect
meaning instead of helping him they made
things much worse
apparently that can happen it doesn't
happen often but it's covered enough
that it's a thing it has a name and
everything so the worst case scenario he
got addicted to the drugs that were also
making him much worse
oh my god like that doesn't get any
worse right
so I guess Western or Canadian and
American hospitals couldn't help him he
tried to get off he tried to you know
wind down and get often all the ways he
do it didn't work he ended up in Russia
because Russia had some kind of
treatment not available here that
apparently has worked so he seems to
have gotten off the benzos and seems to
have been the worst of those effects but
there's some lingering some kind of
lingering damage we don't know what it
is but here's here's the part that is
just mind-blowing
there's some gentleman named Amir at
around who tweeted this hashtag karma
Jordan Peterson Oracle to gullible young
men preacher of macho toughness and
hectoring bully to snowflakes
is addicted to strong drugs and his
brain will riddled with neurological
damage I don't know that that's true
that's just something he's saying in the
tweet and then he says he deserves as
much simple simple as he showed others
what that's like the worst thing I've
ever heard anybody say that is really
that is dark I mean I'm not above
enjoying a little revenge when it's when
it's appropriate I'm not above a little
shot in Freud if something bad happens
to somebody that I think deserved it but
what the hell did Jordan Peterson do
other than try to help people
why was he addicted in the first place
it was because of his empathy for his
wife all right and when he could when he
says young men he goes Oracle to
gullible young men let me ask you this
what young man is not gullible it's sort
of built-in to be you know everybody
everybody young is gullible so first of
all that's that's not fair everybody
young is gullible compared to older
people there's no exception to that and
because of a preacher of much
toughness no no I I wouldn't call it
macho toughness at all that's not how I
would label it and a hectoring bully to
snowflakes
so is that a crime he's telling people
to take more responsibility for life and
toughen up and you know do things
according to you know ways that we know
work and are biologically compatible
none of that seems like anything there
should be a cause for hatred I mean this
is amazing so I think he's a professor
up in Canada somewhere all right so
that's the most hateful thing I've ever
seen
probably the worst thing I've ever seen
on the Internet
here's my prediction about Jordan
Peterson he's going to come back
stronger because going through this
situation first of all he's learning a
lot that probably didn't want to learn
but he's going to come back stronger so
watch for that all right I promise you
I'm telling you a inspirational story
are you ready a little Saturday
inspirational story there's a quote of
mine from one of my books or someplace I
don't know where it came from but
there's a quote of mine this becomes
semi-famous and it's something I said
decades ago but it still gets passed
around the internet every now and then
and the quote was that there's no such
thing as a small act of kindness because
every action has a ripple effect to
infinity in order to tell you a story
about a small act of kindness they had a
ripple effect there's fun to watch
alright the first part some of you have
heard in 1988 before I was a cartoonist
but I knew I wanted to be one I sent a
letter to a cartoonist would who had a
special on TV about how to be a
cartoonist
his name is Jack Cassidy and I asked him
for advice I had not drawn in any comics
professionally I was just wanted to know
how to get into business
and his first act of kindness he had
nothing there was nothing in it for him
there was nothing to be gained by him
answering my letter but he did he wrote
a two-page handwritten letter he told me
what materials to buy told me what book
to look at to know where to send my
examples etc so I got the book followed
the directions did what he said send out
some comics to the big magazines that
publish comics cartoons and that I got
rejected by everybody and I put my
materials away and I thought well at
least I tried and I just forgot about it
a year later I got a letter from Jack
Casady a year later I hadn't even
thanked him for his first letter so we'd
had no communication at that time I got
to my mailbox and weirdly there's a
letter from Jack Casady again the
follow-up letter and he said that he was
looking he was cleaning his office and
he found my original letter to him from
a year ago and he said that he was just
writing to make sure that I hadn't given
up that's it there was nothing else in
the letter he only wrote to make sure
that I hadn't given up now in his first
letter he told me it was going to I
would get a lot of cancellations or a
lot of rejections and he told me don't
give up so his first letter said don't
give up and then I gave up his second
letter said I just just just making sure
you didn't give up so I got my materials
out of the closet and put together some
sample cartoons that were roughly based
on my experience in the workplace and
that cartoon was called Dilbert and I
submitted it and the rest you know so
that small act of kindness in 1988
created a billion dollars of you know
total activity and that's that's not the
part I earned or anything close to that
but you know if you look at all the
publishing all the effects that
Dilbert's had you know the secondary
effects and third effects etcetera one
letter
that took him probably 15 minutes put a
stamp on it
tiny tiny act of kindness causes a
billion dollars changed my life now most
of you have seen that certainly at this
part of my life and by the way I am
currently at I think approximately the
age that Jack Casady was when he gave me
his advice Jack Casady by the way is a
veteran I think it was I'm not sure to
which war he was in but he's a veteran
so he has he has a you know a history of
service now the thing that I don't tell
people is that while he made my career
his small act of kindness no it's not
Jack Cassidy the actor it is Jack
Cassidy a cartoonist somebody you
probably have never seen his work he
wasn't famous as a cartoonist so here's
the thing even though he changed my life
and he's in some ways responsible for
everything good that ever happened to me
after that point he also pursed me they
came with a curse and the curse goes
like this I have to help other people I
have to I could try not to but it
doesn't work because of the curse so
throughout my life I've tried to help
other people when when the situation
made sense obviously I can't help
everybody I can't even help everybody
you ask for it but I can pick my shots
so so I wrote my book had to fail at
almost everything and still win big and
that was primarily to be helpful and I
hear every day about people who have
changed their lives and lost weight and
people have gotten off on drugs because
of that book I'm just amazing things
this all came from this one letter in
1988 but it's better
after Dilbert became successful and then
this is going back to I think the
mid-90s or so the syndication company
that handled Dilbert was introducing new
comics regularly and of course most new
comics don't do well and they just sort
of you know they make a small splash and
then they die so probably 99 to 20 new
comics don't go anywhere and there was
this new comic called pearls before
swine and the syndication company looked
at it and they decided well you know
it's not good enough to put it in
newspapers but we have this new website
that has you know good comics but also
lesser comics yeah we just have lots of
comics there so they said well we'll put
it on the website they put it on the
website that didn't make much of a
difference you know not many people
noticed it but I saw it so and I saw it
and I thought there's something about
this comic that's not like the other
ones there just isn't there this one's
special
and even though it wasn't it wasn't
fully formed there was something special
about it I can see it in the writing
there was there was some intelligence
that came through the writing that you
don't often see so at the time I had
this newsletter that I was something out
they had just tons and tons of people
read it and I so I called out that comic
and I said you know this is great and
gave a link to it so people who go to
see it it almost immediately and
entirely just because I recommended it
to my readers it became the second I
think the second most trafficked comic
on the website now because it became the
second most trafficked of all their
comics they had to rethink it the
syndication company and they looked at
in the Santa with all this attention
maybe we missed something
so let's give it a give it a run and see
if it works in newspapers and it did
it's one of the top cartoons in the
country right now
so Stephan Pastis was the the author of
the comic and the other part of the
story is that he has an amazing talent
stack which he continues to
he was an attorney before he became a
cartoonist so he had that talent and he
he met with me thanked me and picked my
brain about technique and how to be a
cartoonist and he's the only person I
know who's asked me for cartooning
advice and then took it you can't
imagine how many people have asked me
for advice and and lots of times I give
it I would say the total number of
cartoonists I've given direct cartooning
advice do it's in the hundreds hundreds
I know several hundred over over my
career but as far as I know and I you
know haven't surveyed each one of them
as far as I know he's the only one he
took my advice he incorporated it and
his comic became one of the hottest
sellers but that's not the best part so
I opened up my computer today just
check-in the news and I see I see a
hashtag trending and the hashtag maybe
you saw today but the trending hashtag
is for a new Disney movie called Timmy
failure have you seen that yet so it's
about a young boy who's like either
pretends or he's a detective I guess and
he's got a gigantic polar bear who is
his companion now here's the thing Timmy
failure is it's a Disney movie and it's
going to scream on their new streaming
service so you know how great is it to
have a Disney movie this Disney movie is
based on a series of very successful
kids books called Timmy failure written
by Stefan pastas Stefan pastas has left
cartooning and now he's a movie he's
successful in movies all of this
happened because Jack Casady did one
small act of kindness in 1988 that
caused me to succeed it caused me to
write how to fail with almost everything
it caused me to help Stefan
bosses because the curse he cursed me I
had to album as Stefan bosses helped
other cartoonists yes because he has the
curse he doesn't have a choice he
doesn't have a choice I cursed him the
way Jack Casady cursed me so Timmy
failures great movie and you should all
watch it and that's all I have for today
I'm gonna leave it on that note one
small act of kindness it's a big deal