hey everybody happy
Easter I hope you've got your cup of
your mug your tankered your Stein your
thermos your flask I hope it's full of
your favorite liquid I hope it's
coffee I got I have my coffee and now
it's time for the simultaneous zip
please join me
oh somebody wants to change my mind 90
seconds
e well maybe we'll do that later I got
plenty to talk about today there's news
all over the place number
one uh there's I think there were eight
churches attacked in Sri Lanka for
Easter eight bombs went off presumably
Islamic
terrorists and and I asked myself what
is going to stop more and more churches
from being
attacked and at the same time we're
seeing a story about uh apparently the
government of the United
States is considering labeling fentanyl
a weapon of mass
destruction now not because it kills a
lot of people who try to take it
recreationally that's bad enough but the
government is actually concerned
that it could be used as simply a weapon
you take a bunch of it and you do some
bad things now some of you know that my
book called the religion
War which I wrote back in
2003 what year did this come out let me
check
um why don't I see the year of my own
book oh well I think it was around
2003 and I
predicted that the future of uh the
future of the world which would be
somewhere around now according to my
prediction because it was a near future
not a distant future prediction uh and
and by the way this book is uh
fiction but it holds predictions in
terms of the story and the story was
that the the bad
people uh the Islamic terrorists would
start using hobby sized
drones to attack anything they wanted
and that ultimately those drones would
carry chemical weapons because they're
light the obvious chemical weapon that
they would carry is fentanyl I would say
the odds of a weaponized drone carrying
fentanyl is close to
100% eventually close to
100% so this predicts that the uh the
likely inclusion of such attacks since
they couldn't be stopped very easily
would be an allout war of extermination
in other words only one religion would
win uh and they would be heading toward
extermination unless the hero of the
book can change something so I'll leave
that a
mystery but I'm wondering if we might
actually get to the point where it might
be illegal
to um to use the internet
if you have a religion a certain
religion could it be we'll reach the
point where you're just not allowed to
use the internet because it would be too
dangerous to give you access to the
internet if you're a certain religion um
that would sound like a horrible
horrible
outcome but all of our future outcomes
look horrible because if uh if if we
have a full out religion War we could
lose a billion people
that wouldn't be out of the out of the
realm of possible a billion people so
let's hope that doesn't happen um and
let's hope we get a handle on fenel now
if fenel was labeled by our government a
weapon of mass
destruction how would we act differently
toward the
cartels because it's not as obvious as
it would seem you think to yourself well
if the cartels have these weapons of
mass destruction then wouldn't our
military be able to go in and just kill
them
all and the answer to that is not so
clear because militarily and
defense-wise yes we totally would have
the right to do it and the ability to do
it but the cartels might be the only
thing keeping terrorists from using
fenol think about it who would be who
would be worse off if Sentinel was ever
used as an actual weapon of mass
destruction if somebody tried to use it
to kill a bunch of people all at once
who would be who would be the big losers
in that besides the
victims the cartels the last thing the
cartels want is to lose their their
income model which is that if they keep
the fenel deaths under a certain level
and it's ones and two Z's everywhere
that the the military of the United
States will not move against them
because it looks like a drug problem the
moment fenel transitions from a drug
problem to a military problem the
cartels are going to be destroyed
because we would move our military end
we would we would occupy I think we
would actually occupy Mexico if there
was no other if there were no other
option and fenel started to be used as a
weapon of mass destruction so the
cartels
probably have a pretty strong interest
in making sure that no fenel crosses the
US border unless it's going to be used
to just kill one person at a time with
overdoses I mean they would prefer that
that person stay alive because then
they're repeat customers so in the the
weirdest most corrupt and sick way the
cartels are probably our best
protection against massive fenel de
so long as we're willing to accept say
50,000 individual overdose deaths a year
if we're willing to allow that every
year the cartels get to stay in business
we don't attack because we call it a
drug problem and everything's fine but
one fentanyl attack that got identified
as going through a cartel doesn't matter
how big the attack is could be a small
attack that didn't kill as many people
as they hoped but just one terrorist
getting through with fentel over the
southern border that came from uh
Mexican labs and the
cartels I think we would move against
them militarily I think we would occupy
that's what I
think so we'll see if that happens
um here's the question of the
day have you noticed that every time
there's some uh Russian in the
news somebody involved with the Muller
report let's say every time you hear
about a Russian whether it's the Russian
lawyer or Russian whoever who talked to
whoever don't we always say that that
Russian is connected to the Kremlin it's
just automatic right oh this Russian is
totally connected to the Kremlin
therefore Putin is directly or
indirectly behind
everything but there's one
exception there is one Russian
Russians they're they're part of the
same story that have never been alleged
to be connected to the Kremlin until I
just saw an article that's starting to
suggest it in the New York Times Chuck
Ross article I just tweeted and the idea
is wouldn't we assume that the Russians
behind the the steel dossier whoever fed
that
misinformation wouldn't you assume
assume that they
were associated with the
Kremlin cuz that's the most likely
people associated with the Kremlin but
here's the problem if the Kremlin was
Pro was providing the steel dossier
information that was 100%
anti-trump And what are the chances let
me ask you this what are the chances
that a a Russian national if there were
any Russian citizens involved I don't
know that we know that yet there was a
Russian speaking a native Russian
speaking person who is apparently a
source for steel but we don't know who
that person's sources were in
addition
um
so what
if what if this was like every other
Russian connection it was connected to
the
Kremlin wouldn't that destroy the entire
narrative that the Kremlin was trying to
help
Trump because the story that I'm seeing
is just not fitting with the Russians
are all trying to help Trump now
somebody saying it could be Ukraine and
maybe we'll find that out but wouldn't
we shouldn't we at least be speculating
every 5 Seconds the way we speculate on
everything else shouldn't we be
speculating the most obvious thing that
the steel dossier was Kremlin connected
and if that could be demonstrated to be
true and maybe we'll someday know that
wouldn't it prove that Russia's motive
was not to get Trump
elected you can't have both of those
things being true the current narrative
is that oh yeah Russia was definitely
trying to help president Trump that was
their motive but the moment you tie the
steel dossier to the Kremlin that motive
disappears and nobody I feel like it's
this big black hole where it's the most
obvious thing we should be talking about
because the answer to that question
could be the answer to everything you
know that everything would would make a
different would make sense a different
way if we knew the answer to that
question was the steel dossier connected
to anybody connected to the
Kremlin if
so if so then that means that Russia was
just mess with us and wasn't didn't
really care who won because at that
point Trump only had what a 5% chance of
winning according to
everybody so why would they try so hard
to take out with somebody who had only a
5% chance of
winning well would be because they're
not trying to change the result so much
as they're trying to cause
trouble
now um the other thing that I don't see
the news discuss even though it's been
reported so we know it's a fact is that
that little troll Russian troll Farm did
uh anti- anti-clinton
memes but also anti-trump memes they did
both how come that's not you know why is
that not reported every time that troll
agency is mentioned why do we say the
troll agency was to help was to help
Trump how can you explain that some
members of that same organization were
making anti-trump memes were they trying
to help Trump by making anti-trump memes
did they think that someday they would
be caught and that you know 10% of them
being anti-trump would help them say no
no we're being
fair somebody saying Chuck Ross has
literally said all of this that may be
true given the article that I just saw
but why isn't that the headline why is
that not the the main thing people are
talking
about um the other thing that's
amazing is I'm trying to figure out how
much is confirmation bias on my part and
how much is just a mystery and I'm going
to ask you the question that probably
all of you are
wondering why are Clapper and Brennan
not in
jail I actually don't know the answer to
that question does anybody here know
that
because it's one thing to have some
random pundit go on television and say
well I suspect or I speculate this
happened or what if this happened that's
what pundits do but when two you know
very recent heads of our intelligence
agencies who were literally in charge
when all this Russian stuff
happened when they when they run an
obvious coup against the United States
and I think at this point how could you
not call that a coup because the two
people who knew the most should have
been Clapper and Brennan they should
have known the most about how this
Muller investigation was going to end up
they should have known that it would end
up the way it did which was there was no
direct connection if those two people
didn't already know that it's a big
problem if those two do not say every
time they mention the steel dossier or
that the Muller report was in any way
influenced by the dossier if they don't
say in the same breath but you can't
trust that cuz that might have been a
Kremlin
operation if they're not saying
that it feels like there's some jailable
offense here now I'm no I'm no expert in
the law but I assume you know Bob bar is
looking into this and if he's not if
he's not we should get rid of
get rid of him I mean if bobar is not
looking into this he should be fired and
I'll even go further if president
Trump allows this not to be followed up
on then he should be voted out of office
I can't support president Trump if he's
not trying to put cou attempt people
under the greatest scrutiny they could
be nothing illegal I'm not asking for
anything illegal to happen I want the
legal system to handle it but they
should be pretty aggressively going
after the people who are obviously the
just it's it's just obvious that they
were Central to it
however I will say that I'm not entirely
convinced that all of the the people who
you could imagine were part of this
massive coup attempt I'm not convinced
that they were all talking to each
other because they wouldn't necessarily
have to there might be clusters that
talk to each other so you could imagine
that you know some of the FBI people
talk to each other you could imagine
that Clapper Clapper and Brennan might
have talked to each other you can
imagine the clusters of people talk to
each
other but it's a little hard for me to
imagine that they've actually
communicated across all those domains to
have this one massive anti-trump coup
attempt I think everybody just knew what
they needed to do everybody did what
they could do every body watched the
news and they said okay they're handling
it this way in the news so I'll I'll do
my thing it feels like everybody just
sort of knew what to do uh similar to
any resistance movement it doesn't
necessarily have to be coordinated from
the top it could be little cells sort of
like terrorist cells so I would say that
the coup is more like a series of
terrorist cells operating independently
that's my
guess um
why is there no
reporting on how bad the Russians are at
interfering with us
elections I've said this about
terrorists too if you made me a
terrorist for a week I could do more
damage to whatever country I was trying
to damage than any terrorist has ever
done I could do that in a week I'm sure
of it I'm not even guessing I'm sure I
could personally do more terrorist
damage in one week than any terrorist
has ever done to any country I'm
positive I could I'm not going to give
you suggestions but it wouldn't be that
hard
so I'm wondering why the terrorists
don't do a better
job it it makes me think that the
terrorists at least at the central
planning level don't want to do too much
of a good job because it would activate
our military to do a lot more than we do
so it feels like the terrorists are just
trying
to you know improve their brand if you
will and and help things domestically I
don't think they really plan on taking
out the United States because long
before that became a possibility the
United States would mobilize and they
would do such horrible things to whoever
was behind it and anybody who might be
behind it that I can't see it would be a
good strategy so
likewise when I look at the
Russian uh interference in the election
I too accept that the Russians attempted
to interfere but why did they do such a
bad job of it how did can you tell me
that they were Russian hackers who were
experienced enough to do all this
hacking and yet they couldn't do a
better job than everything collectively
we've seen that they did cuz those memes
look like a high school project they
were not scientific they were not well
made they didn't look especially
American I mean it was the the worst job
of interfering you've ever seen now
let's go to the what the question that's
been bugging me for a while and here's a
question I don't know if anybody's
talked about it in the way I'm going to
talk about it we've seen a lot of
attention to the fact that President
Trump uh publicly I think it was during
I can't remember if it was during the
debate when he looked at the camera and
he said Russia if you have those missing
emails you know would' like to see them
in
essence now the surface level of
coverage of that is hey the president
asked Russia to get those emails and
within days the Russian hackers actually
hacked into the DNC was it and got a
bunch of
emails now here's what I ask you if a
candidate from the United States says in
public
public tongue and cheek but serious as
well because he I'm sure he'd like to
see the emails if he says in public hey
Russia if you got those emails I'd like
to see them now let's say Russia hears
that because of course they do what is
Russia's best
play what is their best play is their
best play to say oh excellent it looks
like Trump's on our side let's do
something for him and then we got a we
got a partner we're GNA collude with
this guy did Russia say that because
that's the way it's reported right it's
reported as though Russia said yes Trump
can be our friend we'll do something for
him because he asked for it and then
we're working together and then you know
Russia has a little control over him yay
do you think Russia thought about it
that
way if you put me in Russia and this
situation comes up let's say I'm Putin
and I hear the news that the president
looked at the camera and said hey Russia
you got those emails love to see them
here's what I would do and I'm not Putin
but I'm apparently smarter than every
pundit who's talked about it if I'm
Putin I say you know what would really
mess with them is to get those
emails there's nothing we could do worse
to Donald
Trump and simultaneously maybe to
Clinton but there's nothing we could do
that would mess up their system more
than actually doing what he just asked
us to do in public there's nothing we
could
do that would be better to mess them up
than doing what he asked does that sound
like they were on his side because it's
it's being reported
uncritically that he asked for these
things and Russia did it and therefore
they must be on his
side if I were the if I were the Russian
who had heard that request I'd say oh we
can totally mess with them let's
actually give him what he's asking for
if we can if we can make this happen
this is going to be freaking awesome
that it's going to rip their country
apart because they're actually going to
think that he's working with us this is
amazing let's just do this thing and
screw Trump big and screw the
country in what world
did Trump did Putin say yeah he asked
for it in public let's give it to him
they're going to figure out it was us
that should work
out that should work out
fine I can't even
imagine Putin going through that that
process but it's easy to imagine him
saying yeah let's just mess with him if
you can get those emails this would be
great just get those emails that is
going to make them crazy that makes far
more sense
as a hypothesis than that they were
publicly getting these emails to to help
Trump at the same time they were doing
the steel dossier maybe maybe might have
been behind that don't know why isn't
anybody talking about it except one
article in the New York Times all
right I wonder how much uh mileage Trump
could get by accusing Joe Biden of
colluding with Russia
think about
it could Trump accuse Joe Biden because
he was part of the
administration of colluding with Russia
I feel like he
could and you know it wouldn't be like a
strong connection or anything but the
Trump
Administration included Clapper and
Brennan it included Obama it included
everybody who who who was putting
together this this conspiracy Joe Biden
was on the team who planned a coup
against the United
States it feels like uh he says Scott
you're confusing two sets of email yes
let me clarify the Hacked emails were
the Democratic uh were the the the
DNC I believe that um Trump asked for
Hillary's email which which we've never
seen But as it's reported they're
they're treating him like they're one
and the same the way it's reported but
you're right there's a clear distinction
those were different email situations
and if I got any any of that wrong let
me know all right
um let me
see do you do you remember when all the
Democrats were waiting for the Muller
report before they
decided uh before they decided
if
um if they wanted to remove the
president through
impeachment they all said well well
let's wait till that we get that uh
report and then we'll decide and then
the report comes out and the report says
that Russia kept offering to collude and
the administration turned them down
every
time that's
it and from so they get they get
information from the report that's all
the wrong way and so then they say okay
all the new information we got pushes it
in the other direction away from
impeachment so we'll
impeach it it kind of tells you
everything you need to know about the
value of actual
facts completely
useless nobody cares about the
facts uh Trump asked Russia to give
emails to the Press it's the same thing
it doesn't matter who they gave it to it
would end up in the
press all right
um have you noticed that CNN has gone
anti-nuclear
power so CNN is running
coincidentally a special about
Chernobyl do you know why CNN is running
a special now about
Chernobyl Chernobyl is it because
Chernobyl is in the
news no is it because Chernobyl there
was something new that happened in
Chernobyl no oh I'm sorry it's HBO HBO
is running the special but I thought I
saw that wasn't CNN also running
something about
that um oh it's an Ann it's an
anniversary well so somebody's saying
CNN and HBO so I'll need some
clarification
all right but CNN did
run um a a survey thing like a little
quiz on their page and the quiz allowed
you to pick what you thought would be
the most um powerful thing we could do
about climate change and then they give
you the answer and the answer they give
you is that nuclear power would be just
a fraction of as useful as wind power
for dealing with climate change that's
right they they give you a quiz and then
they tell you the right answer is that
wind power is many times better in terms
of a solution for climate change than
nuclear
power that is about as misleading as you
could possibly be now it is true you
could make an argument which is that
nuclear has some issues and you know
nuclear plants in the past have been
hard to approve Etc and they they've had
certain risks so all of that is true if
you were to take a straight line and say
okay how much how much uh could you get
from wind power you know what how
quickly could you ramp up wind power and
turns out you could ramp up wind power
very quickly so they say and I believe
that's true seems like wind power could
be ramped up fairly
quickly but you still got to store it
and I don't
think I don't think we have a solution
for what happens when the wind doesn't
blow so in other words you have two
solutions that both require a major
technological set of improvements in
order to work there is no such thing as
a wind power solution unless you also
have massive battery storage which has
not been solved by technologists we
don't know how to make batteries
economically and at the at the scale
that you need we don't know how to do
that likewise Generation 4 Tech uh
nuclear does need to iterate a bit to
figure out which Solutions work which
are the safest of the several Solutions
but it all seems within an engineering
domain meaning that if you test and you
iterate you definitely are going to get
a better end result it's something that
is very much an iterative process you do
more iterating you get better results
same is probably true for wind and
batteries but who is able to predict
which of those things we haven't yet
solved will get solved first who is it
who is smart enough to see the future
and say oh yeah we'll definitely solve
the batteries problem before we'll solve
you know a good design for Generation 4
that can also get get approved
easily that's a hard
prediction uh Bill Gates says nuclear is
the way to go a lot of smart people who
have looked into it say nuclear's the
way to go I say if you're not doing both
of them you're
stupid let me say it again if you're not
doing both of them you're stupid because
we don't know which one will will be
solved better if if you ask me um do I
know for sure the generation 4 nuclear
will will always be the smart way to go
compared to wind and figuring out how to
get batteries that work I don't know
that but I'm positive you don't know it
either I'm positive our government
doesn't know it and I'm positive the
scientists don't know it no matter how
confident they feel because they can't
really know the future but I will say
that if you're not doing both of them
and solar too if you're not doing all of
it and doing it hard you're not really
trying so don't pretend you care about
climate change unless you're doing all
the things that we think are potential
and you're doing them hard so anyway my
point is it seems that CNN and maybe the
the left leaning press may start to say
some negative things about nuclear now
because they know they need to if um I
I've said this enough in public that I'm
sure somebody's noticed the moment that
uh the Trump Administration says
publicly they they've done a lot of
things behind the scenes the energy
department is promoting Generation 4 Etc
so the government is actually doing
Generation 4 promotion you know at the
at the industry level you just don't
hear about it
publicly but if if Trump for example
came out and said well climate change
may or may not be the problem you say
but it doesn't matter it still makes
sense to go hard at all these
Technologies for energy we should push
art in all three solar uh wind and
nuclear um if he did that he would take
the argument
away from a political perspective if the
president said let's go hard on all
three of these why would we possibly not
go hard at all of them uh if he said
that it would completely ruin the the
argument against him for climate change
and he wouldn't even have to accept that
climate change is real that's the beauty
of it he wouldn't even have to say that
he knows is real or isn't he could just
say this makes sense no matter what no
matter what you should go hard at all
three of these
and I worry that the left leaning press
is going to start demonizing
nuclear just to take that away so that
people would be afraid of nuclear and
they won't be able to hear know you're
thinking of your your grandfather's
nuclear power that stuff has some risks
the newer stuff is closer to
zero it's going to be a hard sell once
once the Press gets people worked up
about nuclear all
right
um that's all I got for
today um there was somebody here who
wanted to convince me of something in 90
seconds and I have to say it was a good
pitch because now you're causing me to
put on my headphones and I don't
remember who it was but I'm going to
change headphones hold
on all right so whoever it
was whoever it was who said you wanted
to change my mind in 90 seconds
of all that's a pretty good
pitch there there isn't much you could
have said that would cause me to change
my plans and you know and and take a
call uh but when you say I'm going to
I'm going to change your mind in 90
seconds and you're talking to somebody
who's uh talks about persuasion I don't
I don't even care what the topic is I
just heard that and I thought I wonder
if they could change my mind in 90
seconds and I I don't even know what the
topic is
but uh I don't remember who was
promising was it
Dan let's see
um I want to find out who I forget I
should have watched the uh the name of
whoever said they were going to change
my mind Dan was that you who wanted to
change my
mind okay you very much what's the topic
and what are you changing my mind from
and to well essentially it's to do with
the death penalty I just need about 90
seconds to to talk to you about a few
things wait a minute wait a minute what
what side do you think I'm on in the
death penalty well I was going to get to
that I I um how could you change my mind
if you don't know what I my current
position is well that I was going to ask
you uh just uh just something that you
said a few weeks back um about uh uh
fentol and you called for the death of
the people who produced the Fentanyl and
it sort of took me by surprise so I
looked up I Googled um I Googled what
was Scott Adams position on the death
penalty and uh if unless it's changed
since then that's fine it'll render this
conation mov so let me let me clarify
I'll tell you I'll tell you my position
fine I'd like to see the uh people in
other countries who were the big fenel
dealers I would like to see them killed
ideally China killing its own citizens
and ideally ideally Mexico killing its
own citizens but in terms of big dealers
in the United States I would be in favor
of the death penalty for the the big
dealers like the really high quantity
ones not not the not the buddy who you
know gave a friend some Fenty so uh
that's my position go ahead change my
mind 90 seconds okay well it it just
involves really uh just um describing a
few scenarios that you would consider
and just a a question or two after that
and then that should be it okay so all
right uh
all right to in order to establish a
baseline I just let's make sure we're
agreeing uh on the on on what we're
talking about let's just say that you're
walking down the street on a bright
sunny day and you were to see me uh
approach a woman and her child and
brutally murder that those people uh if
I'm arrested and tried and convicted in
a state that implements implements the
death penalty would you agree that I
should be put to death under the current
laws as a death penalty case uh if the
law says put to death then that's the
law right okay well that that's in
keeping with your statement and I
understand that uh now I would ask you
to repeat the same exact scenario but in
this instance instead of seeing me
walking down the street committing the
crime uh you see a beloved family member
perhaps like an uncle that you that
maybe raised you you love him and you
see him for whatever reason it's a
scenario so you're you're seeing your
uncle now commit this horrible crime and
would you still be in favor of the
putting him to death no cuz I would kill
him as soon as I saw it
happen I'd kill him myself um I
understand yes so yes so the answer to
the question is yes of course I would be
in favor that okay that's in keeping
with your statement and I actually fully
expected that you would that you would
say that but okay final scenario is is
the one that I think might persuade you
to change your mind uh there's a brutal
murder that takes place in the
neighborhood your uncle same uncle uh
was seen in the vicinity vicinity around
the time of the murder he also had
opportunity all right turns out he knew
the victim and he was known to have some
sort of ongoing feud again for the
purposes of the scenario uh your uncle
is arrested and tried and convicted of
the murder uh and he sits on death row
there's only one problem um you are the
only person who knows that your uncle's
innocent you're the only one uh your
uncle is convicted and put on death row
okay and for for the for the reasons of
uh shotty police work missing evidence
lying witness inup lawyer corrupt right
he's unfairly okay he's unfairly jail
he's unfairly thing and you're the only
one who knows that and after 10 years of
you visiting him in jail the state puts
him to death are you okay with that
scenario no no let me clarify at the
time but for someon let me clarify let
me answer the question yeah let me
answer the question I am not in favor of
the death penalty when uh we don't have
physical uh proof that the person was on
the scene of the of the uh of the murder
right so if we if we don't have the
uncle's DNA we don't have a
video um you know that that wouldn't be
enough so no I would not be in favor of
the death penalty unless there's a clear
unambiguous connection putting the
person at the scene at the time yeah
okay that's fair but now now here's the
Crux of the issue you are aware that
there have been innocent people put to
death under the death penalty innocent
people known to be
innocent yes yes I'm aware of that so
you know that there's been people
recently released that have been
spending years in jail now here okay I'm
I'm not seeing how any of this has
anything to do with the point so you're
way over your 90 seconds get to the
point okay the point is this if there's
a mother sitting in a prison talking to
her innocent son she knows she's
innocent he's innocent okay and he's
going to be put to death and you have to
do say it without an analogy because
anies analogies are nonp persuasive so
everything that's suppose you imagine
there's a story it's good for making a
point but now you're at the point where
you have to change my mind so just make
the point without without a story all
right okay so it to me saying that you
support the death penalty in in this in
this case means that you're actually
okay with the occasional innocent person
being put to death and you have to tell
the mother that look I I need to have
revenge for the all these deaths so I
want to kill more people and I know that
your son was innocent but I I I'm I'm
actually okay with your son being put to
death if we can just stop with all this
death and just let people stay in jail
for the rest of their lives at least we
give a chance to I would say look na
Myers you didn't you didn't do it
without the story well so so so make
make the point right without a story
just say your
point right my point is are you okay
with saying that you're you before that
you support the death penalty which
means that you are going to support the
occasional innocent person being
murdered by the state yes you have to
you you are you okay with that yeah of
course that that's you how could you be
in favor of the death penalty without
being in favor not in favor of but
without acknowledging that some innocent
people will be killed of course well
that's not that's not a very nice thing
to to to to to support I don't think I
mean well that's why that's why Dan I
say that I'm only in favor of it when
you can guarantee that the person was on
the scene of the crime at the time of
the crime so short of that I would not
be in favor of so most of your examples
most of
your the odds hold on hold on hold onry
the under my scenario the odds of
somebody being wrongly um wrongly killed
by the state goes from way too high to
really really small but possible and so
like with with any other major policy uh
that the country does Somebody almost
always dies it's anytime you make any
kind of a you know big change on
anything that's a life and death issue
sure people people die so you really
can't unfortunately you can't say that
the possibility of somebody nice
dying uh should stop you from doing it
we don't we can't we don't use that
standard for anything yeah but unless
you stop the death penalty you you you
don't have to kill more people you can
keep them in jail and look up Nathan
Myers and Clifford Williams they spent
43 years in jail for murder one of them
was actually on death throw and I'm
gonna gonna cut you off because now
you're you're off topic all right all
right so
uh
boom all right um so my uh my death
penalty opinion is nuance
and that makes it look like um I we
generally think that people fall into
one of the two sides because there's
usually a no death penalty or yes death
penalty and I'm not on either of those
exact sides I mean yes death penalty in
the worst situations especially if
multiple people are being killed and if
we can guarantee through physical
evidence that there's no question that
the perpetrator was on the scene at the
time those are my two situations that
would take the risk down to not zero but
very close to zero and I would say that
the benefit of making fentol a death
penalty situation for the big dealers
not the not those typical Street stuff
but for the big dealers is that it sends
a message to society that this isn't
like other things you know if you put a
death penalty on something you're
sending a
communication about the the size and the
extent of it and for me killing a few
innocent people it might happen would be
way bigger
benefit um in terms of
communication than not doing it so that
that's my my opinion and yes I do accept
that it would be rare but just like
every Big law change we have that has
anything to do with life and
death people die um so you can't you
can't make a change because of that
anyway thank you for trying Dan I
appreciate the uh the point I will tell
you that if you've watched me for a
while you should have known that leading
with an analogy to some completely
different situation was never going to
change my
mind but but it was a good effort just
the same so thank you and I will talk to
you all later