good morning everybody and welcome to
the highlight of human civilization it's
called coffee with Scott Adams and I
don't think you've ever had a better day
and if you'd like your day to go up to
levels which you cannot even
imagine all you need is a copper mugger
glass a tanker chel orstein a canteen
jug or flask a vessel of any kind fill
it with your favorite liquid I do like
coffee and join me now for the
unparallel pleasure it's the dopamine
hit of the day the thing makes
everything better it's called the
simultaneous Sip and it happens now
go that's that's good
stuff
now um I hear on the internet so it must
be true that there's some kind of
planned or anticipated solar event that
might have the effect of K off the
internet for
months could you imagine if there was a
solar event and the internet went down
for 2 months and then when it came
back all the problems of the world had
been
fixed just think about it how many
problems could you fix in the world by
having no internet for two
months quite a
few quite a few yeah in fact most of the
things I'm going to talk about
today wouldn't even exist except we have
the internet to fight with each other ju
just sort of hold it to your mind what
would the world be like if the internet
went down for two months now for a
Commerce it would be a disaster but we'd
probably figure it out you know as long
as the phone worked I don't know if the
phone would work but if the phone worked
we'd probably figure it
out but I suppose if you lose the
internet you probably lose civilization
so we'll see
um did you see the uh video going around
from a woman who is uh alleged to be
Laura
aboli um and allegedly she was doing a
little speech about
transhumanism and how everything that
we've seen in recent years is really a
plot it's a plot to increase the uh
Trend toward getting rid of human beings
and turning us into
robots well I saw Kim
tweeting that around and I thought huh
kim.com why is he forwarding that around
now if you don't know who he is the the
quick version is he he would be very
techsavvy so he's a techy guy by
background but he's also very political
so he would be somebody who understands
everything from technology to politics
pretty well and I looked this this video
and I said to
myself this looks like a deep
fake this doesn't look like a real
person and when they they shift to the
audience view the audience view is to me
it looked just like Ai and I thought is
this the first
big the first time there's really like a
big uh fake out using a deep fake
because people were buying into this
pretty hard now it turns out that the
real Laura aboli who is not the person
shown on the viral video uh had to
create a Twitter account just to say
that she didn't have a Twitter account
and that it was fake now kim.com did you
know uh reposted her thing so I guess he
understands now that it wasn't real but
I feel like there's yet another thing to
drop because they called it an
impersonator so the the preliminary you
know still fog of War story is that it
was an
impersonator do you think it was likely
a human
impersonator you know coincidentally
exactly when deep fakes can do exactly
this that they would use a a human
impersonator of a real
person that would be and and by the way
the the
prank wasn't wasn't really politically
valuable nor was it really a clever
prank because nobody really ever heard
of Laura aboli at least I never
did so it doesn't look like something
something would do nobody would put in
this amount of work to you know put on
the hair and makeup and video pretending
to be a real person who could just call
the mount and say oh no that's not a
real person I'm the real person but if
you could kind of play around in your
basement and make a deep
fake you might do that I mean as much
because it would be such an interesting
event like you might be interested just
to see if you could do it but to get a a
human being to put on makeup and a
disguise and try to be another person
that doesn't feel like what happens in
the in the year
2023 whereas a deep fake would be
completely expected right now that this
is precisely the time exactly the time
you would expect to see the first deep
fake that actually fooled
people so I'm going to guess deep fake
but I'd like to go on record I am on
record as saying I spotted it as a fake
before others did so I'm going to I'm
going to give myself credit I'm the
first person I saw who knew it was a
fake if you look at the comments see if
anybody spotted it before I did the
reason I point that out is not just to
brag because I like bragging bragging is
awesome I like to do it whenever I can
um but the point of the show is that I'm
teaching you how to
predict so if I can't do it in front of
you then that kind of takes away the
whole
theme so even when I get it wrong I'll
show you why I've predicted then I'll
tell you why I got it wrong and you can
find out you know what are the good
prediction methods what are the bad
ones so anyway it looked it looked fake
to me um here's a story this sort of a
dog not barking situation so Janet
Yellen is happy that the the stock
market seem to respond positively to the
fact that the treasury is getting
flexible with respect to issuance of
debt in other words it wasn't all
long-term debt they might do a little
short-term debt and they got flexible
and then the whole Market went wild and
stocks went
up does it feel to you
like that was too little to make the
stock market go up because these the
quote
flexibility was nowhere nowhere even in
the neighborhood of something like a
solution ution it literally was like a
last you know desperate gasp just to go
another month without failing and that a
last desperate gasp to go another month
without failing to you know renew our
debt
situation that was considered a
positive that's it that was a
positive the fact that we didn't go
under and we we tread water as fast as
we could and that was our
positive H now the the Adam's law of
slow moving
disasters suggests that we'll figure
this out this being the the debt problem
I don't know how I mean I have no idea
how we can get past the Deb problem it's
not like something you could easily
invent your invent your way out of and
you can't just manage it better and try
harder I mean it it doesn't it's
resistant to all the normal Solutions
humans use but it doesn't mean we won't
if I had to bet on us I I I will bet
that like every other time in my life
and lifetimes before me when we had
something this big this large of a
problem but you could see it developing
years in
advance we should figure our way out of
it but honestly I don't see a way but I
also didn't see way out of any of the
other problems right the fact that we
can't see way doesn't seem to be
predictive you'd think it would so
here's one of those prediction rules the
fact that you can't personally see how
this problem would be solved doesn't
really have any predictive value because
you your imagination is not up to the
task because you're putting your one
person's imagination up against 7
billion people trying to solve a problem
in some cases or in our case you know
several hundred million so several 100
million people only need to have one
person with the right
idea which could potentially float to
the top and you're good you don't need
to do you don't need to be the one who
had the idea personally so just keep
that in
mind um here's some good news Sweden's
decided to go uh more strongly nuclear
they just announced a massive expansion
of nuclear energy and they give build
two new reactors and try to double their
energy production and the previous
goal was 100% Renewables but now they've
changed the language to 100% clean
energy so the word
renewable just think about this the word
renewable almost destroyed the nation of
Sweden because if you think renewable is
a must then nuclear is off the table and
nuclear was the only solution said so
they almost destroyed a country with
what I call word thinking word thinking
is when you imagine that words carry
your logic and your reasons they don't
do that a word is only has what you
assign to it it doesn't it doesn't carry
its own argument but as soon as you say
we must be renewable and everybody buys
into that word
renewable it makes your thinking
distorted
cuz instead of looking for a solution
you're looking for a renewable does that
make sense you should have always been
looking for a
solution instead of looking for a
renewable but as soon as you commit to
the word your brain is just locked into
you know one way of thinking so they
they managed to get out of that um
necessity probably but good for
them all right Zion lights is a great
account to follow Zion lights that's
name of a person it's not a comment on
Israel the name of a human being first
name Zion last name lights great follow
on nuclear
stuff um hey here's some interesting
news you know how those climate models
they've got a whole bunch of different
models and they don't all predict the
same thing about the climate well here's
here's a a potential
solution uh researchers from uh uh I
don't know somebody the department of
energy Oakridge national uh laboratory
and some others they created a new
method for statistically analyzing
climate
models and and apparently it projects
future conditions with more
Fidelity in other words they've they've
tweaked the models to make them predict
the future more accurately do you do you
know how they know that they've
predicted the
future is that your first tell
do you see a
tell how do they know the models predict
the
future um what are they comparing it to
are they comparing it to the other way
to predict the future which they already
know is pristine and so they now have
this new way but thank God they have
this other way they can predict the
future so they can say the new way is
just like the old way it matches it and
thank God we know what the future is
because now we know our models are
good
that's
crazy now at best they fit to the Past
it's called the hind gting so you you
tweak the models until you say if we had
these models in the past they would have
predicted correctly the
past do you know how irrational it is to
say that therefore it predicts the
future that's not science it's not math
it's not statistics
it's not logical it's not
reasonable but it's what they
did now these are the experts now I'm
only enough of an expert because I've
done a lot of forecasting to know what
the BS is the BS is obvious but listen
to this this will make you a headshake
uh the method the method provides a way
to adjust for models just listen to the
the jargon in this and see if you have
the same reaction I did the method
provides a way to adjust for models with
high temperature sensitivities a known
problem in the
community by assigning different weights
to models and combining
them who who was it who assigned the
different weights to the
models who who do they ask to do that
hey Bob Bob are you done uh sweeping all
right you got all your janitorial duties
done could you just we just need you to
come over here and uh maybe assign some
weights to the various models yeah I
know that doesn't make sense it doesn't
make sense but when we tell to the
public we're just going to say that we
assigned weights to the models we don't
want them to ask how they were assigned
because obviously that would be human uh
opinion and if you were to Define your
models based on some human opinion
people would just laugh at you and say
you're just full of that's the
stupidest dumb thing I ever saw in
my life but we're going to make it even
worse because we going have the janitor
to assign the weights they won't even
ask I swear to God they won't even ask
how the weights were assigned this will
be funny come on over here Bob
Bob I I I that wasn't exactly what
happened I think but have I told you how
Meta Meta analysis is like horoscopes
but the the scientific Community has
been selling it to you like science for
years a meta analysis is where you look
at a bunch of different studies and and
none of the studies are good enough
they're underpowered or they're not
controlled you various problems so then
the meta study says we'll we'll put them
all together and they'll have different
problems and their different problems
will cancel out and then we'll get a
good re that's not science it's not
statistics it's not
math it's just opinion uh laundering
it's opinion laundering it's a way to
get the outcome you want by looking at
all the different studies and then
here's the magic you say you know what
we want to put all the bad studies
together br oh hold on hold on this one
study that's so bad that in my opinion
my opinion not my science not my math
not my statistics but in my opinion this
one's not good enough really so you take
that one out what if that was the
biggest
one because the the averaging is based
on the number of people in each study if
the one they decide to throw away
happened to be the biggest
one that was the entire outcome and
that's exactly what happened with some
of the co studies somebody would decide
to put in or not put in the biggest
study and that was the whole outcome
there was nothing all the other studies
were irrelevant because I if you put in
the big one it washed out the little
ones if you took it out whole different
outcome so is metaanalysis real no no
it's a way to laer an opinion and make
you look like make it sound like it was
science do you think that when they
found this way to add together all all
the models and then they waited some of
them that is not
science and and uh you know this is why
I'm here I'm here to explain to you the
obvious ways they're just trying to
bamboozle you I this is just bamboozled
pure and
simple all right uh in the news that
never stops the George Floyd news it's
like we don't go in a day without some
kind of George Floyd related news I'm
going I might have a segment on that
George Floyd news things things
determined by George Floyd So Derek
Chauvin is uh trying to get his uh
sentence overturned he's the one who
went to jail for allegedly uh
murdering um or accidentally murdering
Chauvin
and um the the evidence that chovin has
he doesn't have a lawyer for this one
now this might surprise you that no
lawyer would take this case but his
appeal will be based on uh there's some
other doctor who had nothing to do with
the autopsy so he wasn't involved in any
way but he read the autopsy report and
he believes that Floyd died from
complications from a rare tumor called a
par gang leomi that can cause a fatal
surge of adrenaline and chovin believes
that if the if the jury had heard about
this possibility that he had a rare
tumor that chovin would not have been
convicted now I have a theory about why
Chauvin is doing this himself without
the benefit of a lawyer it could be
because no lawyer would pursue
this the the odds that the that the real
problem was coinci acally a rare
tumor uh uh I'm that that doesn't get to
Beyond A Reasonable Doubt to me I don't
I don't think that was exactly the path
that's going to get him out of jail I do
think he was wrongly
imprisoned um on woke uh let's say
hysteria but and you know I don't think
he did everything right but I don't
think it was you know any kind of murder
all right that's my
opinion
so Trump has uh provocatively claimed
that if he gets elected he wants revenge
on all those Marxist Soros prosecutors
he wants them investigated and rooted
out and he calls them verman verman I
say he wants to get rid of every Marxist
prosecutor in America so that's what
Trump
said right wants to get rid of those
prosecutors so
obviously obviously the the issue here
is the the Soros funded prosecutors
wouldn't you say you know should we keep
them should they be rooted out so CNN
decided to have V ramas Swami on and
Abby Phillips of CNN uh was talking and
decided that the the important question
was to get VI to respond to Trump's use
of the word vermin because as everyone
knows Vermin is a word used by Nazis and
if you use that word well then you're
probably probably some kind of head of
the Nazis am I right am I right now what
did I tell you was the best the best
approach when the entire uh left leading
media they're going to go full dictator
on on Trump it's it's going to be a full
press he's a Nazi he's a dictator
everything he does is like Hitler Hitler
Hitler Hitler so you know they're going
to do that what what did I suggest is
the only the only legitimate way to
approach it
mock it you have to mock it out of
existence who's the smartest
Communicator um I would say maybe in the
whole wide world at the moment the
ramaswami so if a ramaswami gets this
question from Abby Phillips about what
does he think about this use to the word
verman this Nazi
language and you have to see it because
it's viral and it's awesome
vake goes High
Ground he goes High Ground instead of
addressing anything about the dumbass
question he goes right at her and and
makes the real issue about the media not
being able to focus on anything
important and all they do is play stupid
gotcha games and he
just faced
her just absolutely humiliated her on
live television now did she feel
humiliated I doubt it you know she's a
professional but from the perspective of
the the
viewers he took The High Ground And The
High Ground is I'm not even going to
address that dumbass question that's the
high ground and he took it immediately
and he never and he never let go he held
it all the way and then when it became a
viral
thing uh after it became came viral and
everybody was sort of cheering for's
approach uh then he tweeted it again
just a mocker
basically just to mock her he basically
made her the joke of the
internet
finally
finally
finally there's a republican candidate
who has the skill level to handle this
the only way you should first you high
ground it and make sure that you've got
that high ground and then you mock it
out of existence you make them look like
the clowns that they are and you never
let go never enter their frame never
enter the frame that's what he did right
he he had a frame that you're clowns and
he just made them accept his frame and
he just used up her time yeah I'll use
up all your time telling you your view
viewers are being not serviced properly
because you're wasting time on
but if you want to if you want to
disgrace yourself I'm here for
it it was wonderful like just freaking
wonderful now what's important about it
is not just that he did it and and it
worked out so well what it did was it
showed the uh the
template that's the template so the
template is the
story once you've seen him do you know
how to do it until he did it you know
you're you're you're just sort of
flailing around but now you saw clean
simple you know solution to the Trap
because they're all going to be in the
Trap right every Republican's going to
get get asked these questions just don't
just
don't don't enter the frame so great job
there so what should Abby Phillips have
done oh by the way Abby Phillips is a
reason that uh I don't like uh Jake
Tapper I'll just give you this sort of
background story um because I was
talking to Dapper he he did some guest
cartoons for the Dilbert before it was
disgraced and so we talked
offline and what I'd complained to him
that Abby Phillips had done a package in
which she'd mentioned the fine people
hoax like it was real and I was kind of
getting on him for CNN coverage of
treating the find people hoax like it
was a real
story and he accused me of being a
racist
essentially for saying that Abby
Phillips was getting the story wrong now
keep in mind I'd only heard a voice over
I didn't know who it was and I had no I
had no opinion whatsoever of ethnic
background because I didn't know who she
was didn't know what her face look like
I just heard a voice and her voice you
know doesn't give away any ethnic
background she has a very nice voice TV
voice
so and that's where I lost it that that
was the point where I realized I wasn't
talking to a just a person I mean like
why would you even think that like how
would that even enter your
frame that because you was wrong on
something that's obviously wrong and you
could check the transcript
yourself and that I objected to that
that that that that was
racist that that's point I realized you
can't talk to him I was like I can't
even have a conversation like what is
wrong what
happened that you would even be in that
frame how did you get there I don't know
so anyway here here's where that story
should have gone when Trump said he was
going to get rid of these verman Marxist
Das that Soros had
funded CNN should have invited Alex
Soros who is now running the the Soros
Empire and they should have asked him to
defend uh why these prosecutors are good
ones because he's he's backing them
isn't that the story shouldn't it be
that Trump says these prosecutors are
bad and then you take the number one
person responsible for getting them in
office the funding of it and you say you
know what's the other side of
this that's not exactly both sides of
them that's news that would be there's
an argument on one side let's show you
the argument on the other
side but did let me ask you have any of
you ever seen any news in which Alex
Soros was challenged to defend the
prosecutors or the Border situation the
way it is the immigration situation have
you ever seen that now ask yourself why
now I assume if the right leading news
invites him he says no all right that
would be no big surprise and it wouldn't
be it wouldn't be dumb because
you know he maybe doesn't want to get
set into a trap or something so that it
wouldn't be dumb to say no to the right
leaning news but is the left leaning
news so
incurious or is it because he's the now
the biggest funer of the Democrat Party
that they can't even ask him a question
about why he thinks what he's doing is a
good idea you don't even have to make it
hard you could just say hey some people
say your funding of these things is
terrible and destroying the entire
country it's the biggest problem in our
country
can you give your description of why
it's a good idea it doesn't even have to
be a hard interview just just put him on
record why is this a good idea we've
heard why people think it's a bad idea
don't you want to balance that out the
only reason I can think of is that he
can't defend
it can you think of any other reason
that the media which would be friendly
to him because you he'd be a Democrat
funer why wouldn't they want to get his
good strong
argument for why he's doing what he's
doing so that the Democrats would not be
wounded by this Soros um Association
wouldn't the smartest thing the
Democrats could do and the Democrat
leaning media be to rehabilitate um
Alexander or Alex Soros so they can say
yes he's the biggest funer of the
Democrats and look at all the other good
things he does he's a guy who does good
things everywhere and and he also does
good things in America byun Democrats
isn't that what you'd
expect why is it that the most expected
thing in news based on our biggest
problem you know crime in the cities and
immigration and the News doesn't even
want to
put the point of view on record of the
most important person in the
conversation what's up with that is it
exactly what it looks like it can't be
defended what it looks like is it can't
be
defended and I think that's and and if I
were the vake or the uh or Trump I would
be saying get Alex put him on camera put
him on camera CNN put him on and ask him
ask him why he thinks this is a good
idea just challenge them saying why are
you asking me about Trump's comment
about the prosecutors isn't that a
question for Alex Soros why don't you
ask him to defend what he's doing and
tell us why it's a good idea I told you
why I think it's a bad idea would you
like to hear the other side of the story
cuz frankly I haven't heard it and it
would be a service to me as well if you
could put the other side of the story up
so America could understand what's
happening to America if there's one
person who's more more responsible than
any other person and he's an American
citizen and he's supposedly fighting for
America let's hear his story put him up
there that's what I
do all right uh v as you know is also
going after uh ra uh McDaniel head of
the
GOP and I saw uh Charlie Kirk was saying
in a post he said that the r Rona factor
is dragging down the entire party was
just texting with the major poster who
asked likely voters if they planned on
participating in the election 2024 they
were flood with voters jaded with the
RNC and one stated bluntly that you
wouldn't get involved unless Ron MC
Daniel is end of the race now um I don't
know this is sort of anecdotal so I
don't know how to judge if this is a big
thing or not a big thing but imagine
this imagine if vake got the
scalp imagine if aake was the one that
you
remembered uh got out of the job and
then imagine that whoever replaces you
know was the new person does a better
job on
turnout imagine that happening because
that could happen you know there could
be enough pressure that that R gets out
doesn't look like it at the moment she
seems to be hanging tight but imagine if
it did you know because the pressure
might be building this would be the
ultimate what I call the new CEO
move the new CEO move is a persuasion
technique I read about a lot which is if
you get a new CEO often they'll like
fire an entire
department uh well you saw what mus did
M mus did the ultimate new CEO move with
Twitter he bought Twitter but then
almost immediately he cut like 80% of
the staff are there any
questions yeah that that's that's the
new CEO move done to
perfection right by cutting 80 % of the
staff and then actually making it work
and then turning it profitable which is
what looks like is going to happen this
coming year that is the most
baller new CEO move you could ever make
everything was in that move you is
basically packing the entire Elon Musk
management concept into one act which is
I got rid of 80% of you and it didn't
make a difference do you have any
questions
do you think the remaining 20% worked
extra hard
probably probably do you think the
remaining 20% actually enjoyed their
jobs more I'll bet they
did I I me I'd be curious about it but
I'll bet they did because the 80% were
the people slowing them
down the 20% were just trying to do good
work and change the world and then when
everybody got out of the way they did
good work and the
the xplatform has more good features in
the past year than its entire history so
the the technical department at U the X
platform in my opinion is just freaking
killing it I mean if you look at the
degree of difficulty of their task and
then you compare it to the outcome as we
see it today and even where it will be
in a year it's one of the greatest
technological achievements of all time I
mean it's really seriously impressive
from the outside you know it's hard to
know what's happening on the inside
byway that's a new CEO move if aake gets
a change at the head of the RNC and it
makes a difference before he even gets
the
job that is one hell of a good
persuasive move because it puts him it
puts him basically in the boss job
without even getting the job yet that is
strong now I know what all of you are
thinking so I'll just say it
lowed I I'm endorsing the primarily
because age is just too much of an issue
yeah there's no way I could tell you uh
few years ago Biden is too old and you
all know it and you're going to you're
going to you'll really pay if you make
the mistake of electing him because age
does matter it's going to matter with
Trump too but if you had a strong VP you
would worry less compare Biden's age
with KL Harris as the up spare
wheel now compare Trump still operating
at you know
being sorry I see the connection
troubles here on YouTube um we're not
having those on local by the way so
that's a it's a sight specific problem
um yeah sorry about that it'll clear up
in a
second
um so anyway there people are already
fantasizing about uh Trump doing what
nobody's really ever done which is to
have a vice president well no I'll take
it back Bill Clinton did this and to me
it was one of the strongest things he
ever did when Bill Clinton took on Al
Gore as not just a partner but like a
like a serious vice presidential partner
that was that was a really smart move
because Gore did actual real useful
things you don't like him on climate I
know but what he did with the government
and efficiency and stuff like that was
actually pretty pretty radical and
important so having a great operator as
a vice president would be an amazing
thing for the
country um I saw there was some hearing
on the j6 things and FBI director Ry was
there and uh some representative Higgins
was
claiming uh that there were so-called
ghost buses on January 6 have never
heard this before the so-called ghost
buses and the idea is that there were
buses there that were unmarked they were
just pure white and that the the
unmarked buses are for the were for the
purpose of transporting uh allegedly a
bunch of FBI operatives dressed like
Trump
supporters now I love me a good
conspiracy theory I really do but but
there's a little bit wrong something
wrong with this one do you know what's
wrong with this conspiracy
theory the white buses would be the the
most obvious fake
buses what would be the best way to have
a bus deliver uh undercover of
people in a regular bus the the number
one best way to deliver a spies would be
on a regular bus you don't want to pull
up with the ghost
bus like hey what kind of bus is that
huh you got this one unusual bus here no
I'm not buying the ghost bus hypothesis
I'm not saying it's fake right I don't
know if it's real or not but just
because they were white
buses wouldn't a white bus simply be a
chartered
bus Am I Wrong do you think the FBI has
like their own buses just for for
shipping in large numbers of FBI people
oh somebody says yes that they have
their own white
buses is that true do we know that the
FBI has white
buses oh my oh it's getting more
interesting I'm seeing in the comments
over on the locals platform that that's
something we know that the FBI has white
buses all right well if you give me a
picture of an FBI white
bus then then you can change my
mind I'm open to be changed like like I
said I'm not saying it didn't happen I'm
just saying it would be a weird thing to
happen but
maybe it's not
impossible somebody says there's video
well video of the bus but there's not
video of FBI agents changing clothes and
getting on
it I don't know prisons use white buses
somebody
says Monica Linsky turned 50 in
July
wow wow she's Forever Young in my mind
that's weird somebody just said all
right FCC has some new Equity rules that
uh for your digital you can't digitally
discriminate on internet so everybody's
said got to have internet um of course
this will be another thing that will get
abused um we assume but I wonder about
this if you're too poor to have internet
access do you have a smartphone and a
laptop to use
it don't we also have to give everybody
a laptop for free cuz what good would
Wi-Fi be if you don't have anything to
access it I know I go keep an eye on
this one that looks like a I saw it on a
Kyle Becker uh post um but keep an eye
on that because that could be misused
quite easily all right president she was
here and uh now we know what they talked
about I may have missed some of this
story I thought the coverage was
terrible uh the news coverage of the
Biden it felt like it was just really
kind of sketchy and
incomplete but here's some stuff that
came out of that uh
allegedly we gave China something but in
return uh China said they would crack
down on fenel which they've said before
and never done do I have that story
right the president she said oh yeah
well totally we'll totally crack down on
all that
fenel so basically nothing right yeah so
that's the same thing that Trump thought
he got and didn't get so we got we got
nothing on fenal but apparently we gave
away
something something they want that's
that's almost beyond my ability to
understand I will tell you this a
hundred
times fenel is not a
negotiation this has to be understood
because I think the
Administration is in the wrong frame
it's not a
negotiation it's what you tell you it's
what if it doesn't stop you tell them
what the penalty will be and then you
apply
it you don't negotiate
it you you know and then the other thing
is you don't let him in the country when
these when they're doing this and you
don't allow their you know diplomats St
operate and you don't allow their
students to go to our
colleges you just shut the whole
thing down cuz fentanyl is the opening
bid it's the ticket to the show the show
would be all the negotiations that
superpowers do with each other that
should be ongoing business but you don't
get a ticket to the
show unless you've settled the Sentinel
problem absolutely terrible terrible
terrible negotiating and persuasion
technique worst I've ever seen I'm I'm
going to say for sure worst I've ever
seen I've never seen anything worse than
that now did Trump do it right no nope
Trump did not do it right let me say
that as clearly as possible nope
absolutely wrong what is the likely to
do it better well I'd like to see him
describe how he' do it but I like the
odds better
honestly
well she did say that uh China wants to
be friends with the US and would never
fight a hot war with the us or anybody
else and you know
what I actually believe
that do you believe
that I actually believe that China under
no circumstances whatsoever would get
into a hot war with us that they thought
could escalate you know you could
imagine some ships fired another ship or
something someday but I actually believe
that there is no circumstance in which
they would do it you know
why because there's no circumstance that
you can even imagine where it would work
out well do you know
why because China doesn't believe that
life is better after you
die that's it that's all you need to
know China is run by uh you know
engineers and rational people who may do
things which by our eyes and even
anybody's eyes might look evil or
suboptimal
right every everybody does things
differently but when does China try to
kill itself by entering a war that could
only be disaster for the entire
world if if you ever imagine that China
wanted to be in a hot war with the
United States you're totally wrong they
do not want a real war with the United
States not even a little bit not ever
not over anything and they even said not
over
Taiwan said so what said so to directly
now is that because they're good
peaceloving people is that why I say
that
no do you know why China doesn't need to
get in a war with the United
States because they're winning because
they're already poisoning us with Tick
Tock they're poisoning us with fentanyl
they're they're taking over soft control
of the entire you know oceans around
them they're building their military
like crazy to expand their power they're
doing the belt and Road initiative to
get all the other countries in the world
on their team and eventually they will
get Taiwan back which they completely
know because geography is just too
important you know it might not be you
know in 10 years it might be in 100
years it might be in a thousand years
but Taiwan is going to go back to China
right I mean it just is so
you know whether that's good or bad or
whether in in fact maybe China becomes a
something like a democracy in 300 years
that could happen that's totally totally
doable within 300
years so does China need to do something
different no what China needs to do more
than anything is make sure that there's
no hot War because they're already
winning they're they're already winning
in the destruction of you know the
system of the United States we've got a
debt that looks like it's going to crush
us they've got enough other connections
with people to buy and sell things if
they had
to no there's no way they want a hot War
anytime soon or anytime because they
don't need one they're projecting their
power far more effectively without
bullets
so um there seems to be a trend on the
internet which uh some might say I had
something to do with and some might say
I did not but I saw uh Jack babek said
and what the trend is is not that people
are thinking differently but that what
they're willing to say in public so the
the story is that they would say it in
public not that they're thinking it the
thinking is ordinary it's the saying
it so Jack pabic on x white people are
the only ones who are supposed to hate
their own race in order to or in order
to be considered good people
whiteness is the only culture identified
by those outside it and not those who
are part of
it the white culture is the only one
where hatred of it is considered a
virtue now if if this were just
Jack it's one person's
opinion um also Eva of um of linger
broke I believe she's Dutch she said on
X everyone is allowed to be proud of the
except for white people because we've
been brainwashed into believing that our
history was somehow worse than that of
other races that false narrative needs
to die and if we really want to be the
comparing in the comparing game uh white
people have also done a lot of good for
the world now you've probably maybe
you've never heard of her uh Eva she's
political in some way I don't know
exactly um but here's the interesting
part Elon Musk responds to that post and
says yeah this is super messed up time
for this nonsense to end and and shame
anyone who perpetuates these
lies Elon Musk just said it's time to
stop hunting white
people thank you Elon
Musk now did I make it
safer did I make it safer for people to
say out loud exactly what they're
thinking
maybe
maybe because I think what I signaled
was the uh you know I've told you this
before I don't know if it's just me or
if it's white people maybe you could
tell me uh I'll ask any colonizers on
here is it the nature of white people
that were very flexible until or
not that that's my take I feel like
white people are very flexible
until we're not what I signaled was my
point of not that was my turning point
that that's where I wasn't going to
compromise
anymore now it costs me very expensive
but if uh Jack and Eva and Elon can all
survive what they just said which is you
know the more polite version of what I
said I was being provocative they were
being more
polite
um maybe something maybe there's like a
a turn in how we think about it and and
how uh how much we're allowed to be
pushed but look at this this uh specific
wording from Elon it's time for this
nonsense to end and to shame anyone and
he puts anyone in capitals who
perpetuates these
lies what does shame sound like what's
the best way to shame
somebody mock them
you get you getting the message
yet taking them seriously was always the
mistake the mistake was allowing that it
was it was an acceptable part of
conversation they should be
mocked until it's just too hard to be
them because mockery is really powerful
you know good mockery is really really
powerful so turn up the mocking machines
it's time to go well the uh the little
battle between uh I'll call it a battle
just for fun because we like watching
these little battles between Ben Shiro
and Candace Owens both of uh the daily
wire and you know uh so this is over I
guess the best way to characterize it
would be the is Israel Gaza
situation um you know ban is of course
100% behind Israel as am I and Candice
had maybe a more nuanced approach which
was not taken well by those who are 100%
in front of uh in favor of Israel now I
have a theory that I'm going to test out
that is relevant to this little battle
and it goes like this and i' like to I'd
like to ask you in the comments um true
or false right see if you agree with
this when the war in
Gaza uh
happened well actually when October 7th
happened which is you know the whole
whole deal
um the women who are not involved
directly in Israel so the women in
America let's say they watched it like a
story about a war it was a new story
about a war and you could imagine you
know it has effects that could affect
the world but it's a new story about the
war when men in America Amica watched
this story they were in the
war in other words my my personal
physical sensation was in the war
because when I see the you know the
people fighting you know not just the
citizens um I'm the fighter like that's
the one I put my mind into but more to
the point the war is not just the the
kinetic part the bullets flying around
the war is also uh the persuasion you
know the propaganda if you will that's
as much of the war as the the
bullets I feel and I felt from the first
moment of October 7th that I was not a
spectator that I didn't have a choice
that I was in the
war as a
combatant and I was completely aware
that if I said the wrong things in
public my life would be destroyed in a
way that being cancelled couldn't even
compare
to right completely aware also aware
that I could actually be in physical
danger if I said something that was you
know too offensive to some party right
so I want to see if you feel feel the
same this is a male female
difference I think women were observing
the war and having strong opinions about
it and that men are in it as in we're
still in
it and I would go further to say that
and for the same reason I'll just say
this until people are really mad at me
for the same reason that I don't give my
opinions about abortion neither the law
nor any individual decision because I
don't have enough skin in the game I'm
I'm okay if you do if you do that's fine
I don't care what anybody else does I'm
telling you personally I don't feel that
that's my place like I'm not adding to
the conversation there's plenty of views
that carry all points of view mine would
just be one person who's not it doesn't
have a stake but I have a stake in
Israel I have a stake in that because I
believe that they are you know the first
line about something that could spread
over here and I think that I and I take
sides with Israel for the very simple
reason that Israel would take my side if
if this were reversed Israel would be
100% on my
side but that's not you know that's not
true for Hamas right Hamas would kill me
so for me I don't care who did what to
anybody before October 7th one of these
is on my side and would protect me if I
were in a pinch and likewise in the
reverse and one of them would kill me if
they had a chance this is not this is
not a jump
ball
Candice Candace it's not a jump ball I'm
with Ben 100% but getting back to Ben
and
Candace it looks to you like people
observing a war and having different
opinions is
not it's not two people observing a war
and having different opinions it's one
person who's very much in the front
lines of the War which is Ben
Shapiro and one person who's observing
it so is that a real
conversation that's not like a
disagreement on some facts that's one
person whose opinion matters and Shapiro
would be influential person in both
countries he probably has some influence
in Israel that we don't fully
appreciate and he's in the war and I
appreciate the fact that he's not he's
not shading any bothsidesism and trying
to fool you about his real opinion he's
just giving it to you straight out this
this is right this is wrong this is what
I'm doing boom totally respect
it um and Candice is of course an
American who has a right to an opinion
but to see them as as somehow equals
having a conversation about the war is
not really what's happening one of
them's in
it and the other one became an
enemy in other words uh any any
suggestion that there's maybe another
side to the anything that happened after
October 7th is not what you want if
you're in the
war right Ben's in the war just as I am
you know I'm a public figure I took
sides I'm in it
so uh I wouldn't I wouldn't look at it
so much as a conversation as somebody in
the war is going to act differently than
somebody who's observing it that's all I
see and I'd love to see them uh have an
event where they talk about it see
what's what
um I guess Ben uh they've had a few
exchanges and Ben said blah blah blah
you know by all means quit if you don't
like it you know I'm just
summarizing um
but if she gets forced
out you know she probably has some legal
recourse here or she has a contract I'm
sure all right Mike S was pointing out
that Candace might have some some legal
uh let's say some legal legs to stand on
if if things go wrong there all right
this is a weird and uh troubling story
so you know uh the IDF Israel's uh
Defense Force was being as careful as as
possible I mean there's a limit to all
you can do trying to capture the
hospital in
Gaza um because they believe there's a
headquarters of underground hos tunnels
there and there's always been there um
so they apparently they have control of
the hospital
now but they can't find the
tunnels
so what's going on
here now it's early
so here here's what seems
likely what's likely is that uh if Hamas
had tunnels there ever that they would
have hidden those tunnels as well as you
could hide a tunnel but let me ask you
this if you've already rescued the staff
of the
hospital you tell me there's nobody on
the staff of the hospital Administration
who knows where the tunnel opening
is and you you don't think that they've
been interrogated sufficiently by
now how is it possible that they could
have functional control of the hospital
and that there's nobody there who would
tell them where the tunnel opening is in
return for I don't know you know maybe
money or good treatment or you know
being uh airlifted to a better Hospital
get out of the war zone there's nobody
you could convince to tell you where the
tunnel opening
is the the head of the hospital the
administrators of the hospital they
don't know where the tunnel openings are
under their hospital or or it's possible
that there are no openings under the
hospital it might be under the hospital
but the openings are somewhere else or
or there's nobody in the hospital that
could tell you for sure whether they're
under
there so it it creates two
possibilities one possibility is that it
was never true and Hamas was always
trying to bait Israel into destroying a
hospital that never had any tunnels
under it the other possibility is that
they did have some offices in the
hospital because they did find some
assets like a laptop and stuff you know
some some minor assets so maybe they had
some presence there but it got
exaggerated in the telling you know
maybe it was one of those telephone
things where somebody says Hamas has an
office in the hospital and then the next
person hears Hamas has you know a whole
bunch of buildings or a whole bunch of
property in the hospital and then the
next person is they've got a bunch of
property in the hospital and and they
have their underground tunnels access
from there and then it turns into they
don't just have access to the
underground tunnels but they've got most
of their complexes under the
hospital how
how how impossible would that
be kind of totally possible isn't
it
now I'm still going to bet that they do
have a facility under there so if I have
to put my money on it I'm going to bet
on the
IDF I think the IDF and their you know
their sources probably good enough that
they actually know there's something
down there so I think they'll find it
but it's it's a real head scratcher that
they haven't found it yet so we'll
see
um and it
appears that have printed my same notes
several times for no particular
reason and that that would
be exactly
8:00 my time and exactly 1 hour of high
quality live stream content the best
thing you've ever seen and don't you
wish that you didn't saw this without
commercials yeah that's what the people
on locals see they see it with no
commercials if you're on YouTube you're
like oh I have to get past this
commercial like no you don't have to but
if you were a subscriber on YouTube to
YouTube's whatever tube it is thing uh
then you can also skip the commercials
let me give a commercial for
YouTube YouTube is you know for All We
complain about it and the uh suppressing
of traffic which we believe to be true
it is one of the greatest technological
inventions of all time it is by far
better entertainment than almost all
scripted everything like I can always
find something on YouTube to watch
the odds that I could go to cable or
regular streaming service to find
content very low chance odds of me
finding something fascinating and
interesting on YouTube within one minute
really good really good so YouTube is
like a Wonder of You Know American
Brilliance and and technological
innovation and and and also the
interfaces for YouTube are just
unusually good just really really strong
technical work going on there uh but
given all that the advertisements are
almost impossible to get through so the
best money you'll ever spend for
entertainment is to upgrade your YouTube
to get a uh adree version it just an
adree version of YouTube could replace
all your other streaming services in my
opinion all
right but if you want to be on the
locals Network you could see my other
comic you could see
uh you could read for free the PDFs of
my books Gods debris and uh the religion
war and uh you get a lot more political
content as well and all the live streams
without commercials so that's my
commercial for my commercial uh is
anybody have I missed anything today is
there any story I
missed you can also subscribe to the new
Dilbert's and the Dilbert calendar in
digital form on
x
um yeah they don't like ad
blockers you don't do
subscriptions I think the whole world
will be
subscription you know my in my perfect
world everything would be subscription
but instead of charging X for a
subscription I would charge you 10 cents
a month and that would be good for me
because there' be so many people who got
a subscription because it was cheap so
if we can get to the place where
everything's subscription and you can
decide which of your 10 cents goes
where that's a good world I love to get
there but I think we're heading that
way Statewide subscription model what
would that
do all right um if you're not following
Dilbert reborn you would miss the best
comic I've ever done today uh is that it
actually might be my favorite comic it
was suggested by one of the local
subscribers and the idea is that Dilbert
uh goes to some place called the uh
Department of uh
disinflation the department of
disinflation he goes up to a window and
dog birs the the clerk on the other side
of the window and dber says I have
inflammation in my knee and dogar says
no you
don't I I've read my own comic like a
thousand times and I laugh every time I
read it no you
don't all right if that doesn't make you
laugh well you're dead inside dead
inside I say yeah Steph imposters would
be proud wasn't that a
ziggy all right did you see the images
of all Chinese flags in San
Francisco did anybody see those pictures
it was like but then did you see the
other images I saw a live video where
there there were uh American flags there
as well did you see the version where
there were also big American flags cuz I
wonder if the version that had all
Chinese flags was a fake version did
somebody did somebody remove
them cuz I definitely saw I definitely
saw one with americ Flags in between
Chinese
flags so maybe they came later you maybe
it looked like a bad idea and somebody
rushed in with some American flags I
don't
know that's not a big story anyway
that's all for today YouTube I'm going
to say bye I'm going to talk to the
locals people because they get
extra bye for now