you might hear my duck
at seriously they they've been coming
window they got in we're we're we're
live right now people coming in and
hello everybody good morning good
morning we have a very special coffee
with Scott Adams this morning I'll tell
you in a moment after our simultaneous
sip come on in here everybody Hey Beth
hey Hugh hey
Mark you're all in time and now you know
what time it is it's time for coffee
with Scott
Adams
and I'm going to introduce our special
guest for the morning Brandon
Derby an expert on all things about the
border with
Mexico uh and we'll do the Fuller
introduction in a moment but I wanted to
let and join us for the simultaneous zp
so please if you're prepared grab your
mug your glass your cup your Stein your
tankered your chalice fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee en join me
for the simultaneous
up all right Brandon
derby um can you can you tell us your um
current job and background so people who
are not how familiar with you know the
context here yeah so I I run breitbart's
border team um we're a team that's very
separate from breit Bark's political
coverage um and I also run breitbart's
cartel Chronicles project so uh several
regions along the border in
Mexico journalists get killed for
writing about cartels so what we do is
we allow them to write under a pseudonym
and then we publish uh their writings
about cartels and corruption in English
and Spanish so that's what I do so it it
puts me traveling the Border about a
third of every months on both sides of
the border for the last probably seven
or eight years so I uh did a provocative
tweet this morning I want to get your
fact checking on it and I said that
because the cartels own so much of the
territory on the Mexican side of the
Border in other words they they're armed
people who was essentially control that
territory when we're building the border
wall would it be fair to say that we're
building a wall between the US and
Mexico or are we building wall between
the US and the drug cartels because they
actually own the land that we would be
dividing between them and us how how
close to True is that um well it's
pretty close I think um I think that
there you know first off no one is
really proposing a wall or or a w or a
fence uh between all of Mexico and all
of the United States there's roughly
2,000 miles of Border uh they're
proposing about a thousand miles of of
of barriers um the regions where those
are being focused upon are areas that
are heavily controlled by cartels it
doesn't mean the cartels control the
Border but they do control portions of
the Border region there right so the
Border region being the US side and the
the Mexican side composing the entire
border region um I I think what you said
is largely true it's largely true it's
you know there's you know someone could
say The Border's safe that's a Hal truth
someone could say The Border's unsafe
that's a Hal truth someone could say
cartel's control the
Border that's mostly true um you know
there's there's nuance and a lot of a
lot of
uh there's a lot of room for nuances a
lot of details a lot of differences
between the groups what happened butly
what you said is true so so let me just
boil take it down to another level so if
if I walked up to the border from the
Mexico side and I'm not on a river so
I'm not on the portion of the Border
that's a river right what are the odds
that uh I'm in cartel controlled
territory well okay so so the Texas
border is about 1200 miles of the almost
2,000 mile border and the Texas border
has the Rio Grand so it is a river some
places it's it's pretty powerful some
places it's it's a it's a stream that's
that's maybe 10t across and four inches
deep it just depends what we're talking
about um most of the really bad cartels
and I say that in the sense that they
they they kill journalists they allow
their violence to spill over into the
average person uh most of those groups
are south of the river so they're south
of Texas if we were to go Iona
California most of New Mexico those
those transnational criminal groups tend
to not allow their violence to spill
over for instance in Tijana right now
they have the highest murder rates of
all of Mexico but the vast majority of
the people affected are drug dealers or
drug smugglers or cartel connected
persons now if you were to go to Rosa
Mexico South in the C Texas the murder
rates about half of tias however most of
the people murdered are innocent people
tourists Business Leaders or what have
you journalists um politicians or what
have you so so even though the the
violence is higher in Tiana it's
actually much more dangerous for the
average person in Rosa right so so most
of the problems that we're really having
um with with cartels trying to control
migration that's happening uh south of
Texas where there's a river okay all
right um now
some people say that walls and border
security doesn't work because uh of
tunnels and uh you're probably not
seeing any tunnels wherever there's
River uh are there other places with
where you're likely to see tunnels and
when you're likely not to well okay so
this is interesting um there are tunnels
and those tunnels do happen um but they
generally happen with tunnels you're
looking at Arizona and in California and
the reason you're looking at that is
there has been one tunnel under the
river in El Paso um many years ago uh
that was discovered but it was a it was
a wasn't a very good tunnel the the
actual tunnels that are of concern those
things happen where there's where
there's a wall already right so you're
looking at City centers right when you
have an urban area in Mexico next to an
urban area in the United States where
there's already a wall bill and that's
when we see tunnels and they usually get
discovered pretty quickly uh due to
human intelligence so informant programs
or what have you our technology hasn't
actually discovered any tunnels to my
knowledge it's it's always been human
sources that have given them away but
you're really only looking at you know
if we were to go west of of um where the
tunnels happen is you're really dealing
with them in Douglas Arizona nogalas
Arizona and then you don't deal with
them again until you get to to you know
Mexicali California and and U El Centro
and then of course San Diego and Santa
Cedro uh that's where you're dealing
with the tunnels but it's not the Texas
border for most of the Border doesn't
have that problem how many how many
tunnels would you imagine there are
active at any given time does anybody
know nobody knows we've discovered
hundreds in the last decade but again
the tunnels things a bit tricky because
the the transnational criminal groups a
lot of money into building the tunnel
and into ventilating it and what have
you uh only for it to get discovered
shortly thereafter so it it uh it isn't
the Mage P the major push the major push
and the major the major ways that they
they go around border security we've
already seen this before because we've
already put walls and barriers in places
like El Paso where the crime we went way
down when Democrats say hey El Pasa look
at the low crime rate the Border safe
well that's an example of how walls work
um now wait a minute wait a minute let
me I have I have to challenge that
because I've I have mocked the El Paso
claim that the wall worked now I think
it probably does work for reducing crime
and immigration in El Paso but doesn't
it just make people say okay we won't
cross here we'll just go down the road
well it it it sort of does what it what
it tends to have to do is it it the
regional criminal group um I'm trying to
avoid speaking in Broad terms like the
cartel because there's like hundreds of
different criminal groups that we call
the cartel or cartels um but what they
do is they tend to to turn to being a
little more professional they tend to
they tend to start shying away from
illegal immigration and migrant
smuggling and they start to turn towards
harder drugs but they start to turn
towards doing those harder drugs at
ports of injury so um like in El Paso
what happened was instead of people
coming over the Border uh barrier in
committing small crimes coming over the
Border barrier and committing robberies
coming over the Border barrier and
bringing loads of drugs on their back
they turned towards public corruption
and they started to Target CPP officers
and they started to engage in different
efforts to get um drug loads through
Port legitimate ports of injury um
instead of across the border it changes
things which makes it a little more easy
to deal with but it changes things it
doesn't stop things it just changes
things right so would it be safe to say
that if we're only putting uh strong
borders in in some places even if those
are the places we think we need it most
as long as long as you have lots of
porous areas it really doesn't matter in
terms of the overall effect because the
cartels will just and the the immigrants
will just adjust another in other words
do you need do you need to be pretty
good all the way on the border for all
the places that are easy to pass or or
it doesn't make any difference right so
so this is a a discussion debate I have
often times with with people who are
actually open borders Advocates and they
do exist like people in the KO Institute
or um you know there's a professor in
Hawaii that we have discussions uh on
social media about the issue um so so an
open border doesn't really kill people
per se uh a secured border doesn't kill
people what kills people and makes it
really really dangerous is um is a half
secured border partial measures half
measures we've already had this happen
like uh during the bush
years and some in the Obama years
actually Obama built border barriers too
um during those years what we we did was
we put barriers between two Urban areas
like most of the cities in California
and in Arizona like nogalas and uh and
uh and Arizona nogalas Mexico Douglas
Arizona and aqua Prieta like we we put
barriers between them in certain areas
and the point was to funnel the traffic
into other areas uh with the belief that
that would make it easier to catch them
you know uh to assign resources and then
with the belief that there were some
areas that were just so desolate that
people would not try to cross well that
turned out not to be true uh the funnel
thing did work um but it turns out that
people are so desperate to have a better
life here a lot of people that they do
in fact try to come regardless of how
difficult it is that's why we've seen
two the two miners die I believe in in
the El Paso sector in New Mexico is
because people want to be here that
badly all right um I know that you're
doing a good good job because I'm seeing
some anxiety in the comments for people
who can't tell if you're for or against
the wall because uh the the world is
divided into these the these artificial
binaries so let me ask the question
because they're asking the question uh
which I probably would not have asked
actually but for their benefit uh would
you say you're for the wall and let's
say the wall equals you know fence in
some place wall in other places and let
the engineers decide
but are you you for it or against it um
I am for Border barriers uh where they
are needed and uh I think that uh you
know that's not a a people want to hear
are you for the wall or against it I'm
for Border barriers where they are
needed and I'm for Border barriers in
urban areas I'm for Border barriers in
the most remote areas uh but I'm also
for building more roads so agents can
get there more quickly making sure
there's more medical care for our agents
which translates into for migrants and
I'm for taking a more aggressive stance
against um uh transnational criminal
groups in Mexico by going after um by
going after their money and their money
people rather than uh what we're
currently doing which I think amounts to
token gestures and I'm also for
uh I'm for making a humanitarian
argument for border security um and I
recognize that even if we build the wall
to the moon at the end of the day this
all boils down to economic opportunities
it really does if until Mexico's okay
until Central America's okay we're going
to keep having problems in and around
our border uh these transnational
criminal groups have grown past the
point of Al Capone and prohibition these
guys have grown to to a point where they
they are so integrated into Mexican
political culture and Mexican officials
uh agencies that um you know that even
if we legalize drugs tomorrow it's not
it's going to impact them but it's not
going to stop them and what they're
doing I'm for border security and and
physical bearers are part of that okay
so say more about the the question of
legalization um I don't have an opinion
on this yet I'm more along the lines of
you know there there are things that you
can try small and see if it works I I
understand that Portugal had a good
experience with drug legalization so
there's there's some track record but uh
why so people ask me uh wouldn't it
solve pretty much all of our problems if
at least the drug problems part of it if
we just made them
legal no I don't think so I think it
would um I tend to be in uh uh I tend to
lean more towards that uh towards
legalization um but I I think that we
need to be honest with ourselves and
this is something that you know most
people again it doesn't fit anyone's
narratives perfectly let's talk about
marijuana I think it's absurd that
marijuana is illegal in a lot of places
I think it's absurd that it's illegal
federally but let's talk about what
happened when when we began to
decriminalize marijuana it did a lot of
good I think for people in California
who are dying of cancer I'm not taking
away from that there's a lot of young
men and young women are not getting you
know horrible things on their criminal
records preventing them from getting
into schools or getting good jobs
because of it like I I get all of that
but there are also consequences that we
don't discuss like whenever we began to
decriminalize marijuana and marijuana
could be grown in the United States and
grown very professionally and we got the
the kind right we got the good the hydro
and the good stuff that's grown indoors
what happened was we we took a large
chunk of the profits
that that Mexican cartels were depending
upon they have vast amounts of acreage
devoted and hectors devoted towards
marijuana cultivation well what did they
do when when their schwag Mexican schwag
we could no longer compete with the the
the high the kind bud in the United
States did they go away no they didn't
go away what they did was is they
shifted to human smuggling to replace
their profits and that's why we that's
part of why we saw the minor crisis in
20 14 and is part of what's happening
right now and why we have so many people
entering our country they also began to
stop cultivating marijuana on their
fields and they started cultivating what
poppy so then they began to saturate the
United States with black tar cheap
heroin that no one really wanted so then
they said hey our heroin can't compete
with some of the Asian heroin so what
can we do to make our heroin better so
they began to utilize fanil with their
black
so that their heroin was comparable and
could compete with Asian heroin now we
have a lot of overdoses of people
because of fenel because they're taking
heroin that's really not that good but
it's laced with fenel so we have some
consequences from there are good
consequences to legalization but there
are also unintended and bad consequences
so by by legalizing without first going
after the heart of these transnational
criminal groups what we've done is we've
actually heard our El we've actually
created an opioid epidemic and we've
created a situ a fento epidemic where
people are
overdosing that's interesting so uh as
long as the cartels want to make money
and they their uh their path of least
resistance is more illegal stuff all we
can do is push them from one illegal
thing to another illegal
thing it depends so so we're in a tricky
situation in
Mexico the the US state department
determines how hard we go after cartels
and they largely determine or influence
is really a better word who we go after
so what US Agencies will say is that
that they are told that they need to
balance their law enforcement priorities
with the state Department's diplomatic
concerns diplomatic concerns matter
training matters I get all of that but
but what we've largely become is a
situation where in Mexico like there's a
and we've talked about this before but
I'll tell you there's an organized
criminal Circle okay like this and part
of that circle is El Chapo or whatever
drug boss cartel boss there is right
he's part of that Circle but but the
other people in that Circle are
politicians financiers Bankers you know
um the money people the lawyers the what
have you and the launderers and so what
we generally do is we go after El Chapo
but we leave the rest of that Circle in
place and because those are the
diplomats and those are the people who
are politically connected we don't go
after the rest of that Circle and until
we go after the rest of that Circle and
actually go after some big fish in
Mexico um they're just going to keep
replacing El Chapo indefinitely I I I I
I saw a news story that we we got some
kind of a convictions of a high level
government official um I forget the
details but I hadn't seen that recently
are you do you know that sorry there's
some high level there there's a bunch of
them the last two governors of of Toma
south of Texas are indicted one's in US
custody once a Mexico custody Mexican
custody fighting extradition to the US
there are instances once once that
political leader falls out of favor with
that organized criminal Circle they're
more than happy to give them to us um
but it this isn't us challenging the
organized criminal Circle this is us us
playing ball with the or ganized
criminal Circle who are also the very
diplomats that we have to negotiate
trade with right uh with whom we
negotiate trade so that is those aren't
really examples those are more token
examples um what I was hoping more for
um and what what what Steve Bannon was
was promised and didn't happen and I'm
it's not his choice right I get that um
but what what I was hoping for was for
specific factions of Mexican cartels
like one faction of Los one faction of
the gulf cartel to be declared as
foreign Terror ORS because they are in
staed foreign Terror ORS and um they've
crossed those lines and I was hoping
that going after them that way uh which
would allow going after any Bankers who
handle their money any I mean just going
after them that way would then cause all
of the other criminal groups in Mexico
to step in line and tone it down so so
there could be security so there could
be more economic growth so what have you
I thought that was really the best way
to go about it um but that's not what's
happened how how much do the cartels
earn in a year collectively and could we
pay them to do our border security in
other words if we said in instead of
making a billion dollars a year by
sneaking people across the border we'll
give you a billion dollars a year to
prevent them from coming across the
border uh no depends because well first
off we already do pay them for border
security like we have
informance um our governmental agencies
have informance all throughout different
transnational criminal groups that we
call Mexican cartel um and there's a lot
of incentives if if there's someone from
the Middle East for instance or who's
speaking Arabic or who's what they call
a special interest alien um there's a
lot of incentive and financial incentive
for those people to turn those special
interest aliens in right and for people
to tiip off us authorities so we already
do utilize uh members of criminal groups
for security just as we do in the US
right um I I've never I've never heard
that before this this is the reason I
love talking to you I hear things that
I've literally never heard so let me
just say this again make sure I
understood it that our our worry about
actual terrorists let's say from the
Middle East coming across the southern
border is mitigated by the fact that the
cartels themselves can make a profit by
turning them in is that true people in
those cartels yeah people in those
cartels for sure make a profit by
turning them in I don't think we're
there you know this is a complicated
deal because we've had a couple of and I
say we and I'm not taking ownership of
that in fact I I I I spoke out quite
loudly against it and it was very
unpopular uh because of who I am and I'm
on the right and I made some people mad
but like there was a false report about
an Isis terror training camp in War
there was a false report that there were
100 Isis fighters in the migrant Caravan
and people ran with this and and that
those kind of things just really don't
help we're we're at a point right now
where the the more likely scenario when
it comes to terrorism is that people are
are still going to fly into the us or
they're going to fly into Canada and
then they're going to come into the US
on visas or what have you we're getting
to a point with our our technology that
we're able to to recognize who's
connected to whom and people are going
to stop coming in that way and they're
going to start trying to sneak in
illicitly um and that might be a problem
on the southern border but for the most
part from what I understand the people
that we do get who are connected to a
terror org or on the terror watch list
are usually Somali or they're people
from Kurdistan they're Kurds and if
you're someone who's a curd it's almost
impossible to not be connected to a
terror or because every someone in your
family fought in your war for
independence with the pkk and because of
our relationship with turkey we call the
pkk a terror or however when we're over
there fighting our military forces are
more than happy to work with the pesh
murga are more than happy to work with
because we understand the Nuance so so
it gets kind of complicated I I do think
that there is a a bit of a a threat of
of of of bad people entering that way
but I I don't know that those bad people
are are as much of a threat as what
we're already dealing with with with
certain transnational criminal groups um
so you know that that's where it gets
tricky right we can talk about it all
day long but the bottom line is there
are people more people are dying have
died in the Border region in Mexico if
we just look since 2009 if go look at
the numbers of of people who have died
in Afghanistan look at the numbers died
in Iraq during the war and now let's
talk about Mexico's drug war owners
anybody's free to Google that and look
at the different estimates the best
estimates from probably Molly Malloy
from the University of New Mexico who's
not a right by any means and she I think
she estimates that we're we're rocking
200 250,000 people dead since 2009 in
the drug war in the Cartel Wars we're
looking at 50 to 60,000 people missing
who are just gone nobody knows where
they are and that's just what we know
about so so we're looking at there are
real threats along the border not only
to us but also to migrants also to the
people who are many of the people who
are trying to come here to work there
are real threats to address and I think
that sometimes people on the right by
focusing on the possible terrorism
instances or what have you it's
effective at ring people up but it's not
very honest you know so if you um
there's a you know is issue in the news
right now where the president claimed uh
or or I guess Homeland Security claimed
that X thousands of people are captured
every year trying to come into the
country who were on the terrorist watch
list and then uh when the numbers were
broken out it turns out that basically
it was all at the border basically
almost all of it was just I'm sorry
almost all of it was in airports so that
even if you control the Border uh it
wouldn't the the implication here is
that it wouldn't stop the terrorists
because we're you know most of them are
coming in through airports to which I
say and here's my question to you how
would we know how many people came
across the border and didn't get caught
because it seems to me that it's easy to
catch people coming in through an
airport because the process requires
them to show their face and
identification so one would expect we
would catch all of the terrorists coming
through airports or a lot of them
whereas if they were actually coming
across the border they get away with it
because nobody's asking for ID they're
literally undetected could we have any
idea how many watch lless terrorists are
crossing the southern border or is it
just something they don't do so it's not
a problem um I I don't think it's see
this is where it gets tricky we we do
have people um we do have instances
where you know five men from Pakistan
one from Afghanistan were caught 17
miles into the US after illegally
crossing the border like these kind of
things happen the problem is is is and
we don't know who like like who are
those people connected to I have no idea
what it does show is that um I'm not
someone who thinks the majority of
people from that region are trying to
kill us I don't believe that that's just
not you know my my veteran friends who
fought in Wars tell me that a lot of
those people fought alongside them um
for their own country right like when we
we're talking about the Middle East or
the greater Middle East in the case of
Afghanistan or Pakistan yeah so I I
agree with you on but let's I just want
to drill down on what can't be
known that's the thing is we don't know
like that's that's the that's the catch
is that we have mechanisms in place to
try to figure that out and try to know
when people are coming but clearly some
people get through and we don't know and
and that's why again it it it is an
important discussion to have when we
talk about terrorism um but it's there
are so many more applicable that is one
of them that should be discuss but there
are so many more alal reasons like like
for instance and this isn't mind bright
numbers like anyone can Google sexual
assaults of Central American migrants
Google it and look at the Wikipedia page
look at the the sourcing um so we have a
situation where up to
70% of the women and girls who come from
Central America to get to the US
illicitly are sexually assaulted along
the way that's a significant situation
that that is a much applicable situation
and when we talk about persuasion yes we
we need security we need to make sure
terrorists don't come across the border
but the the people who that appeals to
that argument is appealing to are
already on fire about border security
let's let's broaden it out with our
persuasion and let's talk about let's
talk about the humanitarian consequences
of an unsecured border let's talk about
the 70% of Migrant women who are
sexually assaulted the expectation of
multiple rapes along the Journey from
Central America through cartel territory
to our border that those are these are
significant arguments that just are not
made enough so people
can something that's out there and
narrow it into something that's more
appliable so let let me see if I can
frame this using what you said earlier
um would it be true that the two safest
situations just in terms of crime would
be complete border security or a
completely open border those two
situations would have the least amount
of crime least involved with border
related crime is that true correct then
the argument is that we're in the worst
situation and the decision we should
make is open borders versus full
control correct interesting I've never
heard anybody say that it's it's a half
measures that that um and that's why I
get very offended
when I get offended at Republicans and
Democrats honestly because I I do focus
on this issue I do have you know just in
a few days I'm going into Mexico and I'm
going to meet with families who whose
daughter's innocent you know and and so
I I you know and they have no hope of
Justice none whatsoever aside from the
US targeting the bad guys who did it to
their children right there no hope of
Justice the police the police work in
those regions work for the cartels so so
you know for me um
I just listen to you know maybe it's our
media system and the way it's set up
like this is great because we can have a
discussion but most of the people
talking about this issue are giving 30
second sound bites on television and
they have no idea what the hell they're
talking about um so let me ask
frustrating very frustrating couple more
quick questions um do we have any kind
of a special forces who are operating
either legally or illegally in Mexico
show who are directly targeting the
cartels no no we don't why not just
political
um the the way it works out in Mexico is
everything's done through consulates
everything's done through our through
the state department uh we have
contractors uh who work there uh
gathering information most of them are
there for a year assignment or longer
some of them don't even speak Spanish uh
most of them are retired law enforcement
from uh law enforcement agencies in the
US who then go work there on a on a on a
a contract basis um our US Marshals do
go out with Mexican authorities often
times but they're they're in a support
role they're not able to engage well but
let me ask you this don't can't we tell
with our various Intel things and drones
Etc don't we kind of know where the
cartel headquarters
are it's not that it's not that simple
we we do know
I think where where most of the bad guys
are
but you have to manipulate our
government in order to get anything done
with that so obviously in my situation I
mean let's just look at it like
Breitbart is largely seen as a voice for
for Board of Patrol agents to tell their
stories uh on the US side and we're
largely seen as a voice for journalists
and law enfor good good law enforcement
officials on the Mexican side we come
across so much information half of that
information I share with the public half
of that information I call various law
enforcement agencies with the amount of
frustration in Mexican officials who
contact me and who I deal with regularly
who say hey we found this guy and we
want to arrest him but if we arrest him
this guy is going to get out immediately
unless the US extradites him and wants
him and then the US people in the US say
to me hey we don't have the paperwork
ready for that guy sorry uh not
interested that's not a priority but
what's what what what's what's stopping
us from uh just taking him
out just just killing them uh well okay
on on their side of the Border what what
is stopping us from doing that well what
stops us from being more aggressive in
general is our state
department our state department uh has a
a lot of sway in how that again like I'm
going to tell you Scott I'm very
aggressive toward cartels I'm very
aggressive especially towards those and
cartel I routinely identify I use all
kinds of creepy mechanisms to find their
cartel bosses uh human sources U uh
technology we write about it quite a bit
and a lot of it I share I make public
where they are I write about where they
are publicly I write about the
corruption my team does um and still
unless we create a public outcry the US
government does not prioritize those
individuals it's a it's a real problem
but it all it really goes back to our
state department the biggest obstacle to
border security isn't Mexico the biggest
obstacle to border security is is the US
state department um they have nothing to
do with whether or not uh we're building
a wall or a barrier they have nothing to
do with whether or not we hire more
border patrol agents but they have
everything to do with how our
intelligence and law enforcement
agencies operate and interact inside of
Mexico and and again that's where the
real border security is the real serious
stuff in the real security and the real
change if we talk about holistic border
security right recognizing the Border
region is two parts recognizing that
that most of that border security is
actually having to do with how we deal
with cartels so that we can create more
economic opportunities there get get the
security situation under
control well hold on well hold on there
there's no hope of Us increasing the
economic situation in Mexico as long as
as long that's not true not true no hold
on let me let me finish it because the
cartels will will essentially own those
businesses one no not necessarily so so
the issue really becomes one of it okay
here here's the the the reality of
Mexico is this they're very resource
Rich there's plenty of resources in
Mexico um the problem is is that many of
the regions along the
border those resources be exploited
because of the security situation and
because of the corruption situation
which is largely due to the security
situation so though I don't suggest that
we engage in direct economic development
in Mexico when we needed in our own
country so badly in so many areas like
inner cities and rural area we could go
down the line that's a whole another
talk but what we can do is we can
address those security situations we can
more aggressively go after the rest of
those people in that organized criminal
Circle so they fall in line in other
places so that businesses are more able
to uh invest in Mexico and invest in
resource exploitation and what have you
it's all about the security situation um
the security take K COA is along the US
Mexico border along the Texas border
tons of oil but we can't exploit the oil
because in order to exploit the oil the
cartels are going to steal the gas
the yeah wait so so the pinch Point here
is the state department and and why and
are you saying that the state department
is prioritizing trade over everything
else is that the problem uh they
prioritize diplomacy at all like
diplomacy ahead of law enforcement and
intelligence priorities yes H yeah yeah
one one of our one of our writers one of
our team members is the former uh
projects coordinator for the for the uh
for the inl for for the state department
in Northeast Mexico which composes most
of of these most of losetas in the Gulf
cartel territory fell under his purview
and uh now that he's no longer doing
that he he got very frustrated with that
and you know so we we give $2.5 billion
dollar to the Marita initiative which is
to deal with the cartels how the state
department deals with the cartels in
Mexico in the drug war um and so he was
he was a a senior person in that effort
and he writes with us and he he's
written quite extensively about issues
with State Department in Mexico U I deal
with it myself like I said it's it's um
I understand diplomatic concerns are
important but but maybe the balance of
you know diplomacy Over Law Enforcement
priorities maybe we need to we need to
shift out a bit yeah that that's why I
was wondering if we hypothetically and
I'm not suggesting this is a good idea
I'm just thinking it through if if we
were to locate a cartel headquarters and
we dropped a drone on it Mexico would
compl laain like crazy to our state
department and then what would they stop
trading with us I mean I can't I can't
see the
consequence well well the consequence
would be like a lot of our economy is
based upon trade with Mexico a lot of a
lot of Trump's numbers for instance with
the economy are based upon Texas all
hold hold on hold on let me let me make
sure I'm make saying the question right
what would Mexico shoot themselves in
the foot to punish us for solving their
biggest
problem no they would probably begin to
to get closely aligned with Russia or
China and then we'd have a whole another
problem I think that it's unnecessary
that what so here's I'm I'm not I'm not
buying that I'm not buying that because
Mex Mexico's you know they're they're
just too entwined with the United States
right so so it well well first off it's
really unnecessary because there here's
the deal there are good men and women in
Mexico trying to do something about
about the corruption okay um what we
could do what would be the smartest
thing to do is if we were to take like
one Mexican border state that's divided
into six regions in their in their state
okay each state has a regional swap
Commander State Police Commander who's
going after
cartels their salaries are about
$1,500 a month at most if we were to
take a situation where our intelligence
agencies were to give resources to to
those
individuals and uh and actually go after
cartel bosses if if protected cartel
bosses were um if if people in Mexico
dumped those people like across the
border who were wanted in the United
States right but the US wasn't going
after um and Mexico wasn't going after
those kind of things would be very
effective and those are things that we
could accomplish for uh you know you
could you could have that relationship
with every Regional commander in Mexico
for 3.6 $3.4 million a year I that's
nothing nothing in the drops of of of uh
governmental resources right um so so
there are other ways to go about doing
this and going after cartel bosses but
the most effective thing we could do is
just to declare two factions of the two
most violent cartels the two dominant
factions um just to declare them as
foreign Terror ORS and that would that
would in itself accomplish this goal
without without um
wait so what what does that bias what
what do that bias if we just simply
change their designation how does that
change the activity what do what do we
do differently because of that well what
it does differently is it causes
everyone involved with them in any
manner to also be subject to having
their resources uh seized and and to be
gone after by the United States it re
prioritizes there it takes the state
department uh out of having the the the
driver seat on how they're dealt with
and it puts other agencies uh at the
Forefront so so for instance Bankers who
deal with them I mean let's be honest
like like when we talk about loetta or
the golf cartel who operate along
they're headquartered on the US Mexico
border uh there's multiple factions
there's CDN which is the main faction of
the Zetas there's uh the Rosa faction
Los metos of the golf cartel these
people it's all in the end of the day
it's about money and power and and their
money is being and and their money is
being laundered in US Banks and us
connected Banks so if banks if banks
launder money of a of a terror
organization um it's a very different
situation for a bank than laundering
money John so uh let me uh see if I can
summarize this for the viewers and then
we'll uh we'll wind down here in a
minute so the summary is that our own
State Department uh is keeping us from
being aggressive with the crime on the
other side of the Mexican border because
they want to keep good diplomatic
relations with Mexico but if we were to
declare the two biggest cartels or the
two most problematic cartels as
terrorist or organizations which which
would be legitimate then the state
department would have to take a step
back because they would not be the lead
the lead group it would be would that be
Homeland Security or just the military
I'm not
sure the state department would still be
involved it would be different factions
within it um you know our FBI would
obviously be able to handle it more
aggressively DHS as a whole like our you
know which is part of ice but like homel
security investigations would be able to
handle it more aggressively our Treasury
Department would be able to handle it
more aggressively we could go down the
line on on on how that would that would
change but see I don't Advocate
declaring the gulf cartel as a foreign
Terror organization I advocate declaring
a faction the most dominant faction as a
foreign Terror org if if we you know a
lot of people don't recognize the Nuance
between criminal groups and it's very
important that we do like so if we took
two Regional factions of these cartels
and and made an example of them it would
cause the other groups in Mexico to fall
in line that's my thinking um if we just
declared cartels as that obviously that
would be very problematic and it would
it would crush Mexico because of the the
intertwined nature across the country so
so we have to do an example but I think
one of the most important things that
I'd like to express here is that we
continue to treat Mexico as though
they're at an equal table with us as a
government as a country um like they
Canada or like their Germany but the
truth about Mexico is that it's it's 32
districts 31 States One Federal District
and over half of those territories are
actually under the direct control or
direct influence of of mexic of drug
cartels drug cartels that when the
Mexican military you know in the United
States or Canada when we want to deal
with bad officials in a region we send
in our FBI or our federal agents in
Mexico they can't send in their police
they have to send in their Marines to to
to go into Patrol areas over half of
Mexican states are patrolled by the
Mexican military because they are
dealing with people who are fighting
back against them with RPGs and armored
vehicles um some cases with helicopters
with
drones this is a this is a paramilitary
situation it's not a law enforcement
situation in over half of Mexico yet we
still try to deal with them as though
they as though they are um as though
they are not a falling a failing Narco
state which they are all okay so let me
ask the question that I keep getting on
social media it's my position that the
Border secur no amount of border
security will make much of a difference
to the amount of drugs coming in from
below the Border true or false um I
think that's false uh I think that
according to the dea's National Drug
threat assessment the vast majority of
hard drugs coming across the boorder do
come through ports of entury but 10 or
11% of of heroin is a is a significant
is a significant amount of heroin coming
into our country you know all right so
let me let me drill down on that so if
if the 10% that are not coming across
the border crossings could no longer do
it the way they were doing it wouldn't
they just move to the border crossings
which apparently works well or just
throw it over the wall and have somebody
on the other side right well so this is
why it's so important that when we talk
about border security we talk about
holistic border security and not just a
wall that's one of my objections to that
that's why you can't tell what I support
is because I have an objection to um
just like I did with the Caravan right
like we said we're going to stop the
Caravan and I'm like okay there's
there's more people coming across our
border every week than are in the
Caravan and by identifying the Caravan
as a victory point you really take the
steam out of the movement to better
secure the border and to change policy
by talking about the wall if he gets his
wall it is it is one
component uh the physical barriers are
one component of of a border of of of a
comprehensive security plan one
component it's an important component
it's a symbolic component but it it is
just one component and if it's done
alone it it has very little effect if it
has to be done with a lot of other
things and that's what I'm trying to
tell people is that those other things
just are not happening right most of
those other aspects are just not
happening and that's why I don't really
think that we're that that serious about
securing the Border because if we were
we would be doing a number of other
things and instead of focusing on one or
two aspects of it all right um I'm going
to wrap up is there any final thing that
maybe you'd like to restate or haven't
haven't said yet about border I would
just say that um a couple of points I
hope people take away from this is that
the Border region is the US and the
Mexico side right um I would like to you
know really impress upon people that we
need holistic border security multiple
steps done um some of which could be
done very easily by the president and by
the state department without any work
from the Democrats or from an opposing
party and then the F finally I'd like to
say that there is a humanitarian
argument for border security there is a
good humanitarian argument and if people
would begin to make that argument uh
they would find that it had a lot more
support than the current arguments being
made all right very good and thank you
for that I'm gonna I'm GNA say bye for
now uh I'm watching watching the the
comments and people are loving this
discussion so thank you thank you for
having me all right and we'll talk again
by bye bye
bye all right um those of you are
wondering his vaping was not
marijuana I know some of you were
wondering that I asked them before we
went live
um so I hope that was was useful I
learned a
ton about that and I'm not going to
bring up any other topics on this I
think I'll just keep this pariscope on
the single topic um we'll talk about
climate and other things
later um so the the takeaways are that
if we if we were to declare the the
worst of the cartels the factions within
those cartels as terrorist
organizations we might be able to beat
the other terrorists uh into line to be
just regular
criminals so apparently taking it down
from Defcon 10 to DEFCON 5 normal crime
would be sort of a win uh the other
thing that was use useful is that the
safest two conditions from a
humanitarian perspective humanitarian
meaning the people coming across
themselves would be complete border
security or no border security at all
but but half of a border security is the
most dangerous uh least optimal
situation and that's the one we're in so
maybe we should just have that
conversation about getting rid of it all
or having a complete border security
because those are the smart choices for
the benefit of the immigrants because
remember it's a moral argument so let me
put this in Nancy Pelosi terms it is
immoral to have a partial
border am I wrong because the worst case
scenario for the immigrants themselves
is what we have a p a partial border the
the two ways that you can be
morally let's say acceptable would be to
have no border at all which has its own
problems but it's at least morally
acceptable or to have a really good
border where people are you know not
trying to get
across uh that's a fascinating reframe
of things and I'm I'm glad we had that
conversation I'm going to end it here
and I will talk to you later