pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom hey
everybody come on in here
quickly quickly before all the seats are
taken last person who gets in here
doesn't get a chair all right I'll tell
you is it does it get more fun every day
I can't tell that's the gold beige for
you all right we're going to talk about
some fun from yesterday
in which I don't know if I have any of
you saw the video of President Trump
talking about the Olympics and the pair
Paralympics and I want to play the video
then I'm gonna give you Chris Hayes TV
host MSNBC I think a TV host Chris Hayes
interpretation of it and then we'll talk
about let's make sure we can see this
and that was just incredible and what
happened with the Paralympics was so
incredible and so inspiring to me and I
watched it's a little tough to watch too
much but I watched as much as I could it
was really fit now did you hear that
part he goes it was it was tough to
watch too much but I watched as much as
I could
let's play it again just that part so
listen to just that sentence it's a
little tough to watch too much but I
watched as much as I could it was really
fantastic and I want to thank you so
it's tough to watch too much but I
watched as much as I could so how did
you interpret that
well I interpreted it as you're the
President of the United States it's hard
to sit down and watch much television
innocent normal a very ordinary thing to
say I'm the President of the United
States I don't have much time Chris
Hayes we'll see what chris is he's the
host of all in with Chris on MSNBC in
anti-trump ER
he tweets about that and he goes
honestly what the hell kind of thing is
this to say now you realize that he's
interpreted the president's comments as
if the president was saying it's hard to
look at these people who because of
disabilities I guess so Chris Hayes has
interpreted the president and saying
that he doesn't have much time to watch
television as he finds it hard
emotionally to look at children who have
disabilities oh my god oh my god so he
makes that tweet so I tweeted back I
Chris interpret it so I tweeted back I
heard him say presidents are busy so
it's hard to watch much TV paraphrasing
and then I said what does this sound
like in the tds language so I thought it
was funny that there might be an actual
TDS language where although all the
words sound the same but they mean
different things you know it's it's
actually the English words but in the
TDS language they actually have
different meanings so you can say the
same sentence and somebody will say it
here oh it's time for dinner and the
other person will hear yeah you're
you're you're damn idiot it's like the
same words but TDS language interprets
them differently so way way but there's
a there's a happy ending to this story
so if you're just joining on the
president was giving his speech and he
said it was essentially didn't have much
time to watch the Paralympics Chris
Hayes interpreted it initially
apparently as saying it was hard to look
at the people and then when he realized
people jumped in and said he may have
interpreted it differently and then he
fixed it so then Chris Hayes later said
so I've lived I've listened to this way
more than I should have
and he says I think and he puts little
Asterix around thinks so he's not
positive he goes I think I've come to
conclude he means it's tough to watch
too much because he's so busy being
president which is exactly right now
here's it if you don't see what a big
deal this is well let me let me break it
down for you here was a clean example of
somebody who experienced the the Trump
derangement syndrome bubble from the
inside he heard something that would
have been shocking but of course didn't
happen but he heard it pretty clearly he
heard something that didn't happen so
clearly that he was willing to publicly
go on the record and tweet it so he was
so sure that he heard it the other way
that he tweeted it to 1.6 million
followers put his reputation on the line
and did it in public that's how sure he
was of his original interpretation now I
if any this sounds like I'm making fun
of Chris Hayes I want to tell you right
now this is the opposite all right this
is the opposite of me making fun of
Chris Hayes Chris Hayes actually saw
something that wasn't there this is
really important he saw something that
literally didn't happen he saw it as
clearly as he could but it wasn't there
and then when other people weighed in
and said no you're interpreting this
wrong this clearly means the other thing
what did he do did he double down no he
didn't double down he went and he looked
at the evidence again and again and
again and again apparently because he
said he replayed the video a number of
times then having come to a different
conclusion
literally realized that oh I think I saw
this I think I saw something that wasn't
there he did the honorable thing he did
not delete his tweet he retweeted a
corrections and said why cuz I listened
to it assess the evidence
yeah I hear differently now I think I
hear differently now Chris got out of
the bubble it's a big deal do you know
how rare it is for somebody to do this
now I'm not saying he's out and he'll
stay out I'm saying that he experienced
within one day what it feels like to be
in an artificial world where he saw
something right in front of him he heard
it he saw it clear as day and then when
other people said take another look
you're interpreting this wrong he
actually did something there very very
rarely can people do he actually climbed
out of the bubble and looked at it from
outside the bubble it's a big deal I
know it sounds like I'm making a bigger
deal about this then then you probably
think it is but I'm hoping there's more
of this coming so I'm seeing this as
more of a symbol of maybe there's like a
crack in reality you know Kanye the cod
me a think is a pretty big deal it's the
first time that people probably said
that damn racist wait a minute I'm
trying to figure out so this is what
people had to deal with this past week
there were people trying to grapple with
the fact that there were a hundred
percent positives that this president is
a big old damn racist there are a
hundred percent positive that Kanye West
doesn't like racists and he a Kanye West
likes the president so how is he how is
any of this possible now people are
trying to explain it by Kanye is
actually literally crazy is that
possible yeah that's possible anything's
possible right so that would that would
at least it would explain some of the
observation but here's a better a better
explanation Kanye is closer to the
president than you are
he's just got a little clearer a clearer
view
because he is upfront he's he's looked
in his eyes do you do you think that
when Kanye and President Trump were
sitting privately and talking to each
other do you think they felt anything
but affection for each other I don't
think so I think that's all they felt so
so Kanye got out in the bubble and Chris
Hayes just had the experience of being
in it and then an event in one day which
has got to be jarring and it's got to be
jarring now I I of course I couldn't
leave it alone so I tweeted to Chris
just a moment ago you know
congratulations getting out of the TDs
where I just noted that he got out of
the TDS bubble and I said do Charlotte
still next because this is this is a
perfect analogy or yeah a perfect
similar example would say of the people
who thought that the President of the
United States sided with the actual
racist in charlottesville now just like
this the Chris Hayes example where he's
positive he heard that but then when he
got to see the other the other point of
view he could you can see both right so
he could see two worlds at one at one
time which is gotta be a weird
experience think about it think about
being so certain and then with no facts
changing no facts changed nothing
changed and then he was able to see a
whole different world at the same time
it's cool all right so I I send my blog
post about Charlotte's film in which I
explained in the blog post how a large
part of the world is positive they heard
our president side with actual out of
the out of the closet racists who were
marching in Charlottesville they believe
they actually saw that
that didn't happen now the President did
use words that sound exactly like that
but any any reasonable interpretation of
what he meant is that he assumed other
people were there too all right that's
what I assumed a lot of people probably
assumed and it's a big old demonstration
there's lots of different people some
are racist some are antiphon but
probably some of them are just good
Republicans who are there to protest the
the removal of the statue not for racist
reasons they just like their history or
whatever so the Charlottesville example
is identical in set up to this
Paralympics situation it's it's people
looking at the same set of facts and
coming to completely different movies
and someday maybe the people who saw one
movie can can see simultaneously none of
the other let me say that
Charlottesville I can clearly see both
movies so to the people which is
probably maybe even the majority of the
country so to the people who are saying
my god Scott can't you see he clearly
used the words he said there that there
was racists or fine people I see exactly
why you think that there are the words
the the interpretation that those people
are putting on it is not crazy and some
kind of I don't know how words work mean
in a way it's simply an interpretation
that doesn't work nearly as well as the
real one which is he just thought there
were some good people there too you know
it was the fog of war situation
I certainly assumed that and by the way
there were some people who were just
there to protest the statues as a free
speech point who were very anti-racist
and said so they did a video that day so
there were some good people there some
fine people that is documented and true
half the world or more thought that you
sided with racist that day it's amazing
that you can have such different movies
from the same set of facts
okay
so maybe that's a big deal maybe it's
not I understand that Kanye is dropping
a new surprise track with ti-ti playing
the the voice of his critics saying and
then I guess
Kanye explaining in the song his
position about Trump I haven't heard the
lyrics but but I gotta say that this is
a this is a true statement you know you
know I've told you before I'm not really
into music that much but one of the few
albums I've ever bought was Kanye's I
like his stuff I like his music I like
what he does and when I heard this track
was out there I see it see if you had a
similar experience I've never wanted to
hear a song more than that song for a
song that I hadn't yet heard I've never
craved I mean like I mean I was almost
salivating I was like haha I gotta hear
that song that's gonna be a good song
and it was partly musical like I thought
it would be a good song you know because
he makes good music but partly because
it's so interesting partly because
there's so much energy around it partly
because this song would have would have
so much of himself in it you know his
music always has to he's always in his
music but this one is so raw and
immediate and important like I have
never ever wanted to hear a song that
badly and I go gold around I couldn't
find a copy right away so I'll go see if
I can download it a legal way oh he
killed it you're gonna have a field day
so some of you it's on iTunes I
I'm not sure I can use iTunes let me see
if I get fired up here while you're here
I have a bad history with iTunes what's
it called
there's a song called what's going on
with Kanye maybe that's a podcast what's
the name of the song you versus the
people is that what it's called all
right I searched artists and more
yeah stronger go there and alright so
I'm gonna do what I've done a hundred
percent of times I've used iTunes and
I'm gonna do it right now I've been
trying to use iTunes for many years part
of the reason that I don't listen to
music anymore is iTunes is that iTunes
is actually the biggest reason that I
don't listen to music because I have to
deal with it the the the user interface
for iTunes is so annoying that I can't
penetrate it no I'm not saying I don't
know how to use it or that I can't
figure out how to use it of course I can
you know millions of people use iTunes
it's not like I can't figure now but I
guess so angry every every time every
time I open it and try to use it it
makes me so angry
that the interface is so poorly designed
that I can't actually buy music I
actually bail out before I can actually
find and download a piece of music I
become so angry at the interface and I
don't know if it's because Apple does
such a good job as so many other things
that I say to myself are you serious why
do we have this 1990s interface to buy
music when you do everything else so
well what the hell is wrong with this
you versus the people somebody's saying
alright let's test this interface doing
Kanye didn't bring it up the people
watch this not work
yep nothing so ye versus the people
doesn't give me anything see ya
I swear to God I just give up on frickin
iTunes it's just the worst thing this
this is the biggest story in the whole
world right now this damn song the most
important song in the universe is this
goddamn song and iTunes well well pick
it up either on Kanye's name or the name
of the song now I agree somebody those
of you who know iTunes better I was like
you idiot you're pushing the wrong
button you have to do this or you're in
the wrong mode or something and I'm sure
that's true I'm sure I could figure that
out in five minutes
but that would be five minutes of so
much painting I'm not going to do it
because I'd be so angry while I'm trying
to figure down all right so I think I
have nothing else left to say today I'm
going to go do some work and I'll talk
to you all later