all right if my technology Works which
is a big if you're in for a treat you
viewers I have a special guest Joel
Pollock who is senior editor at large at
Breitbart and even more importantly he
has a new book out it's tremendous it's
called neither free nor fair the 2020
U.S presidential elections Hello Joel Hi
so we're giving you fresh you this this
book is right uh just published right
now right
today checking out today it's an e-book
at Amazon neither free nor fair and
thank you for showing yes you can see it
right there on the tablet
and I wrote this book in two weeks it's
about 180 pages about almost 60 000
words and I had heard of people writing
books this quickly before but it had
never actually happened to me but once I
hit on the idea everything just float I
was literally writing a chapter a day
because all of the pieces fell into
place
in terms of how this election was run
what was wrong with it and how to
explain it and really frame it in a way
I think that will help people understand
perhaps even people who might have liked
the result helped them understand why we
can never really run an election like
this again yeah let me say the thing
that you're not allowed to say because
you're the author which is I've I've
worked with you for a long time now in
Trump related things and and I've seen
the speed at which you write quality
material and every time I'm blown away
you know I'll get i'll get a message
from you it's like I was thinking about
writing an article on X and then five
minutes later there's a published
article on X was Flawless oh yeah it's
just perfect you're you're one of the
fastest good writers I've ever seen it's
really impressive by the way one more
compliment if you can stand it can you
stand one more confident I love your
writing style because you I think you
optimize for uh the the quick read on
the internet and then when it goes to
book form it's so easy to read you don't
have all these words to show off hey I
know a vocabulary word look at this look
at this yeah so so you're one of the
most approachable writers and let me
tell you what I liked about the book
um
you don't often
see the whole picture uh in one place so
you can get a sense of the feel we get
fed a little bit of the news at a time
and you don't realize that it's it that
is forming a larger picture but what you
did was was fill out that larger picture
and added a lot of detail and I really
enjoyed that because it just changes
your whole frame of thinking so some
specific questions
um
by the name by the name of the book
people are going to think this is going
to be about the fraud allegations but
it's not
um tell me why you de-emphasize that you
do cover it but you de-emphasized it
right so I have a chapter about the vote
and that includes the fraud allegations
I also have an appendix where you can go
and see all of the major legal cases and
where they are and what some of the
major fraud allegations are but I only
focus on that toward the end because
while voting and vote counting are
obviously the most important things that
happen in an election they're also the
last things that happen and if you don't
look at the election as a whole you're
missing the bigger picture we have to
zoom out a little bit so I do that in
this book I kind of say let's look at
the forest and not just at this very
important clump of trees let's take a
wider View and I want to say first what
my conclusion is obviously it's in the
title neither free nor fair this was an
election that was set up in a way that
was almost impossible for Trump to win
and I'm not just saying that after the
fact but throughout the election I was
writing articles about how certain
things were making it very difficult for
Trump to win or were making it almost
certain people couldn't trust the result
and it wasn't just me we had authors
writing even last year the year before
about some of what Dr Robert Epstein was
coming up with and he's not a
conservative he's not a trump supporter
he's a liberal academic but he was
pointing out that the social media
companies that big Tech
they have so much power over the flow of
information that they can change an
election simply by changing their search
algorithms or by reminding people to
vote in certain areas and it looks like
they did that so people have been
warning for quite some time that a lot
of things about this election were
setting up to be unfair to the president
specifically because the people who had
the power to make them unfair were
telling us quite openly and so to people
who are very concerned about voter fraud
and Dominion voting machines and
signature checking
I would say that
the amount of legal
Mickey Mouse stuff that happened with
this election out in the open is
probably much more important than the
fraud that may or may not have happened
in specific places I'm not ruling out
that that had an impact but what we saw
out in the open and up front was so much
more important and people were warning
about it beforehand but let me just tell
you what inspired me to think about it
this way I spent a lot of time in
southern Africa I actually worked in
South Africa for four years I studied
there for a couple of years and I was
there during the time when Zimbabwe was
collapsing I had been to Zimbabwe once
very nice country very nice people
Highly Educated people they had a very
successful agricultural economy they
were doing all right they were sort of a
post-liberation success story and then
Robert Mugabe decided he was going to
rig elections basically so he started
doing it and he started doing a lot of
things in addition to that like
suppressing the opposition media
throwing his opponents in jail that sort
of thing
in 2005 there was an election there and
there were a bunch of international
observers and people went there and said
well you know the voting went okay
people put their ballots in boxes and
the counting happened and there wasn't
any violence so this election was okay
because the voting was okay and some
other organizations especially Human
Rights Watch which is on the left they
said no no you can't just look at
election day look at all the months
leading up to the election look at the
suppression of the opposition look at
the violence in the streets by the time
people came to the polling place they
didn't have the freedom to choose
another option they knew that there was
so much pressure on them their vote
would eventually be found out by
somebody and they would be punished if
they voted for the opposition so if you
just focus in on Election Day or the
election
mechanism the Machinery the counting
you're missing the bigger picture so I
said what's the bigger picture here in
the U.S election of 2020 and it turns
out there's an international set of
criteria put out by something called the
interparliamentary union we're not part
of it because we're not a parliament we
have a congress it works differently but
basically it's dozens and dozens of
democratic countries have come together
and formed this set of criteria for free
and fair elections and our election
violated those and violated those in
some very important ways one of the most
important criteria for example is you
have to be able to express political
opinions without interference well that
didn't happen I mean we had all kinds of
interference you couldn't show up at a
trump rally without fearing that you
might be attacked by somebody a counter
protester antifa something like that you
couldn't put up a trump yard sign you
couldn't say that you disagreed with
black lives matter you might lose your
job your business might get tagged with
graffiti p people were really scared
about expressing their opinions and we
know from survey data that Republicans
were much more scared than Democrats
some of the other criteria you have to
have the ability to share information
and obtain information well you couldn't
do that in this election either because
when the hunter laptop Hunter Biden
laptop story came out the social media
companies just crushed it and the
mainstream media didn't cover it and CNN
actually said we want more of this kind
of censorship this is great the system
worked great axios which is normally
very reliable they applauded this they
said that the defense systems that we
built against stories like these they
worked so nobody knows about Hunter
Biden's laptop then after the election
Jack Dorsey at Twitter says okay well we
made a mistake we shouldn't have done
this but the point is during the
election you couldn't get crucial
information about candidates and so on
and on I go through example after
example of how we go down on the on this
election from from those standards one
of the most shocking examples happened
even earlier involving the group called
sleeping Giants and what they did to
Breitbart and I'd kind of sort of had a
vague understanding of that story but
when you actually see it told you know
all the parts put together and it it
just blew my head off quickly tell the
story of Sleeping Giants and how they
took breakbart off the field basically
well the the happy ending is they didn't
really take us off the field in a sense
because we developed ways to work around
them but the sad part is for a lot of
other media organizations sleeping
Giants really hurt them inadvertently
I'll tell you how that happened it's
it's kind of tragic but funny at the
same time so tell us tell us who they
are and what they did so sleeping Giants
was a group of people on the left who
decided that Breitbart was the problem
that we were the reason Trump had won
the election and this came out of
various news articles at the time in
November
in the mainstream media and people on
the left trying to figure out how Trump
won this election they didn't anticipate
it the polls told them he couldn't how
did he do it and they said well
Breitbart News is the problem because we
have a very active social media
following and when we put out an article
it gets shared by millions of people so
we must be the problem therefore let's
try to destroy Breitbart by boycotting
their advertisers now most of our
advertisers just come to us through
Google ads we don't have a lot of
separate advertising arrangements so
what they did was they would take a
screenshot of some headline that they
knew would be objectionable at Breitbart
you know Milo yiannopoulos used to write
at Breitbart so they would take one of
his old columns which were intentionally
provocative and then they'd make sure
that it appeared next to a brand on
breitbart's website you can do this
because if you if you search enough
terms in Google Google ads will send you
things related to those Search terms you
know if I look up a Las Vegas hotel for
the next week or two weeks I get Las
Vegas hotel advertisements and all the
web pages I've visit even if I've
already booked a hotel you know back in
the days when people used to travel so
so they used to game it that way where
they would set up an ad and an
objectionable screen grab from Breitbart
and then they would send it to the
company saying hey do you know your ads
are running next to this hateful
headline and they would teach the
companies how to take their particular
ad out of the Google rotation on
Breitbart
so they did this in many many uh
instances I think they they claim
thousands of advertisers or whatever and
they were covered extensively by the
media the New York Times actually put
out an op-ed explaining to people how to
do this how to boycott Breitbart News
this is New York New York Times
explaining how to destroy a competitor
basically right and every time these
guys were interviewed in the media the
media Protected Their anonymity so they
were hiding behind this Twitter account
sleeping Giants and you know a
journalist is supposed to find out who
people are you protect sources in some
cases but
here they were just trying to protect
these individuals from any kind of
scrutiny eventually The Daily Caller did
some detective work they figured out who
these people were and they turned out to
be two ad Executives and nothing
happened to them I mean they didn't
suffer any you know real consequences or
anything they had no reason to be
anonymous they were celebrated in fact
they went on CNN and they did a whole
media tour no but was this uh related to
or completely separate from the fact
that Google just took you off the search
uh algorithm yeah it was it was separate
but related in the sense that
Google took us off the search algorithm
slowly over time and then finally this
past May there was a major algorithm
update where we just disappeared
entirely from Google you search Google
you can't find Breitbart search results
unless you search with the word
Breitbart and part of the headline and
even then you don't get it if you search
for an article I wrote Today on Google
you'll get all of the sort of uh
spam websites that steal our content but
you won't get our website and if you
Google me apparently I don't come up
until page seven of the search results
on Google associated with Breitbart but
if you go on bing.com and do the same
search it's like the first thing that
comes up so Google's obviously trying to
trying to stop us
yeah is this the first time in history
that the media was powerful enough to
just make major stories and in fact
entire entities disappear
because has that been something that
always happened and we just didn't
notice or is it a new capability
it's a new capability because it's
Universal I'm sure there are times in
the past where in the late 19th century
let's say the era of yellow journalism
where you had specific Publications that
took very partisan lines I'm sure they
made news they didn't like disappear but
you could just go and buy another
newspaper and get a totally different
perspective that's not new what is new
is that Google controls 90 of the search
traffic and you know if you want to be
in in the in the debate you've got to be
on Twitter so these social media Giants
basically control the media uh they're
basically the editors for the mainstream
media they decide what content is and so
they have an unprecedented amount of
control so they can really make
something disappear almost everywhere so
if you were to rank on a scale of one to
ten all of the things that influence the
selection in ways not intended by the
framers uh 10 is the worst would you say
that the social media manipulation would
be the the highest on the scale uh
compared to even fraud at this point you
fraud allegations yeah I I would because
the primary way especially when we're
all sitting at home right I mean the
pandemic definitely exacerbates one of
these things but the primary way we're
getting information is through these big
Tech Giants and they play an enormous
role in the kind of information people
receive people imagine that things
happened because they're told they did
but perhaps they didn't likewise people
don't know things that happen that are
very important that are just edited out
of the picture
um so you know the the story of the
hunter Biden laptop is a great example I
mean Facebook said immediately they were
going to suppress the story they said it
outright they're one of their
spokespeople said in an announcement
we're going to suppress traffic to this
story until it goes through our fact
checking now I don't know I don't know
if they ever came up with a result from
their fact checking but you know it just
never got reported people but but since
when is that a standard do they just
make up a standard for that one story
because half of the news is speculation
and that's the important part right so
the Atlantic did a story on Labor Day
weekend that President Trump had called
soldiers at this one Cemetery uh suckers
and losers and it had four Anonymous
sources and everybody who was with him
that day said it didn't happen and so
forth but that story made it around the
world and I think you pointed out at the
time it was a very effective hoax
because it would go right at the
military voters that Trump needed to
bring to the polls and even if it just
shaved off two or three percent I mean
look at Georgia Georgia I think has one
of the highest percentages of military
uh veterans living in the state
you know look how much Trump seems to
have lost Georgia by it's a razor thin
margin and maybe there are enough people
who believe that Atlantic story you
don't have to I have to say of all the
things that people talk about and they
say oh that will cost you votes and
Hillary's email costs votes I never hear
anybody say they made a decision based
on any of those things you know maybe
subconsciously but when it came to the
military thing I did hear anecdotes of
people who said screw that guy I'm out
yeah
I think that changed the votes yeah so
so some of the other forces let's let's
get a sizing on them so there was there
was the threat of violence which
suppressed you know ability to to maybe
even vote who for who you wanted to
maybe you thought it would come back to
you
um where would you put that on on the
one to ten list I mean I would say it's
way less than the social media influence
well I think it's less than the social
media influence for a particular reason
which is that the violence also produced
a backlash so one of the things I talk
about in the book is that
the election was quote unquote rigged
legally that is to say the things that
happened that made it unfree and unfair
were mostly legal the exception is the
violence the violence was illegal it was
unlawful obviously uh attacking police
attacking courthouses attacking
individuals attacking homes I mean
that's all illegal well there was also a
voter backlash at least Democrats have
said that they suffered a backlash
particularly in places like Florida
where Hispanic voters moved
really far over toward Trump Biden still
won a small majority of Hispanic voters
in Florida but much less than he needed
to win the state so Trump won the state
and Democrats said it was all that
defund the police stuff that really
killed us that the lawlessness really
turned Hispanic voters against Democrats
in some important communities so I think
it's very important I mean to me that
felt personally the most important I
felt most affected by the the threats of
violence uh you know looking at what
happened to just my community here I
mean the stores boarded up and and
people you know lining up outside gun
stores uh you know just to make sure
they could protect themselves at the
same time you've got the leftists in the
streets basically saying defund the
police then the mayor comes out and says
yes okay we'll defund the police for
cutting 150 million dollars I mean
that's scary
let me related to that let me let me uh
bring up the one thing that you and I
might have a slight opinion disagreement
okay
on this
um
which is you know the extent of uh let's
say shy voters for example what's your
opinion on whether or not those shy
voters existed and specifically the
question of why is it that Trump weirdly
did uh much better than expected with
the groups that he should have been most
demonized by the example you gave plus
uh black voters increased but then
suspiciously he seemed to have not uh
did he actually lose or just he didn't
gain among his core you know white
Working Class People well isn't it
suspicious that his core who should have
been the happiest because he delivered
the most based on what he promised he
would deliver on you would expect that
you'd get you know at least a few more
of them because they'd say yeah you know
I I was almost there last time but yeah
he delivered for the group he said he
would deliver and I'm in that group
does that feel I I know you're uh I I
I'm gonna compliment you again the the
unbiased way that you approached the
allegations of fraud given that you're
associated with Breitbart was actually
impressive the amount of restraint you
had of just sticking to what is known
versus what is not known but I look at
this and I think that is one of the
strangest outcomes that his core base
was the thing that didn't improve and
everything else did
so but but you looked at that and kind
of said uh oh and you also said that the
uh the fact that uh there was a
difference between the down ballot
result which Republicans did well versus
Trump at the top didn't well would be
would this suggests that it's a a valid
Vote or suggests a lack of fraud as the
explanation but I would say maybe it
doesn't say that I don't think it says
anything I don't rule it out I just I
just think that there are
explanations for some of the anomalies
that that fit
a non-fraud universe so I'm not saying
there wasn't fraud in fact I think the
conditions were created where fraud
would be a lot easier to commit and this
is
where I come in with a story of Mark
Elias I mean this to me is the most
outrageous thing about the whole
election that this guy Mark Elias who
was Hillary Clinton's lawyer in 2016.
he's the guy who paid Fusion GPS to
create the Russian dossier and then he
comes back and he sues all these states
to lower their standards in 2020 so they
can accept all these absentee ballots
and signatures yeah I I gotta tell you
that at the very top of my notes is uh
Mark Elias because when I when I read
that you know I I see lots of
disconnected things in the news and I'm
not so good at connecting them all but
when you told me that he was the steel
dossier guy and the main character that
got the rules changed that probably
changed the entire fate of the universe
and
it's just this guy it's just one this
one guy he did both of those things and
I'm thinking man I think the world needs
to know a little bit more about Mark
yeah it's interesting because you think
there'd be some kind of law against that
or he'd be inspired or whatever no but
here's the even funnier thing I mean
this is sort of a PostScript to the
whole story there's a congressional race
in Iowa where the Republican is leading
by six votes it's one of the closest
races in history she won by six votes
Mark Elias is representing the Democrat
in that election trying to overturn the
result so he's out there on social media
with Democrats and journalists saying
hey Donald Trump's trying to overturn
the result of the election he's going to
court Mark Elias isn't just going to
court in this congressional district in
Iowa he's actually planning to ask Nancy
Pelosi to convene this special Committee
in the house which can decide these
close elections and have the House of
Representatives declare that the
Democrat actually won the race even
though the Republican has six more votes
so I mean this guy will find any way to
try to win he's an interesting character
I mean you know in a sense there's honor
among Thieves you kind of take off your
hat and say well you know well done and
everything like that but it's really
creepy anyway but your question is
really about the fraud you know it could
there have been fraud
um I think there could have been
and what's interesting is that the the
kind of standard Republican story about
fraud may be wrong in that the the
standard story is they found all these
votes in big cities in key swing states
where there are large minority
populations now there is a history and
we know this from some of the
testimonies there is a history of ballot
harvesting in minority communities and
that sort of thing the problem for the
kind of standard Republican explanation
is that turnout among black voters was
actually down in some of these places in
Milwaukee for example
Joe Biden got fewer black votes in 2020
than Hillary Clinton got in 2016. so
where was the ballot harvesting where
were all these funny new ballots coming
from they would have to have been coming
from the suburbs not from the city so
that would tend to reinforce your point
that maybe the shenanigans weren't among
these groups that Trump was supposed to
do poorly among maybe the shenanigans
were among the white working class
voters that were his base but there are
other explanations also I mean the
Breitbart explanation
or I should say this is an opinion of
many people at Breitbart is that
Trump got sidetracked
because the most important issues for
sort of typical white working class
voters were things like trade and
immigration and instead Trump reached
out to these other groups of Voters with
things like prison reform and while that
gained him a lot of votes among
minorities maybe it lost him votes among
white working class voters who wanted to
see more action on the border wall I
mean I don't know
um but but you know I don't know I
haven't talked to anybody who would
change a vote because of prison reform
no and I think that it probably is a net
positive for him I mean you know I think
it was a very good issue for him also it
makes it easier for some white Suburban
liberal voters uh who might quietly want
to support Trump to say well you know
he's doing the right thing on these
racial issues I can feel comfortable
supporting him he's not a racist after
all so it's I think it's it's helpful
there
I I think that for a lot of
this is sort of a weird Paradox for a
lot of white males all right I guess I
can say this because I'm one of them
[Music]
there's an incredible amount of pressure
in this environment to prove that you're
not the problem and I think there's a
lot of signaling that goes on whether or
not people actually vote this way but it
probably has some level affects at least
some votes there's a lot of signaling
you kind of want to preserve yourself in
this new world and the way you do that
is by moving to the left the one
demographic group Trump did worse on in
2020 was was white males he did better
with every other group including white
females he did better with every other
demographic group but he lost support
among white males I think both middle
class and working class and I think
that's partly because of this pressure I
think you know when you look at the
black lives matter and the cancel
culture and all of that it's almost like
a vote for self-preservation to say Hey
you know I actually voted for the other
guy I I'm not I'm not the problem
yeah you know I've I've made the point
that you could ignore everything that is
uh claimed about fraud and and
everything else and just look at whether
there was a force keeping people from
witnessing the transparency of the the
ballot counting so what do you think of
that argument that uh as long as you
have Force keeping people from looking
to make sure the ballot is done
correctly that you've already lost the
Republic you haven't just lost the
election you've lost the Republic
because yeah whoever can apply force is
the government
right and there's another element to
that also which is the legitimacy of
force so
when Joe Biden said during the campaign
that he was recruiting I think 10 000
volunteers to help make sure there was
no chicanery that was his word I
remember now chicanery you know Trump
Trump's going to try to steal the
election Biden actually said that on The
Daily Show Trump's going to steal the
election so it's not as if Republicans
are the only ones talking about fraud
but anyway Biden said in advance we're
getting 10 000 volunteers
and the media covered it like it was
great he's going to stop Trump from
stealing the election what a great civic
duty these people are performing then
when Trump said I want to go recruit
thousands of poll Watchers the media
reported it as if he were recruiting
Army of thugs
um when it was the same exact thing I
mean that's people who go and walk I've
been a poll Watcher so
I can let me tell you a little bit about
my story as a poll Watcher and and my
experience with some of this I was a
poll Watcher in 2008 in Portsmouth New
Hampshire
and I was the only Republican there and
there were five Democrats in the same
little area very heavily Democratic area
and I raised an objection at that time
because the voters were handing their
ballots in face up which meant that the
person taking the ballot could see who
they voted for and it just so happened
that the person taking their ballot was
a senior official in a local Democratic
party so in my mind I thought this
creates a possible intimidation do you
really want the senior official and the
local Democratic party to see you voting
for so I objected and I said hey you got
to tell people to turn their ballots
over so they're face down and I was told
no you don't have to do that don't be
ridiculous so I called the hotline or
whatever it was and the State Attorney
General's office called the polling
station and says no you really should
tell them to turn it face down so they
did they changed in the middle of the
day they started putting the ballot in
face down but I got dirty looks from
everyone else in the room for the rest
of the day you know it's hard to be that
guy so whether there's actual force or
not you know if you're a republican poll
of Watcher and a democratic Precinct do
you want to make sure nobody's cheating
or whatever and are you going to be the
one to uh to raise the objection when
you're completely outnumbered and let's
say you're not a well you know I don't
know if you're my suggestion the other
day but my suggestion was that all the
uh observers the the Bell accounting
Witnesses should be required to be
attorneys so you you have a background
in the law and my my thing is that the
average person will back down from a
fight right but somebody trained as a
lawyer the fight is why you're there you
know right right you're not going to
back down that's why you do so I
wouldn't send you know I wouldn't send a
poodle into a pit bull fight you know
right so send your pitbulls so right A
lot of these voting districts there's
there there are Republicans who are
intimidated who are outnumbered and yeah
who can be excluded or or feel that they
can't raise objections and and
um and but again there's an element of
the media to this as well because
Democrat poll Watchers are good
Republican poll Watchers are you know
proud boy white supremacists I mean
that's that's part of what happened in
this election was we had such extreme
media bias that one entire side of the
political argument was delegitimized
wow all right so for those of anybody
joining us we're here with uh Joel
Pollock in his new book just came out
neither free nor fair talking about all
the the various elements that went into
making this election less than fair
would you be in favor of section 230 the
removing of uh protections from the
social media companies so they could be
sued if they're if they allow somebody
to say something bad on their platform
right now they can't be sued well let me
say I I think that the tech companies
have to have some consequences for what
for what happened so so I definitely
agree that they've abused their power
and
let me say this about section 230 the
first time I ever heard the section 230
argument I thought it was kind of a weak
weapon to use against the tech companies
and that's because they're so wealthy
that suing them for let's say defamation
which is one of the main reasons to to
have that section 230 protection right
if they if they're not responsible for
what people publish on their platforms
then they can't be sued if people
publish false things but if they are
responsible they can be sued for
deformation but how much does a
defamation lawsuit really cost Facebook
you know how much is it really going to
cost Google you know a few hundred
million dollars a year I mean that's
well it's enough to put all of their
potential and future competition out of
business so Twitter Twitter can pay the
legal fees but parlors gone tomorrow
right parlor's going that's absolutely
right so I think that the question is
then whether you eliminate section 230
or you just say it's not applicable to
these companies anymore because they
fall so far outside of it now that
they've started policing content one way
or another whether it's moving them out
of section 230 or using Anti-Trust uh
litigation I mean Google's now under
this Anti-Trust litigation from the
government I know some people at Google
who are laughing it off they say oh you
know we can get out of any of these
lawsuits so they're not even taking it
seriously but we'll see I mean I I do
think that they've abused their power
they have a complete Monopoly on search
engines with Google they have a monopoly
on public discourse with Twitter and
they've abused it I mean it's it's kind
of incredible because when you look at
again the two stories that we want to
compare the Atlantic story about suckers
and losers and the hunter Biden laptop
story there was no evidence in the
Atlantic story except for four Anonymous
sources the hunter Biden laptop story
had physical evidence I mean they had
they had you know a computer plus it had
corroborating evidence I mean we were
able to corroborate it at Breitbart
because one of Hunter Biden's old
business partners who's now in federal
prison gave us his email password and
said go into my email account here are
all the emails you know independently of
this laptop here are all the emails so
we were like oh yeah here are the emails
these are real emails they're right here
hello you know but
you know the media wouldn't cover it so
uh my preferred way to attack this would
be to require that you could turn off
their algorithm
so basically maybe some kind of a law
that says a uh artificial intelligence
can't decide what I see
right I can decide what I see and I
might decide to take your algorithm if
it gives me some advantages that I I
think are a good trade-off but I don't
think the algorithm should decide what a
human sees I think a human needs to
decide now if a human editor
decides what I'm going to say
you know then maybe I could look at some
other publication if I don't like that
one but if the AI does it I just don't
know what I didn't see that feels like
that should just be banned by
um you know at some point you have to
start thinking about making
constitutional changes to adapt to the
fact that AIS and and algorithms are a
bigger part of our reality I mean
they're they're almost entities that
need some kind of you know dealing with
as if they're perpetrators to a crime
right you know the Constitutional point
is a really important one if the
government were doing what Facebook and
Twitter did in this election then we
would have no problem seeing it as
completely out of bounds censorship
control and all of that and and they're
more powerful than the government really
they they can really shut things down
now again some of these algorithms are
useful I mean my kids love YouTube for
example being able to control more or
less what your kids see and do on
YouTube is very useful you know and and
you know if they watch a movie about uh
puppy dogs I want the algorithm to serve
them another movie about puppy dogs you
know not not to uh give them something
else so algorithms can be useful when
you can opt into them but there has to
be some kind of Adult Swim you know
where where are they're not telling us
what we can and can't see and look it
also requires us to be intelligent
consumers of information and to be able
to learn to spot the fake news you know
you've done that exceptionally well with
so many different stories right and left
I mean the the Georgia story I talk
about the Georgia story with the
surveillance video uh a little bit but
you you picked apart some of the things
that might
um be wrong in the sort of instant
conservative social media interpretation
of what happened there I just looked at
that video and I said I know nothing
about what's happening in this video
Even after watching it and the reason I
could say that was just from my
experience because I've been a poll
Watcher and I just know that a lot of
the mistakes that happen are just
incompetence they're not even deliberate
and some sometimes weird things happen
sometimes they're deliberate but they
don't matter let me give you another
example of that
um there was one election where
candidates were going around and giving
candy to the poll Watchers and and the
election officials now that looks like a
violation because they're campaigning
inside the polling places but when it
got kicked up to the
attorney general or whoever the law
enforcement they said well yeah but
they're also just kind of saying thank
you they're not saying vote for me
they're just kind of giving out candy so
yeah it's kind of not so good but you
know we're just gonna let it fly so well
the concept of reciprocity would would
say that it is influencing well of
course it is so I'm just saying things
like that happen all the time and
you know it I don't know how you you get
rid of something like that
um now there has to be some kind of
solution though because this vote by
mail thing
is going to continue to be a problem I
mean what's really crazy about this
election was we changed the rules in the
middle of the election
because one side wanted it and the other
side didn't and it still went ahead
anyway the vote by mail let me ask you
about what to give me a prediction
because you've got a legal background so
you can do this better than I can so
they're good they're going to take uh
looks looks like Ted Cruz might argue if
it gets to the Supreme Court the
Pennsylvania case where the the rules
were changed but they weren't changed
through a legislative process therefore
it wasn't constitutional
but it yet it was a change that maybe if
they had voted they would have voted for
it because it was solving a specific
problem you know the coronavirus and
turnout Etc
I'm predicting that even though it's a
slam dunk in terms of the law like it
clearly was unconstitutional
unambiguously
but I'll bet that the Supreme Court is
still going to let us stand so they
don't disenfranchise voters what do you
think
right so that's exactly correct the
courts are terrified of being accused of
disenfranchising Voters they really do
not want to be seen as having done that
and probably the the strongest legal
case is the one in Wisconsin actually
you know I've had a chance not to look
through all of them the Wisconsin
authorities allowed hundreds of
thousands of people to claim that they
were indefinitely confined and so they
didn't have to show voter ID to apply to
vote by mail I think in 2016 something
like 9 000 people in Wisconsin voted as
indefinitely confined and this year it
was like like a hundred thousand now you
can argue people working definitely
confined right right but you know the
the law really hadn't been changed yet
or whatever whatever exception there was
hadn't been expanded here's the
interesting thing about Pennsylvania
this this is this is the tough thing so
wait wait wait you have to finish that
point that doesn't sound like a strong
case to me
it's the kind of strong case we're
talking about where
because the election officials relax the
rules what that meant was you could
basically apply to vote by mail without
showing voter ID so for the let's say 80
000 or so people who were legitimate
voters who were stuck at home who just
took advantage of this new leniency but
you know they would have done it the
right way anyway if they could get out
of their house no problem it's it's
still just a suspicion that something
went wrong right I don't see how you
could possibly win that
that's what most of these cases are like
they're not actually going fraud they're
saying you change the rules in a way
that makes fraud possible so that that's
that's what most of these arguments are
the Pennsylvania one is interesting and
this this is where I think the
sequencing really matters because it
tells us what the real problem is so the
story I knew until researching for this
book is the same one you just told which
is that Pennsylvania changed some of
their voting rules and that may have
been unconstitutional
it turns out we know more or less how
many votes were affected by those
changes probably around in the area of
10 000 votes not enough to to change the
result in Pennsylvania if you threw them
all out here's the crazy thing
the case in Pennsylvania that Ted Cruz
wants to argue is not about something
that was changed by the Pennsylvania
courts and it's not about something that
was changed by the Pennsylvania
Democratic elected officials it's not
about something that was changed outside
the state legislature it's about
something that was changed by the state
legislature so so the big complaint is
that all these changes happened outside
the state legislatures the state
legislatures are the only ones with the
power to do this according to the
Constitution
Pennsylvania's state legislature made a
mail-in ballot law and they did it
before the pandemic they did it last
year
and that's the crazy thing about this so
the case that Ted Cruz wants to argue is
that that law was unconstitutional
because the law itself went against
Pennsylvania's own State Constitution
which bars mail-in voting and the reason
this whole latches thing came in
remember where they said you're too late
to bring this argument was because
Pennsylvania has had a couple of
Elections since that law was passed and
nobody
put up a fight about it but here here's
where Here's Where The Heart of the
matter is and coming back to your
original point about Supreme Court not
wanting to throw out votes
why would Pennsylvania's Republican
state legislature allow these mailing
ballots before the pandemic
and they did the same thing in Georgia
by the way
did they assume there would be more
controls on it you know they'd be more
controlled yes they did they did assume
there'd be more controls but why do they
even go there in the first place and
part of it is convenience you know there
are some voters on both sides who just
don't want to have to go to the polls
but part of it is that Democrats have
managed to frame the discussion around
voting
to say that unless you can register
every little political impulse
as a vote
you are guilty of racism it is racist to
make it difficult to vote the idea is
that the voters who are at least
motivated or least capable let's say of
voting are minorities and that let's say
let's say at least motivated at least
motivated well this Mark Elias Guy this
is I mean this guy is amazing right Mark
Elias five years ago argued against
mail-in ballots you know now he's
arguing for mail-in ballots five years
ago he argued against him because he
said that black voters have lower levels
of educational attainment and would have
trouble filling out the forms that's
literally what he said five years ago
and now you know he's the big mail and
vote guy so he'll he'll find any
argument that works to help Democrats
he'll use but
um there's this idea and somehow both
parties subscribe to it which is kind of
weird but it's a racist idea basically
that
black voters are less motivated and less
organized that's why Democrats don't
want voter ID they say that it excludes
minority voters that's why Republicans
do want voter ID they think minority
voters are more likely to be manipulated
and so forth and and we're all kind of
looking for this
fraud or lack of fraud you know in
minority voting communities and I'm not
even sure that the evidence backs that
up it's like that Milwaukee example I
mean fewer people voted for Biden in the
black community in Milwaukee the votes
that came in for Biden were from the
suburbs so do we really even understand
what the problems are in voting I don't
think we really do but nevertheless we
have this idea that any kind of
restriction or Safeguard anything that
might cause some friction when you try
to vote is inherently racist and so
that's true of every every change of
anything that affects lots of people
right there's there's nothing I can't
even think of anything that would have a
uniform effect on people it just doesn't
work that way no
it doesn't I mean and Van Jones who you
know you've often pointed out is one of
the most honest people on the left said
that he he thought that the even though
he was very disappointed in the 2020
election results because he wanted
Democrats to sweep everything he said
one of the positive spin-offs is that
Republicans might realize that some of
the low propensity voters
are also their voters that that Hispanic
voters for example might not be
motivated they came out in force for
Republicans again Biden won Hispanic
voters overall but in some places in the
country where crime is a real issue like
Texas border counties the most heavily
Latino counties in America went went for
Trump yeah you know and and nobody could
understand in advance that that would
happen
but here in California for example uh
Trump I think got 12 percent of the
Hispanic vote in 2016 and he got
something like 33 in 2020 and part of it
is black lives matter and defund the
police I mean Hispanic voters feel
threatened by crime and also it's a
school shutdowns and and and the
business shutdowns that are keeping
people from working but
you know there's there's
problem there's a problem with vote by
mail which is that Republicans
distrusted
and there's got to be some way and you
know you've suggested it with uh voting
encryption technology where you have
some kind of identity key there's got to
be a way of doing remote voting so that
you can get the maximum number of people
to vote so there's no problem of access
or friction or anything like that but
also have maximum security Now the
problem is I don't know that people
actually have an interest in solving
this problem I mean we've been talking
about fixing the election system for 20
years and usually if a problem persists
for 20 years it's because there's
somebody with an interest in not fixing
it so you know I don't know that we're
ever going to get to the bottom of this
but
I do think we can look again at the
broader picture we need to insist on
this principle of fairness we can't just
go into elections where one side's news
is is just completely censored I mean
they censored the president of the
United States and
it's kind of Unthinkable but that's what
happened and the other thing that
happened that was crazy to me and I
wrote about this in the middle of the
election saying that people on either
side no matter how this election turns
out they're going to have reason to be
upset about it because of the military I
mean the military is supposed to be
apolitical but all of a sudden you had
all these officers
stating what their opinions were most of
them were retired officers who were
blasting Trump
but there was this one extraordinary
example where the chief of staff the
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Mark milley gave a speech in which he
apologized for being with Trump when he
walked across Lafayette Square you know
around the black lives matter protest
and there were all this there was all
this fake news about how Trump cleared
out peaceful protests using tear gas I
mean that never happened it couldn't
have happened Trump couldn't have walked
across the square right after tear gas
had been deployed I mean he wouldn't
have been able to walk across just you
know if you know if you've been around
tear gas
um which thankfully I haven't but my
wife has you can't just walk across a
place where there's just been a lot of
tear gas but Mark Miller walked with him
and then he apologized saying that you
know the military should avoid the
appearance of getting involved in
politics well it was a ridiculous
apology because it wasn't really a
political gesture he was basically just
supporting the president in a call for
Law and Order which the military
ought to be involved in but he was also
admitting to Democrats that he had done
something political so I wrote now he's
got himself in a bind because now he's
admitting that either way he did
something political he's the head of the
military effectively the only guy who's
below Donald Trump and and the military
has now intervened in the election I
mean whether you're a democrat or a
republican no matter how this thing
turns out you know you have cost for a
complaint why is the military making
political statements on either side
and you know we just we lost our
bearings in this election and largely
because of fake news but we really lost
our bearings yeah it does it does feel
like the uh the whole psychological
structure that held the company the
country together for so many years is is
dissolving in lots of different parts
all at the same time it's like a massive
system failure that wasn't one thing
although the fake news I would argue is
the thing that broke all the other
things yeah yeah so it was that uh but
I'm an optimist I think I think we uh
build back better
yeah exactly
I don't mind that slogan because it
works for me uh as an optimist whether
you're making America great again or
building back better I'm all for it but
I do think we're we're uniquely good in
this country at breaking our own stuff
so we can make it better this got broken
for us but we're kind of used to fixing
stuff we're real good at this so I'm
optimistic hey Joel what why don't we uh
kind of uh bring it to uh close here and
um I'm going to finish reading your book
I've I've got most of it done here and
like I said it's just a tremendous uh
tremendous picture that you don't get to
see if you're only seeing a news bit at
a time but when you pulled it all
together it's just uh quite a valuable
piece here it's called neither free nor
fair the 2020 U.S presidential elections
and if you want to follow Joel on at
Twitter that would be at Joel Pollock
and the Pollock part is spelled
p-o-l-l-a-k don't you dare put a c in
there yeah and uh is there anything you
you'd like to close with
well just this that I think it will help
people who are feeling frustrated when
they see these voter fraud cases being
dismissed or the media ignoring them I
think the book will help by putting it
into perspective in other words I think
people are obsessing about Dominion
voting machines and some of these other
problems because they have the sense
that something was wrong the voter fraud
issue is the way we're talking about
what went wrong but really there is a
bigger picture thing that went wrong and
I think this book will help you name
what that bigger picture thing is it was
the lack of fairness and the lack of
Freedom that's really what this was yeah
very good that that was exactly the
context that was missing from the
conversation and and you've added that
so thank you for joining us hope the uh
hope the viewers watched uh watching
enjoyed it as much as I did and I'll
I'll talk to you later thank you