ba-ba-ba-ba-ba right on time
look at me filing finally being
organized after a week if not yeah come
on in here it's good to see all of you
grab a seat near the front we're gonna
have a fun time today sometimes the news
is just fun sometimes it's horrible
disasters today few horrible disasters
but there's moments mostly it's just fun
so you know what to do if you want to
have the maximum enjoyment of this
periscope it doesn't take much very
little on your part actually do you have
the peak experience of your day which
would make all the rest of the day
amazing all you need is the coupler
motor of glasses time to tell us
attacker to thermos last I can't eat a
vessel of any kind fill it with your
favorite liquid I like coffee and join
me now for the unparalleled pleasure of
the simultaneous up go oh my god it gets
better every day I love coffee can I add
Grail
yes I can Grail all right so the new new
theme song will be covering Margaret
Gladstein the chalice of tanker a
thermos flask EMT and Grail or a vessel
of any kind done now that's what I call
responsive to the audience beat that you
can't I want to talk about the Democrat
debate again because it turns out it's
the it's the newzeas thing happening
because it gives us something to talk
about that people are still talking
about and it takes it sometimes it takes
a day or two to sink in what it is that
you exactly feel about something yes I
do smell my coffee like my sense of
smell returned after twelve years and it
is delightful
but talking about the debate so there's
some additional let's say observations
and analysis coming out the the first
thing that I would say is that the top
three candidates on the stage the top of
polling Democrats are completely
unelectable and I think that fact is
starting to become more obvious somebody
is asking if I'm going to be throwing
f-bombs today probably not
it's all fun today and so here's why I
think the top three are unelectable
Biden do I have to even say I mean I
even I'm starting to feel not even
starting I've been feeling for a while
actually bad for Biden and his situation
and bad I feel bad for his family and
his friends and stuff I think he's been
you know somebody who's tried to be a
good servant to the country I don't
believe he's yeah I mean you could argue
whether he was or not but I think he's
you know a well-meaning good citizen
Patriot kind of a guy and and I feel bad
because he's literally falling apart and
from the public now if you haven't seen
the clip of Biden answering the question
about institutional racism I think it
was if you haven't seen his answer to
that you don't know exactly what I'm
talking about but his answer was so
mentally incompetent and I'm not trying
to put any spin on this I'm not I'm
trying not to speak as a pro Trump guy
you know saying oh the other side is so
dumb and they do dumb thing I'm being as
clinical and trying to be as objective
as possible Biden just doesn't have
control of his faculties it's very
obvious and it's also obvious that the
Democrats see it as clearly as you and I
see it everybody sees it now tell me one
person who think it show me one person
who will go on television on CNN or will
go on television and am
MSNBC and on the on the risk of their
personal reputation we'll say in public
they think Biden is the best choice for
president I don't think there's a person
honestly I don't think you could put one
of his one of his advisers is Simone
somebody and I don't know that you could
put her on CNN and have her look at the
public and say yeah Joe Biden is
definitely the right he's the best
choice for president it's kind of down
to no one
sony says wad williams you know
once he's got a role he has to play so I
think that's sort of a special case but
I don't I think we can all agree the
Biden it has no chance of being
president he might get a you know
anything could happen he could get
nominated but he doesn't have any chance
of winning his matchup against Trump
would just be devastating and I would I
would honestly just feel sorry for him I
in fact I would say Biden is so weak
that Trump might not even run against
him meaning that he might not even have
to address him you just just say what
he's going to do for the country and say
you know they nominated Joe they
probably wish they hadn't you know what
to do like I don't even think he would
have to criticize him specifically
because it's just so obvious at this
point all right then you go down to
Warren number two most people assume
that she would be the one to get it if
if Biden doesn't but I I learned an
interesting thing which I guess I hadn't
been paying attention enough to the
health care policies yeah and I read
that Warren's health care proposal and
remember Warren is the one with all the
plans so the one you trust to have
complete thought about policies at a
time is Warren it turns out that her
health care plan and remember health
care is really the sort of the biggest
domestic topic her plan is to backed
Bernie's plan explicitly like actually
literally to say she
his plan and has actually done so now
that's not very leadership II even if
it's a good plan and even if it makes
perfect sense not to have two plans that
look the same but the trouble is that
birdies planned for health care is why
he can't get elected in all likelihood
so she's adopting the weakest part of
birdy
the health care problem now the problem
with health care as a as a campaign
topic is this even if you had a better
plan let's say hypothetically that
Medicare for all was a better plan for
the whole country now what I mean by
better is that it gives access to
everybody and and it's and it's
affordable right
so that would be better access for
everybody and affordable sure there
might be some quality differences and
asked me factored in maybe wait times
and other things so that all has to be
factored in let's say hypothetically you
could make a case that on average
Medicare for all was a better system
birdy actually says it'll save money
let's say economists this is just
hypothetical
I'm not telling you this is true I'm
just saying hypothetically if you could
imagine Medicare for all being
unambiguously better for the country in
general is still wouldn't work as a
campaign thing here's why the people who
have private and health insurance
through their companies and are happy
with it are going to vote against
anybody who wants to change that so you
have too many people who were above
average in health care who would be
brought down to the average the people
who are below health care in other words
they don't have any or it's too
expensive might be brought up to a
better average all of those people could
be reasonably could be reasonably
expected to have a preference for the
person who would bring them from no
health care up to having some health
care
right but all of the people above the
line many of them Democrats don't have a
single chance of voting for the thing
that takes away their good health care
you know they work for a big company
they've got coverage all they're doing
is taking their good health care taking
all their advantages away bringing them
down to the average and taking their
money their money after they were
brought down in the quality of their
health care they still have to take some
extra money and give it to the people
below the average to bring them up to
the average so you can't win with
Medicare for all
as you were campaign central theme
because the people above the average
aren't gonna know what's going on and
they're gonna say you know I can vote
for my self-interest our system not only
allows that it kind of encourages it
you know we're allowed to vote for
what's you know good for me I'm a voter
I'll just vote for it what's good for me
that's our system we all agree that's
the system so with that health care for
all just can't win so Warren is not
competitive because she's not going to
back off on that that's sort of central
to the whole deal then you go down to
Bernie and Bernie's the funniest comment
I saw about Bernie I don't know which
sort of captured it all for me
well as I guess it was I think it was a
B Huntsman said this on the view here's
her quote she said quote Bernie looked
like he crawled out of a garbage can
last night nailed it
that that's the clever the more clever
version of what I was saying on
periscope which is that you can't
discount the look of it all you people
want their President to represent them
not just militarily economically not
just politically but them you want your
president to be a reflection in some way
of you and Bernie does that worse than
anybody because he's such a bad visual
that you say to yourself I kind of like
his policies maybe
but I don't want him representing me
he's not my brand he looks like he
crawled that in the garbage can as
Huntsman said and then he was all red
and screeching and boring with his
statistics so you his popularity is
capped he can't possibly win also
because of the socialist policies so
what do you do when your top three
people really can't win maybe there's
still some Democrats who are thinking
well maybe Elizabeth Warren can pull it
through but I'll bet that belief will
fade over time as well at the moment
they still have the polls in their favor
because the polls are very artificial
now because when you're really pulling
against President Trump you're not
really comparing the two candidates at
this point in the process what you're
really saying is you know do you want
Trump to be President it's sort of just
that and then people say no I'm a high
Trump but until he gets a specific
target to to demolish you have no idea
what what the polls are gonna end up we
have no information until until the
Trump is over the target site and starts
opening the bombuh to your doors so if
you've got your top three are sort of
clearly unelectable and I think that's a
view that honestly I think the Democrats
already share at least the people with
money don't you think give me some
feedback here do you think that the
Democrats already know that the top
three polling Democrats have no chance
of winning do you think they know that
because I think they do it feels like
it's obvious now so that takes you down
to number four so number four in the
polls is Harris Harris is one of the
worst campaigners I think I've ever seen
now I remind you that a little over a
year ago I predicted her as the nominee
the nominee who would go on to lose to
trump now I'm gonna stick with my
prediction because the prediction always
depended
on the people polling ahead of her to to
fail and we're watching that happening
right now
am i right we are watching the top three
fail and that was the prediction the
prediction was the ones above her would
fail so I looked at a analysis by Joe
Navarro he's an expert on body language
I recommend him in one of his books in
my list of persuasion reading so if you
googled the persuasion reading list
you'll see Joe Navarro's book on body
language and he and I we've had some
conversations on Twitter just brief I
would say disagreements on some body
language stuff so I would say he's
definitely the expert compared to me but
I'm not too bad myself you know I'm more
of an advanced hobbyist on body language
where he's literally you know a
published expert here's what he says
about so you went through the body
language of the various groups and let
me give you some of his takeaways so his
main takeaway is that leadership body
language would look like this so your
your arms would be wide and it would be
slow you know smooth motions you say
blah blah blah so those of you who can
see me I know that if you're listening
to it you don't know what I'm doing but
imagining I'm putting my arms out wide
and I'm moving them smoothly and not too
quickly so that's what Joe Navarro says
is more typically a leadership look do
you remember Bill Clinton he used to do
the thumb and he'd be like it was the
thumb was gave them a little space
basically the more space you take up and
the less for an etic you look you and
the less jerky you look the more leader
lead early you look if you look at Trump
he does the you know the hands out like
this and he does some of this
so Trump does take up some space as well
but let's get to let's get to Harris
you've you've already heard my criticism
of her physical demeanor on stage and
you heard me say that she looked jumpy
like literally I seemed like her
shoulders were going up and down when
she talked and it made her look unleash
early because she was jerky I watched it
again just this morning of the video
clip and there was there was something
happening that she needs to correct
right so here's some free advice for a
camel Harris if you look at again you'll
see that she was wearing that sort of a
shiny blouse underneath their blazer the
blouse was a little just rumpled by just
the position the shoes standing or a
jacket or something the the rumple's on
her her blouse were exaggeratedly
jumping up and down because she was
moving a little so the little bit she
was moving when she was talking you
could see her shoulders sort of going up
and down cause this whole ocean of
motion on her blouse and she's got to
change her blouse I mean actually get a
different material and design of a
blouse because it made her look less
leader literally yes that's not the sort
of thing she could have possibly seen
coming so I wouldn't I wouldn't call it
a mistake in the sense that she should
have seen it as a problem because nobody
would have seen that as a problem now Jo
tomorrow I've made the following comment
that she that she kept her hands to claw
her or elbows too close to her body when
she spoke and I had not picked up on
that but he's totally right the the
elbows in and the jerky motions are
totally non leadership body language and
I and you know how I kept telling you
that she's terrible at this when I said
she's terrible at it did you ever hear
me say that her words are bad no well
I'm saying she's the one of the worst
campaign you know public campaigners
I've ever seen and I've never once said
that the words are wrong the words that
she uses are good enough you know you
could argue that whether
they're the best in the world they're
not but they're totally good enough
earth her her ideas are good enough
she's medium enough you know she's she's
close enough to the the center of the
Democrats that she's better than the top
three I remember I'm not telling you
that you should agree with her words or
thoughts from policies I'm saying that
as a Democrat running for president
they're pretty solid they're not great
but they're at least Hillary Clinton
solid wouldn't you say they're at least
as good as Hillary was which was pretty
good you know Hillary wasn't a great
campaigner but she had enough to get to
win the popular vote so that's good
enough but when you combine Harris is
laughing at her own jokes a huge problem
let's be honest the laughing at her own
jokes will prevent her from being
president it would prevent her from
getting the nomination if she can stop
two things and here's the trick they're
both easy they're both easy first thing
she has to stop is laughing at her own
jokes she can do that now that might not
be easy she might not be able to do it
like in a day but pretty much people can
learn to stop laughing at their own
jokes she just has to know it's a big
deal I don't know that anybody close to
her is telling her Carla I you know I
don't want to ruin your enthusiasm but
when you laugh at your own jokes you
look like more of a dork than a leader
stopping laughing at your own jokes is
probably one of the easier things you
could do if it became a priority so I
think the only thing that keeps her from
from discontinuing that terrible you
know public tic is that nobody has told
her honestly how it looks so if there's
anybody in her campaign who wants to
clip out this part of the video and give
it to her you will increase your
effectiveness about twenty percent on
one one day
with you could show her 30 seconds of
what I'm saying
in her effectiveness would go up 20% in
one day because I guarantee she can do
it she just needs somebody to be honest
with her and say don't do that anymore
like zero times there are no times you
should do that
secondly the body language the body
language is really easy to change I know
that because over my lifetime of you
know public presentations and speeches
and various public appearances I have
learned to intentionally modify my body
language until it's my normal body
language now I don't have what I would
call normal body body language I have a
a trained body language for at least for
public purposes so you've noticed even
when I talk on interviews even when I'm
here on video if you notice how much he
had an ocean motion I do that I wasn't
born to that but I also don't think
about it when I'm doing it I'm thinking
about it now cuz I'm talking about it
but normally if you see me waving my
hands around it's not a conscious
thought it's now just what I've trained
myself automatically to do now the
training is easy you just tell yourself
larger motions are better smaller
motions and tight to your body and jerky
motions are bad you have to practice it
and it might not be the first day that
you can do it but by the third day you
can it's not that hard it is really not
hard to simply open up you open up your
chest you you put on a more serious
demeanor you learn to get your motions
right and I would say that calmly Harris
if she is she corrected two things
number one or laughing at her own jokes
and maybe and maybe not even try so hard
to tell jokes I would love to see her
same witticisms I haven't seen a list of
them but I would love to see her same
level of witticisms delivered with a wry
smile
you know understanding that it's the
audience we should be laughing not her
just to see if it works because I don't
know if she can deliver that the joke
and if she can't deliver she should just
avoid it all right so at this point
after this last debate I would say that
Harris's odds of getting the nomination
are the highest they've ever been and
she's a terrible campaigner to think
about that she's literally like very
she's notably bad at her public
appearances and I still think she has
the best chance of getting nominated as
of today now that could change because
it's sort of a straight line prediction
that says the top three are unelectable
she's terrible but terrible is still
better than unelectable and her two
biggest problems are easily fixed
somebody just has to tell tell her to do
it is somebody she trusts all right so
let's talk about health care I had this
questions I'm gonna go to the board for
a moment excuse me for the bad image
you're gonna see here here's more of a
question than a point I was trying to
rank in my mind as an ignorant consumer
of news which health care plans in a
very general sense are the ones that are
likely to be the least expensive and I
have a preliminary opinion and so I want
to see if I can give some fact-checking
so here's here's the thing our current
system you can see at the top and
Medicare for all are two that you could
argue one is more expensive than the
other and people do now problem is that
it's apples and oranges our current
system is more expensive for some types
of people but of course it doesn't cover
everybody so the savings come from not
covering everybody if you want to cover
everybody Bernie says that doing so will
be so efficient you can actually save
money overall but he's talking overall
he is not hiding the fact that some
people will pay more money and some
people will
get free healthcare and not pay any
money so so you'll argue all day long
about these two things
all right which one is saving money but
really it's apples and oranges they both
save money but in different ways for
different people so it's sort of an
unsolvable dilemma of which one saves
money because we don't really know we're
not smart enough economists will
disagree and some people will pay more
some people will pay less either way but
here's my curiosity the third plan is
sort of I think a few Democrats were
pushing this comma lose won some kind of
competitive situation where everybody
can get it covered through the Medicare
for all if they want it they just have
to take it and but at the same time you
can keep your private plan and then
those would compete so you'd have
competitors competing on cost etc so
here's my question how is it that we the
health care is the biggest deal in the
country policy wise and you and I don't
really know what any of it would cost
even in a ranking sense it's one thing
if you don't know if it's going to cost
you fifteen trillion or thirty trillion
well that's a big deal you know fifteen
trillion dollars is a big deal but you
could still make the decision if you can
at least rank them right you wouldn't
have to know which ones 15 trillion
which ones thirty trillion if you knew
for sure which ones were the most
expensive and the least expensive
because then you would do whatever you
could do you take the least expensive
this still gets you everything you need
and and you'd know you made the right
choice even if you could not estimate
with any kind of accuracy as long as you
could rank them so why can't we why
can't we rank them what's why are we at
this point and the news business has
failed us so much that you and I and
consumers in this country can't even
tell which is the most expensive
let's give us a little hand here we need
some help all right
did you see that nearly every state's
attorney general attorneys generals are
going after the big tech companies I
think Facebook and Google for antitrust
jealousy that story I don't think it got
enough play in that in the news but just
think about that there are almost every
state's attorney generals so that's
Democrats Republicans but we finally
found something that everybody agrees on
that Google and Facebook might have too
much power monopoly power in particular
so that's happening let's keep our eyes
on that the other thing Gamla main news
for is that she noted that in a
three-hour Democrat debate the ABC host
didn't ask one question about abortion
think about that
it was the three hours 10 Democrats
talking mostly to their base now once
mentioned female reproductive rights it
didn't even come up are you kidding me
now maybe ABC would defend that by
saying they're basically all on the same
side which actually wouldn't be a
terrible response because ABC could say
yeah but you're sort of all on the same
side there's not much to debate on that
which might be the case
now the other thing that Joe Navarro
said is that Andrew Yang's choice did
not wear a tie is unambiguously a
mistake do you agree I love to see your
opinions
give me your opinion in the comments hey
kitten in the comments say had do you
think that yang were not wearing a tie
was that a good move or a mistake
I'm looking at your comments now so I'm
seeing a difference so the people are on
both sides let me tell you why this is
easy there Eddie it's easy to know
whether this is a mistake or it's good
here
who's gonna vote for him because he
because he didn't wear a tie how many
votes do you get for your for being
tireless none right there's not a single
voter who's gonna say you know I don't
like use policies but man I love that
fact he doesn't wear a tie because I
don't wear a tie none not wearing a tie
earns you zero zero how many votes might
he lose by not looking as presidential
according to some voters who may be a
minority there might not many of them
but do you think there's anybody out
there who saying I know I like my
President to look like a president I'm a
traditionalist and I think that matters
some the answer is some so here's here's
why it's an unambiguous mistake this was
easy and you know it's a no-brainer
I even I would wear a tie in that
situation I would wear a tie nobody is
more anti necktie than the guy who draws
Dilbert right the first thing I did when
I left corporate America is I took all
of my neckties and and literally threw
them in the trash and said to myself I
am never going to wear a necktie again
now of course I lied because when I
visited the White House I bought a
necktie I think that's maybe I kept one
around for emergencies but I you know I
ended up buying a necktie to visit the
White House just out of respect but even
I the most anti necktie person you will
ever meet in your life so that is just a
clear mistake all right so Navarro was
right
yang made a an error it did give him
maybe a little attention but it probably
didn't pay for itself in terms of votes
[Music]
is it Jamel Hill I hope I have the right
name right there's an african-american I
think she was a sports commentator I me
have some of the facts wrong here but
what she said was so provoked
I want to quote it so I think it was
Jamel Hill fact check me on that
you said something along the lines of it
I'm paraphrasing that the reason that
Biden has so much respect from the black
voters is that black voters they don't
think he's qualified but they think he's
the only one that white voters will vote
for now I laughed when I read that
because first of all I can't I don't
have a sense of it myself because she's
talking about you know the black
community and I'm not going to pretend I
can get in other people's heads but does
that does that ring true to you because
I've never heard it quite expressed this
way and the reason they laughed is
because it was a a novel way to look at
it so that my first reaction was not
that I agree or disagree it just that it
was novel and so I automatically liked
it just for that but do you think it's
true that black voters are I have no
love for Biden whatsoever but they just
think he's the only one that other ones
that white people will vote for so they
want a winner against Trump maybe maybe
I like it as a thought I don't know if
it's true this was the most this is the
TEL that explains everything about our
environment right now every once in a
while to be some small thing that
happens that even though it's a small
thing it sort of describes your entire
like reality for a moment at least the
political reality and it's this it and
again if you didn't watch Joe Biden's
answer to the legacy of slavery question
you don't quite appreciate what I'm
going to say but he was completely
incoherent and babbling and it was clear
he didn't have control of his mental
faculties you know I'm going to say that
yeah I think we can pass through the
opinion on that and state that as fact I
think that's fair because I think the
Democrats are seeing the same thing at
this point
and despite that he's the leader in the
polling and and despite completely
breaking down mentally in public a
complete mental breakdown you know a
complete mental failure to even be able
to form sentences in public what is it
that that his own team is saying
disqualifies him they're saying he's
disqualified because of his old-timey
reference - or you know playing the
record player in black households - to
teach them more language skills in other
words complete mental incompetence
here's the funny part complete and
obvious and total mental and competence
did not disqualify Biden from being
their choice for president but his
comment about a record player which they
can interpret as vaguely racist which it
wasn't I'll get back to that that's
enough to disqualify them so complete
mental and confidence in public doesn't
disqualify you from being the Democratic
candidate but saying something that
wasn't racist but they can interpret as
racist is disqualified now the reason I
say it wasn't racist is because Joe
Biden is not a racist
end of story say whatever you want to
say about him right say he's mentally
incompetent I just did say you don't
want him to be your president say all of
his policies about say he did you know
good or bad things with China or the
Ukraine or whatever whatever rumor you
want to say sniffs people's hairs too
much say anything bad you want to say
about Biden but let's be honest he's not
a racist
all right he's an old guy he's an old
guy who speaks a certain way and you
know maybe he should update that while
he's not a racist still that's gonna be
enough to take him out all right oh
let's here's the most provocative thing
that you probably didn't notice
there was one point where Biden said
that nonviolent criminals should not go
to jail now shouldn't that have been
like the major headline and everybody
talking about that but here's the thing
nobody's quite sure if he really meant
it are you because they could have just
misspoken I mean given his mental
frailty I don't even know if he meant it
I don't know if he knew what he was
saying literally I don't know if the
words that came out of his mouth were in
any way connected to what he thought he
wanted to say because you have to ask
that question now that's a fair question
so I don't know if he meant it and I
might and my first reaction to I had to
be the same as yours right your first
reaction when you hear hey maybe
nonviolent criminals should not even go
to jail I thought are you kidding me so
you know Bernie Madoff destroyed you
know how many families completely
millions of dollars fraud for years
every bit of it intentional you tell me
that guy doesn't go to jail are you
kidding me and then on top of that we
see Felicity Huffman actually he's going
to get a little jail time 14 days and
then a whole bunch of community service
for her violating some crimes related to
getting her daughter into college very
white-collar crimes were where the
victim per se exists in a conceptual
sense but not a specific person or at
least one we can identify so I'm looking
at these two stories and I had the
following thought what if Biden's right
and here's why
what if Biden was ahead of his time what
if Biden actually maybe heard somebody
come up with a decent explanation of why
we could actually have a jail free
punishment for nonviolent crimes I'm
going to make the case for it here's the
case number one don't count the Bernie
Madoff so if we were to say let's let's
create a policy where nonviolent crimes
don't go to jail just deal with me on a
hypothetical level it's a thought
experiment I'm not proposing it I know
some of you get confused
is not a proposal we're thinking through
it and here's what's changed jail takes
away all of your freedom and it takes
away all of your privacy and that's
what's bad about it no privacy no
freedom now what is different about 2019
compared to all the years before 2019
and it's sort of a gradual thing so it's
not suddenly 2019 but what's different
is that today today we can take away
your privacy without taking you to jail
think about it you don't have to go to
jail to have all of your privacy removed
imagine if you will and this is just a
mental experiment imagine if you will
that for the lesser nonviolent crimes I
still think you need a separate category
for the Bernie Madoff so you should
there should be some accounting for the
the depth of the victims right yeah the
more the victim the worse it is for the
victim then you know you have to take
that into account somebody mentioned
fentanyl dealers those these are good
edge cases so what if there's a major
fentanyl dealer who you don't know
killed anybody but could have you just
don't know they were just a major
offense until dealer that that person
you know I'm in favor of the death
penalty for dealing fentanyl so even if
you can't identify this specific victim
you know that's my personal preference
so let's start with the assumption that
there's some nonviolent crimes which by
their nature are bad enough that you
should still get some jail time so let's
all agree that it can be exceptions but
that leaves I don't know 75% of all
nonviolent crime that you could go to
jail for today that are within the the
realm of dispute imagine your life if I
gave you these two choices are you ready
choice number one you go to jail for one
year because whatever he did wasn't the
worst thing in the world it was some
white-collar crime so your choices go to
jail for one year your second choice is
five years
of zero privacy I'm just picking five as
to just talk five years of zero privacy
now how you would do that there's
another discussion maybe we don't quite
have the technology maybe you have to
wear an Apple watch maybe you have to
have your cell phone with you maybe all
of your credit card purchases have to be
public maybe your maybe you have a
record so every time you pay for
something you have to pay for it with a
a credit card that indicates that you're
under the control of the judicial system
so now not talking shocked colors I'm
talking literally your punishment is a
complete lack of privacy now let me ask
you would you consider it a punishment
for you to have a complete lack of
privacy you would when you would you
would you want to live for five years
with literally anybody being able to go
online and find out where you are what
you bought and your health records and
your financial records all of it every
single bit of your entire life that can
be surfaced in any way through the
government involvement or or commercial
anything you give away a hundred percent
of your freedom your your order of
privacy now now go back to Biden's
comment that we should look at a way to
not jail nonviolent criminals and then
you pair it with our current ability to
totally punish you while you're free you
can be punished
pretty darn pretty bad badly you could
be you could be deeply punished without
being in jail just lose all your privacy
now this is one of those things you have
to think about for a while I'm watching
the comments by the way and the comments
are very interesting because usually
when I have an idea this wild I'm
getting very strong takes on both sides
and you know what I'm not seeing I'm not
seeing strong takes on either side
in other words most of you just said to
yourself some version of holy crap
that's not the worst idea I've ever seen
now if somebody is not incarcerated what
is one of the things that they can do
well one of the things they can do is
get a job right if you were an employer
and you had a choice of hiring somebody
that you really couldn't know much about
they might take drugs you know they
might be a criminal on the side you
don't know much about them but they have
a good resume enough so you can hire
them or let's say you could hire someone
who has exactly one crime it was a
white-collar crime and now they're
completely transparent you will know
where that employee is all the time if
they tried to steal from you you'd know
it because you could see their bank
accounts you could actually see their
bank account and you'd know if they
stole from you just like weird though
where did that money come from
you would actually it would actually be
potentially and again this is this is
more of a thought experiment but it's
not inconceivable that convicted small
crime criminals you know the white
collar II nobody got to her kind of
criminals could become safer employees
than people that you don't know much
about because they have privacy think
about that so now these people can get
jobs now because the president has
restricted immigration we need all the
employees we can get president says that
explicitly as part of his judicial
reform he says that we need all the
employees where you get including people
who have paid their debt so the people
who are paying their debt could still
get a job could still work and what's
the best part pay back the victims thank
you comment or pay back the victims so
now let's say you're a you're a victim
of a non violent crime you have two
choices one is your person goes to jail
for a year to the person who victimizes
you loses all of their freedom for five
years and they pay you back a hundred
percent which do you choose
one do you choose I might take it might
take the money now I'm no lawyer so I
think you could still sue people you
know to try to get your money back in
civil court right but if the person's in
jail and if they can never get a job
again after jail or at least a good
month you're not getting your money back
so I'm just gonna put that out there I
think there's at least a 50% chance that
I didn't misspoke and didn't mean
anything like that but especially when I
saw the Felicity Huffman one is is
society better off with Felicity Huffman
in jail well we're better off if she's
punished right imagine a Hollywood star
losing all of her privacy think about it
imagine if you personally knew where
Felicity Hoffman was all the time you
would know if she's in their bathroom
yeah you wouldn't bill see her but you'd
know who's in their bathroom because you
could just check her GPS at any time you
want
if you were a celebrity how terrible
would that be for everyone to know where
you are you put yourself on house arrest
right because you wouldn't even want to
leave the house people wouldn't know
where you are they they you know they
track you down at the grocery store so
at least so here's the only takeaway do
not rule out that's all I'm saying I'm
not saying it's a good idea do not rule
out that we could develop a way using
technology and privacy and things that
are more modern to actually do away with
prison for nonviolent crimes
now also think about drug offenders drug
offenders need something extra well
maybe they do need loss of privacy
because the loss of privacy for drug
users if there were users not dealers a
loss of privacy well for either one if
you're a dealer or a user of drugs a
loss of privacy would certainly put a
crimp on your using because part of the
loss of privacy might be continuous drug
testing here's a question that I thought
about I don't want to bring up the whole
issue of guns and gun insurance because
I did that to death but there was a one
takeaway point that was worth visiting
number one somebody on Twitter told me
and I need a confirmation of this that
the state of Massachusetts is actually
debating that right now debating the
question of insurance and guns I don't
know what that looks like but I'll just
put put into your head the idea that at
least some stranger on Twitter thinks
that at least one state is debating at
least some form of insurance and guns so
I don't know what that looks like but
I'd like to know but here's my take away
so people said and one of them was a
lawyer so I'm going to take you
seriously that it would never be
constitutionally appropriate to force
people to pay for insurance for a
constitutional right which is to own a
gun now I'm not a lawyer so that
statement
I can't even evaluate if that sounds
reasonable or not but it doesn't matter
to my next point
imagine if the model was this instead of
making the gun buyer buy insurance
directly through an insurance company
suppose the government said this we'd
like to impose on gun makers just
manufacturers a requirement for
insurance such that if one of their guns
and let's say you could limit it to
maybe the the ones that are the most
destructive so maybe you would you would
make exceptions for shotguns for example
or a revolver so you might have some
exceptions of what the price would be
for the insurance but uh but for the
weapons that are let's say generally
agreed them to be the most dangerous
let's say the gun makers were forced to
pay a healthy insurance policy and that
insurance would pay the emergency
services and healthcare for anywhere
where one of their guns was used for a
crime
now you might the first thing you might
say to yourself is hey don't do that
it's a bad idea so the question I'm I'm
not I'm not going to deal with the
question whether it's a good or a bad
idea that's a separate conversation
specifically would that model in which
the gun manufacturers were required to
have insurance on their own product
would it be unconstitutional would it
ever be unconstitutional to force a
manufacturer to cover insurance for a
product that is constitutionally valid
so because here's the thing you're the
consumer and you walk into the store and
you buy a gun that gun has all kinds of
costs passed along to you from the
manufacturer the insurance cost would
just be one more it would just be one
more cost it doesn't feel like that
would be unconstitutional so I'm seeing
mixed agreements or mixed opinions here
so some of you are saying it would be
well let me ask you this would it be
unconstitutional for the government to
require gun sellers to collect sales tax
at the point of purchase is it
unconstitutional to require a sales tax
on a constitutional right to own a gun
yeah that through you didn't because
there is a sales tax on guns right and
if there's a sales tax on guns the
government is already imposing limits on
your ability to buy something that's a
constitutional right now I remind
anybody who's new to my periscopes I'm
I'm strongly pro-gun pro Second
Amendment but I'm also willing to at
least consider all of the different
angles on guns
so my willingness to consider all angles
should not be misconstrued as wanting to
take your gun because that's the last
thing I want to do all right so that's
the question it seems to me if it's
legal and constitutional to collect a
sales tax on guns it should be at least
as legal to require the companies to
have their own insurance simply to cover
the costs that they have some role in
creating through
Society I don't think it'll ever become
a law but who knows here's some good
news apparently the United States killed
bin Laden's son one of them I don't know
how many have been allotted sons we've
killed so far but I'm kind of happy
there are a lot of them but my first
thought when I heard that we killed bin
Laden's son doesn't he have a whole
bunch of sons like a dozen or something
I don't know what the number is but
seems like there was a big number and
the beauty of this is we can keep
killing bin Laden's sons like once a
year for years it's like hey okay we
killed bin Laden's son again didn't we
just do that oh it's another one it's
another one and then next year we got we
got bin Laden's son which one I think
we're up to 23 now and normally I would
not feel happy about killing somebody
except his bin Laden son and I'm totally
and he was a terrorist and so I'm
totally happy about killing that guy I I
don't know how I could never feel bad
about that
all right here's an interesting contrast
somebody was saying in the news that the
Democratic field the candidates are the
weakest field of candidates of all time
and I would agree with that it is the
weakest field of candidates of all time
here's the fun fact to compare to it do
you remember when Trump ran for
president and there were all those
Republicans running against him what was
the most common thing you heard about
the field of Republicans running for
president well you heard us consistently
it's the strongest strongest group of
candidates you've ever seen so when
Trump won he beat the strongest field of
candidates on his own team ever fielded
and I actually agree with that that was
a strong field of candidates now there
was nobody there who was a superstar
like Trump yeah in terms of his ability
to move the public but they were all
strong every
every one of those people I could have
seen this president some better than
others but they were all president
enough in fact it wasn't one person on
that stage I think that's true I don't
think there was one person on that stage
that I would that I would have worried
too much about becoming president you
know I might have disagreed with her
policies and such but I wouldn't
wouldn't be panicked by it and then you
look at the Democrat group and even the
Democrats are saying this might be the
worst field of candidates we've ever run
so they're gonna run the worst field of
candidates and pick the best of the
worst to run against the person who beat
just absolutely destroyed the strongest
slate of candidates in the history of
the United States how does that look as
a as a match up that's pretty funny
alright I think that's all I wanted to
talk about today did I cover everything
is there anything else you wanted to
hear about
oh yeah the drones forgot about that so
the in Yemen the hoodies the the ethnic
booties I think I'm saying that right
are in a war with the ethnic group that
is nominally the government there and
you've got a Saudi Arabia backing the
government you've got Iran allegedly
although they deny it but they're
they're backing the hootie rebels so the
hoodie and if just so you got the visual
there's Saudi Arabia imagine this you
know big country in Saudi Arabia and
then along its lower border the the main
is main or only southern neighbor is
Yemen so Saudi Arabia has a strong
interest in Yemen not being an Iranian
proxy because it's right on their border
it's pretty dangerous situation if they
become that so they of course been
backing the government so that they can
have their person in charge of Yemen so
the hoodies who are this scrappy rebel
group that I don't know too much about
managed to launch a fairly substantial
not fairly substantial is
substantial drone attack against Saudi
oil refinery I think it was an oil
facility and and pretty much destroyed
the thing I mean if you if you base that
on the pictures it looks like a lot of
it was on fire and so the first thing I
don't know is what kind of drones were
they were they the big kind of drones
they're like airplanes or were they the
Hobby size drones that they've
weaponized to the point that even a
bunch of hobby size drones can take out
an oil refinery so somebody says was a
big drone yeah so we'll wait to find out
if it now obviously if they were big
drones they came from Iran right if the
hoodie's used big military drones they
came from Iran and Iran and Saudi Arabia
are now at war now they may not use
those words but if those were full-sized
military ones the hoodie's didn't make
them themselves
is it Houthis and somebody saying
somebody is trying to put it correct my
pronunciation and that might be the case
so we have to wait to find out what
what's the deal with these drones but
even if they're not full-sized military
drones it seems unlikely that anyone but
Iran was helping them so and I wonder
about this because if Iran is doing any
of this stuff to try to improve their
negotiating position it's certainly a
bad play
so we'll say anyway we'll wait in that I
remember 15 years ago or so I made the
prediction that the that the terrorists
would all be using drones and that
they're coming to this country so that
attack on the oil refinery you should
expect to see those some of those in the
United States in the next five to ten
years at least
could be
here so you're gonna see swarm attacks
terrorist attacks in this country as
soon as somebody can put the resources
together because all the science is
there and they know it works at this
point
and how hard could it be to smuggle
drones into the country it feels like
that would be the easiest thing because
you could take the drones apart and just
you know ship the parts in different
combinations just through FedEx and and
nobody's going to look at some little
single you know component and think that
that's a problem
so it feels like it just feels like
there's nothing you can do to stop it
and we can't it would take it would take
50 years before we had drone jamming
technology in every large gathering in
the United States and every facility
just seems like it's not going to happen
locally shut off the GPS I don't know if
shutting off the GPS is going to work
anymore because my guess is that the
drones either have or will soon have the
ability to use google satellite to
navigate right if you if you have access
to satellite pictures just from you know
google and you can do sort of pattern
recognition you should be able to tell
your drone even a little hobby drone
that you buy on Amazon if it can't
already do this maybe you can it should
be able to just look down know where it
starts from so as long as it knows where
it starts from it can look at the ground
and just follow the roads just it should
be able to follow the roads right I
don't see any any way that that's not
completely doable
so even GPS can stop them somebody says
Gen 4 is safe from Jones relatively so
Gen 4 nuclear technology and that's an
umbrella term for a number of competing
technologies we don't know which one
will be the good one yet but their deal
is that if they lose power they close
down safely the the older
and current models and nuclear power if
they lose power for an extended time and
the backup power isn't enough then they
start melting down and it's a big
problem
so the Gen 4 are built opposite of that
we're losing power
makes them safer instead of less safe so
so the answer is yes a drone attack on a
gem for plant for that reason alone
would be far safer because power loss is
your big risk and then depending on the
size of the drone could it or could it
not penetrate anything that's got
anything nuclear on the inside and I
guess that's just a size of drone
questions all right that's all I got now
and I am going to talk to you all
tomorrow have a great day
oh and buy my book loser thing available
for pre-order November 5th